The Rats ! parser generator is part of xtc .
Page 1A
Failure goes from zero to 50
' Minimum F ' grading policy ignites impassioned debate
In most math problems , zero would never be confused with 50 , but a handful of schools nationwide have set off an emotional academic debate by giving minimum scores of 50 for students who fail .
Officials in schools from Las Vegas to Dallas to Port Byron , N.Y. , have proposed or implemented versions of such a policy , with varying results .
Their argument :
Other letter grades —
A , B , C and D — are broken down in increments of 10 from 60 to 100 , but there is a 59 - point spread between D and F , a gap that can often make it mathematically impossible for some failing students to ever catch up .
" It 's a classic mathematical dilemma : that the students have a six times greater chance of getting an F , " says Douglas Reeves , founder of The Leadership and Learning Center , a Colorado - based educational think tank who has written on the topic .
" The statistical tweak of saying the F is now 50 instead of zero is a tiny part of how we can have better grading practices to encourage student performance . "
But opponents say the larger gap between D and F exists because passing requires a minimum competency of understanding at least 60 % of the material .
Handing out more credit than a student has earned is grade inflation , says Ed Fields , founder of HotChalk.com , a site for teachers and parents : " I certainly do n't want to teach my children that no effort is going to get them half the way there . "
Schools have taken a variety of approaches :
• In Hillsboro , Ore. , the school district is planning to roll out such a policy slowly .
School board member Hugh O'Donnell says he hopes it is implemented within a couple of years " once we educate the teachers . "
• The Dallas Independent School District has a policy not to allow semester grades below a 50 .
One principal 's decision to disallow grades below a 70 in certain instances drew protests this spring and was rescinded .
• At Lehn Middle School in Port Byron , N.Y. , the teachers turn in numerical averages from zero to 100 for report cards , and a computer program rounds up anything below a 50 , following principal Sally Feinberg 's policy .
" An F is an F , and 50 is still not passing , " Feinberg says .
" The point is motivation and to give kids the opportunity to pass a grade . "
A top proponent of a minimum - 50 policy , Thomas Guskey of Georgetown College in Kentucky , acknowledges that there are no studies he knows of that examine whether such approaches increase passing rates .
" Oftentimes , when schools go to this policy , a major component of doing so is a significant parent training program , " Guskey says .
" That makes it hard to tell if it 's anything the school did , or maybe by informing parents , they become more conscientious . "
Met officers have met with the Crown Prosecution Service to discuss policy Crown prosecutors have said Sir Ian Blair has misunderstood the law in making a call for celebrities caught on film taking drugs to stand trial .
The Metropolitan Police Commissioner had called for a change in policy by the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) .
He cited the case of model Kate Moss , who was not prosecuted as police were unable to prove what substance she had allegedly been filmed using .
The CPS said it pressed charges when offered sufficient police evidence .
Sir Ian supported an investigation into the claims against Kate Moss , citing the possible impact of such behaviour on " impressionable young people " .
Same issue .
But she escaped prosecution because police were unable to prove what substance she was allegedly using in a west London recording studio .
" I was quite clear that I expressed my concern over the Kate Moss story , and we did that same investigation and we hit the same issue , " Sir Ian said .
" And I think it 's reasonable for a jury to be able to say , beyond reasonable doubt , ' I can see that behaviour , you convince me that you 're taking talcum powder , because that 's an unusual way to take it . '
But the Director of Public Prosecutions Sir Ken Macdonald QC , said : " If he is accurately quoted he appears to have completely misunderstood the law .
Any suggestion that the CPS does not prosecute celebrities is completely untrue
Sir Ken Macdonald QC
" The issue was not whether the white powder that Kate Moss was snorting was cocaine or talcum powder .
" The law required us to prove that it was either a class A drug or a class B drug .
We could only base our case on one of these options .
" It was impossible for us to do this since cocaine - a class A drug - and amphetamine - a class B drug are both white powders . "
He added : " Any suggestion that the CPS does not prosecute celebrities is completely untrue .
" We will prosecute when the police provide us with sufficient evidence to do so . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
[ digg - me ]
Really interesting device was found today in the vast expanses of Internet .
Company named Aleutia ( established in London , 2006 ) sells extremely mini PC that consumes really small amount of energy ( 8 watts !!! ) , runs Linux and can be powered by sun !
It ’s named Aleutia E1 and is available starting at 180 £ .
See details below !
Seller announces the following product specifications ( see detailed specs here ) :
Processor : 200MHz x86 CPU , Memory : 128MB SDRAM , Storage : 2GB ( included Compact Flash card ) , Power Supply ( US , UK , or EU ) .
3 x USB 2.0 ports ( 480 Mbps transfer rate ) , 1 x 10/100 Ethernet port , VGA port to connect LCD display ( supports resolutions up to 1280 × 1024 )
Power consumption of 8W with CPU and SDRAM running at full speed .
With external devices ( USB 2.0 CD Rewriter , USB - powered hard drive ) power consumption rises to 11W .
Dimensions : 11.5 cm ( Width ) x 11.5 cm ( Lenght ) x 3.5 cm ( Height )
Puppy Linux Operating System ( version 2.14 ) – similar in appearance to MS Windows , stable , and pre-installed .
Excel - compatible spreadsheet software ( Gnumeric ) , Word - compatible word processor ( Abiword )
Looking at these specs and using Google it was discovered that Aleutia sells Norhtec ‘s device The MicroClient Jr !
Do you see the difference at the pictures below ?
Maybe hand ? 😉
By the way , Norhtec ’s one is of 120 $ … From Norhtec ’s site :
The MicroClient Jr. is a revolutionary device that is especially designed for installations having limited physical space and temperature concerns .
It does not matter if you are in a jammed office , a crowded place , or public transportation – it can be easily integrated with a VESA LCD to bring you computer access at any time .
It can attach to any VESA mounting fixture , allowing it to be securely mounted onto desks , room walls , or buildings , and thereby optimizing your work area .
It can also attach directly to LCDs of any size to create a mobile system for the use at trade shows , presentations , promotions , etc .
Unlike the traditional laptop design , the MicroClient Jr. can be used with a large size LCD .
Furthermore , with FANLESS design , MicroClient Jr. is ideal for use in hot climates without air conditioning .
Get more details on The MicroClient Jr. here …
Sweeeet ! 🙂
If you ’re looking for luxury or economy , roominess or sport , here ’s an exclusive from Kelley Blue Book ( www.kbb.com), the leading provider of new - and used - vehicle information , 2008 Top 10 Best New Road Trip Vehicles .
As not all road trips are the same , Kelley Blue Book ’s 2008 Best New Road Trip Vehicles provide a potential perfect ride or two for every type of driver and every type of journey .
Each vehicle offers different perks such as entertainment options , interior accommodations and driving performance to keep road - trippers satisfied .
Audi S5
Combining a silky 354 - horsepower V8 engine , impeccably tuned suspension and quattro all - wheel drive , the Audi S5 delivers high levels of both performance and comfort , along with the elegance to arrive in grand fashion .
Kelley Blue Book picked the S5 , a performance version of the A5 , for its unique combination of top - end performance , comfort and slick European style .
Bugatti Veyron
For those with lots … and lots … and lots of money to spend on a road - trip car ( and the gas to fill it ) Kelley Blue Book selected the ultra- expensive Hermes - infused version of the Veyron .
If the price of fuel has impacted your yacht time more than your driving habits , you might find the $ 1.5 - million , 1,001 - horsepower , 16 - cylinder , quad - turbo , 250 - mph Bugatti Veyron an ideal alternative the next time the jet is in the shop .
Just keep in mind that at full speed , the Veyron burns through its 26 - gallon fuel tank in about 12 minutes .
Chevrolet Malibu
When six top - selling mid-size sedans are driven recently in a back - to - back comparison test , the remarkably quiet and comfortable Chevy Malibu handily out shined the competition on the highway .
The first car in the category to combine a flexible six - speed automatic transmission with a gas - sipping four - cylinder engine , the Malibu is capable of an impressive 32 highway miles per gallon .
The Malibu is smooth , quiet and roomy , and the interior looks smart , too .
Chevrolet Tahoe Hybrid
While the Tahoe Hybrid ’s highway fuel economy rating of 22 mpg is only 2 mpg better than that of its gas - only counterpart ( the hybrid ’s bigger advantage is in city driving ) , it ’s nevertheless the most fuel - friendly full - size SUV on the road and provides seating for eight , plenty of cargo solutions and the ability to tow your boat to the lake .
Dodge Grand Caravan
In the Dodge Grand Caravan , getting there can easily be all the fun .
The Grand Caravan ’s wide variety of entertainment options includes multiple DVD players , video game inputs , two overhead video screens , SIRIUS Satellite TV and radio as well as rearward - swiveling second row seats , all helping to transform the once humble minivan into a virtual party on wheels .
Ford Flex
Due in dealerships this summer , Ford ’s new full - size , three - row crossover will be turning heads from coast to coast all year , while treating occupants to cold drinks with its class - exclusive refrigerated console .
The interior is far more conservative in appearance than the outside , but it ’s elegant , functional and roomy .
Besides Ford ’s Sync Bluetooth audio / phone system , you can get a refrigerator to keep your drinks cool on the road .
Infiniti EX35
In addition to a plush , flexible interior , the EX35 offers a Lane Departure Prevention System that can help keep any driver — quite literally — in line .
A small camera detects lane markers in front of the vehicle and , when inadvertent lane departure is detected , the system applies a small amount of left or right brake force to nudge the vehicle back on course .
MINI Cooper Clubman
With excellent fuel economy and a fun-loving attitude , the MINI Cooper has earned its way onto the list of top road trip cars for the second year in a row .
The new Clubman offers more passenger and luggage space than the standard Cooper , making the largest member of the MINI family an even more ideal long - haul companion .
Toyota Prius
With highway fuel economy of 45 miles per gallon – and even more in city driving – the appeal of the Prius would seem obvious .
You can get where you ’re going with fewer stops for gas .
But , besides that , Kelley Blue Book picked the Prius for its commodious interior space .
Volkswagen Eos :
The Volkswagen Eos is a sporty coupe that ’s also a sexy convertible , thanks to a sleek , sophisticated retractable hardtop .
This chameleon also has an exceptionally wide glass sunroof for when you want the open - air experience without getting that wind - swept look .
Source : https://www.kbb.com/
Photo Credits : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10
Cross - platform media player VLC is often referred to as the " Swiss Army knife of media applications " for good reason :
Not only does VLC play nearly any file you throw at it ( you even voted it the best desktop media player ) , but it can do so much more .
From ripping DVDs to converting files to iPod - friendly formats , let 's take a look at the four coolest things you can do with VLC and start you on your way to becoming a VLC ninja .
Photo by R'eyes .
Advertisement
NOTE : Many of these VLC tricks use the same dialogs , so rather than repeat the same steps every time , I 'll be doing a thorough step - by - step once and then highlighting only the differences in the subsequent mini-guides .
I 'm using Windows in most of my examples , but since VLC is cross-platform , most of the same tricks should work just as well on any platform .
VLC has a Streaming and Transcoding Wizard that 's supposed to make this process even easier , but it 's been buggy for me in all my tests , so I decided to go with the slightly more difficult method detailed below .
Advertisement
Rip Any DVD
You may have thought that you needed some fancy DVD ripping tools to rip DVDs to your hard drive , but VLC can actually rip any DVD with ease .
As reader joelena pointed out , since VLC plays the DVD in order to encode it , it can bypass any copy protection .
Here 's how it works :
Five Best DVD Ripping Tools
If you want to take your movies with you on the road , or just want to clean up those physical …
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Open the Disc and Find the Correct Title : Insert your DVD and open it with File -> Open Disc .
We need to find the right title to rip from the DVD , so at this point we 're going to preview titles from the disc one by one .
To do this , start with 0 as your title number and increment one number at a time until you find the title you want to rip .
I 've found it 's quicker if you choose DVD rather than DVD ( menus ) at the top of the Open dialog so you only have to wade through actual video .
Advertisement
Pick a Folder to Save the Rip and Name It : Now that you 've find the right track , you just need to tell VLC that you want to save it .
To do so , tick the Stream / Save checkbox , then click Settings .
Here you need to tell VLC where to save the file , so tick the File checkbox and pick a folder to save it to and then give it a name ( e.g. , My DVD Rip.mpg ) .
Advertisement
Determine Video and Audio Settings :
Now you 're ready to tweak the final settings before it 's time to rip .
Tick the Video codec and Audio codec , then choose the output codecs you prefer .
This is really up to you , and if you do n't have a preference I 've had good results using the defaults described in this excellent VLC rip guide : mp1v for the video codec and mp3 for audio .
If you need a specific file format for a mobile device , you may want to choose a difference encapsulation method and codec .
Hit OK when you 're done .
Advertisement
Rip Away :
You 've made it .
Just hit OK again ( make sure Stream / Save is checked ) and it should start ripping .
Advertisement
VLC will rip the DVD faster than real - time playback , and you can follow the ripping process in the corner of the VLC window .
Convert Any Video for Your iPod or iPhone with a Drag and Drop Batch Script
Advertisement
If you regularly convert files to a specific file format — say , for your iPod — you can set up a batch file with VLC that will make video conversions as easy as dragging and dropping the to - be - converted file onto the script .
Create a new text file and save it as VLC Converter .
bat .
Make sure your filesystem is showing file extensions so you are n't saving it as a text file ( you do n't want to end up with something like VLC Converter .bat. txt ) .
You need to make sure it 's saving with the BAT extension .
Advertisement
If you were building the script from scratch , at this point you 'd open up the file you just created and paste " C: \Program Files\VideoLAN\VLC\vlc.exe " % 1 in the first line .
Now you need to get the command line options that describe how VLC should convert the file .
For that , you can use the text generated by the Target textbox at the top of the Stream / Save Settings window described in steps two and three of the DVD ripping guide above , which displays the command line options you need for your batch file .
Luckily a user at the iPod forums at iLounge already put together a VLC batch conversion script for iPods , so we can just use those settings , which look like this :
Advertisement
" C: \Program Files\VideoLAN\VLC\vlc.exe "
%1 :sout=#transcode{vcodec=mp4v,vb=1024,scale=1,height=240,width=320 ,acodec=mp4a,ab=128 , channels=2}:duplicate{dst=std{access=file, mux=mp4,dst=%1.mp4}}
That 's a lot of text , but it 's just telling VLC everything you would normally tell it in the Settings dialog .
The % 1 variable will be replaced by the name of the file you drop on the script .
Copy and paste all of that text ( and only that text ) into your batch file and save it .
That 's all there is to it .
Next time you have a video file you want to convert for your iPod , just drag and drop it on your newly created batch script .
The script was built specifically for converting videos to an iPod - compatible format , but you can build your own scripts to do virtually common conversions you want .
Advertisement
Stream Media to Other Computers
Now that you 're using VLC to rip your DVDs , you 've got gigabyte after gigabyte of your videos on your desktop .
Rather than copying all of those files to any other computer you 'd like to play them on , VLC allows you to stream video over your network or even over the internet .
Advertisement
First , go to File -> Open File .
Browse to the file you 'd like to stream , and then — like above — tick the Stream / Save checkbox and click Settings .
This time , rather than outputting the stream as a file , we 're going to tick the UDP box and enter the local IP address of the computer you 'd like to stream to .
On Windows , you can find your computer 's local IP address by opening the command prompt ( Win - R , type cmd , and hit Enter ) , and then type ipconfig and hit Enter .
Advertisement
Once you 've got that , enter it in the computer you 're streaming from in the text box next to the UDP checkbox you just enabled .
Hit OK to accept your settings , then OK again to finish the setup .
While you 're still on the streaming computer , go to Settings -> Add Interface -> Web Interface .
Now it 's time to start the stream on your other computer , and doing so is a breeze .
Just open VLC on your second computer , go to File -> Open Network Stream , and — assuming the UDP choice is selected and the port matches the port you used in the setup above ( unless you changed it , they should both default to 1234 ) , just hit OK to start the stream .
Advertisement
You 're presented with a slight problem streaming the video using VLC this way , namely that you can't control the playback from the remote VLC interface .
Luckily you already enabled the web interface , so on the computer you 're streaming to , open a web browser and point it to the VLC web interface .
If you 're streaming over a local network , find your streaming computer 's IP address the same way you did with the remote computer 's address above , then enter it into your browser with port 8080 appended to the end .
Mine looks like http://192.168.1.2:8080 .
Through the web interface on the remote computer , you can control all of VLC 's playback .
Handy , huh ?
Advertisement
You can stream video over the internet and not just over your local network , but you 'll need to either have a static external IP address or assign a domain name to your computer to do so easily .
For more details on streaming with VLC , check out Engadget 's previous guide .
Advertisement
Play Ripped DVDs
If you prefer keeping ripped DVDs entirely in tact with you rip them to your computer , VLC may not be your tool of choice for ripping .
Instead I 'd recommend an alternate ripping tool like our one - click DVD ripping solution DVD Rip or one of the other DVD ripping methods we 've covered in the past .
Once you 've ripped the full DVD to your hard , VLC comes in handy once again to play that ripped DVD , menus and all .
Advertisement
DVD Rip Automates One - Click DVD
Ripping Click to viewWindows only : Rip and back up any DVD to your hard drive with DVD Rip , a freeware …
Read more
Advertisement
We 've highlighted how to play full ripped DVDs with VLC before , but for an even easier solution , check out DVD Play , a Lifehacker Code original that works as a more attractive front end to playing back full DVD rips with VLC .
Play ripped DVDs with VLC
The cross platform digital media Swiss Army knife VLC can play just about any filetype you throw at Read more
Advertisement
We 've really only scratched the surface of all the awesome things you can do with VLC , so if you 've got a favorite VLC technique of your own ( or even favorite encoding settings ) , let 's hear about it in the comments .
Advertisement
Adam Pash is a senior editor for Lifehacker who practices his VLC kung - fu regularly .
His special feature Hack Attack appears every Tuesday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Hack Attack RSS feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
In lieu of flowers , Winston 's family is requesting that donations be made to his charities of choice .
I was first introduced to Stan in the early 1980s by his mentor , the great make - up artist , Dick Smith .
Jim Cameron and I had initially approached Dick to create the Terminator .
Dick wanted us to meet Stan Winston , his protégé , and convinced us that he was doing us a favor by turning us down .
Dick was right .
Stan ’s unique ability was to bring unique , non -human characters to life , so that the audience accepted them as living , breathing beings .
Stan was also , simply put , the nicest man in the business .
Not only was he a legend , redefining character make - up and armatures , but Stan ’s joie de vivre made collaborating with him an absolute pleasure .
I will miss him more than I can say .
My heartfelt sympathy to his loving family , Karen , Matt and Debbie .
Producer Gale Ann Hurd , whose latest blockbuster " The Incredible Hulk " opened this weekend , wrote in an email to the Los Angeles Times :
" Stan contributed to some of the greatest -- fantastic movie characters in motion picture history , " Tippett said .
" His loss is a great one and he will be missed . "
Phil Tippett , who shared a visual effects Oscar with Winston on " Jurassic Park , " noted that Winston was one of the best in the business .
Winston won four visual effects Oscars and earned multiple nominations .
His first Oscar was for James Cameron's " Aliens " ( 1986 ) .
Winston later won two Oscars for " Terminator 2 : Judgment Day " ( 1992 ) ( visual effects and makeup ) and 1993's " Jurassic Park . " ( See Stan Winston 's Creature Features , by LAT 's Patrick Kevin Day . )
Winston died at his Malibu home Sunday evening after a seven - year struggle with multiple myeloma , according to a rep from Stan Winston Studio .
STAN WINSTON STUDIO RELEASE :
Academy Award - winning makeup , creature and visual effects artist Stan Winston died Sunday at his home in Malibu , California , after a prolonged illness .
He was 62 .
In a career that spanned four decades , Winston worked extensively in television and motion pictures , producing innovative work that was often honored for its artistic and technical achievement .
In the early years of his career , during which he worked primarily in television , Winston earned five Emmy nominations from the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences , winning for Gargoyles and The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman .
Winston won his first Academy Award nomination in 1981 for Heartbeeps , and received another nine nominations – in both makeup and visual effects categories – over the next 20 years .
He won a total of four Oscars for Aliens , Terminator 2 : Judgment Day and the groundbreaking Jurassic Park for which he created full - scale animatronic dinosaurs .
Winston received his star on Hollywood ’s Walk of Fame in 2001 .
Current releases from Stan Winston Studio include summer hits IRON MAN and INDIANA JONES AND THE KINGDOM OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL .
Upcoming projects include SHUTTER ISLAND , TERMINATOR 4 , G.I. JOE , and James Cameron ’s AVATAR .
Winston was both collaborator and friend to giants in the film community .
[ Winston Studio plans to later release quotes from Arnold Schwarzenegger , Steven Spielberg , James Cameron , Tim Burton , et cetera . ]
Winston was born April 7 , 1946 in Arlington , Virginia .
As a child , he enjoyed drawing , puppetry and classic horror films .
He continued to pursue his interest in art and performance as a student at the University of Virginia , Charlottesville , graduating from the institution ’s Fine Arts and Drama programs in 1968 .
He headed West after graduation with dreams of becoming an actor , but found his true calling as a makeup artist and creator of characters – a career that enabled him to merge his sensibilities as an artist and performer .
After completing a three - year makeup apprenticeship program at Walt Disney Studios in 1972 , Winston established Stan Winston Studio in the garage of the small house in Northridge he shared with his wife , Karen , and his young son , Matthew and daughter Debbie .
The studio changed locations and grew in size , personnel and stature as his career advanced with work in high - profile films such as The Terminator , Predator , Edward Scissorhands , Interview with the Vampire , Lost World , Batman Returns , and A.I. : Artificial Intelligence .
Stan Winston Studio contributed characters and effects to more than 75 feature films , several music videos , and countless commercial spots .
In 1988 , Winston directed his first feature film , Pumpkinhead , a cult favorite .
Winston also produced a series of horror films for HBO , as well as a number of genre feature films , and created a line of high - end toys based on some of his studio ’s iconic characters .
Throughout his career , Winston was a tireless advocate for the makeup and creature effects community .
He campaigned for the creation of a makeup effects category for the Academy Awards , and he is credited with securing greater recognition overall for makeup and creature effects artists .
At the time of his death , Winston was in the process of morphing his physical makeup and effects studio into the new “ Winston Effects Group ” with the team of senior effects supervisors heading up the new company .
Managing the new company as partners and owners are veteran effects supervisors John Rosengrant , Shane Mahan , Alan Scott and Lindsay Macgowan .
In addition to his professional achievements , Winston was a gifted artist who particularly enjoyed sculpting fine art pieces ; however , he rejected the notion that there was a significant difference between ‘ fine ’ art and the ‘ commercial ’ art for which his studio was famous .
“ For Stan , the measure of his work was never in the techniques and technology employed and pioneered at his studio , ” said Don Shay , publisher of Cinefex Magazine and a key chronicler of Winston ’s career .
“ He was a ‘ character creator , ’ as he liked to be called , and artistry was his only benchmark .
Stan Winston will always be remembered as the man who transformed Arnold Schwarzenegger into the Terminator and who built a full - size robotic T - rex for Jurassic Park .
But he was more than the sum of his greatest achievements .
He was a devoted family man , a beloved patriarch to his stable of artists , and a master artist and sculptor in his own right . ”
Stan died peacefully at home surrounded by family Sunday evening .
He was a beloved husband , father , grandfather and brother .
He is survived by his wife , Karen , son Matt , daughter Debbie , daughter - in - law Amy , son - in - law Erich , 4 beautiful grandchildren Rowan , Wyatt , Georgia , and Pheona , and brother Ronnie Winston .
In lieu of flowers the family is requesting that donations be made to the following charitable organizations :
Institute for Myeloma & Bone Cancer Research
9201 W. Sunset Blvd. Ste 300
West Hollywood , CA 90069
Free Arts for Abused Children
12095 W. Washington Blvd . # 104
Los Angeles , CA 90066
United States Fund for UNICEF
333 East 38th Street
NY , NY 10016
All photos courtesy Stan Winston Studio .
According to legend , Skynet went on - line August 4th , 1997 .
Human decisions were removed from strategic defense .
Skynet began to learn at a geometric rate .
It became self - aware at 2:14 a.m. Eastern time , August 29th .
In a panic , they tried to pull the plug .
It was too late : Skynet retaliated by launching millions of Lokulokus , pigs made out of a gelatinous plastic material that could be squashed against the floor , be completely destroyed , and magically regain their original shape in seconds .
And we got the proof , in video :
If this is not the most absurdly amazing toy I have ever seen , I do n't know what is .
Really .
And it 's only $ 3 in Japan .
Too bad they are probably made of materials that induce hallucinations when licked .
Advertisement
Someone import these , pronto .
[ Louloku via Gizmodo Japan ]
Q : What ’s available now in lawn mowers that are easier on the environment ?
My yard is too big for one of those “ reel ” mowers , and I ’m no longer a spring chicken , so I have to buy something that runs on more than human power .
What ’s out there ?
– Joel Klein , Albany , N.Y .
A : According to the US Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , the average home­owner ’s gas - powered lawn mower pumps out as much pollution per hour as 11 automobiles do .
So what ’s a green - minded property owner to do about keeping the grass down ?
Go electric !
Electric mowers , which either plug into an outlet via a long cord or run on rechargeable batteries , create no exhaust emissions when in operation and run much cleaner than their gas - powered counterparts .
They also need less maintenance , with no spark plugs or belts to worry about and are easier to use , as they tend to be smaller and come with push - button starters .
The icing on the cake might be the fact that electric mowers are cheaper to run , using about as much electricity as an ordinary toaster .
Most electric mower owners spend about $ 5 a year on electricity to keep their grass trimmed .
The nonprofit Electric Power Research Institute reports that replacing half of the 1.3 million or so gas mowers in the US with electric models would be like taking 2 million cars off the road , in terms of emissions .
Going electric has some trade - offs .
Electric mowers tend to cost up to $ 150 more than their gas - powered counterparts , and the plug - in varieties can only go 100 feet from the closest outlet without an extension cord .
Cordless models last only 30 to 60 minutes on a charge , depending on battery size and type , though that ’s sufficient for the average lawn ( just remember to recharge it in time for the next mow ) .
And , of course , just because electric mowers do n’t consume fossil fuels or spew emissions directly does n’t mean they are totally green - friendly .
Most household electricity comes from coal - fired power plants , the dirtiest of all energy sources .
Running an electric mower on electricity generated from clean and renewable sources ( solar , wind , or hydro power ) would be the greenest of all .
For those ready to take the electric mower plunge , the Greener Choices website , a project of Consumer Reports , gives high marks to Black & Decker ’s corded ( $ 230 ) and cordless ( $ 400 ) models for their efficiency , reliability , and ease of use .
Corded models from Worx and Homelite ( both around $ 200 ) also fared well , along with cordless offerings from Craftsman , Homelite , Remington and Neuton ( $ 300 - $ 450 ) .
Got an environmental question ?
Write : EarthTalk , c/o E – The Environmental Magazine , Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 .
Or : earthtalk@emagazine.com
McCain cancels trip to oil rig after spill , blames weather Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday July 24 , 2008
Print This Email This Thursday , workers on an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico off the Louisiana coast will see clear skies , mild temperatures in the 80's and 90's , and feel only a slight breeze .
However , John McCain 's campaign says inclement weather caused the cancellation of his appearance there , aimed at promoting offshore drilling .
Perhaps a more likely cause is the 400,000 plus gallons of oil floating through the Mississippi , spilled yesterday after a barge collided with a tanker at New Orleans .
As for inclement weather , at the time McCain would have been taking center - stage on the oil rig , Hurricane Dolly , a Category 2 storm , was making landfall at the Texas - Mexico border about 600 miles away .
John McCain 's campaign is placing increasing importance on its emphasis of allowing offshore drilling and drilling in the Alaskan National Wildlife Refuge as a means to reduce US dependence on foreign oil , and public support has been increasing , finds a recent Wall Street Journal / Washington Post poll .
Yet yesterday , when a barge on the Mississippi river at New Orleans , was ' T - boned ' an oil tanker -- snapping the barge in half on impact and causing a 419,000 gallon oil spill -- the GOP candidate became a bit shy of the issue .
On July 23 , said Politico , " Weather permitting , McCain will helicopter from Louisiana to an oil rig in the Gulf Coast to make the case for expanded off - shore drilling ... "
The spill caused authorities to close about 29 miles of the river , from New Orleans straight through the Gulf of Mexico , reports the Times - Picayune .
No sooner than the announcement of the spill , McCain 's campaign announced the cancellation of the candidate 's visit to the rig , citing ' weather . '
Latest reports on Dolly state that it has been downgraded to a Tropical Storm , but its landfall triggered severe flooding and 10 plus inches of rain overnight along the Texas - Mexico border .
The storm also affected oil refineries and gas output from the region .
" Potential impacts on commercial transportation of grain , oil and other cargoes were being evaluated as about 60 vessels were backed up awaiting clearance to move , a Coast Guard spokesman said " in a published report .
" There are still no estimates of when the vital shipping channel linking New Orleans ' port with grain elevators , refineries , coal terminals and other commercial facilities upriver will reopen , the Coast Guard said . "
READ THE REST .
( with wire reports )
It was a decade ago Kenny Anderson , then a Boston Celtics point guard , set a standard that has helped define the filthy - rich silliness of NBA players .
With the league two months into a lockout , Anderson lamented times were so tight , he might have to pare down his fleet of luxury automobiles .
He confided to The New York Times he owned eight cars , including a Porsche , a Lexus and a Range Rover .
He was thinking of shedding a Benz .
Seen 10 years down a prosperous road , Anderson 's parking garage looks downright quaint .
With the average player 's salary having approximately doubled in a decade to $ 5.36 million ( U.S. ) , the definition of NBA excess has become , well , more excessive .
" I 've seen ( an NBA player ) having two cars a day to drive .
You know , 14 cars , " said Raptors sharpshooter Jason Kapono the other day .
" Think about how absurd it is .
You say 14 cars .
All right , you may have some kids , a family of nine .
But a single guy having 14 cars ?
" It 's one thing if Bill Gates wants to do that .
But when you 're 22 years old and you do n't even have kids yet , it 's not good . "
Kapono , then , was n't the least bit surprised when a representative of the NBA Players '
Association addressed the Raptors recently on matters of financial prudence .
A statistic was cited during the meeting that startled some of the hoopsters .
It was said that 60 per cent of retired NBA players go broke five years after their NBA paycheques stop arriving .
" How could that be ? " said Jamario Moon , the Raptors rookie .
" I do n't want to believe that stat . "
But that stat , used by the players ' association to get the attention of young millionaires , is thought to be an educated estimate .
" Sixty per cent is a ballpark .
But we 've seen a lot of guys who 've really come into hard times five years after they leave the league , " said Roy Hinson , the former NBA forward who 's a representative for the players ' association .
" The problems are , for a lot of guys , they have a lot of cars , they have multiple houses , they 're taking care of their parents .
They 're taking care of a whole host of issues .
And the cheques are n't coming in anymore . "
Experienced players like Kapono , who has played on four different teams in his five - year tenure , were not surprised by the number .
" You see how guys live , " said Kapono .
" A lot of players get in trouble because they want everyone around them to lead the same lifestyle .
So you fall into a hole .
You buy this big house now for those people , and they no longer want to drive the low - end car to go with the big house .
So the big house leads to the big car , to the better clothes , to the better restaurants and stuff .
It 's a snowball effect .
That 's why the stat is n't as shocking , because I 've witnessed it . "
It 's not just the spending , it 's the scamming .
Hinson – who , as it happens , said he knows of a current NBA player who owns 15 cars – said unwitting athletes have been charged as much as $ 5,000 a month for bill - paying services and as much as a $ 100,000 to have their taxes prepared by unscrupulous agents and business managers .
" If you never check up on someone , " said Raptors guard Darrick Martin , " you become a target . "
Public stories of NBAers in financial trouble occasionally make headlines .
Back in October , Jason Caffey , who made an estimated $ 29 million during his eight - year NBA career , was in bankruptcy court seeking protection from his creditors , among them the seven women with whom he fathered eight children .
And late last year Latrell Sprewell , who famously turned up his nose at a $ 21 million contract offer – " I 've got to feed my family , " was the money quote – had a yacht worth more than $ 1 million repossessed .
Hinson said the problems go far deeper than the headlines .
The players ' association has long recommended a financial firm that offers players free second opinions on their financial particulars , but getting players to act is a challenge .
" Sometimes you can stop the bleeding , and other times you can't stop the bleeding , " said Hinson , who added that many players associate with " too many `yes ' people . "
" Sometimes you need someone to say , ` No , you can't buy that . '
I fell prey to that myself , and I know a lot of people I played with who had the same problem , " said Hinson , whose 10 - year career ended in the early 1990s .
" It takes a strong constitution and a good team of advisors around you to make sure you 're doing the right things . "
Common sense and honest advocates are sometimes in short supply in NBA circles , but they do exist .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" My approach is I want to enjoy my life for the long term , and I want my family and my kids to be able to enjoy it , " said Kapono , 26 .
" So there 's a fine line between extravagance and having fun and enjoying it at a reasonable rate .
" Going above and beyond is n't worth it .
I do n't want to be a part of that 60 per cent that 's in trouble five years down the road .
It 's a short career and I 'm blessed to be earning a great salary playing basketball .
But if it ended , my contract only takes me to age 30 .
Life expectancy is 80 - plus .
So I 've got another 50 years .
" Do I really need to buy another car ? "
Depending on an individual ’s perspective , some sports outside professional leagues can be classified as weird .
North Americans are n’t too fond of cricket and even a few South Americans have n’t even heard of hockey .
The following sports go beyond the boundaries of unusual sports when it comes to rules and equipment .
Weird Sport # 1 . The Ultimate Test : Man v.s. Horse
If you thought the sport had anything to do with strength , then you ’re wrong .
The annual Man Versus Horse Marathon requires stamina and agility .
Taking place in the Welsh town of Llanwrtyd Wells , the marathon puts human contestants up against mounted horse contestants .
The event started in 1980 , when a landlord decided to hold the event after hearing two men arguing about whether or not an individual could beat a horse in a cross country race .
Source : BBC News
Weird Sport # 2 . Where Love Is The Key To Success
First introduced in Finland , wife carrying is an actual sport where male competitors race while carrying a female teammate .
The objective is for the male to carry the female through a special obstacle course in the fastest time .
Major competitions are held in Sonkajarvi , Finland , Monona , Wisconsin and in Marquette , Michigan .
Talk about tough love .
Source : Sky News
Weird Sport # 3 . Going For A Different Kind Of Swim
Even though it does seem kind of gross , bog snorkelling is a sporting event where competitors swim in a water - filled trench cut through a peat bog .
Competitors must wear snorkels and flippers and can only complete the course by swimming with their flippers and not using traditional swimming techniques .
The World Bog Snorkelling Championships take place every August Bank Holiday in a dense peat bog near Llanwrtyd Wells , in Wales .
Source : Bog Snorkelling Wales
Weird Sport # 4 . Putting Your Toe To Good Use
A popular activity for children , toe wrestling is now a competitive sport .
The World Toe Wrestling Competition first started at a pub in Derbyshire , UK in 1976 .
Locals thought it would be a great idea to hold a competition where individuals lock toes together and force their opponent ’s foot to the ground .
The organizers applied in 1997 to get the sport included in the Olympics , but unfortunately , it was not accepted .
Source : BBC News
Weird Sport # 5 . Another Use For Those Fists Of Steel
Despite not being well - renowned in the media , fistball is an old sport that ’s practiced all over the world .
Like tennis and volleyball , the purpose of the sport is to hit the ball with your fist or arm and place it in the opponent ’s half where they wo n’t get to it .
After passing the net , the ball may be contacted up to three times ( bounces are allowed ) by the five players on each team .
The sport is played indoors and outdoors and is featured in The World Games .
Source : US Handball Association
Weird Sport # 6 . Taking Underwater Sports To The Next Level
Octopush ( also known as underwater hockey ) is a non-contact sport where two teams compete to maneuver a puck across the bottom of a swimming pool and into “ goals ” .
Just like hockey but underwater , the game has actually become popular in countries like theUK , Australia , Canada , New Zealand and South Africa .
Source : The British Octopush Association
Weird Sport # 7 . Reinventing A Childhood Sport
Even though it ’s not entirely unusual , the fact that there is a kickball league is fun , yet weird .
The popular playground game has now become a competitive sport with the creation of the World Adult Kickball Association .
Source : World Adult Kickball Association
Weird Sport # 8 . Combining Brains And Brawn
If you ’re looking for a sport that combines using your strength as well as intelligence , then chess boxing is for you .
The sport is a combination of boxing and chess with the different games alternating after each round .
A match between two individuals lasts up to eleven rounds , starting with a four minute chess round and followed by two minutes of boxing .
The sport is governed by the World Chess Boxing Organization whose motto is :
“ Fighting is done in the ring and wars are waged on the board ”
Source : World Chess Boxing Organization
Weird Sport # 9 . Finding Out Who 's Faster : You Or Cheese
Cheese rolling is probably one of the simplest sports out there .
From the top of hill , a round of Double Gloucester cheese is rolled and competitors chase after it .
The first individual across the finish line at the bottom of the hill wins ( the cheese of course ) .
Competitors aim to catch the rolling cheese but this rarely happens as it has a one second head start and can reach speeds up to 112 km / hr .
In 1997 , the cheese took a wrong turn down the hill and accidentally injured a spectator .
Source : Cheese Rolling
Weird Sport # 10 .
Putting Testosterone To Good Use
Facial hair can certainly make a man more masculine , but a competition ?
The World Beard And Moustache Championships is a biennial competition where men show off their extraordinary beards and moustaches .
Categories include Dali moustache , goatee and full beard freestyle .
If only the competitors played in rock bands .
Source : World Bear And Moustache Championships
Which one do you think is the weirdest sport ?
Are there any other weird sports you know of ?
* * *
SEE ALSO : 10 College Mascots That Are Really Strange
SEE ALSO : 10 of the World 's Geekiest Sports Gadgets and Garments
Craig Ferguson Hosts White House Correspondents Dinner ( Photos and Video )
The guest list for the dinner included plenty of VIPs from outside the Beltway : Actors Ben Affleck , Jennifer Garner , John Cusack , Pamela Anderson and Claire Danes , singers Ashlee Simpson and the Jonas Brothers and author Salman Rushdie were among the invitees .
Washington 's power elite was still well represented , with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia and Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff in attendance .
Washington D.C. and Hollywood collided last night for the annual White House Correspondents Association dinner wherenoted , " interesting crowd , " " Just think - andin the same room .
Is n't that a sign of the apocalypse ? " , host of CBS " Late Late Show , " who became a U.S. citizen in February , hosted the event
We atwere unable to attend due to some mix up , it seems , with the post office .
Apparently our invitations got lost in the mail .
View video of Craig Ferguson at the White House Correspondents dinner below .
View highlights of the evening at Post Chronicle .
photos source : Dallas Morning News and C - Span
Hollywood actress Gwyneth Paltrow showed off her vocal talents at a charity karaoke show in London - after a $ 90,000 ( GBP45,000 ) bid prompted her to take to the stage .
Paltrow was taking part in the Karaoke With The Stars event on Thursday ( 29Jun08 ) night at the city 's famous Ronnie Scott 's jazz bar - helping raise money Palestinian refugee children .
And the Iron Man star 's offer to sing attracted the highest amount of bids , with Paltrow eventually stepping up to the microphone for a rendition of Roberta Flack 's classic Killing Me Softly .
Model - turned - actress Lily Cole also took to the stage , joining Bryan Ferry for a performance of his hit track Let 's Stick Together .
The event raised over $ 440,000 ( GBP220,000 ) for good causes .
Mr Trad once proposed to another woman with the consent of his wife , Hanefa , but the second marriage did not proceed .
" I certainly would not have entertained the thought of having a relationship without a religious marriage , and I thought the relationship with that person was developing to the stage where we had become too friendly , " he told the program .
" This idea of plural sexual relationships , it is not so much frowned upon by society as long as these people do n't say we want a polygamous relationship . "
Mr Trad 's mother was a third wife in a polygamous relationship overseas .
He said women were choosing to enter such relationships and had admiration and respect for one another .
" In a sense , it 's a compliment to the original partner that if he did n't find marriage to be so good , why would he go into it again , " he said .
" In a sense , he 's saying that his first wife has made life like heaven for him , so he 's willing to provide the same service , love and support to a second woman . "
Mrs Trad said many people in polygamous marriages kept it a secret , not only because it was illegal , but because society did not accept it .
Asked if it was just about wanting sex with more women , she said : " It can be , but having it in the right way instead of having it ( with ) a prostitute or just date . "
AAP
So , there ’s a nicely over - stated title to get me rolling …
Warren Ellis posted today about the Patchwork Years of the Internet , and how the “ link curation ” style of blogging — Jorn Barger ’s Robot Wisdom , for example — is kind of a historical artefact , that BoingBoing and a handful of others have this taken care of .
Most people are shifting to a more personal style of blogging — either the ever - popular navel - gazing , sending short messages , or linking to friends ’ work .
Or hiding behind walls , where we ca n’t see or interact with them .
There ’s a certain amount of truth to this , but also a couple of missing pieces here .
The first is that , like with most media , there ’s only room at the top for a few broad , “ general interest ” blogs .
Those slots are already taken , so most curatorship blogs are focused on niche topics — of which there are now huge numbers , each with their own particular hierarchy of “ A - list ” “ power blogger ” “ microcelebrities ” or whatever you want to bandy about .
When I launched Voluminous , you can bet I researched the “ Apple software ” blog niche to try and figure out how best to get the word out to people ( with mixed results ) .
You can find similar niches for everything from cute pictures of animals to … whatever it is monoscope does .
The second is the rise of the social aggregators .
I suspect people are more likely to post a link on Reddit or Digg , than to their own blog .
Apart from anything else , for most people , the site will get more coverage that way .
It ’s also less effort — maybe just clicking a single button , if you have it bookmarked .
There ’s a sense in which they are in direct competition with , and antithetical to , curated blogs .
If you link to something indirectly — eg link to BoingBoing ’s coverage of X , instead of X — the aggregator crowd generally gets angry .
There ’s never any credit to the discoverer , except in some nebulous points system within the social aggregator itself , that ’s essentially worthless in the wider world .
By contrast , when curating , it ’s standard practice to give credit ( and considered rude not to ) , and common to link to curators ’ blogs for the commentary or context they provide .
The only context provided by the aggregators is in the comments thread attached to each post , which are both somewhat insular and , for various social reasons , often require vaccination before you enter .
The Goog
So what ?
It ’s more convenient , right ?
And it ’s “ democratised ” !
A site does n’t have to somehow wheedle the attention of Powerblogger McLinksfast to zip around the internet — it ’s in the hands of the people !
That ’s good , right ?
The problem is that links are the currency of the internet .
Do you remember internet search , before Google ?
Even if we skip past the search engines that were outright auctioning off results placement to the highest bidder , and go straight to the decent , upstanding engines — they still sucked .
Either they searched a tiny subset of the net and you never found a damn thing , or they searched everything — and found everything , and threw that everything in your face , in a big sticky undifferentiated mess .
I ’m not going to rehash in detail how Google fixed this — is there anyone left who does n’t know how PageRank works ?
All this article needs is : it ’s all about links ; mo links = mo ranking ; a link from a highly - ranked site is worth more to your rank than from a nobody — but lots of nobodies added together is still useful .
People like to complain about Google , but they did make it possible to find things on the internet again , and that ’s valuable .
And this is where curatorship blogs come in .
Their value is n’t necessarily in the human readership , which may well consist of the writer ’s mum , best friend , and a handful of squirrels .
They have additional value in that each link is a vote for the target .
Because there ’s another reader : The Goog .
One Link One Vote
A link from an aggregator is just that :
One link .
Does n’t matter if it has a bajillion upvotes or diggs or group hugs , it ’s still just one link , and every post from the front - page hot topic to the spammers ’ linkfarm on page 482 has the same value as far as The Goog is concerned .
So why not use those rankings as weightings ?
Basically , because they are ( or can be , trivially ) rigged .
They fluctuate like crazy .
People play games with them .
Remember , it just takes one click to submit or upvote a link , there are botfarms and paid services to vote you up , and the same again to go around downvoting everyone else so you stand out .
Ugh .
It ’s more effort to set up and post to a blog about something .
More effort means if you bothered , then that link is more valuable to you .
Sure , it ’s not like the net is n’t full of spamblogs , too .
But because they are websites , with a certain amount of infrastructure surrounding them and a certain amount of transparency implied by that , it ’s easier to analyse them for at least a basic minimum standard of legitimacy .
This is Matt Cutts ’ territory .
It ’s that all - important context again .
A link on an aggregator is just a drop in an ocean of links with nothing to distinguish it .
A blog has lots of sources of “ side - band ” information :
When was it set up ?
How frequently does it update ?
On what sort of topics ?
Who else does it link to ?
Do other people link to it ?
Are those people legitimate ?
Has care and attention been paid to its HTML ?
Does it contain relevant keywords ?
These and many other clues help determine whether a link should count as a vote or not .
None of this is available on an aggregator .
It ’s not just for The Goog ’s benefit , either .
Those clues are useful to the human observer .
It ’s the context , again .
You know that Cory is going to link to Disney World news and decry the abuse of intellectual property law , or that Warren is going to post pictures of voluptuous women of his acquaintance , or that Gruber is going to complain if the typography is n’t up to scratch , so when you see some news , you have some idea of what their biases might be , and make judgements accordingly .
An aggregator strips all this bare , and leaves just ( largely sensationalist ) headlines .
The Practical Upshot
So , I do n’t really believe the title of this post .
Warren ’s really just advocating actually writing about stuff instead of just linking to it .
And for my own part , I do skim “ socially aggregated news sites ” every day .
But I do also think that there ’s potential for the quality of search to go down if too much of the web ’s “ social currency ” is exchanged on mostly centralised and anonymised sites , instead of spread out across the open internet .
The structure of the web comes from its links and I think people should pay attention to how these form , cluster and grow .
Anyway , this is all wildly off - topic for the Wooji Juice blog , but I woke up at about 4 am this morning and this was rattling around in my skull while the anemic sun rose .
As the crisis worsens for mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson is insisting that any potential government rescue plan not benefit the companies ' shareholders , according to people familiar with the matter .
The two stockholder - owned , government - sponsored companies , whose operations are vital to the functioning of the U.S. housing market , faced a severe crisis of confidence after a week in which their stocks each lost nearly half their value .
On Friday , Freddie Mac finished the day at $ 7.75 a share , and Fannie Mae at $ 10.25 .
The discussions at Treasury highlight the dilemma created by the financial crisis gripping the U.S : Some institutions are considered too big to fail , but propping them up could erode the market 's incentive to properly judge risk by offering investors a false sense of security .
After a week of near panic among shareholders of the two companies -- and a stomach - churning day on Wall Street Friday -- the next big test will come Monday when Freddie Mac is due to sell $ 3 billion of short - term debt .
An unsuccessful sale could be a major blow to investor confidence .
If the administration were to intervene , it could do so before markets opened that day , according to a person familiar with the deliberations .
A pair of toy - crazed parents in Sweden recently won a landmark battle to name their son " Lego , " after the popular plastic brick .
The set of Swedish 'rents had been told the name was off - limits , but the ruling was overturned by the Swedish Administrative Court of Appeals , according to The Telegraph .
Apparently , getting the go - ahead was no easy feat .
In Sweden , parents are prohibited from giving their offspring legal names that are deemed offensive , unsuitable or inappropriate .
This policy also bans couples from picking names that might one day embarrass their young .
In 1996 , a boy was named " Brfxxccxxmnpcccclllmmnprxvclmnckssqlbb11116 "
( pronounced Albin ) to protest the law , the paper reported .
Similarly colorful names that have failed to get the court 's green light include " Metallica " ( for a boy ) and " Elvis " ( for a girl ) .
Photo via Lego.com
[ via Newslite ]
See also :
The use of a stun gun on a Polish immigrant was caught on camera The Royal Canadian Mounted Police are using stun guns too often and their use should be temporarily banned if levels are not curbed , a watchdog has said .
Its report , prompted by the death of a Polish immigrant stunned by police last year , said the guns should only be used against " combative " people .
It also recommended that officers seek immediate medical attention for people they shock with the devices .
There are an estimated 2,000 to 3,000 stun guns available to Canadian police .
Public outrage Paul Kennedy , who led the review by the police force 's watchdog , the Commission for Public Complaints ( CPC ) , called for " a more conservative use " of stun guns , also known as Tasers .
See how a Taser works Mr Kennedy said that if the police could not account for the use of the weapon , or properly instruct officers on appropriate use , " then such use should be prohibited until prompt and strict accountability and training measures can be fully implemented " .
The review was initiated after amateur video emerged showing Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers fire a stun gun at least twice at Robert Dziekanski , a Polish immigrant , who died shortly afterwards .
Mr Dziekanski spoke no English and had become agitated after waiting in a secure area of the airport for 10 hours .
The police were heavily criticised for their treatment of Mr Dziekanski .
The police say that the guns allow an officer to subdue a violent individual without resorting to a lethal firearm .
Click here to return
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The first commercial car to be powered by compressed air could be about to hit the production lines , as Indian automaker Tata Motors prepares to build ex-Formula One engineer Guy Nègre 's design .
We 're not certain if it 's the same air car that we hit just under three years ago , but if it is , it 's about time !
The City Cat runs on nothing but compressed air -- which can be refueled at " air stations , " and overnight using a built - in compressor -- with a not too shabby top speed of 68MPH and a range of 125 miles .
The Air Car designers are working on a hybrid version that can compress air while it 's operating , potentially making cross-India journeys possible : Toyota Prius , eat your hybrid heart out .
As EcoGeek points out , the game ain't up just yet for completely emissions free travel since the problem of the source of the electricity ( usually acquired from fossil fuels ) has yet to be solved .
Plus , the fugly design really does n't do it any favours : why does " green " have to mean " gah ? " [ Via Digg
< Back to current issue of Immigration Daily < Back to current issue of Immigrant 's Weekly ERROR !
Electronic Employment Verification Systems : What Will Happen When Citizens Have To Ask The Government For Permission To Work ? by Immigration Policy Center Many on Capitol Hill are eyeing favorably bills that create a massive electronic employment database .
While proponents of the Shuler - Tancredo " SAVE Act " ( HR 4088 ) and the Johnson " New Employee Verification Act of 2008 " ( HR 5515 ) talk tough about cracking down on illegal immigrants , the truth is their bills ’ nationwide mandatory electronic employment verification system require all American workers , foreign - and native - born alike , to seek the government ’s permission to work .
If the government database is n’t accurate , Americans will be denied employment and paychecks , at least temporarily , while they attempt to resolve the problem with the government agencies .
The proposed bills build upon the E - Verify program , a small pilot program that taps Social Security Administration ( SSA ) and Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) databases to make determinations about employment authorization .
Here is what we know about the databases and what we can expect if these bills are passed : Errors in the database that E - Verify checks to determine work authorization status impact millions .
4.1 % : error rate in the SSA database 17.8 million : number of discrepancies in the SSA database 12.7 million : number of database discrepancies pertaining to native - born U.S. citizens 1 in 25 : number of new hires that would receive a tentative nonconfirmation based on error rates 55 million : approximate number of new hires per year in the U.S. 11,000 : number of workers per day who would be flagged as ineligible for employment if E - Verify were mandatory for all employers 25 : workers per work day per congressional district who would be flagged as ineligible for employment if the Shuler or Johnson bill passed , making E - Verify mandatory for all employers
If the Shuler or Johnson bills are passed , E - Verify would have to be expanded exponentially in a short time period .
55,000 : the number of employers currently enrolled in E - Verify 7 million : the approximate number of employers in the U.S. 13,000 % : approximate increase from number of current users 6,500 : approximate number of employers per day ( including weekends and holidays ) that would have to enroll in E - Verify to meet the Johnson bill requirement of enrollment of all employers within 3 years .
4,800 per day to meet the Shuler bill 4 - year requirements .
50 - 60 million : number of queries per year E - Verify would have to respond to if the Johnson or Shuler bill were enacted 3.6 million : number of queries E - Verify received in 2007 Impact on the Social Security Administration if E - Verify were made mandatory for all employers 751,676 : number of cases waiting for decisions on disability claims today 499 : average number of days a person waits for a disability claim decision today 50 % : percentage of calls to SSA field offices that receive a busy signal today 78 million : number of baby boomers soon to be eligible for Social Security retirement benefits 1 million : increase in the number of claims submitted to SSA per year for the next ten years due to the retirement of baby boomers 3.6 million : number of extra visits or calls to SSA field offices if the " SAVE Act " or the " New Employee Verification Act " were to make E - Verify mandatory 2,000 - 3,000 : number of work years SSA would need to address increases in demand Employers in the voluntary pilot program misuse E - Verify .
A 2007 evaluation of E - Verify commissioned by DHS found that : 47 % : employers who improperly put workers through E - Verify before the employees ’ first day of work .
22 % : employers who restricted work assignments based on tentative nonconfirmations 16 % : employers who delayed job training based on tentative non-confirmations Sources : Harper , Jim .
" Electronic Employment Eligibility Verification : Franz Kafka ’s Solution to Illegal Immigration . "
Washington , DC : CATO Institute , March 5 , 2008 .
http://www.cato.org/pubs/pas/pa-612.pdf
Office of the Inspector General , Social Security Administration , " Accuracy of the Social Security Administration ’s Numident File , " Congressional Response Report A-08-06-26100 , December 2006 , http://www.socialsecurity.gov/oig/ADOBEPDF/audittxt/A-08-06-26100.htm
Westat , " Interim Findings of the Web - Based Basic Pilot Evaluation , " Report submitted to U.S. Department of Homeland Security , Washington , DC , December 2006 , p.III - 15 , http://www.uscis.gov/files/nativedocuments/WestatInterimReport.pdf
O'Carroll , Jr. , Patrick .
Reducing the Disability Backlog at the Social Security Administration .
Testimony before the U.S. House Appropriations Committee , subcommittee on labor , health , and human services , and education and related agencies February 28 , 2008 .
http://www.ssa.gov/oig/communications/testimony_speeches/02282008testimony.htm
Warsinskey , Richard .
Testimony before the U.S. House Appropriations Committee , Subcommittee on Labor , Health , and Human Services , and Education and Related Agencies ( National Council of Social Security Management Associations , Inc. , Feb 8 , 2008 ) , http://socsecperspectives.blogspot.com/2008/02/social-security-advocacy-group-written.html.
About The Author
Immigration Policy Center is the research arm of the American Immigration Law Foundation ( AILF ) .
IPC was established in 2003 with the mission to provide policymakers , academics , the media , and the general public with access to accurate information about the effects of immigration on the U.S. economy and society .
This report was published by the Immigration Policy Center .
For more resources on the role of immigrants and immigration policy in the U.S. , visit their website at www.immigrationpolicy.org.
The opinions expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect the opinion of ILW .
COM .
Consequence
Only After the Struggle Is Over Will We Know Just How Many of our Sacrifices were Completely Unnecessary .
Converting VW bus .
Photo by Emerson .
Cover photo of the author beside his veggie rig .
Converting your vehicle to run on veggie oil is a good move economically and environmentally .
And here ’s what BP and Exxon do n’t want you to know : it ’s not hard to do .
WOULDN ’T IT BE GREAT to pack - up the car or the SUV for a weekend excursion without fretting over the cost of fuel ?
Or take that road trip you and your friends keep talking about ?
All with no concern about pumping all of your hard - earned cash into the gas tank .
Heck , it would be great just to drive around town without that concern .
Here ’s how you can do it .
1. Commitment
This will not happen overnight .
Nor will it work if you just want something for nothing .
There are some up - front costs , but more importantly , it ’s the dedication of your time and energy that puts the money back in your pocket .
You ’re going to give up the quick convenience of the express station , so you have to truly believe in the value of what you ’re doing .
But once you make this determination , the hardest part is already done .
2 . The technology
The technology has existed for almost 100 years .
Rudolf Diesel designed his engine to run on corn oil that he had collected on his Iowa farm .
He wanted a more efficient way to run his farm machinery because gasoline had reached a staggering $ 0.05 per gallon !
Look it up yourself – the diesel engine was intentionally designed to operate on vegetable oil , not toxic petroleum byproducts .
And that ’s all you ’re going to do .
3. Sourcing your vegetable oil .
Every restaurant and probably most bars in your community are currently paying somebody else to come and haul away their waste vegetable oil from the fry - o - laters .
In your local supermarket , vegetable oil retails for about $ 10 / gallon , almost three times as expensive as regular unleaded gasoline these days .
You want free vegetable oil .
Well , every restaurant and probably most bars in your community are currently paying somebody else to come and haul away their waste vegetable oil from the fry - o - laters .
That ’s your source .
Develop a relationship with the manager or owner of local establishments .
Tell him or her that you ’re interested in collecting their waste vegetable oil .
Offer to do it for free .
Make sure they use NON - HYDROGENATED oil .
You do not want that creamy based oil .
You may have to supply them with a collection barrel , and you want to make sure the manager can depend on you to collect at regular intervals so he does n’t have to worry about it .
4. Processing the oil .
The oil that you collect is not ready to burn .
It must be heated and filtered .
You will need a couple of barrels ’ worth of space in a garage or basement where you can set - up your little processing station .
If you do n’t have the space , consider getting a co-op going with friends or other people in your community who do .
In any case , the system is not complicated , it just requires a little bit of money to set - up and then a regular bit of attention to generate usable oil .
There are many different methods for this process , but they all essentially involve heating the oil in one tank , then pumping it through some filtration device to a second tank .
The whole point is to remove any water and particles that have collected in the oil during use .
Lots of people have posted their processing plants on YouTube or other veggie forums such as Fryer to Fuel .
There is not ONE way to do it , and you will have to devise the best way for you to do it with regard to your space , time , and budget .
5. Lining up your vehicle .
Now you need the vehicle to utilize all of this wonderful , free oil .
Hopefully you are n’t terribly attached to whatever it is that you ’re driving now .
The decision to run on veggie oil limits the type of vehicle you can drive because only certain models are produced with a diesel engine .
Maybe you ’ll decide that , since you ’re going to be driving for free anyway , you might as well drive the biggest , baddest rig you can find .
The good news is that these models are quite nice .
Volkswagen has offered diesel versions of the Golf and the Jetta for years , and the list now includes the Passat .
And Mercedes has several sedan models and even a wagon with the available diesel .
And fortunately for the checkbook , you do n’t want a new one anyway .
The older models make better conversion candidates because the engine is less complicated .
A little bit of research ( check greasecar ) will turn - up a car you like that fits your budget .
Maybe you ’ll decide that , since you ’re going to be driving for free anyway , you might as well drive the biggest , baddest rig you can find .
The Big 3 American auto manufacturers produce diesel powered trucks and SUVs that also make excellent conversion candidates .
Again , the slightly older models offer a little more ease of conversion .
The bottom line is , you should be able to find a ride that makes you happy .
6. Conversion
Conversion kit .
Photo by Conversion kit .
Photo by Cody Simms
Now you have to tweak the fuel system to accommodate your veggie oil .
The major issue is temperature .
There are all kinds of conversion kits for sale from different companies on the internet .
They can cost as much as $ 4000.00 .
And they all insist that if you can read instructions you can install the kit yourself .
Or you can go to one of their authorized installers and drop another G for them to do it for you .
The money saves you the hassle of doing it yourself and buys you peace of mind and presumably customer service , should a problem arise .
The truth is that most of these kits are just a compilation of parts and pieces – hoses , gauges , valves – that you can buy cheaper from a direct source .
And if you or someone you know has any degree of comfort around an engine , then yes , you can convert your car yourself .
Just research .
Again , there are lots of community forums about converting to veggie oil , and even a bunch of videos on uTube .
It ’s the commitment issue again .
Understanding how the process works will give you the ability to address it .
7. Notes on cost
Nothing is truly free .
Assuming that you trade your current vehicle for one of equal value , the start - up cost for your alternative fuel program , including your processing plant and the conversion , will likely top $ 3000.00 even if you do it all yourself .
Again , a co-op is a good idea : you can gather people you trust to help curb the initial cost of the plant and to share collection duties and split time actually processing the oil .
If you spend $ 50 / week on fuel , it will take one year and two months for your program to pay for itself .
If you spend $ 50 / week on fuel , it will take one year and two months for your program to pay for itself .
And of course there ’s your time to collect and process the oil , plus the bit of energy needed to operate the plant .
Be sure to find out if your state has an alternative fuel road tax provision on the books too , so you can jump that hurdle .
And thereafter you ’re driving for free !
And in the meantime that ’s 50 bucks each week to take your girl out to dinner or contribute to your IRA or whatever .
Plus it ’s better for the environment , recycling oil and no carbon emissions .
And when you want to take that trip , the WVO Network , a nationwide community of veg - heads , will propel you around the country .
8. Drive !
This might all seem like too big a deal .
Well , putting several thousand dollars a year back in your pocket is a big deal .
Forgetting the major cost of road travel is a big deal .
Conserving resources and protecting the environment is a big deal .
Converting to veg allows you to contribute to softening a global crisis and improves your personal bottom line significantly over the long term .
The first time you flip that switch and you ’re running on straight veg , the headaches and expense of converting blow right out the tailpipe !
We have to have a talk about Barack Obama .
I know , I know .
You ’re upset .
You think the guy you fell in love with last spring is spending the summer flip - flopping his way to the right .
Drifting to the center .
Going all moderate on you .
So you ’re withholding the love .
Also possibly the money .
I feel your pain .
I just do n’t know what candidate you ’re talking about .
Think back .
Why , exactly , did you prefer Obama over Hillary Clinton in the first place ?
Their policies were almost identical  except his health care proposal was more conservative .
You liked Barack because you thought he could get us past the old brain - dead politics , right ?
He talked  and talked and talked  about how there were going to be no more red states and blue states , how he was going to bring Americans together , including Republicans and Democrats .
Exactly where did everybody think this gathering was going to take place ?
Left field ?
When an extremely intelligent politician tells you over and over and over that he is tired of the take - no - prisoners politics of the last several decades , that he is going to get things done and build a “ new consensus , ” he is trying to explain that he is all about compromise .
Even if he says it in that great Baracky way .
Here ’s a helpful story :
Once upon a time , there was a woman searching for a guy who was ready to commit .
One day , she met an attractive young man .
By Sarah Fenske
Any time I write about law enforcement issues , I get a spike in my inbox -- there are lots of you New Times readers who take civil liberties seriously , which is heartening .
( There are also apparently a boatload who 've been wrongfully arrested , which is not heartening at all . )
My column last week was about Heather Squires , a 29 - year - old Gilbert woman who was arrested for drunk driving , despite having a 0.00 blood alcohol content .
I found Squires ' story horrifying : Either she was targeted because her husband is a DUI attorney , or some police officers literally cannot see the difference between a drunk and someone who 's stone cold sober .
Either possibility is frightening .
And now one local expert has weighed in , suggesting the problem may be the latter option -- that the cops really are rounding up sober drivers .
" The Forensics Guy " is a criminalist who used to analyze blood tests for the Chandler police department .
( Today he runs an independent lab . )
In this blog post , he suggests that as many as 15 percent of all blood tests come back below the legal limit .
That 's really frightening stuff .
( How many of those people had the charges dropped without having to hire a lawyer first ?
I 'm guessing not many . )
But the Forensics Guy offers this advice for anyone who does get pulled over :
" The important part to remember from this article is that in Arizona at least , you do NOT have to perform [ Field Sobriety Tests ] , and you really should n’t .
There are no criteria for “ passing ” FSTs .
There are only criteria for failing them .
And if you do n’t “ fail ” the results are “ inconclusive ” .
...
Do n’t make your defense any harder than it already is going to be by giving them ammunition . "
Duly noted ...
One of Italy ’s top cops told a court Wednesday how , with meticulous detective work and substantial luck , he blew the lid off one of the Bush administration ’s most controversial counter - terrorism tactics .
Testifying in the trial of 26 Americans , most of them CIA operatives , who are accused of abducting a radical Egyptian cleric in Milan , the senior officer described tracking massive amounts of cellular telephone traffic to piece together Europe ’s only prosecution of the much - disputed practice known as extraordinary rendition .
The officer , Bruno Megale , recounted an astonishing tale of spies spying on spies .
Police , armed with judicial warrants , used cellphone logs , wiretaps and intercepted e-mails to ensnare a CIA station chief , a U.S. Air Force colonel , five American diplomats and officers from Italy ’s military intelligence service accused of collaborating with the Americans .
The Americans are being tried in absentia ; none are in Italy and none have acknowledged the proceedings in Milan ’s main courthouse .
For their 20 - plus court - appointed defense attorneys , one said , this is a trial of ghosts .
Advertisement
Megale , head of the Italian anti-terrorism police in Milan , said he and his agents first became aware of the disappearance of the cleric , known as Abu Omar , when his wife and friends reported him missing after he dropped out of sight Feb. 17 , 2003 .
They wondered , did Italian authorities have him ?
The Italians did n’t .
As is now known , Abu Omar was nabbed by an alleged CIA squad that threw him in a car , put him on a private jet at a U.S. military base in northern Italy and whisked him off to Egypt , where he has said he was tortured .
But Megale and the police were unaware of the CIA operation .
And so they began to try to find out who had kidnapped Abu Omar .
“ The sensation was that he had been kidnapped . . . .
We spoke of possibilities , of the Americans , the Egyptian [ security ] service .
. . , " Megale testified .
Advertisement
“ At first there were no definitive clues . ”
Megale and his agents interviewed people in Milan ’s large Muslim community , including a couple of people who saw Abu Omar being taken away .
But there was no real progress until 14 months later , when Abu Omar telephoned home from Egypt and told his wife and friends what had happened .
Before his disappearance , Abu Omar , whose full name is Hassan Osama Nasr , was being investigated by Megale ’s office for possible ties to radical groups sending Islamic militants to Iraq .
As part of that inquiry , police bugged the phones in Abu Omar ’s home and mosque .
When he called , the police listened , and jumped into action .
Megale obtained records of all cellphone traffic from the transmission tower nearest the spot where Abu Omar was abducted , for a 2 1/ 2 - hour period around the time he disappeared .
There were 2,000 calls .
Advertisement
Then , using a computer program , Megale was able to narrow down the pool by tracing the phones that had called each other , in other words , an indication of a group of people working together .
Seventeen phone numbers , which showed intensifying use around the time of the abduction , were pinpointed .
By following all other calls made from those phones , the investigators ultimately identified 60 numbers , including that of a CIA officer working undercover at the U.S. Embassy in Rome .
In his testimony , Megale revealed that one telephone number he recognized was that of Robert Seldon Lady , then - CIA station chief in Milan .
Lady and Megale had worked together in counter - terrorism investigations .
It was a number , Megale said somberly , that he and his team knew .
Megale and his agents then set about establishing that all the names to which the phones were registered were fictitious .
Most of the phones were activated about four months before the abduction and went out of service a few days after it .
Ultimately , with layer upon layer of cross- referencing , Megale identified 26 American suspects , although many of the names in the indictment are thought to be aliases .
Most of the details of Megale ’s testimony have already been reported in The Times and other newspapers .
But the blow - by - blow account represents the meat of the prosecution ’s case and was delivered by , arguably , its star witness , an unlikely figure destined to take down a major CIA operation .
Advertisement
In security circles , Megale is widely known as a prominent expert on Islamic terrorism , a field he has specialized in for a decade .
Yet he shuns the spotlight , is rarely quoted in news accounts and his public appearances are generally limited to courtrooms , where , as a lead investigator on numerous terrorism cases , he is often called to testify .
“ He knows all the names , all the connections , ” senior prosecutor Armando Spataro said .
“ Counter - terrorism officials all over the world want to know about him . ”
An owl - faced man with heavy brows who comes from Italy ’s poor south , Megale is discreet and fiercely serious .
He rarely smiles , or shows much emotion of any kind .
Senior Italian police officials in Milan have expressed resentment that the CIA nabbed Abu Omar without informing them and before their investigation of his activities had been completed .
Advertisement
If the prosecution ’s allegations are true , it would appear the American operatives informed not the police but the Italian military intelligence branch , a more politicized agency close to the prime minister ’s office and whose former head is among the Americans ’ codefendants in the trial .
--
wilkinson@latimes.com
Kpop music and video news Kpopmusic .co.uk are one of the original triad of kpop news agencies set up in early 2000 , we aim to provide the latest K - pop news and celebrity gossip from Korea .
We cater for millions of visitors world wide every month and aim to become one of the most sought after news networks for Korean news and reviews .
Why not help join us in reporting your latest news today in our submit news section .
The council said the true value of a tree was the pleasure it gave A tree in Surrey has been valued at £ 500,000 by the county council .
The Oak in Weybridge has been assessed according to its size , health , history and how many people live nearby .
The tree is thought to be about 300 years old but Surrey County Council said it would not be able to get an exact figure without damaging it .
Under a new valuation system brought in by the authority , the link between high value trees and subsidence must be proved before they can be felled .
Trees are often cut down after being blamed for subsidence , when other factors may be responsible .
' Pleasure it gives ' David Munro , of Surrey County Council , said : " We initially applied the process for its intended purpose of saving trees from being removed , as a response to subsidence claims .
" But in the wider context , establishing a tree 's value is useful to aid decision - making , such as when existing trees are under pressure from development . "
He added : " We would not be surprised if we find a more valuable tree than the Weybridge oak .
However , the monetary value of a tree is not the most important thing .
" The real value is its history and contribution to the environment and the amount of pleasure it gives our residents , which is considerable . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
We 've heard about people losing their vehicles in long - term parking , but this ridiculous .
A 189 - seat Boeing 727 has been sitting on the tarmac at Noi-Bai International Airport in Hanoi for six months .
As if that 's not weird enough , no one knows who it belongs to .
It 's just sitting there , forgotten , like an old sofa abandoned on the sidewalk .
We do know a few things about the mystery aircraft ...
The plane , a Boeing 727 , serial No. 20989 , once flown by American Airlines and registered as XU - RJK .
It 's made several trips between Hanoi and Siem Reap , Cambodia , and it had some sort of mechanical breakdown last year .
According to the BBC , airport officials allowed the plane to remain at the airport while repairs were made , but they were never done .
There are n't a lot of clues to go on .
The plane sports a Cambodian flag and the words " Air Dream " painted in nice big letters , but the International Air Traffic Association says there is no Air Dream Airlines based in Cambodia ( It would know ; it represents 94 percent of the world 's commercial carriers ) .
There 's some speculation the plane belonged to the now - bankrupt Khmer Air , and still more speculation that whoever owns the plane parked and ran to avoid paying the ground fees .
After all , it 's tough to charge someone for parking a plane at your airport if you can't find the person who owns it .
If no one steps forward to claim the plane , Vietnamese authorities say , it 'll be sold for scrap .
You can see a photo of the plane here , but since it 's copyrighted we had to use one of Boeing 's stock photos of a 727 .
OMAHA , Nebraska ( Reuters ) - Warren Buffett told shareholders of his Berkshire Hathaway Inc BRKa.NBRKb.N not to expect the out - sized gains his insurance and investment company has historically enjoyed , but they could still sleep well owning its stock over the long haul .
Billionaire financier and Berkshire Hathaway Chief Executive Warren Buffett attends a television interview during the annual shareholders ' meeting in Omaha , Nebraska May 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
“ There is absolutely no question ” that Berkshire ’s returns will decline , Buffett said .
“ Anyone that expects us to come close to replicating the past should sell their stock .
It is n’t going to happen .
I think we ’re going to get decent results over time , but we ’re not going to get indecent results . ”
The world ’s richest person offered his warming on Saturday at Berkshire ’s annual meeting in the Qwest Center in downtown Omaha , before what he called a record 31,000 shareholders .
Through 2007 , Berkshire had grown 21.1 percent a year since Buffett took over what was a failing textile maker in 1965 .
That is twice the gain in the Standard & Poor 's 500 .SPX , including dividends .
A Berkshire share that fetched about $ 12 in 1965 captures $ 133,600 now .
A Class B share costs 1/30th as much .
Berkshire has become a behemoth , with a roughly $ 207 billion market value and $ 281 billion asset base that makes it harder for any one business or investment to move the needle .
Shareholders , including new ones , seemed understanding .
“ I think it ’s a steady stock .
That ’s why I bought it , ” said Jane Hoffer , 53 , a middle school cafeteria worker from Lincoln , Nebraska who said she bought her 11 Class B shares in the last year .
“ I want something I can buy and keep and know that it ’s not going to go bad . ”
Buffett and Vice Chairman Charlie Munger spent five hours fielding questions from shareholders .
One , a nine - year - old boy , asked if they would buy the Chicago Cubs baseball team from Sam Zell ’s Tribune Co. ( Buffett said , in so many words , no . )
Thomas Kamei , 18 , said he was attending his 12th meeting and lined up to enter the Qwest Center at 3:50 a.m.
Several shareholders were ahead of him .
“ When you come back here , it ’s really great to get grounded again , ” said Kamei , who said he lives in San Francisco and will attend the University of Southern California in the fall .
AVOIDING CHAOS
Berkshire itself had an ordinary first quarter , as profit declined 64 percent .
Insurance premiums fell by more than half and Berkshire suffered a $ 1.7 billion pre-tax loss on contracts tied to junk bond credit quality and stock market indexes .
Buffett expects those contracts to be profitable long - term .
The billionaire said the U.S. Federal Reserve and its chairman , Ben Bernanke , did the " right thing " in coordinating the March purchase of troubled investment bank Bear Stearns Cos Inc BSC.N by JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM .N for a fire - sale price .
While acknowledging “ very interesting policy implications ” of a government saying a bank is too big to fail , Buffett said letting Wall Street ’s fifth - largest bank go bankrupt could have thrown financial markets into “ chaos . ”
But he said many big investment and commercial banks may be too big to manage effectively .
He distinguished three banks in which Berkshire has big stakes : Wells Fargo & Co WFC.N , U.S. Bancorp USB.N and Buffalo , New York 's M&T Bank Corp MTB.N .
“ In all three cases , I think I understand quite well the DNA of the institution , ” he said .
“ It does mean they ’re immune , in my view , from institutional stupidity . ”
Buffett , who draws a $ 100,000 salary to run Berkshire , also railed against chief executives who take in millions of dollars a year .
“ I do n’t know of any CEO that would n’t gladly do the job at half the price or a quarter of the price , ” he said .
That resonated with many shareholders .
“ The current state of corporate governance has little punishment to executives that make poor decisions , ” said Nathan Dapeer , 21 , who expects to graduate in June from Northwestern University with a degree in economics and political science .
“ They take big risks because they have huge upside . ”
TWO “ BOYS ”
Buffett said Berkshire still has three internal candidates to succeed him eventually as chief executive and four candidates to become chief investment officer .
Peter Silberstein , a 55 - year - old Omaha physician attending his third meeting , said Buffett and Munger are role models .
“ We are very impressed with Warren and Charlie with their humor , intelligence and ethics , ” he said .
“ The future is also uncertain .
It ’s not certain how long these two boys are going to be around . ”
Buffett is 77 , and Munger is 84 .
A sense of propriety is what Buffett said helped lead Mars Inc , the maker of M&Ms and Snickers bars , to seek his help in agreeing last week to buy chewing gum maker Wm Wrigley Jr Co WWY .N for $ 23 billion .
Berkshire kicked in $ 6.5 billion .
“ They only wanted to deal with Berkshire , ” Buffett said .
And Buffett said Mars wanted a sure commitment , following the recent collapse of several big mergers because of tight credit markets .
That was not a problem because Buffett believes in sticking to commitments .
Even , he added , if New York City is hit with a nuclear bomb , a flu epidemic breaks out , or “ Ben Bernanke runs off to South America with Paris Hilton . ”
Disney to Lay Off About 28,000 From Theme Parks in U.S. Walt Disney cited continuing restrictions due to the Covid - 19 pandemic , particularly its inability to reopen Disneyland in Southern California .
The workers had been on furlough since April , and about two - thirds are part - time employees .
Covid Rewrites the Disney Playbook
◆ WSJ News Exclusive NextEra Energy Made Takeover Approach to Duke Energy NextEra Energy recently made a takeover approach to Duke Energy , according to people familiar with the matter , testing the waters for what would be a $ 60 billion - plus combination of two southern utilities .
◆ WSJ News Exclusive Boeing to Move All 787 Dreamliner Production to South Carolina Boeing will set plans this week to consolidate 787 Dreamliner assembly in South Carolina , people familiar with the matter said , ending production of that jetliner in Washington state .
Below is a copy of the letter written on the On September 10 , 2007 by Teng Biao and Hu Jia , issued the open letter calling for the international community to look beyond the veneer of munificence and normality put up in Beijing for the Olympics , and to seriously examine to what extent China had fulfilled the promises it made to improve human rights ahead of the Games .
( Taken from HRW ) .
The Real China and the Olympics
On July 13th 2001 , when Beijing won the right to host the 2008 Olympic Games , the Chinese government promised the world it would improve China ’s human rights record .
In June 2004 , Beijing announced its Olympic Games slogan , “ One World , One Dream . ”
From their inception in 1896 , the modern Olympic Games have always had as their mission the promotion of human dignity and world peace .
China and the world expected to see the Olympic Games bring political progress to the country .
Is Beijing keeping its promises ?
Is China improving its human rights record ?
When you come to the Olympic Games in Beijing , you will see skyscrapers , spacious streets , modern stadiums and enthusiastic people .
You will see the truth , but not the whole truth , just as you see only the tip of an iceberg .
You may not know that the flowers , smiles , harmony and prosperity are built on a base of grievances , tears , imprisonment , torture and blood .
We are going to tell you the truth about China .
We believe that for anyone who wishes to avoid a disgraceful Olympics , knowing the truth is the first step .
Fang Zheng , an excellent athlete who holds two national records for the discus throw at China ’s Special Sport Games , has been deprived of the opportunity to participate in the 2008 Paralympics because he has become a living testimony to the June 4 , 1989 massacre .
That morning , in Tiananmen Square , his legs were crushed by a tank while he was rescuing a fellow student .
In April 2007 , the Ministry of Public Security issued an internal document secretly strengthening a political investigation which resulted in forbidding Olympics participation by 43 types of people from 11 different categories , including dissidents , human rights defenders , media workers , and religious participants .
The Chinese police never made the document known to either the Chinese public or the international community .
Huge investment in Olympic projects and a total lack of transparency have facilitated serious corruption and widespread bribery .
Taxpayers are not allowed to supervise the use of investment amounting to more than US $ 40 billion .
Liu Zhihua , formerly in charge of Olympic construction and former deputy mayor of Beijing , was arrested for massive embezzlement .
To clear space for Olympic - related construction , thousands of civilian houses have been destroyed without their former owners being properly compensated .
Brothers Ye Guozhu and Ye Guoqiang were imprisoned for a legal appeal after their house was forcibly demolished .
Ye Guozhu has been repeatedly handcuffed and shackled , tied to a bed and beaten with electric batons .
During the countdown to the Olympic Games he will continue to suffer from torture in Chaobei Prison in Tianjin .
It has been reported that over 1.25 million people have been forced to move because of Olympic construction ; it was estimated that the figure would reach 1.5 million by the end of 2007 .
No formal resettlement scheme is in place for the over 400,000 migrants who have had their dwelling places demolished .
Twenty percent of the demolished households are expected to experience poverty or extreme poverty .
In Qingdao , the Olympic sailing city , hundreds of households have been demolished and many human rights activists as well as “ civilians ” have been imprisoned .
Similar stories come from other Olympic cities such as Shenyang , Shanghai and Qinhuangdao .
In order to establish the image of civilized cities , the government has intensified the ban against and detention and forced repatriation of petitioners , beggars and the homeless .
Some of them have been kept in extended detention in so - called shelters or have even been sent directly to labor camps .
Street vendors have suffered brutal confiscation of their goods by municipal agents .
On July 20 , 2005 , Lin Hongying , a 56 - year - old woman farmer and vegetable dealer , was beaten to death by city patrols in Jiangsu .
On November 19 , 2005 , city patrols in Wuxi beat 54 - year - old bicycle repairman Wu Shouqing to death .
In January 2007 , petitioner Duan Huimin was killed by Shanghai police .
On July 1 , 2007 , Chen Xiaoming , a Shanghai petitioner and human rights activist , died of an untreated illness during a lengthy detention period .
On August 5 , 2007 , right before the one - year Olympics countdown , 200 petitioners were arrested in Beijing .
China has consistently persecuted human rights activists , political dissidents and freelance writers and journalists .
The blind activist Chen Guangcheng , recipient of the 2007 Ramon Magsaysay Award and named in 2006 by Time Magazine as one of the most influential 100 people shaping our world , is still serving his sentence of four years and three months for exposing the truth of forced abortion and sterilization .
The government refused to give him the Braille books and the radio that his relatives and friends brought to Linyi prison in Shandong .
Chen has been beaten while serving his sentence .
On August 24 , 2007 , Chen ’s wife , Yuan Weijing , was kidnapped by police at the Beijing airport while waiting to fly to the Philippines to receive the Ramon Magsaysay Award on behalf of her husband .
On August 13 , 2007 , activist Yang Chunlin was arrested in Heilongjiang and charged with subversion of state power “ for initiating the petition ‘ Human Rights before Olympics . ’ ”
China still practices literary inquisition and holds the world record for detaining journalists and writers , as many as several hundred since 1989 according to incomplete statistics .
As of this writing , 35 Chinese journalists and 51 writers are still in prison .
Over 90 percent were arrested or tried after Beijing ’s successful bid for the Olympics in July 2001 .
For example , Shi Tao , a journalist and a poet , was sentenced to ten years in prison because of an e-mail sent to an overseas website .
Dr. Xu Zerong , a scholar from Oxford University who researched the Korean War , was sentenced to 13 years ’ imprisonment for “ illegally providing information abroad . ”
Qingshuijun ( Huang Jinqiu ) , a freelance writer , was sentenced to a 12 - year term for his online publications .
Some writers and dissidents are prohibited from going abroad ; others from returning to China .
Every year in mainland China , countless websites are closed , blogs deleted , sensitive words filtered .
Many websites hosted abroad are blocked .
Overseas radio and television programs are interfered with or strictly prohibited .
Although the Chinese government has promised media freedom for foreign journalists for 22 months , before , during , and after the Beijing Olympics , and ending on October 17 , 2008 , an FCCC ( Foreign Correspondents Club in China ) survey showed that 40 percent of foreign correspondents have experienced harassment , detention or an official warning during news gathering in Beijing and other areas .
Some reporters have complained about repeated violent police interference at the time they were speaking with interviewees .
Most seriously , Chinese interviewees usually become vulnerable as a result .
In June 2006 , Fu Xiancai was beaten and paralyzed after being interviewed by German media .
In March 2007 , Zheng Dajing was beaten and arrested after being interviewed by a British TV station .
Religious freedom is still under repression .
In 2005 , a Beijing pastor , Cai Zhuohua , was sentenced to three years for printing Bibles .
Zhou Heng , a house church pastor in Xinjiang , was charged with running an “ illegal operation ” for receiving dozens of boxes of Bibles .
From April to June 2007 , China expelled over 100 suspected US , South Korean , Canadian , Australian , and other missionaries .
Among them were humanitarian workers and language educators who had been teaching English in China for 15 years .
During this so - called Typhoon 5 campaign , authorities took aim at missionary activities so as to prevent their recurrence during the Olympics .
On September 30 , 2006 , Chinese soldiers opened fire on 71 Tibetans who were escaping to Nepal .
A 17 - year - old nun died and a 20 - year - old man was severely injured .
Despite numerous international witnesses , the Chinese police insisted that the shooting was in self - defense .
One year later , China tightened its control over the Tibetan Buddhism .
A September 1 , 2007 , regulation requires all reincarnated lamas to be approved by Chinese authorities , a requirement that flagrantly interferes with the tradition of reincarnation of living Buddhas as practiced in Tibet for thousands of years .
In addition , Chinese authorities still ban the Dalai Lama , the spiritual leader of Tibet and a world - renowned pacifist , from returning to Tibet .
Since 1999 , the government has banned many religious beliefs such as Falungong and the Three Servants .
Their followers have experienced extremely cruel and planned persecutions .
Many died from abuse , suffered torture , brainwashing , imprisonment and labor camp internment for persisting in their faith , possessing religious books , making DVDs and writing articles to expose the truth of the persecution .
China has the highest death penalty rate in the world .
Execution statistics are treated as “ state secrets . ”
However , experts estimate that 8,000 - 10,000 people are sentenced to death in China every year , among them not only criminals and economic convicts , but totally innocent citizens , such as Nie Shubin , Teng Xingshan , Cao Haixin and Hugejiletu , whose innocence was proven only after they were already dead .
Another eight innocent farmers , Chen Guoqing , He Guoqiang , Yang Shiliang , Zhu Yanqiang , Huang Zhixiang , Fang Chunping , Cheng Fagen and Cheng Lihe , who confessed their “ crimes ” after being cruelly tortured by the police , have been sentenced to death and are currently held in prisons in Hebei [ province ] and in Jingdezhen [ in Jiangxi province ] .
Torture is very common in China ’s detention centers , labor camps and prisons .
Torture methods include electric shock , burning , use of electric needles , beating and hanging , sleep deprivation , forced chemical injection causing nerve damage , and piercing the fingers with needles .
Every year , there are reported cases of Chinese citizens being disabled or killed by police torture .
Labor camps are still retained as a convenient Chinese system which allows the police to lock up citizens without trial for up to four years .
The detention system is another practice that the police favors , freeing them to detain citizens for six months to two years .
Dissidents and human rights activists are particularly vulnerable targets and are often sent to labor camps , detention centers or even mental hospitals by authorities who want to simplify legal procedures and mislead the media .
China has the world ’s largest secret police system , the Ministry of National Security ( guo an ) and the Internal Security Bureau ( guo bao ) of the Ministry of Public Security , which exercise power beyond the law .
They can easily tap telephones , follow citizens , place them under house arrest , detain them and impose torture .
On June 3 , 2004 , the Chinese secret police planted drugs on Chongqing dissident Xu Wanping and later sentenced him to 12 years ’ imprisonment for “ subversion of state power . ”
Chinese citizens have no right to elect state leaders , local government officials or representatives .
In fact , there has never been free exercise of election rights in township - level elections .
Wuhan resident Sun Bu’er , a member of the banned political party the Pan - Blue Alliance , was brutally beaten in September 2006 for participating as an independent candidate during an election of county - level people ’s congress representatives .
Mr Sun disappeared on March 23 , 2007 .
China continues to cruelly discriminate against its rural population .
According to the Chinese election law , a farmer ’s right to vote is worth one quarter of that of an urban resident .
In June 2007 , the Shanxi kiln scandal was exposed by the media .
Thousands of 8 - 13 year - old trafficked children had been forced to labor in illegal kilns , almost all with local government connections .
Many of the children were beaten , tortured and even buried alive .
The Chinese judiciary still illegally forbids any HIV / AIDS lawsuits against government officials responsible for the tragedy .
AIDS sufferers and activists have been constantly harassed by the secret police .
The Chinese government has been selling arms and weapons to Darfur and other African regions to support ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity .
The Chinese authorities have forcibly repatriated North Korean refugees , knowing that they would be sent to labor camps or executed once back home .
This significantly contravenes China ’s accession to the “ Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees ” and the “ Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees . ”
• Please be aware that the Olympic Games will be held in a country where there are no elections , no freedom of religion , no independent courts , no independent trade unions ; where demonstrations and strikes are prohibited ; where torture and discrimination are supported by a sophisticated system of secret police ; where the government encourages the violation of human rights and dignity , and is not willing to undertake any of its international obligations .
• Please consider whether the Olympic Games should coexist with religious persecution labor camps , modern slavery , identity discrimination , secret police and crimes against humanity .
As the Beijing Olympics slogan says , we live in “ one world ” with “ one dream . ”
We hope that one day the Chinese people will be able to share universal human rights , democracy and peace with people from all around the world .
However , we can see that the Chinese government obviously is not yet prepared to honor its promise .
As a matter of fact , the preparations for the Olympics have provided the perfect excuse for the Chinese government to restrict civil liberties and suppress human rights !
We do not want China to be contained or isolated from the rest of the world .
We believe that only by adhering to the principles of human rights and through open dialogue can the world community pressure the Chinese government to change .
Ignoring these realities and tolerating barbaric atrocities in name of the Beijing Olympics will disgrace the Olympic Charter and shake the foundations of humanity .
Human rights improvement requires time , but we should at least stop China ’s human rights situation from deteriorating .
Having the Olympics hosted in a country where human dignity is trampled on , will not honor its people or the Olympic Games .
We sincerely hope that the Olympic Games will bring the values of peace , equality , freedom and justice to 1.3 billion Chinese citizens .
We pray that the Olympics will be held in a free China .
We must push for the 2008 Olympics to live up to the Olympic Charter and we must advocate for the realization of “ one world ” with “ one human rights dream . ”
We believe that only an Olympic Games true to the Olympic Charter can promote China ’s democratic progress , world peace and development .
We firmly hold to the belief that there can be no true Olympic Games without human rights and dignity .
For China and for the Olympics , human rights must be upheld !
Teng Biao , a scholar and human rights lawyer in Beijing .
Hu Jia , a human rights activist in Beijing .
For some Wii fans , the exercise in Wii Fit has been in running around trying to find one .
That was the case for Dhruv Thukral , a 25 - year - old from Santa Monica who raced from store to store the day Nintendo Co. 's fitness game came out May 19 .
“ It ’s sold out everywhere , ” the USC computer science graduate student said .
Wii Fit is the latest title for Nintendo ’s Wii game console .
Shortages have become a chronic condition for Nintendo , beginning with the Wii , which is still in short supply a year - and - a - half after the $ 250 console was introduced .
Advertisement
The new game , which retails for $ 90 , offers more than 40 activities that challenge players in areas such as yoga , aerobics , strength training and balance .
It comes with a motion sensor platform that resembles a large bathroom scale , which users stand on , and requires a Wii console to play .
At GameStop , a chain that specializes in video games , the first shipment sold out days before it arrived as shoppers plunked down cash to pre-order the game .
On Friday , Circuit City ’s website had the game in stock at 8:50 a.m. , but was sold out 10 minutes later , according to NowInStock.net , a website that tracks online stores for hard - to - find items .
On EBay , Wii Fit has been auctioned for as much as $ 150 , a 66 % markup .
Advertisement
Some who managed to find Wii Fit had to go to considerable lengths .
Chris Pereira , a 19 - year - old video - game journalist from Rocky Hill , Conn. , tried to pre-order a copy before the game was released but was told that all units of the game had already been reserved .
Pereira , an editor for Ziff Davis Media Inc. , hit up Best Buy and GameStop without success .
At the local Circuit City , a salesperson said the game was available , but when she turned around to grab a box , she came up empty - handed .
“ They had apparently sold out minutes before , ” he said .
Advertisement
He then scoured several stores before finding a copy at a GameStop store .
“ The consumer response to Wii Fit was exceptional , ” said Denise Kaigler , a Nintendo spokeswoman .
“ We are working as hard as we can to replenish the stock . ”
She declined , however , to divulge how many copies of the game the company has sold .
Nintendo had said Wii Fit already sold 2 million units in Japan , where it launched in December .
Analysts say part of the problem stems from Nintendo ’s conservative approach in making hardware .
Stung by the failure of its last console , the GameCube , the Japanese company resists building up too much factory resources for its products .
Advertisement
It also is shrewdly maximizing its profit by sending four times as many units to Europe , reaping the benefits of the strong euro , said Michael Pachter , an analyst with Wedbush Morgan Securities .
Pachter estimated that Nintendo shipped just 500,000 copies of the game in North America but as many as 2 million units to Europe .
“ The shortage demonstrates one consequence of the weak dollar .
We ’re seeing companies ignore their largest market simply because they can make a greater profit elsewhere , ” Pachter said .
“ They know that Americans will be just as fat a few months from now ” when Nintendo will have more units available , he said .
Advertisement
But the Wii ’s runaway success could backfire if Nintendo is unable to manage consumer expectations , said Billy Pidgeon , an analyst with research firm IDC .
“ That ’s a tough line to tread , ” Pidgeon said .
“ When does the consumer get frustrated and move on ?
“ So far , the Wii still has cachet , ” he said .
“ But the fact that consumers ca n’t find a Wii or a Wii Fit is definitely a missed opportunity . ”
--
Advertisement
alex.pham@latimes.com
Posted by Sir Cucumber at on Friday , May 30 , 2008
At times we all must put our faith in a higher power , be it ethereal , corporeal , or corporate , deserving or not .
For the whole is greater than the sum of its parts - though some parts greater than others - and faced with troubling tasks we look to leaders , be they beatific or beastly , and hope for the best .
And when the tide subsides we return to our nasty , brutish ways , living like our lives were as short as our collective memory .
Sometimes I wonder whether there 'd be less heroes and martyrs if such people considered who they were offering themselves up for .
But then again I 'm no hero .
And certainly no martyr .
This week 's haiku go out to our betters .
1. Peruvian Cure for Impotence : Frog Juice
They call it ‘ The Peruvian Viagra ’ and they say it ’s great for you if you have a low sex drive .
It ’s the best aphrodisiac .
‘ Extracto de rana ’ ( Frog juice ) is in very high demand at local markets of Lima , Peru .
It ’s also heals stuff like asthma , bronchitis , sluggishness , but who cares about those .
As long as it gives you a good boner .
The main aphrodisiac effect probably comes from one of it ’s ingredients called Maca , which is a South - American plant known for it ’s erotic powers .
You go to the market stall and you pick your frogs from a tank .
The vendor takes them out and bangs them against the table to kill them .
Then she peels the skin off them and she fills the blender with hot white bean broth , some honey , raw aloe vera and a generous portion of maca .
Then she adds your plucked frogs and she turns the blender on .
And voila , a delicious warm glass of frog juice .
2. Old Cure for throat inflammations : Dog Dung
3. Czech Cure for Aging : Beer Bath
“ Album graecum ” is the dung of dogs or hyenas that has become white through exposure to air .
It is used in dressing leather , and was formerly used as a medicinal drug , often mixed with honey , to cleanse and deterge , chiefly in inflammations of the throat .
Externally , it was used as a plaster , spread on skin to close and heal wounds .
4. Old Chinese Cure for Stomach aches : Monkey ’s Gallbladder
In the town of Chodova Plana , Czech Republic , is located the world ’s first “ beer health center ” , where they offer a soothing hot bath containing healing mineral water and a dark bathing beer .
This “ curative therapy ” claims to have rejuvenating effects .
There is also a bathside bar so you can sip beer while soaking in it .
5. Ancient Egyptian Cure for Eye Infections : Bat ’s Blood
The monkey ’s gallbladder was a common folk medicine in China often used for a wide range of disorders including eye diseases , stomach complaints and even a child ’s tantrums .
Many ancient cultures used monkey blood for increasing the strength and stamina .
It was also believed to have anti-aging effects .
Over the centuries , people of various cultures have experimented with monkey blood and meat for anti-aging effects .
Some even went to the extent of transplanting monkey gonads .
In some of the places in Indonesia even until now , monkey brains are consumed as health remedies , impotency cures or as gourmet treats .
6. Old British Cure for Malaria : Spider ’s Webs
Ancient Egyptians had a high incidence of eye infections and resultant blindness because of their near - constant exposure to sun , sand , and sandstorms .
In order to combat the blindness suffered by so many people , Egyptian doctors applied the blood of bats to their blind patients ’ eyes .
Since bats were thought to have excellent night vision , it was assumed that this treatment would transfer that quality to people who put it in their eyes or injected it in their ears .
7. South African Cure for AIDS : Having Sex with a Virgin
Back when ague , a form of malaria , ran rampant through many parts of the world , various treatments were used to control the disease .
One of the strangest was consuming tablets of compressed spider ’s webs .
The supposed medicinal qualities of spider ’s webs have apparently been lost to history .
Some variations of this treatment involved eating the actual spider – sometimes while it was alive .
Want to tell your strange story ?
Tell us about it and it could be featured on Oddee .
You can remain fully anonymous .
Submit Story
Surveys suggest that up to a third of South Africans believe in an ancient and bizarre “ cure ” for AIDS .
This “ cure ” involves having sex with a virgin in the belief that it will cleanse the body of venereal diseases like AIDS .
This myth made South Africa the world ’s highest incidence of rape , taking the problem to the most despicable crime : an alarming high rate of child rape .
A cry for help goes out from a city beleaguered by violence and fear :
A beam of light flashed into the night sky , the dark symbol of a bat projected onto the surface of the racing clouds . . .
Oh , wait a minute .
That 's not a bat , actually .
In fact , when you trace the outline with your finger , it looks kind of like . . . a " W . "
There seems to me no question that the Batman film " The Dark Knight , " currently breaking every box office record in history , is at some level a paean of praise to the fortitude and moral courage that has been shown by George W. Bush in this time of terror and war .
Like W , Batman is vilified and despised for confronting terrorists in the only terms they understand .
Like W , Batman sometimes has to push the boundaries of civil rights to deal with an emergency , certain that he will re-establish those boundaries when the emergency is past .
And like W , Batman understands that there is no moral equivalence between a free society -- in which people sometimes make the wrong choices -- and a criminal sect bent on destruction .
The former must be cherished even in its moments of folly ; the latter must be hounded to the gates of Hell .
" The Dark Knight , " then , is a conservative movie about the war on terror .
And like another such film , last year 's " 300 , " " The Dark Knight " is making a fortune depicting the values and necessities that the Bush administration cannot seem to articulate for beans .
Technology Moral Panics : But Think Of The Children !
from the everyone - panic dept
This paper is about moral panics over contemporary technology , which I call " technopanics . "
I use two examples , the cyberporn panic of 1996 and the contemporary panic over online predators and MySpace , to demonstrate the links between media coverage and content legislation .
In both cases , Internet content legislation is directly linked to media–fueled moral panics that concern uses of technology deemed harmful to children .
This is of particular interest right now as a new Internet content bill , the Deleting Online Predators Act ( DOPA ) , is being debated in Congress .
The technopanic over " online predators " is remarkably similar to the cyberporn panic ; both are fueled by media coverage , both rely on the idea of harm to children as the justification for Internet content restriction , and both have resulted in carefully crafted legislation to circumvent First Amendment concerns .
While both panics have their roots in legitimate concerns , I am not primarily concerned with the extent of the purported harms .
However , my research demonstrates that the legislation proposed ( or passed ) to curb these problems is an extraordinary response ; it is misguided and in many cases masks the underlying problem .
" Goldilocks " figure -- " Not small and not large . "
He added that it was the same figure that was used by the media to describe the number of people killed annually by Satanic cults in the 1980s , and before that was cited as the number of children abducted by strangers each year in the 1970s .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Recently I wrote about a dreadful article in USA Today hyping up the " oh - no - think - of - the - children problem " of predators using console games to seek out kids .
This followed similarly bogus news articles hyping up the threats of predators on social networks .
Yet , all the " panic " raised by those articles has politicians practically shoving each other aside to introduce legislation against those social networks , or just various Attorneys General threatening those social networks without any evidence that there 's a significant problem , other than a few totally hyped up news articles .
It turns out that a PhD Candidate at NYU , Alice Marwick has recently published a paper discussing exactly this type of " moral panic , " focusing on the situation in 1996 in which Time Magazine famously published a scare mongering article about porn online , now known as the Rimm Report .
Sean Garret , who pointed me to Marwick 's paper has a good analysis of the Rimm Report 's ripple effects as well ( as does Adam Thierer ) .
Basically , the report , which claimed that 83.5 % of images online were porn was based on ridiculously faulty premises and research .
It was almost entirely wrong .
And while Time Magazine came out of it looking bad , it did n't stop politicians from using the " moral panic " created by the article to push through the Communications Decency Act -- which after many years of wasted taxpayer money was eventually declared unconstitutional .
What 's scary though , is how this process works : newspaper basically overhypes a non-story into a " big scary trend " and almost immediately politicians start pushing for questionable " save the children ! " legislation :
The paper goes on to rip apart the media in blowing up these technopanics , often using outright incorrect or made up data , such as the idea that " 50,000 sexual predators are online at any given time , " a favorite of former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
The problem is that this number was made up out of nowhere .
In tracking down where the number came from , the sources basically admit they pulled it out of thin air , with one saying that the number 50,000 is a : But that did n't stop Dateline NBC from using it repeatedly -- leading to politicians claiming it was fact .
Marwick systematically goes through the various stats like this one used by politicians and destroys each one as being false or misleading .
But , of course , neither the press , which popularized them , nor the politicians using them to push through legislation , are interested in the truth .
They want sensationalism , because that helps both of them .
The paper concludes that this new law , DOPA , is targeting exactly the wrong thing ( i.e. , not the actual problem ) and is merely a response to yet another moral panic that is likely to die out as people realize it's not as big a deal as the press and politicians are making it out to be .
In the short term , though , passing the law could be quite harmful .
Beyond wasting millions in taxpayer dollars ( like the CDA and COPA did ) , it could make it more difficult for kids to use social networks and certain web services for beneficial purposes .
Filed Under : alice marwick , cyberporn , moral panic , predators , techpanic , think of the children
WASHINGTON  American and international investigators say that they have found the electronic blueprints for an advanced nuclear weapon on computers that belonged to the nuclear smuggling network run by Abdul Qadeer Khan , the rogue Pakistani nuclear scientist , but that they have not been able to determine whether they were sold to Iran or the smuggling ring ’s other customers .
The plans appear to closely resemble a nuclear weapon that was built by Pakistan and first tested exactly a decade ago .
But when confronted with the design by officials of the International Atomic Energy Agency last year , Pakistani officials insisted that Dr. Khan , who has been lobbying in recent months to be released from the loose house arrest that he has been under since 2004 , did not have access to Pakistan ’s weapons designs .
In interviews in Vienna , Islamabad and Washington over the past year , officials have said that the weapons design was far more sophisticated than the blueprints discovered in Libya in 2003 , when Col .
Muammar el - Qaddafi gave up his country ’s nuclear weapons program .
Those blueprints were for a Chinese nuclear weapon that dated to the mid-1960s , and investigators found that Libya had obtained them from the Khan network .
But the latest design found on Khan network computers in Switzerland , Bangkok and several other cities around the world is half the size and twice the power of the Chinese weapon , with far more modern electronics , the investigators say .
The design is in electronic form , they said , making it easy to copy  and they have no idea how many copies of it are now in circulation .
Brain neuron constantly fire in response to the internal and external stimulus .
Most of the time Brain is stable but there are times when ...
As the world grapples with the impact of global food shortages ( Six million Ethiopian children at risk of malnutrition , May 21 ) , the livelihoods of 1.4 billion of the world 's poorest farmers who rely on harvesting seeds from one crop for sowing the next season is under threat from biotech companies which are pushing to commercialise " terminator " technology - genetic engineering that results in plants producing sterile seeds .
The advent of these so - called suicide seeds represent an insidious attempt to privatise plant life - and force poor families in developing countries to buy new seeds each year from the large companies that control the $ 19bn global seed market .
A global ban on terminator technology struck eight years ago is now under threat from a powerful alliance of biotech companies and countries with vested interests .
They argue terminator technology should be considered on a case - by - case basis , thereby undermining the blanket moratorium .
We fear the ban will once again come under pressure at this week 's UN summit on the convention on biological diversity in Bonn .
Biotech companies ' claims that terminator technology will prevent contamination between GM and non-GM crops are hotly contested , yet the EU and , by implication , British taxpayers are contributing to the development of the technology through a £ 3.4 m EU research project investigating ways that seeds can be brought back to life with chemicals .
In the developing world , small - scale farming is how millions of families survive .
It is vital that at the Bonn summit this month the UK government strongly supports the continuing global ban on terminator technology .
Sol Oyuela
Environmental officer , Progressio
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
The GIMP is a very powerful , open source digital image editing application that rivals its commercial counterpart – Adobe Photoshop .
Open source alternatives are great not only because they ’re free , but because of the helpful community that typically surrounds them .
Using GIMP is a perfect strategy for enhancing your images and making your site stand out .
One of the quickest ways to pick up something new is by watching video production tutorials .
With that concept in mind , I ’ve collected 25 awesome GIMP video tutorials geared to get you started , get you familiarized , and get you inspired .
If you ’re intrigued to try out GIMP after watching some of these videos , you can grab GIMP from their download page .
Basics
A showcase of some fundamental functions in GIMP .
2. The User Interface
A basic introduction to the interface to help you get started in exploring GIMP .
Photo Enhancement and Manipulation
A simple but beautiful photo effect based on a photoshop tutorial from Veerle ’s blog .
4. Selective Decolorization
Change parts of an image into grayscale , a technique known as “ selective decolorization ” .
5. Cracked Face Effect
Apply a cracking effect to your favorite photos .
Utilize the Curves tool to enhance the color contrast of digital images .
7. Streching shadows by using curves
Extend shadows in a photograph using the Curve tool .
8. Create a Graduated Neutral Density Filter to Enhance Photos
Improve photos using the ND filter in GIMP .
9. Create a Sketch Effect
This tutorial shows you a speedy way to create a sketch effect on digital photos .
An excellent introduction to Selective Gaussian blur and the Quick Mask tool .
Use the Curves tool to digitally enhance night shots .
Create a Polaroid border effect on images .
13 . Full Flare Control with The Gimp
Shows you how to create and control flares using the FlareFx effect .
An interesting photo tutorial on converting existing photos to mimic pop art .
Make subjects seem like they ’re popping out of a polaroid picture using this tutorial .
A basic demonstration on how to remove the background of an image .
This tutorial shows a few intermediate to advanced GIMP techniques .
How to use the Quick Mask tool to selectively colorize a flower .
19 . How To Change Hair Color
Showcases the Path tool .
20 . Recolor Hair and Eyes
This is another demonstration on how to change hair color as well as eye color .
Lettering and Graphics Creation
A glossy / glassy lettering effect adapted from an awesome photoshop tutorial by the Collis Ta’eed of PSDTUTS .
22 . Create a 3D Web Browser
A tutorial on replicating this popular effect using GIMP .
23 . Realistic Water Droplets
Shows you how to make an almost photo - realistic water droplet .
Create flames from scratch .
25 . Vector Land
* This video is no longer available .
In this tutorial , you ’ll see how to create the vector look - and - feel in GIMP .
Here ’s some additional GIMP resources :
GIMPshop – GIMPshop is a modification of GIMP that mimics how Photoshop looks and functions .
– GIMPshop is a modification of GIMP that mimics how Photoshop looks and functions .
GIMPTalk.com – GIMPTalk.com is a community website of all things GIMP related .
– GIMPTalk.com is a community website of all things GIMP related .
Gimpology – Gimpology is a tutorial site dedicated to GIMP .
– Gimpology is a tutorial site dedicated to GIMP .
“ Grokking the GIMP ” – a downloadable book on GIMP .
” – a downloadable book on GIMP .
GIMP – Tutorials – the tutorials section on GIMP ’s website .
I hope you enjoyed this collection of video tutorials , and I hope I ’ve encouraged some to at least try out and experiment with GIMP .
Posted on : :
At the Enterprise 2.0 conference ( which I did n’t attend ) , Don Burke and Sean Dennehey from the CIA gave a talk on Intellipedia , the CIA ’s internal wikipedia .
As part of their talk , they cited a manual , including , I ’m told , this from page 28 :
(1) Insist on doing everything through “ channels . ”
Never permit short - cuts to be taken in order to expedite decisions .
(2) Make “ speeches . ”
Talk as frequently as possible and at great length .
Illustrate your “ points ” by long anecdotes and accounts of perÂ­sonal experiences .
Never hesitate to make a few appropriate “ patriotic ” comments .
(3) When possible , refer all matters to committees , for “ further study and consideraÂ­tion . ”
Attempt to make the committees as large as possible â€ ” never less than five .
(4) Bring up irrelevant issues as frequently as possible .
(5) Haggle over precise wordings of comÂ­munications , minutes , resolutions .
(6) Refer back to matters decided upon at the last meeting and attempt to re-open the question of the advisability of that decision .
(7) Advocate “ caution . ”
Be “ reasonable ” and urge your fellow - conferees to be “ reasonÂ­able ” and avoid haste which might result in embarrassments or difficulties later on .
(8) Be worried about the propriety of any decision â€ ” raise the question of whether such action as is contemplated lies within the jurisÂ­ diction of the group or whether it might conflict with the policy of some higher echelon .
Their point was that these instructions come from a 1944 manual on how to sabotage a business .
The session ’s Web page points to the entire , amazing , declassified manual of simple sabotage .
Categories : Uncategorized dw
Celtic tell Arsenal and Premier League how much they …
It ’s a little bit late ( this should have been done during RailsConf , sorry ) , but it ’s finally here .
We ’re pleased to announce Phusion Passenger 2.0 , release candidate 1 . 😀
If no major issues are found , this will become version 2.0.1 .
We ’re also pleased to announce the long - awaited Ruby Enterprise Edition .
RailsConf 2008 presentation
Our RailsConf 2008 presentation about Phusion Passenger and Ruby Enterprise Edition went extremely well .
The sheets are available in the following formats :
The presentation includes a screencast ( 23 MB ) created by Soocial .
Some people have been distributing our old , outdated sheets , which contain lots and lots of bullet points and almost no graphics .
Please download the sheets on this page instead : these are the sheets that we used during the presentation .
Introducing Rack support
2 months after the release of Phusion Passenger 1.0 , we present you with Rack support .
It is now possible to host arbitrary Ruby web applications ( e.g. Merb and Camping ) on Phusion Passenger !
We provide this feature with the same ease of use that many people have come to love .
The following screencast , created by Ryan Bates of RailsCasts fame , demonstrates the ease of deploying a Rack application on Phusion Passenger :
But that ’s not all .
We ’ve done our homework .
Our Users guide provides a comprehensive list of Rackup specifications for all Ruby web frameworks that we could find , so that you do n’t have to hunt this information down yourself !
We received some Rack - related contributions shortly after Rack support had been pushed to the public git repository .
We ’d like to thank _why and remi for contributing documentation and full Rackup DSL support .
Introduction Python WSGI support
Not only do we support Rack , we now also support Python WSGI !
In theory , Phusion Passenger can now run Django .
Do n’t get us wrong .
Phusion Passenger ’s main focus is still on Ruby and Ruby on Rails .
WSGI support is meant to be a show case of Phusion Passenger ’s flexible architecture .
Optimizations
Much better stability
This new release is much more stable than the 1.0.x series .
Many stability issues have been fixed .
In fact , Dreamhost and iLike are using this version in production environments .
So if you were experiencing stability problems , please upgrade to this version , as it may solve your problem .
Much faster graceful restart
Some hosts gracefully restart Apache often , so to them , high graceful restart speed is essential .
Phusion Passenger 2.0 RC
1 is much , much faster at graceful restarts .
Less memory usage : reduced VM size Process monitoring tools tend to use the “ VM size ” of a process as an indication of the actual memory usage .
This is not correct , because the VM size only indicates the amount of memory that a process can access , not the amount of memory that it actually uses .
Nevertheless , having a large VM size poses problems .
Some servers , virtual private servers in particular , have artificial VM size limits in order to prevent processes from using too much memory .
Phusion Passenger 1.0 makes Apache ’s VM size very large ( more than 100 MB ) , even though the actual memory usage is only several MB .
In Phusion Passenger 2.0 , the VM size has been reduced by ten fold , as shown by the following diagram : Fair load balancing ( as opposed to round - robin load balancing )
One of the traditional problems of Mongrel Cluster behind Nginx is , in Ezra ‘s words : “ My only complaint was that the proxy modue was round robin only .
This means that if you had 3 mongrels and one of them performed and action that took say 20 seconds , for that 20 seconds every 3rd request would get stuck in line behind the mongrel doing the long blocking request .
This is because nginx was merrily doing round robin and did n’t care if a mongrel was busy or not . ”
Phusion Passenger now supports fair load balancing .
It will forward a request to the Rails instance with the least number of requests in its queue .
Fair load balancing is turned on by default , without the need to configure anything .
See also page 53 of the presentation sheets .
Upload buffering In Phusion Passenger 1.0 , a ( long ) file upload will block a Rails application instance .
Usually this is not a big problem , because Phusion Passenger will spawn more Rails instances if existing ones are blocked .
But it becomes a problem if your website handles many simultaneous file uploads ( read : more than 10 concurrent file uploads at any time ) .
Phusion Passenger 2.0 supports upload buffering .
File uploads that are sufficiently large , are stored into a temporary file .
Only when the file upload is done , will it be forwarded to the Rails application .
This means that your Rails applications will not be blocked while a large file upload is in progress .
See slide 86 of the presentation sheets .
Default timeouts changed , in favor of virtual private servers
The default timeout values in Phusion Passenger 1.0 were optimized for shared hosts , which host many applications and need to free resources quickly .
But most of our users seem to be using virtual private servers .
These servers usually do n’t get a lot of traffic , so the default timeouts are easily reached .
So we ’ve changed the default timeout values in favor of virtual private servers .
Shared hosts and people running Phusion Passenger on dedicated servers should adjust the timeouts .
What Default in Phusion Passenger 1.0 Default in Phusion Passenger 2.0 RailsMaxPoolSize 20 6 RailsPoolIdleTime 120 300 ApplicationSpawner server idle time 120 600
Other improvements
Ruby on Rails 1.0 compatibility Phusion Passenger is now compatible with Rails 1.0 applications as well .
Improved application compatibility : conservative spawning
By default , Phusion Passenger preloads the Ruby on Rails framework and application code .
This allows Phusion Passenger to reduce the startup time of Ruby on Rails applications and to save memory .
Using this technique , startup time can be decreased by as much as 90 % !
Unfortunately , some applications and / or plugins do n’t expect to be preloaded , and even assumes that no code is being preloaded .
soap4r is one such plugin .
Until recently , these applications / plugins did n’t work with Phusion Passenger .
Phusion Passenger 2.0 implements so - called conservative spawning .
In conservative spawning mode , Phusion Passenger will not preload any code .
In other words , it will emulate the way Mongrel loads Rails applications .
Conservative spawning allows Phusion Passenger to be 100 % compatible with all Rails applications .
Conservative spawning is less efficient than the default spawning strategy , though no less efficient than Mongrel Cluster .
You should only use conservative spawning if you ’re experiencing compatibility problems .
‘ RailsEnv ’ is now per-virtual host The RailsEnv configuration option used to be a global option .
It ’s now a per-virtual host option , so you can define a different environment for every Rails application .
New resource control option : ‘ PassengerMaxInstancesPerApp ’
The PassengerMaxInstancesPerApp option allows you to define the maximum number of pool slots that a single application may use .
This will prevent a single application from getting out of control and taking over the entire server .
Many thanks to Jochen Tuchbreiter for contributing this feature .
Support for worker MPM The Apache worker MPM is now supported .
Analysis and system maintenance tools Phusion Passenger 2.0 includes new analysis and system maintenance tools .
If you ’re experiencing stability problems with Phusion Passenger or your Rails application , then please try these tools .
How do I upgrade to 2.0 RC 1 ?
Via a gem
Please download the 2.0 RC 1 gem , then install it with the command :
gem install passenger - 1.9.0.gem
Next , run :
passenger - install - apache2- module
Please do n’t forget to copy & paste the Apache config snippet that the installer gives you .
Via a native Linux package
Neil Wilson from Brightbox has kindly provided an Ubuntu 8.04 package for Phusion Passenger .
The package is available from the Brightbox repository which you can find at :
http://apt.brightbox.net
Add the following line to the Third Party Software Sources :
deb http://apt.brightbox.net hardy main
( The simplest way to do that is to create a file in /etc/apt/sources.list.d/ containing the deb anstruction , and then run ‘ apt - get update ‘) .
Once you ’ve done this then you can install Phusion Passenger by running :
apt - get install libapache2 - mod - passenger
Finally , run the following command .
This will tell you how to configure Apache .
passenger - install - apache2- module
Ruby Enterprise Edition
Ruby Enterprise Edition has been officially launched .
Check out http://www.rubyenterpriseedition.com/
So far , Ruby Enterprise Edition has mostly been tested on Linux ( both 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) .
MacOS
X is not yet supported : support for it is planned for a future version .
That ’s all folks
A lot of work has been put into this release .
Enjoy . 🙂
If you like our work , please consider getting an “ enterprise license ” . 😉
This Site Is Under Construction and Coming Soon .
This Domain Is Registered with Network Solutions
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Power grids in the U.S. Mid-Atlantic and Northeast are not experiencing any reliability problems Monday as consumers crank up their air conditioners on the third day of the region ’s first heat wave of the summer .
Withered sunflowers are silhouetted next to power lines in Carlsbad California as a heat wave strains the state 's power grid July 24 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Mike Blake
Despite the sweltering heat , none of the region ’s power grid operators forecast demand would break records set during a brutal heat wave in August 2006 .
Meteorologists at AccuWeather.com forecast the mercury in New York City , the biggest population center in the region , would reach 99 degrees Monday , breaking the record high for June 9 of 97 degrees set in 1933 .
This heat wave started Saturday , June 7 , when high temperatures in the region started to crack 90 degrees .
The forecasters expect it will end Tuesday night in the Mid-Atlantic and Wednesday night in New England when highs return to more normal levels in the 80s .
The normal high for New York City for this time of year is 78 degrees .
“ Despite the hot and humid weather , we expect supplies to be adequate to meet the demand plus reserves .
We do not expect to break any records or call for load management , ” said spokeswoman Paula DuPont - Kidd of PJM , which operates the power grid in 13 mid-Atlantic and Midwest states .
PJM forecast demand would reach about 134,200 megawatts Monday before sliding to 126,000 MW Tuesday .
That is well below the system ’s all - time peak of 144,644 MW set in August 2006 .
New York also expects the peak day to be Monday with demand forecast to reach about 32,300 MW , which would break last summer ’s record of 32,169 MW but remain below the state ’s all - time peak of 33,939 MW set in August 2006 .
The New York Independent System Operator , the state grid operator , forecast demand would slide to 31,700 MW Tuesday as the heat starts to break .
In New England , the grid operator , ISO New England , forecast demand would reach about 25,980 MW Monday and 27,020 MW Tuesday before sliding Wednesday .
That is still well below the region ’s all - time record of 28,130 MW set in August 2006 .
“ We expect normal operating conditions barring any unexpected generation or transmission shutdowns , ” spokeswoman Erin O’Brien at ISO New England said .
DEMAND RESPONSE
The grid operators in PJM , New York and New England have not yet activated reliability - based demand response programs .
Demand response pays electric customers that sign up to reduce power usage upon request to help ensure the reliability of the grid .
Even though the grid operators have not activated their programs , some utilities may activate their demand response programs for local reliability or economic reasons .
In New England , for example , the grid operator activated its economic demand response program , which is triggered when the ISO expects the price of power to exceed $ 100 per megawatt - hour .
Customers that signed up for the New England program can get the higher of 10 cents a kilowatt - hour ( $ 100 per megawatt - hour ) or the real - time price for the energy they save .
There were many things originally planned for the first Fable that did n't make it into the final product .
One of these exciting features was co-op play .
It was functional , playable and pretty damned cool at .
Now Molyneux 's original vision of an RPG you can play on the couch with your buddy is soon to become a reality .
Cooperative play is alive and kicking in Fable 2 and is the third of ( what has now become ) four innovations in Lionhead Studios ' upcoming RPG .
In Fable 2 , you are the last hero of Albion .
At least , the last person who seems to realize he ( or she ) is a hero .
Your primary goal is to search the world for other heroes and recruit them to create a sort of medieval Avengers .
Time is of the essence as a mysterious rival is assembling their own group of heroes ( or villains ) .
Whether or not this ties into online functionality for Fable 2 is unknown at this time .
All Lionhead mastermind Peter Molyneux would talk about was the single - console co-op mode .
Co-op is a simple setup where , at any time and at any point in the adventure , a friend can plug in a controller , hit start , and join your game world .
This player is considered a henchman , who assists on your adventure .
He can do anything he might do in his own game -- fart , kill Hobs , kick chickens -- and takes all his earned experience , gold and renown with him when he pops back off to his own version of Albion .
The only thing he wo n't have is his own dog .
In part because the team at Lionhead did n't want to create a butt - sniffing animation , but mainly due to framerate issues .
In the demo , " The Molynator " had created a female character .
This was our first good look at a heroine in Fable 2 .
Molyneux 's lass was dressed in daisy dukes and a low - cut top .
And yes , there are boob physics that allow a lady hero 's fleshy parts to move independently with DOA - like bounciness .
Hopping into the game was a hard - nosed male hero , who would serve as henchmen .
Before entering the game , a menu screen allows the two players to negotiate a split of money , XP , and renown earned while in co-op .
If you are having trouble beating an enemy , you can " hire " a henchman , promising him all the renown and gold to assists you while you snag the bulk of the XP .
Or however else you want to set things up .
This is certainly going to allow for some cheating , but hey , it 's your game , Molyneux says .
If you want to be the hero that cheats , so be it .
About 5 years ago in Molyneux 's game world , his heroine chatted up a bloke in a pub and took him home .
" We had unprotected sex and I ended up pregnant , " Molyneux admitted .
His heroine has a five - year - old son whom she has n't seen in nearly six months .
It 's off for a visit back home with the family .
On the road , we had a chance to see how the " HUD - less interface " worked .
As you may recall , the first innovation in Fable 2 is love in the form of a faithful dog .
That dog acts as the HUD in most cases .
If there is danger , he steps forward , looks in the direction of an enemy and snarls .
This is in lieu of a radar .
If you are near a quest item , you get a similar reaction alerting you .
The same when you are around an important character and so on .
It seems well - integrated and perfectly natural .
It 's a bit too soon to affirm Molyneux 's claim that the dog in Fable 2 is the " most amazing AI in a game ever , " but it 's certainly slick .
Just because your dog points something out does n't mean you have to listen .
Fable 2 is an open - world game that grants the freedom to choose your own path .
Your dog will try and lead you towards your current objective , but you can go a different way and he 'll follow .
As Molyneux promises , " Every fence can be jumped over ; every cliff can be jumped off . "
Good thing America 's dissatisfied voters took control of Congress away from that other crowd two years ago .
Because since the new party took over , congressional approval ratings have plummeted to tie a historical low .
Say what ?
Were n't the outs supposed to fix things on Capitol Hill once they became the ins ?
And controlled all the investigations ?
And the agenda ?
And the committees ?
A new poll shows that the percentage of voters who say Congress is doing an excellent or good job has fallen to single digits for the first time in the tracking history of Rasmussen Reports .
Nine percent say that .
Which is down from 11 % in May .
Only 3 % of independents say Congress is doing a good or excellent job , half the previous month 's rating .
A majority of Americans ( 52 % ) say House and Senate members are doing a poor job , which ties the record high for that dubious rating .
A whopping 72 % believe members of Congress are more interested in furthering their own careers than doing public good .
And only 14 of every 100 Americans think senators or representatives are genuinely interested in helping real people .
Not exactly a ringing endorsement of their public service .
The big unanswered question :
If such an overwhelming percentage of voters are so dissatisfied with the congressional work of a Democratic majority they elected just two years ago , a worse rating than even the scandal - plagued Republicans had in 2006 , what does this do to the conventional wisdom that 2008 is a year for substantial gains by Democrats in both houses ?
Will voters buy the argument that the 2006 majority led by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid did n't work .
So maybe another one will ?
Do GOP members appear so dispirited they do n't present a realistic alternative ?
Or will dissatisfied voters , for once , turn on incumbents from both parties ?
What do you think ?
-- Andrew Malcolm
Wendy sez , " Wikileaks has a document apparently leaked from drafting negotiations around the proposed " Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement . "
The discussion paper has the stated objective to ' Establish , among nations committed to strong IPR protection , a common standard for IPR enforcement to combat global infringements of IPR particularly in the context of counterfeiting and piracy that addresses today 's challenges , in terms of increasing international cooperation , strengthening the framework of practices that contribute to effective enforcement of IPRs , and strengthening relevant IPR enforcement measures themselves . '
Of course the proposed ' cooperation ' would once again extend the worst of US IP law and beyond — DMCA anticircumvention and ISP takedown , criminal penalties for non-commercial copying , enforcement with minimal process — onto partners such as developing countries for whom these enclosure regimes are even less appropriate . "
Link ,
See also
( Thanks , Wendy ! )
Next time you use a pair of rubber gloves , you may smile when you think of this :
A dentist noticed that his next patient , a little old lady , was
Nervous so he decided to tell her a little joke as he put on his
Gloves .
" Do you know how they make these gloves ? " he asked .
" No , I do n’t , " she replied .
" Well , " he spoofed , " there ’s a building in Canada with a big tank
Of latex and workers of all hand sizes walk up to the tank , dip in
Their hands , let them dry , then peel off the gloves and throw them
Into boxes of the right size . "
She did n’t crack a smile .
" Oh , well .
I tried , " he thought .
But five minutes later , during a delicate portion of the procedure ,
She burst out laughing .
" What ’s so funny ? " he asked
" I was just envisioning how condoms are made ! "
Gotta watch those little old ladies !
Their minds are always working .
If only the major producers of cluster bombs such as the US , China , Russia and India were present .
If only it was n’t so profitable and acceptable to Congress .
As it stands today , there is a fairly high rate of unexploded traditional ordnance scattered across the world .
Cluster bombs increase that rate exponentially making a bad problem much worse .
Even yesterday there was an incident in Tokyo with an unexploded WWII bomb and the world powers have left their mark in every corner of the globe .
Farmers in countries such as Angola and Laos often live with the reality of working the soil and exploding leftover ordnance from another era .
The people of Lebanon potentially have a much more serious problem since the recent war with Israel left cluster bomblets ( probably US made ) throughout the battle zones .
“ Governments have been talking about the dangers of cluster bombs for years .
More delays mean more injuries and death for ordinary people .
We have a unique opportunity to ban cluster bombs in Dublin — it is now or never , ” she said .
Cluster munitions are among the weapons which pose the gravest dangers to civilians , according to the CMC .
Dropped from planes or fired from artillery , they explode in mid-air , randomly scattering bomblets .
Countries are seeking a ban due to the risk of civilians being killed or maimed by their indiscriminate , wide area effect .
Are the " Nones " done with Civic Engagement ?
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A British company has developed a camera that can detect weapons , drugs or explosives hidden under people ’s clothes from up to 25 meters away in what could be a breakthrough for the security industry .
The T5000 camera , created by a company called ThruVision , uses what it calls “ passive imaging technology ” to identify objects by the natural electromagnetic rays -- known as Terahertz or T - rays -- that they emit .
The high - powered camera can detect hidden objects from up to 80 feet away and is effective even when people are moving .
It does not reveal physical body details and the screening is harmless , the company says .
The technology , which has military and civilian applications and could be used in crowded airports , shopping malls or sporting events , will be unveiled at a scientific development exhibition sponsored by Britain ’s Home Office on March 12 - 13 .
“ Acts of terrorism have shaken the world in recent years and security precautions have been tightened globally , ” said Clive Beattie , the chief executive of ThruVision .
“ The ability to see both metallic and non-metallic items on people out to 25 meters is certainly a key capability that will enhance any comprehensive security system . ”
While the technology may enhance detection , it may also increase concerns that Britain is becoming a surveillance society , with hundreds of thousands of closed - circuit television cameras already monitoring people countrywide every day .
ThruVision came up with the technology for the T5000 in collaboration with the European Space Agency and from studying research by astronomers into dying stars .
The technology works on the basis that all people and objects emit low levels of electromagnetic radiation .
Terahertz rays lie somewhere between infrared and microwaves on the electromagnetic spectrum and travel through clouds and walls .
Depending on the material , the signature of the wave is different , so that explosives can be distinguished from a block of clay and cocaine is different from a bag of flour .
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO : Kevin James , Clueless Wingnut "
( 30 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/15/2008 @ 6:49 pm PT ...
Back to selling used cars or toilets for him
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/15/2008 @ 7:12 pm PT ...
And bravisimo , Tweety .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... 72dawg said on 5/15/2008 @ 7:23 pm PT ...
Sorry , but Kevin James is the Republican party .
There is no place in it for Richard Viguerie .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/15/2008 @ 10:11 pm PT ...
I can't get this video to run here or at HPM 's place .
Is it a problem on my end , or is there a problem with the embed ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/15/2008 @ 10:12 pm PT ...
Just checked it .
Working fine here , Linda .
Hope you did n't catch the conflict w/ Adobe 's newish update ( if so , email me , and I 'll email you the older version that I had to install when I had same prob ! )
Should work in IE , however , even with that Adobe conflict as I recall .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/15/2008 @ 10:46 pm PT ...
Linda , Brad , I think it 's YouTube with hiccups that 's the problem .
They 're doing another Beta and all the players have been hinky across the net for a couple three hours or so ....
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/16/2008 @ 8:33 am PT ...
Wow .
It 's working now .
Unbelievable .
James demonstrates so clearly how the backing in the US for Republican policies in the ME is based so completely on rhetoric , and on having no real knowledge of actual history , and on just shouting and shouting and shouting the same BS as loudly as you can , drowning out all voices of reason .
Hey !
White working - class guys !
Get with the program here !
Stop believing this c**p that we can solve complex international problems using clubs and stones .
Smarten up !
Or you 'll be culpable for taking us all back to those cro-magnon days when all we had the ability to use was clubs and stones .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/16/2008 @ 10:48 am PT ...
I would n't blame the white working - class guys , personally , Linda .
I 'd blame the corporate media who spoonfeeds them this crap , and the politicians who allowed it to happen , and are too cowardly to do anything about it .
( In no small part because if they did , they'd be pilloried --- completely unfairly --- by the same corporate media they 've given away the store to ! )
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/16/2008 @ 11:46 am PT ...
Well , Brad .
My husband is a white working - class guy , and he 's not eating this c**p .
Yes , I agree with you that the media is culpable .
But it 's not forcing anybody to watch what it 's trying to pass off as " news . "
Congress is another thing altogether .
Thank God for Wexler .
He succeeded at getting Conyers to do his job in this one issue involving Rove .
Watch out neocon a***** es , when Wexler is our next Oversight chair !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/16/2008 @ 12:08 pm PT ...
Excuse me , but Conyers has not done his job yet .
All that has " happened " is noise , and they 've made similar noises before .
I 'm going to be happy about it when they actually perform on their threats .
Dancing in the streets .
Until then , this hot air just pisses me off .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 5/16/2008 @ 3:09 pm PT ...
kevin james looked like a idiot .... much like the neo cons did " when they lined up to vote slowly " a few days ago
my morning paper talked about mccains speech in ohio to " several hundred voters "
the rep nominee can only draw hundreds of voters while obama is drawing 20 ,30 thousand and yet
if we dont get something changed , something like PAPER BALLOTS with the PRES being hand counted ,
we all know we will end up with mccain
sigh
after pa's vote i printed a copy / paste thing PROVING allegheny county showed a false result
200 per cent turn out in the reform cat ... even 99 dissed me at first and after brad corrected the hard to read post NOT ONE PERSON COMMENTED r we as americans so used to be screwed and lied to that we just accept a mathmatically impossible result ?
on inherent contempt ..... i agree its long past time BUT i am encouraged to hear peops like catherine crier talking about it on msm ( abrams again ) i doubt most folks realize congress has this power
Under the inherent contempt power , the individual is brought before the House or Senate by the Sergeant - at - Arms , tried at the bar of the body , and can be imprisoned .
The purpose of the imprisonment or other sanction may be either punitive or coercive .
Thus , the witness can be imprisoned for a specified period of time as punishment , or for an indefinite period ( but not , at least in the case of the House , beyond the adjournment of a session of the Congress ) until he agrees to comply .
The inherent contempt power has been recognized by the Supreme Court as inextricably related to Congress ’s constitutionally - based power to investigate .
to congress and conyors i say , do ur jobs , BETTER LATE THAN NEVR
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/16/2008 @ 3:18 pm PT ...
99 , once again , you are oh so right .
Brad et al , from now on I will refer to all those morons who watch Fox " News " and spew out the rhetoric with no factual basis as being Kevin James's .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/16/2008 @ 3:53 pm PT ...
Karen , we 're all reading your posts , as well as Socrates .
Just keep on posting any anomalies / strange goings on you find .
We might run into a connection somewhere along the line .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/16/2008 @ 4:16 pm PT ...
Linda , I sure wish I were not ...
Karen , we 're trying to figure out a way for people to post figures without it coming out so confusing to read .
I 'm sorry if I hurt your feelings .
I just kept staring at those numbers and they looked as though they were saying something completely else from what you were saying .
It was dawning on me what the problem might be about the same time Brad was jumping in to help clarify .
I do n't know how that little project is coming along , but I know that when it 's urgent , we all need to be extra -careful to be as clear as we can be .
This is confusing enough already .
And , believe me , I agree with you completely .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 5/16/2008 @ 5:58 pm PT ...
Thanks for the plug Floridiot .
I done good with the Hertzberg thing .
The Director of ESI truly was a prolific poster at a nutjob website .
That place is run like a cult .
They refer to Bev Harris and Sibel Edmonds as 9/11 CIA fakes .
Brad 's also in that grouping .
Karen , I remember your post .
Yeah , keep at it .
Tighten that story up and keep spreading the word .
Despite all the efforts to label election fraud as internet fiction , the opposite is happening .
The dark side is trying to break our collective spirits with divide and conquer 101 .
Just keep calling their bluff .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 5/16/2008 @ 6:16 pm PT ...
99 u didnt hurt my feelings , my point was that even in election rights circles ( brad blog ) peops dont get fighting mad that the blackboxes spit out IMPOSSIBLE NUMBERS
pls dont misunderstand me ... brad , you , bev from bbv r heros of mine but i think we r missing an important chance to connect with the average american when we dont let them know about IMPOSSIBLE NUMBERS http://elections.sos.state.tx.us/elchist.exe
look at county by county rep results for travis county , they report 14,902 repubs
but travis countys web site reports 41,109
March 4 , 2008 Joint Primary Election
Travis County
March 04 , 2008
03/13/2008 06:25 PM
Official Results
Republican Cumulative Report
555,865 Total March 4 , 2008 Joint Primary Election Registered Voters
210 of 210 100.00 % Total Precincts Completed
Total Ballots Cast
% of Total Registered Voters
Early Voting Election Day Total Vote
18,501 22,608 41,109
3.33 % 4.07 % 7.40 %
Early Voting Election Day Total Vote
PRESIDENT - REP
210 of 210 Precincts Reporting
4,309 14.28 % 17.05 % 6,916 19.32 % 2,607 Ron Paul
163 0.64 % 0.69 % 280 0.73 % 117 Fred Thompson
6,393 24.81 % 26.93 % 10,922 28.67 % 4,529 Mike Huckabee
4 0.04 % 0.03 % 12 0.02 % 8 Hoa Tran
6 0.01 % 0.02 % 8 0.03 % 2 Hugh Cort
87 0.35 % 0.37 % 151 0.39 % 64 Rudy Giuliani
321 1.71 % 1.56 % 633 1.44 % 312 Mitt Romney
33 0.19 % 0.17 % 67 0.15 % 34 Duncan Hunter
132 0.49 % 0.54 % 221 0.59 % 89 Alan Keyes
10,667 56.48 % 51.73 % 20,979 47.83 % 10,312 John McCain
185 1.01 % 0.91 % 369 0.83 % 184 Uncommitted
22,300 40,558 Total Votes Counted in this Race : 18,258
UNITED STATES SENATOR - REP
210 of 210 Precincts Reporting
4,185 16.49 % 19.27 % 6,888 21.63 % 2,703 Larry Kilgore
15,159 83.51 % 80.73 % 28,848 78.37 % 13,689 John Cornyn
19,344 35,736 Total Votes Counted in this Race : 16,392
DISTRICT 10 , UNITED STATES REPRESENTATIVE - REP
72 of 72 Precincts Reporting
6,013 100.00 % 100.00 % 10,684 100.00 % 4,671 Michael T. McCaul
6,013 10,684 Total Votes Counted in this Race : 4,671
DISTRICT 21 , UNITED STATES REPRESENTATIVE - REP
44 of 44 Precincts Reporting
5,214 100.00 % 100.00 % 9,507 100.00 % 4,293 Lamar Smith
5,214 9,507 Total Votes Counted in this Race : 4,293
DISTRICT 25 , UNITED STATES REPRESENTATIVE - REP
94 of 94 Precincts Reporting
5,228 100.00 % 100.00 % 10,214 100.00 % 4,986 George L. Morovich
5,228 10,214 Total Votes Counted in this Race : 4,986
RAILROAD COMMISSIONER - REP
210 of 210 Precincts Reporting
15,834 100.00 % 100.00 % 29,328 100.00 % 13,494 Michael L. Williams
15,834 29,328 Total Votes Counted in this Race : 13,494
CHIEF JUSTICE , SUPREME COURT - REP
210 of 210 Precincts Reporting
15,699 100.00 % 100.00 % 29,029 100.00 % 13,330 Wallace B. Jefferson
15,699 29,029 Total Votes Counted in this Race : 13,330
Page 1 of 6
whr do the other 27,000 votes go ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/16/2008 @ 6:31 pm PT ...
karen : I think everybody here has been at this so long , and seen enough impossible results be ignored or explained away with NO action being taken , that we do n't get quite as excited by them as we used to .
That does n't mean we do n't care .
It 's why we 're here .
But you have just posted a bunch of figures that are meaningless to me because I can't read them in a format that gives them the proper sense .
The software does n't just post the exact image of what is entered .
It might be extremely helpful if you started a blog where you could format this stuff in a way that makes sense , take screen shots of it , upload it to your blog , and simply link us to your blog when you have this stuff to say .
That would stand the BEST chance of making things clear to people .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 5/16/2008 @ 6:57 pm PT ...
Early Voting Election Day Total Vote
18,501 22,608 41,109 total vote rep 41109 on travis county web site
total vote for travis county according to sos web site rep 14902 lol 99 i realize i am not good at the web stuff and i apoligize again for that ... i am a grandma thats learning what i can to communicate
take a few mins to check on travis county tx , i think they r moving so many votes around they r having hard time getting the numbers straight
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/16/2008 @ 7:09 pm PT ...
Oh , even better !
You can get one of the grandkids to do it for you , or show you the ropes !
They rock at that sort of thing !
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/16/2008 @ 7:18 pm PT ...
total vote rep 41109 on travis county web site
total vote for travis county according to sos web site rep 14902
If that says what I think it says , that 's OUTRAGEOUS , but I can't tell what it says for sure .
What 's the " rep " ?
Reported ?
Republican ?
Represented ?
Whenever returns are coming in and people are freaking , trying to report the stats , it 's a total mess .
People start pitching fits on the threads about all the incomprehensible numbers mumbo jumbo ... and the whole POINT of all this is to be as clear and as factual about everything as we can ....
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/16/2008 @ 10:45 pm PT ...
Hmmm ... the apex is witchway ...
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/16/2008 @ 10:51 pm PT ...
this is what draws 99 versions of ' truth ' ?
... really ... ok ... back to bullshitistan ...
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... newjesustimes said on 5/17/2008 @ 9:23 am PT ...
Good for you Karen !
i wish the grandmas in my family cared enough to monitor election results .
i feel like America is in this absurd mess largely because our ( my ) parents and grandparents were content their whole lives to accept the crap the MSM dishes out .
And so too , I think , would be we if not for this remarkable invention the Internet to help us know we are not alone in recognizing the glaring lies and deceptions that shape our modern world .
So a big thank you to Brad , Karen , all the rest of you election integrity volunteer leaders & troops , and of course DARPA .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 5/17/2008 @ 2:57 pm PT ...
yes its republicans
look for a travis county email ... i cant get that part to post at all
ty news
i blame the msm too , peops dont have a clue how bad things r unless they read brad / net
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/17/2008 @ 4:03 pm PT ...
karen : I am testing to see if our code button for fixed width fonts is getting to the place where it will let us post stats cogently ....
will this silly thing cooperate now ?
12345 98765 12345 98765 12345 98765
I do n't think so ....
Not looking good in the preview .....
Dang .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/17/2008 @ 4:46 pm PT ...
TRYING -----USING-----DASHES-----NOW
123456-----987654----123456-----987654
At least lines up the stats with the headings , but does not rock in terms of readability either ....
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/17/2008 @ 4:55 pm PT ...
WHAT .......... ABOUT .......... PERIODS ?
1,234,567...9,876,543 .....1,234,567
Looks as though the ellipsis conversion thing is going to mess with this ...
SO__________WHAT__________ABOUT__________UNDERLINE ?
1,234,567__9,876,543______1,234,567_______9,876,543
Weird , but improving ...?
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/17/2008 @ 4:57 pm PT ...
No .
The dashes have it .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean ( not in ) FL - 13 said on 5/18/2008 @ 11:51 am PT ...
Just wanted to chime in here !
Gotta say : KAREN has been crunching the numbers from EVERY PRIMARY , and has FOUND REMARKABLE anomalies and blatant statistical IMPOSSIBILITIES --EVERYWHERE .
She found problems in TRAVIS CO. , TEXAS , and alerted our wonderful VOTE RESCUE RADIO in AUSTIN and sure ' nuff !
She was DEAD ON ACCURATE .
She has also been helping us navigate a SEA of FOIA 's from NH -- and kids , her math is a wonder !
99 - - you 're right !
We see this A LOT and it 's hard to take in .
It 's often hard for ME to wrap my brain around her numbers ( and not because of web - formatting , but because I am a below average mathematician ) .
Still , I see her posts BOTH at BRADBLOG and BBV are often overlooked , or misunderstood ...
What Karen finds SHOULD be kicked around more here in these threads ; in many cases she is finding MORE VOTES THAN VOTERS -- this is the THROUGH - LINE of STATISTICAL FRAUD we have seen from a number of states this PRIMARY SEASON .
MORE VOTES THAN VOTERS , PEOPLE !
OFF BY DROVES !
ED FELTON has also found this via SEQUOIA 's POLL TAPES .
And yes , THIS FACT ALONE should be enough to explain to everyday VOTING JOE 's just HOW BOTCHED our election systems are ...
EVERYONE gets MORE VOTES THAN VOTERS / and IRRECONCILABLE OVER -ALL FIGURES such as these .
I , too , would love to see this important info more thoroughly investigated by my wonderful BRADBLOGGERS / BBV citizen investigators ...
In fact , it is BRADBLOG's MATHEMATICIANS and COMPUTER EXPERTS ( O ! I love you people so !) that I look to / count on / rely on heavily in these comment threads to help me understand so much ELECTION HOOEY .
I practically LIVE here ... ( 99 ~ thanks ever so for going out of your way to help clarify the way we post these figures .
I realize it's hard on the eye , but if everyone would just take a minute or two more to TRY to decipher Karen 's posts -- we'd have some FASCINATIN ' discussions ...!)
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 5/18/2008 @ 2:23 pm PT ...
What Will We Do Then ?
The Day After We Strike Iran By Gary Leupp " Counterpunch "
Let us suppose that the Bush - Cheney administration answers the neocons ’ prayer and does indeed bomb Iran sometime soon .
The plan apparently involves more than the destruction of nuclear facilities , replicating Israel ’s attack on Iraq ’s Osirak reactor in 1981 .
( That attack , by the way was condemned by the whole world , including a furious President Ronald Reagan ) .
It includes an all - out assault on the Iranian political and religious leadership .
Government buildings and officials ’ residences will be targeted , guaranteeing collateral damage .
Since Iran is a highly complex society , and its government widely unpopular , there may well be some local support for a “ shock and awe ” campaign .
We know that the administration has cultivated ties with the Mujahadeen Khalq ( even though they remain on the State Department ’s terrorist list ) and the Pakistan - based Balochi separatist group Jundallah ( the Party of God ) .
These among other organizations will get their marching orders amid the “ creative chaos ” produced by the attack .
There can be no large deployment of U.S. troops in Iran , unless they evacuate from Afghanistan and Iraq , which is unlikely .
I doubt that administration plans for the construction of a post - attack Iranian polity are any more sophisticated than their plans for post - Taliban Afghanistan or occupied Iraq .
Some have suggested that the neocons ’ goal is actually to plunge the Muslim Middle East into prolonged pandemonium , insuring that all foes of Israel are off - balance and terrorized by the might of Israel ’s protector for generations to come .
“ Neocons , ” writes Paul Craig Roberts , “ have convinced themselves that nuking Iran will show the Muslim world that Muslims have no alternative to submitting to the will of the US government . ”
They are “ total Islamophobes ” who believe that “ Islam must be deracinated and the religion destroyed .
. . ”
Others note that Cheney is obsessed with the imagined threat of a rising China and the need to establish permanent U.S. bases in Central and Southwest Asia to “ contain ” the world ’s most populous nation .
The desire to control the flow of oil , the urge to check China , the passionate drive to destroy Israel ’s enemies ( alongside this neocon Islamophobia ) are all reflected in U.S. foreign policy since 9 - 11 .
Surely a lot of Iranians know this .
And they can look over their northern border into Afghanistan and their western border into Iraq and see what disaster U.S. imperialism has wrought in these neighboring countries .
Bush calls them “ democracies ” and boasts of having gifted them with the universally applicable model pioneered by America ’s founding fathers .
But I ’d imagine Iranians seeing in Afghanistan a regime dominated by warlords more reactionary than their own mullahs , resisted by an equally reactionary resurgent Taliban .
In Iraq they find an emerging regime under the strong influence of conservative Shiite Muslim clerics in an unusual alliance with U.S. occupation forces .
Many young Iranians chafing under Islamic law might consider this a step backwards for Iraq , which under the despised Saddam had at least been a secular society .
The Iraqi puppet government is of course far weaker than the one in Tehran , and humiliatingly dependent upon the invaders who cannot provide a modicum of security while they demand oil concessions .
So I would think that the Iranian survivors of this planned criminal assault would not appreciate it .
Rather , they will resent it deeply , especially if it produces numerous civilian casualties .
As Roberts suggests , the neocons believe that the Iranian people and Muslims around the world will be so terrified that they will capitulate to all U.S. demands and the U.S. will be better able to attain its geopolitical objectives without the use of unacceptable numbers of ground troops .
I have to wonder about this .
Perhaps the neocons suppose that there will be no resistance from a shocked and awed Iranian population as America ’s Iranian allies --- a mix of quasi - left guerrillas , terrorist separatists , monarchists and exiles --- create a provisional government .
They may underestimate the social base of the present Iranian government , the sincerity of popular opposition to U.S. policy in the world , the depth of Iranian nationalism and national pride at the accomplishments of the nuclear power program .
They probably underestimate the outrage an attack will cause , in Iran and everywhere .
Perhaps they overestimate the power of their weapons .
The neocons know that nuclear weapons ( even dire predictions about nuclear attack ) produce fear --- and that frightened people may voluntarily give up much of their freedom .
They saw that happen here in the USA between 9 - 11 and the attack on Iraq .
All that talk by Bush , Cheney and Rice about mushroom clouds over New York City got the masses scared , got them to support a war .
The neocons may assume that this frightening thing they hold in their hand --- that they can deliver ( intoning with John McCain , “ Bomb bomb bomb Iran ” ) as soon as Bush ( after prayerful deliberation ) gives his okay --- can fix the Middle East .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Volkswagen 's been toying with hybrids for awhile and got electric - vehicle advocates in a lather over the diesel - electric Golf it unveiled a few months ago .
Now the company 's promising a plug - in hybrid by 2010 and the German government 's written a big check to make it happen .
VW boss Martin Winterkorn says gas and diesel engines will be around for a long time to come , but " the future belongs to all - electric cars . "
The automaker is staking a claim to that future with a plug - in hybrid drivetrain it calls Twin Drive .
It will debut in a Golf fitted with a 122 - horsepower diesel engine and an 82 - horsepower electric motor .
" While the e-motor on a typical hybrid model just supplements the combustion engine , the exact opposite is true on Twin Drive , " Winterkorn said during the car 's unveiling in Berlin .
" Here the diesel or gasoline engine supplements the e-motor . "
Start - stop technology will save power and regenerative braking will help generate it .
VW says the car will use lithium - ion batteries and have an all - electric range of 31 miles .
The company recently signed a deal with Sanyo to develop li-ion batteries ; the electronics company plans to begin production next year and says it will spend $ 769 million on the effort during the next seven years .
Winterkorn says VW will have a demonstration test fleet of 20 Twin Drive Golfs on the road by 2010 , but there 's no word yet on whether the car will see production .
Still , Germany 's Interior Ministry is eager to see plug - in hybrids on the road ASAP , so it 's announced a $ 23.5 million dollar program to help VW and other automakers develop such vehicles within four years .
Germany 's environmental minister , Sigmar Gabriel , says there could be 1 million hybrids on the road in Germany by 2020 and 10 million a decade after that .
Photos by Volkswagen .
I could n’t help but feel sorry for the director Ang Lee when plans for this summer ’s new movie , The Incredible Hulk , first leaked .
For all of his own 2003
Hulk ’s problems — it was painfully long and ignored the comic ’s original story , for starters — it remains overly maligned , and this new movie , starring Edward Norton as Bruce Banner , so consciously aims to avoid its “ mistakes ” that I would n’t be surprised if all remaining DVD copies were being systematically bought and burned by Marvel Enterprises .
If you thought that Lee ’s film took too long to set up the back - story , you ’ll be pleased that the new film distills all necessary exposition into the wordless opening credits .
If you thought Lee ’s Hulk looked too green and cartoony , the visual effects team for Louis Leterrier ’s new version have gone out of their way to darken the beast , adding veins and texture until he now looks like a ‘ roided - out cousin of the cinematic Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , or even the more reptilian specimens of the Gremlins movies .
The 2003 film was self - consciously styled like a multi- panel comic book , but the new movie goes even deeper into Hulk - specific lore : they repeat the 70s TV show ’s gimmick of having Banner ’s eyes turn green , the beast himself is voiced by that show ’s Hulk , Lou Ferrigno ( also present in a cameo ) , and there ’s a pretty funny play on the show ’s famous “ You would n’t like me when I ’m angry ” tag line .
Leterier and his screenwriter Zak Penn even repeatedly address the most nagging suspension - of - disbelief problem with the Hulk story — do his pants grow with him , or what ?
But other than that , the 2008 Incredible Hulk is summer action movie business - as - usual .
Leterrier ’s not a bad director , and I do credit him for keeping his blockbuster to a relatively svelte 114 minutes , but movies like this do n’t even feel like products of actual filmmaking .
They feel like unconscionably loud assaults on the senses , focus - group tested to appeal the broadest possible audience in order to recoup their bloated budgets .
Is it faint praise to say that The Incredible Hulk is a decent - to - good movie from a hollow , worthless genre ?
Indeed it is , and it ’s the most honest praise I can muster .
For the unfamiliar , the Hulk is one of the Marvel Universe ’s most tortured and sad inhabitants .
Poisoned by gamma radiation during a government weapons experiment , scientist Bruce Banner discovers that when his pulse goes over 200 beats per minute , he transforms into a massive , destructive green beast that stands about ten feet tall and can throw an 18 - wheeler like Nolan Ryan threw fastballs .
These rampages are also out - of - body experiences for Banner , however , and during one he injures his colleague and romantic interest Betty Ross ( Jennifer Connelly in ’ 03 , here played by Liv Tyler ) .
Ross ’s dad happens to be an army General , however , and the one in charge of the gamma experiment at that .
He orders the U.S. Army to capture Banner by any means necessary in order to harness his powers for artillery purposes .
All superhero myths deal with the protagonists ’ balance between their capacity for greatness and their desire for “ normal ” existence , but the Hulk may be the only character who seems genuinely disgusted with himself .
Banner spends most of his screen time lamenting his lot and trying to permanently rid himself of his superpower : “ I do n’t want to control it , I want to get rid of it , ” he tells Betty in the new movie .
As for that power itself , it ’s pretty unfulfilling as they go ; once the pulse hits the danger zone , he goes on a destructive spree , his skin impervious to all army firepower , and the whole event ends with him in exile from humanity .
Audiences are left to sympathize with a guy who ’s either beleaguered and unhappy or monstrous and destructive .
As a character , the Hulk is somewhere between King Kong and a recovering alcoholic , complete with violent blackouts ( the new film even has a recurring “ Days Since Last Incident ” ticker ) ; that ’s manna for adroit comic makers like Hulk creators Stan Lee and Jack Kirby — not to mention the solitary , young readers who buy them — but it ’s a lot of sturm und drang to foist on pleasure - seeking moviegoers .
Somehow people still blamed Ang Lee for failing to rake in tickets five years ago .
The obvious solution for getting people excited about a Hulk movie is therefore to up the destructive ante and turn the monster ’s bouts of rage into cacophonous CGI symphonies indistinguishable from whatever other special effects - laden nonsense is competing for theater space .
Leterrier even added another Hulk - sized villain , his main comic book nemesis Abomination .
Played by Tim Roth , Abomination is the gamma - infused version of government bounty hunter Emil Blonsky .
Blonsky ’s a power - hungry type who willingly undergoes a procedure to transform himself into the Hulk ’s equal , but who cares ?
Whatever motivation or characterization there is behind the Blonsky character , it ’s all just buildup to the inevitable 500 - decible dogfight that ensues between the monsters in Act Three .
I was entertained by The Incredible Hulk — occasionally even exhilarated by Leterrier ’s sweeping shots of the Brazilian shantytown where Banner hides out — although I mainly felt condescended to .
For a movie concerning government tampering and rife with topical issues ( what is the Hulk if not a potential WMD ? ) , this is a profoundly safe movie .
Everything in the film , from the chemistry - less love story to the second - act comic relief of Tim Blake Nelson ’s scientist role , feels like the product of a terrified and cowardly marketing research team .
And that ’s the problem with movies like The Incredible Hulk : they are products first , and necessarily so .
Hundreds of millions of dollars are pumped into these summer blockbusters , so the emphasis has to be on pleasing as many people as possible : genuine comic fanboys , girls and women , young children , fast food and toy companies looking for tie - in bait , Generation - X moviegoers who grew up with TV show , and of course television syndication distributors .
The scripts therefore become a mishmash of romantic yearning , pubescent angst , easily identifiable good and bad characters , and special effects sequences that bludgeon everyone in the theater as if to remind us , “ You Are Being Entertained Now . ”
Hulk and Abomination even rumble in front of Harlem ’s Apollo Theater , lest the audience forget that it ’s showtime .
Much has been made of younger generations ’ supposed immunity to screen violence thanks to video games and mass media , but what of the more general audience desensitization to this empty form of entertainment - as - bludgeoning ?
Every time a CGI creature like Leterrier ’s Hulk wreaks havoc in a recognizable metropolis , movie audiences lose a little bit of appreciation for what a subtle art the suspenseful set piece really is .
Contrary to current popular belief , sensory overload has very little to do with it ; the ear - splitting volume and computerized shots of industrial shrapnel flying towards the audience may work in a post - THX multiplex , but they do n’t tease or excite our sense of human drama .
I was in a half - crowded bar two weeks ago , just enjoying conversation with friends , when one of the employees had the terrific idea to scratch whatever Food Network rerun was on the TV and pop in a DVD of Jaws .
Spielberg ’s 1975 masterpiece is the original summer blockbuster , and yet it ’s astounding to see how little resemblance it bears to this era ’s crop of supposed crowd - pleasers .
The TV was on mute , yet you could overhear every bar conversation slowly acknowledge Jaws ’ presence in the room .
Even without John Williams ’ famous score , Spielberg ’s visual sense is hypnotic and tense on its own .
You can watch the drama of the movie unfold without any sound at all ( or , in the case at hand , with decontextualizing background chatter and bar music ) because Spielberg ’s camera so perfectly frames the drama .
Whether shooting from the shark ’s perspective or letting the frame bounce with the waves while aboard Robert Shaw ’s skipper , Spielberg continuously uses visuals to heighten the sense of fear in his movie , making the shark a threatening , lurking presence in the film even though we do n’t see it for nearly an hour .
Most importantly , Spielberg knew ( and knows ) that fear and suspense are emotional states as well as physical ones , and as such are heightened when the onscreen dangers happen to characters we actually care about .
Hence the relative visual calm of his movies compared to The Incredible Hulk ; he is n’t afraid to pause and let his characters converse or laugh .
To act , in other words , which is a sorely missing element in our current conception of summer blockbusters .
When everything — both the budget and screen time — is subservient to CGI - created characters and events , the best a director can hope for is that his film will have a few years of good DVD sales before people move on to the next punch in the face .
Too bad for Ang Lee .
The Hulk is a tricky commodity to pull off in this form : the pain at the heart of his character seems to require a director who ’s willing to take audiences to a psychologically difficult place , but the physical aspects of his character require CGI mayhem and at least three long sequences of him throwing cars .
The closest that any modern superhero movie has come to obtaining this balance is Christopher Nolan ’s Batman Begins from 2005 .
Nolan performed the revisionist feat that Leterrier was supposed to achieve , only going in the opposite direction .
He did away with the gloss and one - liners that ruined Joel Schumacher ’s abysmal Gotham City attempts and instead embraced the extreme psychological darkness at the Batman myth ’s core .
Then he hired a fantastic crew of actors , minimized the forcefulness of his special effects , and shot a visually compelling movie filled with shadow and fog .
It was a movie for people who cared about Batman , not a Batman movie for the biggest possible audience .
The new Incredible Hulk is n’t a Schumacher - level disaster , but it ’s a complacent film , maybe even a step backwards .
Ang Lee at least attempted to shake up the summer - movie conventions to which Leterrier hews so closely .
The Lee version was a noble failure , but it at least had vision .
Edward Norton , who also helped write the script and served as a general artistic guide for the new film , seemed like the right guy to return the blockbuster formula to its humanistic Spielbergian roots ; he showed impeccable understanding of the best 1970s Hollywood conventions in the criminally under - appreciated 2006 film Down in the Valley .
But alas , no matter how much money this new Hulk may make , it is n’t a memorable film in any important way .
It ’s symptomatic of a larger cultural expectation for relentless , soulless action during the summertime , and an unfortunately spineless homage to the dark vision of Lee and Kirby .
Save us , Dark Knight .
My X server just shut down leaving me with a black screen full of messages , mostly relating to vlc .
In the middle of all this was the above message .
Do we have a developer with a sense of humour or is this something I should be worried about ?
I never run the system as root although I usually leave a root terminal open .
Bizarre .
After being laid off from her job as an events planner at an upscale resort , Jo Ann Bauer struggled financially .
She worked at several lower - paying jobs , relocated to a new city and even declared bankruptcy .
Then in December , she finally accepted her parents ’ invitation to move into their home -- at age 52 .
“ I ’m back living in the bedroom that I grew up in , ” she said .
Taking shelter with parents is n’t uncommon for young people in their 20s , especially when the job market is poor .
But now the slumping economy and the credit crunch are forcing some children to do so later in life -- even in middle age .
Financial planners report receiving many calls from parents seeking advice about taking in their grown children after divorces and layoffs .
Advertisement
Kim Foss Erickson , a financial planner in Roseville , Calif. , north of Sacramento , said she had never seen older children , even those in their 50s , depending so much on their parents as in the last six months .
“ This is not like , ‘ OK , my son just graduated from college and needs to move back in ’ type of thing , ” she said .
“ These are 40 - and 50 - year - old children of my clients that they ’re helping out . ”
Parents “ jeopardize their financial freedom by continuing to subsidize their children , ” said Karin Maloney Stifler , a financial planner in Hudson , Ohio , and a board member of the Financial Planning Assn .
“ We have a hard time saying no as a culture to our children , and they keep asking for more . ”
Bauer ’s parents wo n’t take rent money or let her help much with groceries .
She ’s trying to save several hundred dollars a month for a house while working as a meetings coordinator .
Advertisement
Bauer would prefer to live on her own , but without her parents ’ help she would “ probably be renting again and trying to stick minimal money in the bank , ” she said .
Shirley Smith , 80 , said she and her husband did n’t hesitate when they invited Bauer to return to their home in Eden , Wis .
Buying groceries for another person is n’t stretching her budget too much , she said .
“ I ’ve got three kids and any of them can come home if they want , ” she said .
But plenty of well - meaning parents must delay retirement or scale back their dreams because they have to help their children , Stifler said .
Advertisement
Some of Erickson ’s clients are giving as much as $ 50,000 at a time to their kids , many of whom have overextended themselves with big houses or lavish lifestyles .
And the sliding economy might threaten their jobs .
Parents feel guilty if they do n’t offer help , but she warns them to be careful with their savings .
“ I almost have to act like a financial therapist if you will , ” she said .
“ ‘ Here is the line I ’m drawing for you .
That ’s fine .
You can do up to this point , but at this point , now you ’re starting to erode your own wealth . ’ ”
Anna Maggiore , 27 , lost her job as a publicist in Los Angeles about three years ago and moved into her parents ’ house in Los Alamos , N.M .
Advertisement
She tried to find jobs , but nothing stuck , so she enrolled full - time at the College of Santa Fe to finish her bachelor ’s degree in business .
She figures her parents spend about $ 1,000 a month on her , including a car payment , car and health insurance , school and other costs .
Her father is a retired nuclear physicist and her mother , a guidance counselor , will retire this spring .
Now Maggiore is looking for work so she can supplement their income .
“ It ’s kind of hitting me finally that I need to get out there and find a job , ” she said .
“ Even if it ’s just part - time just to help out however I can . ”
A new survey by retiree - advocacy group AARP found that one - fourth of Generation Xers , those 28 to 39 years old , receive financial help from family and friends .
Advertisement
The online survey of nearly 1,800 people ages 19 to 39 also found 57 % believed they were “ financially independent . ”
But in a separate question , 33 % said they received financial support from family and friends .
Bauer was caught by surprise when her job at a resort in Kohler , Wis. , was cut four years ago , one year after she got divorced .
The single mother bounced around to several lesser - paying jobs , declared bankruptcy and even moved 60 miles south to Milwaukee .
Her daughter , now 12 , moved in with Bauer ’s ex-husband near her hometown .
Bauer decided to move to be closer to her and in December she found a job with the Experimental Aircraft Assn. in nearby Oshkosh , Wis .
She tried to buy a house but needed 5 % down and had only 2 % .
She ’s now saving for a down payment and hopes to have it as early as June .
Advertisement
Bauer said she gets along well with her parents and knows she ’ll never get to spend so much time with them again .
But it hurts her ego to live at home .
“ I ’ve had people say to me , ‘ Oh God , I could never do that , ’ ” she said .
“ But you take humble steps in order to move forward . ”
In today ’s world , no one can afford to buy a home without applying for some kind of loan in the form of a mortgage .
Mortgages are controlled by various lending companies which can include banks , credit unions , and even individuals .
These parties make their money by charging interest on the loan .
A mortgage is the pledging of a property as a security for a mortgage loan .
While a mortgage in itself is not a debt , it is evidence of a debt .
It is a transfer of an interest in land , from the owner to the mortgage lender , on the condition that this interest will be returned to the owner of the real estate when the terms of the mortgage have been satisfied or performed .
Because a mortgage revolves around the lending and repayment of money in order for lenders to make a profit , it is important that they loan to individuals who are as secure as possible ; the general rule is that the more secure the individual as far as past and present money matters , the more money he or she will be lent .
After all , the lender is taking a risk with his or her own funds , and will want them paid back .
The main way in which lenders will establish your security is by looking at your income and your past when it comes to credit .
Most of the time this is all right , but what if you have filed for bankruptcy somewhere in the past ?
Will you still qualify for a mortgage ?
How much time has passed ?
Read
The first thing you need to look at is how much time has passed since your bankruptcy file was discharged .
Most sources recommend waiting for two years before applying for a mortgage after a bankruptcy has been discharged ; this will give you enough time to recover your credit and re-establish a secure reputation .
Here are some ways that you can do it .
Think small to start !
You wo n’t be getting a million dollar loan approval two years after a personal bankruptcy .
Instead , you will have to be satisfied with getting a smaller loan for a small house .
If you are careful , though , you will probably be able to take advantage of equity and upgrade fairly quickly .
Start saving money .
One thing that will really help you when it comes to getting a mortgage for a new home is to have some money saved for a down payment .
While individuals no longer HAVE to put a down payment on a house in order to take ownership , it will demonstrate to lenders that you carefully shepherd your resources and have the ability to make money .
Re-establish your credit .
Finally , you are going to have to prove to lenders that you can repay borrowed money , and the way to do that is by going through other lenders for smaller amounts .
This means using lines of credit and credit cards , but of course make sure you can pay the borrowed money back every time !
So it is possible to get a mortgage after a bankruptcy , it will just take time and discipline to do so .
Formatting may be lacking as a result .
If this article is un-readable please report it so that we may fix it .
Posted on June 26 , 2008 , Jonathan Kid Icarus , Doom 4 , Alan Wake , and Half - Life Episode 3 Confirmed for E3
Scouring the list of scheduled games for E3 is yielding some interesting titles that should be making an appearance .
Right now , there are listings for Kid Icarus Wii , Doom 4 , Alan Wake , and Half - Life Episode 3 .
So let ’s see , that ’s one game that Nintendo fans have been wanting for years , one game that may or may not push some graphical boundaries while scaring the crap out of people , one game that ’s been in development since the last generation of consoles , and one game that should finally finish up a trilogy .
We knew there were already going to be some great titles showing up , like Little Big Planet and Gears of War 2 , but these ones definitely bump the excitement up a notch .
I hope that Half - Life listing indicates they ’re releasing that one sooner , rather than later .
E3 is already looking to be a pretty exciting time for gamers everywhere .
Tomas Rosicky has been ruled out of the remainder of the season and is now very doubtful for Euro 2008 .
Czech winger continues to struggle with knee problem
Risk
Preparation
Tomas Rosicky has been ruled out of the remainder of the season and is now very doubtful for Euro 2008 .
The Czech Republic international limped out of Arsenal 's FA Cup victory over Newcastle back in January with a knee injury and has been unable to feature for his club or country since .
Now sidelined for the Gunners ' Premier League title tilt , the winger is facing an anxious wait to see whether he will be able to line up for the Czech Republic in Austria and Switzerland this summer .
The national side 's team doctor Petr Krejci is in regular contact with the midfielder and admits that the situation looks bleak .
" It is possible that the problem could fade away in two weeks , but it could also last for another three months , " he told .
" Since he has already been out for two months , we are in a tricky situation .
" Karel ( Bruckner , Czech manager ) is also very worried about it .
Tomas is a big player for us and he would be a big loss .
" He can run and jog now , but when he does it for a prolonged period of time it begins to hurt him .
" He would be afraid of sprinting at the moment and as such he is yet to resume full training .
We are not prepared to risk him ahead of Euro 2008 .
" He is already resigned to missing the rest of the Premier League season , so his priority now is the European Championships .
" Deputy chairman of the Czech football federation ( CMFS ) Vlastimil Kostal is also concerned that even if Rosicky does recover in time to make the squad his fitness levels may not be at a suitable level for international competition .
" If I am being honest I am worried that he will not be fit enough for Euro 2008 , " he said .
" From the point of view that he will not have done enough training , it is not certain that he would be well prepared . "
If Rosicky is eventually ruled out of this summer 's tournament there is likely to be a clamour for Pavel Nedved to return from international retirement having already stepped out of the wilderness once to feature at the 2006 World Cup .
Gakutensoku is Asia 's oldest modern robot , built in 1928 for the ascension of the Emperor Showa ( aka Hirohito ) .
Twice as tall as the emperor at 10 feet , 6 inches , it could tilt its head , blink , smile and puff up its chest and cheeks with a system of inflatable rubber tubes .
Long lost in Germany before returning to Osaka , it 's been restored and brought back to life with a $ 200,000 computer - controlled pneumatic servo system .
But it definitely still moves like an 80 - year - old — very slowly .
Check out the video of it in motion below , it 's like a robot from " It 's a Small World , " but even more uncanny and creepier .
Advertisement
[ Pink Tentacle , Asahi ]
The Cocaine Auction Protocol :
On the Power of Anonymous Broadcast
Frank Stajano and Ross Anderson
Traditionally , cryptographic protocols are described as a sequence of steps , in each of which one principal sends a message to another .
It is implicitly assumed that the fundamental communication primitive is necessarily one - to - one , and protocols addressing anonymity tend to resort to the composition of multiple elementary transmissions in order to frustrate traffic analysis .
This paper builds on a case study , of an anonymous auction between mistrustful principals with no trusted arbitrator , to introduce " anonymous broadcast " as a new protocol building block .
This primitive is , in many interesting cases , a more accurate model of what actually happens during transmission .
With certain restrictions it can give a particularly efficient implementation technique for many anonymity - related protocols .
Frank gave ( an evolving version of ) the Cocaine Auction talk on the following occasions :
Back to Frank Stajano's or Ross Anderson 's home page
validated ( recheck )
USA TODAY GALLUP POLL USA TODAY GALLUP POLL If Barack Obama wins the presidential election , do you think race relations will : Non-Hispanic Whites Blacks Hispanics Get better 54 % 65 % 63 % Not change 25 % 16 % 21 % Get worse 20 % 16 % 13 % If Obama loses , do you think race relations will : Non-Hispanic Whites Blacks Hispanics Get better 13 % 18 % 14 % Not change 54 % 45 % 56 % Get worse 31 % 34 % 26 % Source : USA TODAY / Gallup Poll taken June 5 - July 6 of 702 non-Hispanic whites , 608 blacks and 502 Hispanics .
Margins of error : Plus - or - minus 5 to Plus - or - minus 6 percentage points .
WASHINGTON  Barack Obama 's groundbreaking candidacy has raised high expectations among blacks and whites that his election would make race relations in the United States better .
A USA TODAY / Gallup Poll of nearly 2,000 Americans also finds about a third of both groups say the defeat of the first black to win a major party 's presidential nomination would worsen race relations .
The survey underscores the unusual stakes in this election even though neither Democrat Obama nor Republican John McCain has sought to cast their contest as a matter of racial politics but rather one of different prescriptions for the nation .
Obama is slightly ahead of McCain in Gallup 's daily nationwide tracking poll , 46 % - 43 % .
" Much of the Obama campaign has been fueled by hope that if he is successful he could address the most divisive issue in American politics , which is the issue of race , " says political scientist Vincent Hutchings of the University of Michigan , but he says blacks and whites have conflicting perspectives on what that means .
" Many blacks look to Obama to help address issues of racial inequality , " Hutchings says .
" For many whites , Obama 's success is Exhibit A that racism or racial barriers are not entirely evaporated but are really not a major problem in America any more . "
Tensions between black leaders about the right approach to problems in the black community were evident last week when Jesse Jackson , who twice sought the Democratic nomination , apologized for using a crude phrase to criticize Obama in private comments heard on a live microphone .
The Illinois senator has emerged as the leading spokesman for black America : 29 % of blacks name him as the person who speaks for them on issues of race , more than all other public figures combined .
Six percent identify civil - rights activist Al Sharpton , 4 % cite Jackson .
Among other findings : • A majority of blacks , whites and Hispanics say Obama 's election would make race relations better .
Blacks are most optimistic : 23 % say it would make relations " a lot better , " compared to 13 % of whites .
•
A majority of whites and Hispanics and 45 % of blacks say Obama 's defeat would n't affect race relations , but 18 % of blacks predict a loss would make race relations " a lot worse ; " just 6 % of whites agree .
•
By overwhelming margins , those surveyed say Obama 's election would open up opportunities for other African Americans in national politics .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
With a Callable monad and Parallel Strategies in hand , we ’re ready to construct some general - purpose parallel functions of a higher order .
Something we ’ll want to do quite often in parallel programming is run a function over a whole list of values , in parallel .
So often , in fact , that it would be very tedious and repetitive to write a loop every time we want to do this , sparking off threads for each function call , and collecting the results .
Instead , what we ’re going to develop next is a kind of parallel list functor .
That is , a higher - order function that will turn any function into a function that operates on every element of a list simultaneously .
First , let ’s get some terminology out of the way , since I ’ve been accused of not defining my terms .
A higher - order function is simply a function that takes a function as an argument .
A functor is any type T for which there exists a higher - order function , call it fmap , that transforms a function of type F < A , B > into a function F < T < A > , T < B > >.
This fmap function must also obey the laws of identity and composition such that the following expressions return true for all x , p , and q :
fmap( identity ( ) ) .f( x ) == x fmap ( compose ( p , q ) ) . f( x ) == fmap ( p ) . f( fmap ( q ) . f( x ) )
Here , identity is a first - class function of type F < A , A > that just returns its argument , and compose is function composition .
Composition is defined to mean that compose ( p , q ) .f( x ) is the same as p.f( q.f( x ) ) .
For example , Functional Java ’s List class is a functor , because it comes equipped with a method List < B> map ( F < A , B> f ) which obeys the laws above .
The implementation of List ’s map method is trivial :
It iterates over the list , calling the given function for each element , and returns the list of the results .
There ’s a lot of information about functors and monads on the Internet , and I ’ve written about them before , with examples in Java .
Tony Morris also wrote a great post where he explains functors as “ function application in an environment ” .
That ’s a good way of looking at things .
I also want to make it clear , if you ’re just now tuning in , that I ’m using classes from Functional Java in the code examples , in addition to classes from the J2SE concurrency library .
Basically only Callable and Future are from the J2SE library .
Strategy , List , and the Callables utility class are from Functional Java .
The code used here is from the latest trunk head revision of that library and may differ from the current official release .
Now , let ’s get to the money .
Mapping Over a List in Parallel
We ’re going to make a very similar kind of thing to a list functor , except it ’s going to map a function over a list in parallel .
Our parallel list transformation will take the form of a static method called parMap .
It will take any existing function and turn it into a parallel function on lists .
That is , if we already have written a function that takes an Integer and returns a String , we can pass that function to parMap , and it will return us a function that takes a list of Integers and returns a list of Strings .
This means that nothing has to be rewritten or refactored to support the mapping of a function over a list in parallel .
The parMap function will convert our existing code to parallel code , at runtime .
Here ’s parMap :
public < B > F< List < B > , Callable < List < A >>> parMap ( final F< B , A > f ) { return new F< List < B > , Callable < List < A >>>( ) { public Callable < List < A >> f ( final List < B> as ) { return sequence ( as.map( compose ( par ( ) , callable ( f ) ) ) ) ; } } ; }
That ’s a lot of power for so little code .
Let ’s read through what it does .
It takes a function f and returns a new function that takes a list called as .
This new function transforms f with Callables .
callable to wrap its return type in a callable ( or : callable ( f ) applies the Kleisli arrow for Callables to f ) , and composes that with a function called par ( ) .
It then maps the resulting composition over the list as , which will result in a list of Callables , which we turn into a Callable of a List with the sequence function .
The only new thing here is par ( ) , which is a very simple instance method on Strategy :
public F< Callable < A> , Callable < A >> par ( ) { return compose ( Strategy . < A>obtain ( ) , f ( ) ) ; }
So par ( ) is just the Strategy ’s function composed with the obtain ( ) method that we created in Part 1 .
This turns the Future back into a Callable so that we can manipulate it in a lazy manner .
This little guy is the meat of parMap .
That is , parMap is basically just mapping par ( ) over a list .
The result of parMap ( myFun ) .
f( myList ) , then , is a Callable of a list that , when called , will give us the results of calling my Fun on every element of myList in parallel .
What ’s more , it will work for any kind of parallelisation Strategy , and it will return immediately ( remember , Callable is lazy ) , ready for us to make further calculations on the results even while those results are being calculated .
I think that ’s pretty cool .
Nested Parallelism
Sometimes the problem at hand is not quite so flat that it can be solved with just a map over a list .
You might have a need for nested traversal of lists , where for every element in a list you traverse another list .
We can model that behaviour with a higher - order function very similar to parMap , except that it takes a function that generates a list .
This higher - order function is parFlatMap :
public static < A , B > Callable < List < B >> parFlatMap ( final Strategy < List < B >> s , final F< A , List < B >> f , final List < A > as ) { return fmap ( List .< B>join_ ( ) ) .f( s.parMap(f ) .f( as ) ) ; }
In this definition , fmap is from the Callable monad , as described in Part 1 .
Notice that parFlatMap provides an example use of parMap , using it to turn the given function into a parallel function .
The call to parMap with that function will actually yield a Callable < List < List < B > >>
( can you see why ? ) , so we use a final join lifted into the Callable environment with fmap , to turn the List of Lists into just a List .
The parFlatMap function is analogous to a parallel list monad , and it works very much like a parallel version of nested loops .
For example , given a list of Points pts , a distance function dist that takes two Points and returns the distance between them , and a Strategy < Double > s , we can use parFlatMap to calculate the distance between every Point and every other , in parallel :
Callable < List < Double >> distances = parFlatMap(s , new F< Point , List < Double >>( ) { public List < Double > f( final Point p ) { return pts.map( dist .f( p ) ) ; } } , pts ) ;
The inner “ loop ” is represented by List.map , so we ’re traversing the list serially , multiplying every element in parallel with each element in sequence .
I.e. the outer loop is parallel and the inner loop is serial .
It ’s quite possible to replace map with parMap , and I ’ll leave that as an exercise for the reader ( hint : you will need both fmap and join ) .
Note that the call to parFlatMap will return immediately , and the computation will be carried out in the background .
Position - Wise Parallelism and Concurrent Folding
Another function I want to talk about is the parZipWith function .
By contrast to parFlatMap , it is like a parallel version of a single loop over two lists .
Values from each list are taken at matching positions and the pairs are fed through the argument function all at the same time :
public static < A , B , C > F2 < List < A > , List < B > , Callable < List < C >>> parZipWith ( final Strategy <C> s , final F2 < A , B , C > f ) { return new F2 < List < A > , List < B > , Callable < List < C >>>( ) { public Callable < List < C >> f( final List < A > as , final List < B > bs ) { return sequence ( as.zipWith ( bs , compose ( Callables . <B , C>arrow ( ) , curry ( f ) ) ) .map ( s.par ( ) ) ) ; } } ; }
You will note that parZipWith simply uses zipWith from Functional Java ’s List class .
There ’s some manouvering required to turn the argument function into the right form .
The curry method turns the F2 < A , B , C > into the equivalent F< A , F < B , C > > ( sometimes called a Curried function ) .
The arrow function is the first - class Kleisli arrow for Callables .
That just means that composing it with f yields a version of f which returns a Callable .
Let ’s take an example of using parZipWith to do useful work .
If we had a list of Points representing a path , and we wanted to get the total length of the path , we could zip the list and its tail ( every element except the first ) with the dist function and take the sum of the results :
Double length = parZipWith (s , dist ) .f( pts , pts.tail ( ) ).call().foldLeft(curry ( sum ) , 0 ) ;
For brevity ’s sake , I ’m pretending that there ’s already a function called sum , which is just an F2 < Double , Double , Double > that returns the sum of its two arguments .
If foldLeft is something new to you , then have a look at one implementation of it .
It ’s a more general abstraction of a for - loop than map ( ) is .
Folding a list { 1,2,3} with the sum function ( and 0 ) can be thought of as replacing all the commas with plusses to yield [ 0+1+2+3 ] .
We could have just as well iterated over the list , adding each value to a total , instead of using a foldLeft function .
But we did n’t , for a reason that will become apparent presently .
There ’s something about the above example that ’s dissatisfying .
We ’re getting the distances in parallel , but then call ( ) sticks out like a sore thumb .
The computation will block until the list of distances is ready , then it will fold the list with the sum function .
What ’s worse , call ( ) might throw an Exception .
There ’s a way we can avoid all that by traversing the list of distances while they ’re being calculated .
What we need to do is somehow lift the foldLeft function into the Callable environment .
The call to foldLeft above turns a List < Double > into a Double .
What we want is to avoid the call to call ( ) , and turn our Callable < List < Double > > into a Callable < Double > directly .
This is really easy to do , and it ’s a good thing we ’re using a folding function rather than a for - loop .
Here ’s what we do :
Callable < List < Double >> edges = parZipWith(s , dist ) .f( pts , pts.tail ( ) ) ; Callable < Double > length = par( fmap( List.<B , B>foldLeft ( ) .f( curry ( sum ) ) .
f( 0 ) ) .f( edges ) ) ;
There .
No exceptions , and no waiting for results .
This code will return immediately and perform the whole computation in the background .
The part that calculates the edge lengths is the same as before , and we ’re keeping that in a variable edges for clarity .
The other line may require some explanation .
We ’re getting a first - class foldLeft function from the List class , partially applying it to yield a function that folds a List < Double > into a Double .
Then we ’re promoting it with fmap into the Callable monad .
The promoted function then gets applied to edges , and finally the whole fold is evaluated concurrently by passing it to par .
Hopefully you can see what an immensely powerful tool for parallel programming functional style and higher - order functions are , even in Java .
We were able to develop a couple of one - liners above that are terser , clearer , more maintainable , more re-usable ( and more type - safe ) than anything we could write in imperative object - oriented style using producer / consumer , factories , inversion of control , etc .
There ’s no secret sauce , no special syntax , no functional fairy dust .
It ’s just plain old Java with a handful of very useful interfaces .
In the third installment of this series , we will develop a tiny light - weight library for threadless Actors that can juggle millions of simultaneous computations in only a few threads .
Stay close .
Note :
The code herein is adapted from a Haskell library by Phil Trinder , Hans - Wolfgang Loidl , Kevin Hammond et al .
Everyone has been feeling the crunch when buying gas .
As the price creeps closer and closer to $ 5.00 per gallon , more and more people are wondering what they are going to do .
A new program called MyGallons may be the answer .
The system is basically the same as a guaranteed gas price for life system .
Once you purchase the MyGallons Card , you receive a Personal Identification Number ( PIN ) and all the information .
You pay for gas at whatever the price you area has been designated at , then no matter what the price is , you will have a pre-paid card to cover it .
For example , let 's say you have been quoted a price of $ 3.80 pr gallon .
100 gallons would cost you $ 380 at that time .
2 months down the road , gas now costs $ 4.10 per gallon .
100 gallons would cost you $ 410 .
Overall you will have saved $ 30 .
Even though this may not seem like much , you have to remember that gallons never expire .
If 100 gallons will last you 12 months , and the price goes up by $ 1.00 , you will have saved $ 100 in the long run .
For more information and pricing and availability , please visit MyGallons
Clinton adviser quits over China rhetoric
A top expert on China has resigned as an informal adviser to Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s campaign in the wake of the candidate 's increasingly harsh anti-China rhetoric .
Richard Baum , a political science professor at the Center for Chinese Studies at UCLA , resigned in light of what he called “ grossly misguided accusations ” made by Clinton about China .
Advertisement
“ As a lifelong Democrat , it saddens me that Sen.
Clinton has chosen to take the low road in her effort to gain our party ’s presidential nomination , ” Baum said in an e-mail to Politico .
The Clinton campaign did not immediately respond to requests for comment by Politico .
Clinton recently has ratcheted up her anti-China sentiments , criticizing the country on everything from its human rights violations to its undervalued currency .
“ I ’m the only candidate who is n’t just talking about cracking down on China but I have a specific plan on how to do it , ” she told union members at the AFL - CIO ’s Building Trades National Legislative Conference on Wednesday .
“ China should be our trade partner , not our trade master . ”
Baum was part of an informal advisory group of East Asia specialists formed by the campaign in January .
Led by Susan Shirk — who served as deputy assistant secretary of state in the Bureau of East Asia and Pacific Affairs under President Bill Clinton from 1997 to 2000 — the group of a dozen or so advisers has given the campaign input on issues affecting U.S. foreign policy in Asia .
Shirk now directs the University of California ’s system - wide Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation .
She could not be reached for comment .
Over the past three or four months , Baum said , the group held several telephone conferences with the campaign .
During those calls , a few members advised Clinton to avoid what they considered “ gratuitous China bashing , ” particularly on inflammatory issues such as human rights violations , the trade deficit , currency valuation and the loss of American jobs to China .
“ Our reasoning was that while China certainly bears a share of responsibility for these ( and other ) problems , much ( if not most ) of the blame , at least on the economic issues , lies elsewhere , ” Baum wrote in an e-mail .
He attributed the problems , at least in part , to America ’s high level of consumption , deficit spending and selective trade protectionism .
On the question of human rights , Baum said he and others in the advisory group believe the Chinese leaders respond better to persistent advice than “ self - righteous finger - pointing aimed at publicly shaming and humiliating them . ”
Clinton , however , took a different approach .
In early April , she urged President Bush to boycott the opening ceremonies of the Beijing Olympics , citing China ’s recent violent crackdown on Tibetan protesters and refusal to condemn the genocide in Darfur .
That sounded some alarm bells for Baum and other members of the advisory group , who felt that a presidential decision to boycott the ceremony could have long - term diplomatic ramifications .
“ Calls for a presidential boycott should not be opportunistically injected into Democratic Party politics during a heated presidential primary campaign , ” Baum said .
A week later , Baum felt that Clinton crossed a line .
At an appearance April 14 at a trade forum in Pittsburgh , she called for punitive trade sanctions and retaliatory measures against China .
That ’s when he decided to resign .
Since then , she ’s continued to hammer China on a host of issues .
“ I will get tough on China , ” she said on Wednesday during the speech in Washington .
“ Because right now , China ’s steel comes here , our jobs go there .
China ’s exports , our jobs across the economy are sent there .
We play by the rules , they manipulate their currency .
We get tainted fish , lead - based toys , polluted pharmaceuticals . ”
Her stance is particularly curious given her husband ’s historic support for China .
Then - President Bill Clinton made his first visit to mainland China in 1998 , making him the first president to visit since troops crushed pro-democracy demonstrators in Tiananmen Square in 1989 .
At the time , Republicans in Congress attacked Clinton for his decision to be welcomed by China ’s president , Jiang Zemin , in Tiananmen Square .
“ I believe that leaders of vision and imagination and courage will find a way to put China on the right side of history — and keep it there , ” he famously said during that visit .
On Friday , The Huffington Post reported that the former president has earned $ 1.25 million for six speaking engagements for Chinese businesses and forums since leaving the White House .
He also pushed for more open economic relations between the U.S. and China .
Of course , not all China experts agree with Baum ’s strong stance .
Every president since Nixon , after getting into office , has moved toward greater engagement with China , said Kenneth Lieberthal , a professor at the University of Michigan ’s business school and former special assistant to President Clinton on Asia - related issues .
Lieberthal , who declined to comment on his relationship with the Clinton campaign , has said he would advise against boycotting the Beijing Olympics .
“ I thought [ Clinton ’s speech ] reflected what unfortunately tends to happen in political campaigns , which is that there is an effort to tell the story that fits well with the preconceptions of the audience , ” he said .
Beth Frerking contributed to this report .
Lazy imports can be done either explicitly , by moving import statements inside functions ( instead of at the global level ) , or by using tools such as LazyImport from egenix .
Here 's why they suck :
> fetchall ( PgSQL:3227 ) --> __fetchOneRow ( PgSQL:2804 ) ----> typecast ( PgSQL:874 ) ... 26703 function calls later ...
----< typecast ( PgSQL:944 ) : < mx.DateTime.DateTime object for ' 2005-08-15 00:00:00.00 ' at 2713120 > 3477.321ms
Yes , folks , that single call took 3.4 seconds to run !
That would be shorter if I were n't tracing calls , but ...ick .
Do n't make your first customer wait like this in a high - performance app .
The solution if you 're stuck with lazy imports in code you do n't control is to force them to be imported early :
mx.DateTime.Parser.DateFromString('2001-01-01 ')
Now that same call :
> fetchall ( PgSQL:3227 ) --> __fetchOneRow ( PgSQL:2804 ) ----> typecast ( PgSQL:874 ) ... 7 function calls later ...
----< typecast ( PgSQL:944 ) : < mx.DateTime.DateTime object for ' 2005-08-15 00:00:00.00 ' at 27cf360 > 1.270ms
That 's 1/3815th the number of function calls and 1/2738th the run time .
I am not missing decimal points .
Not only is this time - consuming for the first requestor , but lends itself to nasty interactions when a second request starts before the first is done with all the imports .
Module import is one of the least - thread - safe parts of almost any app , because people are used to expecting all imports in the main thread at process start .
I 'm trying very hard not to rail at length about WSGI frameworks that expect to start up applications during the first HTTP request ... but it 's so tempting .
As a dog owner , it is important that you take note of the safety and security of your pet .
Apparently , the world is full of risks and dangers .
And accidents may happen , especially to your ever loving furry friend .
Most people do n't realize that dogs should be put in a doggy car seat , which is dangerous to not use .
Dogs are like children .
They are very curious about the things that surround them .
And it is quite easy for them to tackle anything that may peak their interests .
With that being said , it is gravely needed that you consider all the things that may endanger them to keep doggie safe .
Dogs and Foods
When giving foods to your dogs , make sure that it is appropriate for them .
Anything that is contaminated may seriously harm them .
Also , there certain ingredients and types of food that are not allowed to be given to dogs because it may lead to life - threatening situations .
These foods normally include chocolates and MSG .
In addition , some dogs have specific allergies when it comes to food consumption .
So , it is always wise that you consult first with a vet , especially if the dog is new to your care .
Another thing that you have to keep in mind when feeding your dog is that you should not give them food when they randomly ask for it .
This can be hard for most dog parents and it is a common mistake .
When your dog asks for food even after consuming its scheduled meal , and especially when there are people eating around them , you should not give them any .
This will only encourage them to do the same every time this scenario happens .
Dogs and Being On Outdoors
The first thing you need to do when you own a dog is to buy a collar .
In some states and regions , dog collars are required .
And depending on your location , this may be a requirement too .
But even if it ’s not , it is important for your dog to wear a collar .
Your dog will not be considered as homeless when it is seen wearing a collar .
A collar is a proof of ownership .
And most of the time , this is very useful for dogs who love to escape their owners .
Normally , dog collars contain the name of the dog and the address of its owner and house .
But while some would not include these details , it is still wise for you to have your dog wear a collar .
Another proof of ownership that you may use is a dog chip .
Today , most pet parents would have their dogs chipped through their respective vets .
And this will keep doggie safe from getting lost .
With one scan at any vet clinic , it would automatically show who the owner is and the accompanying details to contact the owner .
Getting a leash is also essential .
But , remember your dog shout not always be on a leash .
Nevertheless , it is vital that you put them on a leash every now and then .
This is naturally a form of training for them .
It apparently shows that you are in - charge over your dog .
And this is very important for them to know that you are the alpha .
When your dog believes otherwise , it can be very difficult for you to manage them .
A leash is also helpful when you are going outdoors .
Some dogs are great when it comes to roads .
Others , however , may find the outdoors too exciting and liberating that may cause them to forget the risks and dangers on roads .
Hence , a leash may help you and your dog .
Dogs and Health
As a dog parent , you should be well aware of your pet ’s overall health .
You must ensure that your dog gets all the proper and needed vaccines .
Usually , these vaccines are on a scheduled basis .
And normally , dogs have their own vaccine books wherein you and your vet could track all the vaccinations .
There should also be a monthly and quarterly check - up for your dog .
This will keep doggie safe from different kinds of illness and diseases .
Keep in mind that dogs are very prone to various kinds of virus and bacteria .
Hence , it is important for you to have them check every now and then .
Some dogs are recommended to be maintained with vitamins and supplements .
And these recommendations are all coming from your vet .
So , it is always important that you talk to your vet regarding these matters .
And speaking of maintenance , you should have your dog groomed by specialists every once in a while .
Although some pet parents may groom their furry kids on their own , it is still recommended that you bring them to pet groomers .
Accordingly , your dog ’s hygiene plays an important role as well in its health and wellness .
The more your dog is well - maintained , the more it will be safe from bacteria and viruses .
Dogs and Surroundings
As mentioned , dogs are like kids .
They are curious by nature which causes them to act carelessly at times .
Although accidents are inevitable , some things and instances are largely preventable .
And one of the most effective ways to prevent unwanted things to happen is to secure the surroundings .
Inside the house , there are many substances that are very harmful to your dog .
Although ( most of the time ) these substances are largely needed inside the house , these should be kept away from their reach .
Freedomnomics Article published Monday , May 26 , 2008 , at Fox News .
Is There Really a Bias Against Women in Politics ?
History Suggests Otherwise
By John R. Lott , Jr. Are women really discriminated against in politics ?
Sen. Hillary Clinton surely thinks so .
Indeed , she believes this year 's presidential campaign has shown that sexism limits women 's influence in politics .
She claimed last week that " every poll I 've seen shows more people would be reluctant to vote for a woman [ than ] to vote for an African American . "
It 's possible that Democrats are particularly sexist , but with women making up the majority of voters , one would think that politicians were ignoring women at their own peril .
In 2004 , women made up 54 percent of voters .
At least through early February of this year , women made up a much greater share of Democrat primary voters  accounting for between 57 and 61 percent of the vote in primaries and caucuses .
But whatever difficulties Clinton might be having , it seems that the policies adopted are much more important than who puts them into action , and the evidence indicates that women have long gotten their way .
Academics have for some time pondered why the government started growing precisely when it did .
The federal government , aside from periods of wartime , consumed about 2 to 3 percent of gross domestic product ( GDP ) up until World War I .
That was the first war in which government spending did n't go all the way back down to its pre-war levels .
Then in the 1920s , non-military federal spending began steadily climbing .
President Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's New Deal  often viewed as the genesis of big government  really just continued an earlier trend .
What changed before Roosevelt came to power that explains the growth of government ?
The answer is women 's suffrage .
For decades , polls have shown that women as a group vote differently than men .
Without the women 's vote , Republicans would have swept every presidential race but one between 1968 and 2004 .
The gender gap exists on various issues .
The major one is the issue of smaller government and lower taxes , which is a much higher priority for men than for women .
This is seen in divergent attitudes held by men and women on many separate issues .
Women were much more opposed to the 1996 federal welfare reforms , which mandated time limits for receiving welfare and imposed some work requirements on welfare recipients .
Women are also more supportive of Medicare , Social Security and educational expenditures .
Studies show that women are generally more risk - averse than men .
This could be why they are more supportive of government programs to ensure against certain risks in life .
Women 's average incomes are also slightly lower and less likely to vary over time , which gives single women an incentive to prefer more progressive income taxes .
Once women get married , however , they bear a greater share of taxes through their husbands ' relatively higher incomes  so their support for high taxes understandably declines .
Marriage also provides an economic explanation for why men and women prefer different policies .
Because women generally shoulder most of the child - rearing responsibilities , married men are more likely to acquire marketable skills that help them earn money outside the household .
If a man gets divorced , he still retains these skills .
But if a woman gets divorced , she is unable to recoup her investment in running the household .
Hence , single women who believe they may marry in the future , as well as married women who most fear divorce , look to the government as a form of protection against this risk from a possible divorce : a more progressive tax system and other government transfers of wealth from rich to poor .
The more certain a woman is that she does n't risk divorce , the more likely she is to oppose government transfers .
Has it always been this way ?
Can women 's suffrage in the late 19th and early 20th centuries help explain the growth of government ?
While the timing of the two events is suggestive , other changes during this time could have played a role .
For example , some argue that Americans became more supportive of bigger government due to the success of widespread economic regulations imposed during World War I .
A good way to analyze the direct effect of women 's suffrage on the growth of government is to study how each of the 48 state governments expanded after women obtained the right to vote .
Women 's suffrage was first granted in western states with relatively few women  Wyoming ( 1869 ) , Utah ( 1870 ) , Colorado ( 1893 ) and Idaho ( 1896 ) .
Women could vote in 29 states before women 's suffrage was achieved nationwide in 1920 with the adoption of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution .
If women 's right to vote increased government , our analysis should show a few definite indicators .
First , suffrage would have a bigger impact on government spending and taxes in states with a greater percentage of women .
And secondly , the size of government in western states should steadily expand as women comprise an increasing share of their population .
Even after accounting for a range of other factors  such as industrialization , urbanization , education and income  the impact of granting of women 's suffrage on per capita state government expenditures and revenue was startling .
Per capita state government spending after accounting for inflation had been flat or falling during the 10 years before women began voting .
But state governments started expanding the first year after women voted and continued growing until within 11 years real per capita spending had more than doubled .
The increase in government spending and revenue started immediately after women started voting .
Yet , as suggestive as these facts are , we must still consider whether suffrage itself caused the growth in government , or did the government expand due to some political or social change that accompanied women 's right to vote ?
Fortunately , there was a unique aspect of suffrage that allows us to answer this question :
Of the 19 states that had not passed women 's suffrage before the approval of the 19th Amendment , nine approved the amendment , while the other 12 had suffrage imposed on them .
If some unknown factor caused both a desire for larger government and women 's suffrage , then government should have only grown in states that voluntarily adopted suffrage .
This , however , is not the case :
After approving women 's suffrage , a similar growth in government was seen in both groups of states .
Women 's suffrage also explains much of the federal government 's growth from the 1920s to the 1960s .
In the 45 years after the adoption of suffrage , as women 's voting rates gradually increased until finally reaching the same level as men's , the size of state and federal governments expanded as women became an increasingly important part of the electorate .
But the battle between the sexes does not end there .
During the early 1970s , just as women 's share of the voting population was leveling off , something else was changing :
The American family began to break down , with rising divorce rates and increasing numbers of out - of - wedlock births .
Over the course of women 's lives , their political views on average vary more than those of men .
Young single women start out being much more liberal than their male counterparts and are about 50 percent more likely to vote Democratic .
As previously noted , these women also support a higher , more progressive income tax as well as more educational and welfare spending .
But for married women this gap is only one - third as large .
And married women with children become more conservative still .
Women with children who are divorced , however , are suddenly about 75 percent more likely to vote for Democrats than single men .
So as divorce rates have increased , due in large part to changing divorce laws , voters have become more liberal .
Women 's suffrage ushered in a sea change in American politics that affected policies aside from taxes and the size of government .
For example , states that granted suffrage were much more likely to pass Prohibition , for the temperance movement was largely dominated by middle - class women .
Although the " gender gap " is commonly thought to have arisen only in the 1960s , female voting dramatically changed American politics from the very beginning .
* John Lott is the author of Freedomnomics and a senior research scientist at the University of Maryland .
Robert Wexler is a surrogate that Barack Obama should be grateful to have on his team .
The Florida Congressman squared off against Republican Eric Cantor yesterday on " Late Edition " and did what every surrogate should do whenever the issue of campaign finance comes up ; namely point out that John McCain is breaking his own campaign finance laws as we speak .
Download Download
CNN :
And one other thing -- Senator McCain 's not in the position to speak about this .
He used his public financing as collateral to get a loan , and then , low and behold , he did n't use it , and he broke the law .
I did n't watch all the Sunday news shows last week , but I 'm pretty sure Wexler was the only person -- surrogate or otherwise -- to make the observation that John McCain has absolutely no standing to lecture others on " failing to keep their word " on the issue of campaign finance reform .
Why Democratic spokespeople are n't on top of this talking point is beyond me .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks during the opening session of Iran 's new parliament , in Tehran May 27 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Raheb Homavandi
ROME ( Reuters ) - Iran ’s President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has asked for an audience next week with Pope Benedict which would be the first meeting between the two leaders , a diplomatic source said on Tuesday .
Ahmadinejad is among the heads of state expected to visit Rome to attend a June 3 - 5 United Nations summit on global food security , hosted by the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization .
Vatican sources said earlier this week that it was not yet clear if the pope would meet individual heads of state attending the U.N. event or hold a collective audience for them in order to save time .
The Vatican has criticized Ahmadinejad for calling for Israel to be wiped off the map .
The Holy See has diplomatic ties with Iran and Pope Benedict has met Iran ’s Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki .
The pontiff has repeatedly encouraged dialogue to resolve differences over Iran ’s disputed nuclear program , which the West says is aimed at making nuclear bombs .
Italy ’s foreign ministry has already ruled out the possibility that conservative Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will hold bilateral talks with the Iranian leader , saying there will not be enough time .
It has been one of the more lingering questions surrounding the shooting of Sean Bell :
How can anyone sustain 19 gunshot wounds and live to tell about it ?
The day after Joseph Guzman had his thorny day in court in the trial of three detectives charged in Mr. Bell ’s death , he became the center of attention during the testimony of the surgeon who kept him alive on Nov. 25 , 2006 .
The surgeon , Dr. Albert Cooper , was attending in the trauma unit of Mary Immaculate Hospital that morning when the call came in announcing two patients with multiple gunshot wounds were en route .
Dr. Cooper , the medical team and hospital staff members convened in the trauma bay and waited , with little idea of what had just transpired .
Mr. Bell , Mr. Guzman and Trent Benefield had just left Mr. Bell ’s bachelor party at Club Kalua in Jamaica , Queens , when officers investigating the club , believing the men were armed , followed them .
In the confrontation that followed , five officers opened fire with 50 shots , killing Mr. Bell and wounding Mr. Benefield and Mr. Guzman .
Detectives Michael Oliver and Gescard F. Isnora face charges of first - and second - degree manslaughter and first - degree assault .
Detective Marc Cooper faces two misdemeanor charges of reckless endangerment .
All three are on trial before Justice Arthur J. Cooperman , who is hearing the case in State Supreme Court in Queens without a jury .
Dr. Cooper was the prosecutor ’s last and , coincidentally , 50th witness in the so - called “ 50 - shot case . ”
He was called to establish the nature of the injuries upon which the assault charges are based .
Prosecutors rested their case on Wednesday , and the defense is expected to call its first witness , Officer Michael Carey , who fired three shots and was not charged , on Thursday .
Mr. Guzman and Mr. Benefield were rushed by ambulance to Mary Immaculate , and a quick look told Dr. Cooper the priorities of the situation , he said .
Mr. Benefield had been shot in the calves and in one buttock and was crying out in pain , but Mr. Guzman was in a much more dire condition .
“ He was telling me in somewhat of a mumbling voice that he should live and I should help him to live , ” Dr. Cooper testified on Wednesday about Mr. Guzman , who has been described by some as a medical marvel for being able to walk again .
“ He appeared to be confused and somewhat combative , ” Dr. Cooper added , “ which was indicative he was probably in severe pain . ”
The doctors stabilized him with an air tube for his breathing , and began a head - to - toe inspection of Mr. Guzman ’s body , finding 19 bullet holes , including several in his legs , his abdomen , at least one in his chest and one at his cheek bone in his face , which appeared superficial , a glancing shot .
“ My clinical suspicion is he had some lung trauma , ” Dr. Cooper said .
“ We immediately placed a chest tube which yielded blood , a lot of blood . ”
Then , more stressful signs : a catheter also yielded blood , suggesting internal injuries to his bladder or urinary system .
“ His blood pressure ’s stable , his airway ’s stable , so I think I have a little time to do further investigation , ” Dr. Cooper said .
CAT scans and X - rays on Mr. Guzman showed bullets and bullet damage near a kidney and spillage from holes shot through his intestines .
“ We made sure blood was available ” and gave Mr. Guzman a tetanus shot , Dr. Cooper testified .
Then , he began to operate with an incision to the patient ’s belly .
“ Upon entering his abdominal cavity , we noted blood in his abdominal cavity , ” the doctor continued .
Doctors packed dressing in all four corners of the cavity , then pulled it away , looking for blood and spillage from his digestive tract .
Dr. Cooper found both intestinal content and fecal matter from Mr. Guzman ’s colon in the cavity , potentially lethal .
“ It has very dangerous bacteria , ” Dr. Cooper said , adding that it could have led to a deadly infection .
The team quickly stapled the holes to the intestines and colon , removing one piece that was “ shredded , ” he said .
They sealed up the cavity and sent Mr. Guzman to the intensive care unit , he said .
The latest internet meme is Sewer Horse : " Sewer Horse is Watching You " I have no explanation for the image .
Is it real or fake ?
I have n't got a clue .
It seems a bit unlikely that a horse would end up in a sewer , but then he could be in a large underground tunnel that has an opening he 's looking out of .
Sewer Horse is so popular that he even has his own website
B y now it is becoming too obvious that the United States is playing the oil game all over again .
And this is the desperate gamble of a country whose economy is neck deep in trouble .
Given this scenario , managing prices of oil is central to the US economic architecture .
Expectedly , this gamble has been played in a great alliance between the US government , US financial sector and the media .
I have earlier written about :
The impending collapse of the US dollar on account of the inherent weakness in the US economy caused by its structural weakness as reflected in the sub - prime crisis ;
The repeated softening of the interest rates in the US that has the potency to kill the US dollar ; and
How the fall in the US dollar suits the US corporate sector , especially its omnipotent financial sector .
Naturally , since the past few years , the US financial sector has begun to turn its attention from currency and stock markets to commodity markets .
According to The Economist , about $ 260 billion has been invested into the commodity market -- up nearly 20 times from what it was in 2003 .
Coinciding with a weak dollar and this speculative interest of the US financial sector , prices of commodities have soared globally .
And most of these investments are bets placed by hedge and pension funds , always on the lookout for risky but high - yielding investments .
What is indeed interesting to note here is that unlike margin requirements for stocks which are as high as 50 per cent in many markets , the margin requirements for commodities is a mere 5 - 7 per cent .
This implies that with an outlay of a mere $ 260 billion these speculators would be able to take positions of approximately $ 5 trillion -- yes , $ 5 trillion ! -- in the futures markets .
It is estimated that half of these are bets placed on oil .
Readers may note that oil is internationally traded in New York and London and denominated in US dollar only .
Naturally , it has been opined by experts that since the advent of oil futures , oil prices are no longer controlled by OPEC ( Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ) .
Rather , it is now done by Wall Street .
This tectonic shift in the determination of international oil prices from the hands of producers to the hands of speculators is crucial to understanding the oil price rise .
Today 's oil prices are believed to be determined by the four Anglo - American financial companies - turned - oil traders , viz. , Goldman Sachs , Citigroup , J P Morgan Chase , and Morgan Stanley .
It is only they who have any idea about who is entering into oil futures or derivative contracts .
It is also they who are placing bets on oil prices and in the process ensuring that the prices of oil futures go up by the day .
But how does the increase in the price of this oil in the futures market determine the prices of oil in the spot markets ?
Crucially , does speculation in oil influence and determine the prices of oil in the spot markets ?
Answering these questions as to whether speculation has supercharged the demand for oil The Economist , in its recent issue , states : ' But that is plain wrong .
Such speculators do not own real oil .
Every barrel they buy in the futures markets they sell back again before the contract ends .
That may raise the price of ' paper barrels , ' but not of the black stuff refiners turn into petrol .
It is true that high futures prices could lead someone to hoard oil today in the hope of a higher price tomorrow .
But inventories are not especially full just now and there are few signs of hoarding . '
On both counts -- that speculation in oil is not pushing up oil prices , as well as on the issue of the build - up of inventories -- the venerable Economist is wrong .
The finding of US Senate Committee in 2006
In June 2006 , when the oil price in the futures markets was about $ 60 a barrel , a Senate Committee in the US probed the role of market speculation in oil and gas prices .
The report points out that large purchase of crude oil futures contracts by speculators has , in effect , created additional demand for oil and in the process driven up the future prices of oil .
The report further stated that it was ' difficult to quantify the effect of speculation on prices , ' but concluded that ' there is substantial evidence that the large amount of speculation in the current market has significantly increased prices . '
The report further estimated that speculative purchases of oil futures had added as much as $ 20 - 25 per barrel to the then prevailing price of $ 60 per barrel .
In today 's prices of approximately $ 130 per barrel , this means that approximately $ 100 per barrel could be attributed to speculation !
But the report found a serious loophole in the US regulation of oil derivatives trading , which according to experts could allow even a ' herd of elephants to walk to through it . '
The report pointed out that US energy futures were traded on regulated exchanges within the US and subjected to extensive oversight by the Commodities Future Trading Commission ( CFTC ) -- the US regulator for commodity futures market .
In recent years , the report however pointed out to the tremendous growth in the trading of contracts which were traded on unregulated OTC ( over - the - counter ) electronic markets .
Interestingly , the report pointed out that the trading of energy commodities by large firms on OTC electronic exchanges was exempted from CFTC oversight by a provision inserted at the behest of Enron into the Commodity Futures Modernization Act in 2000 .
The report concludes that consequential impact on account of lack of market oversight has been ' substantial . '
NYMEX ( New York Mercantile Exchange ) traders are required to keep records of all trades and report large trades to the CFTC enabling it to gauge the extent of speculation in the markets and to detect , prevent , and prosecute price manipulation .
In contrast , however , traders on unregulated OTC electronic exchanges are not required to keep records or file any information with the CFTC as these trades are exempt from its oversight .
Consequently , as there is no monitoring of such trading by the oversight body , the committee believes that it allows speculators to indulge in price manipulation .
Finally , the report concludes that to a certain extent , whether or not any level of speculation is ' excessive ' lies entirely in the eye of the beholder .
In the absence of data , however , it is impossible to begin the analysis or engage in an informed debate over whether our energy markets are functioning properly or are in the midst of a speculative bubble .
That was two years back .
And much water has flown in the Mississippi since then .
The link to the spot markets
Now to answer the second leg of the question : how speculators are able to translate the future prices into spot prices .
The answer to this question is fairly simple .
After all , oil price is highly inelastic -- i.e. even a substantial increase in price does not alter the consumption pattern .
No wonder , a mere 3 - 4 per cent annual global growth has translated into more than a 40 per cent annual increase in prices for the past three or four years .
But there is more to it .
One may note that the world supply and demand is evenly matched at about 85 million barrels every day .
Only if supplies exceed demand by a substantial margin can any downward pressure on oil prices be created .
In contrast , if someone with deep pockets picks up even a small quantity of oil , it dramatically alters the delicate global demand - supply gap , creating enormous upward pressure on prices .
What is interesting to note is that the US strategic oil reserves were at approximately 350 million barrels for a decade till 2006 .
However , for the past year and a half these reserves have doubled to more than 700 million barrels .
Naturally , this build - up of strategic oil reserves by the US ( of 350 million barrels ) is adding enormous pressure on the oil demand and consequently its prices .
Do the oil speculators know of this reserves build - up by the US and are indulging in rampant speculation ?
Are they acting in tandem with the US government ?
Worse still , are they bordering on recklessness knowing fully well that if the oil prices fall the US government will be forced to a ' Bears Stearns ' on them and bail them out ?
One is not sure .
But who foots bill at such high prices ?
At an average price of even $ 100 per barrel , the entire cost for the purchase of this additional 350 million barrels by the US works out to a mere $ 35 billion .
Needless to emphasise , this can be funded by the US by allowing it currency printing presses to work overtime .
After all , it has a currency that is acceptable globally and people worldwide are willing to exchange it for precious oil .
No wonder Goldman Sachs predicts that oil will touch $ 200 to a barrel shortly , knowing fully well that the US government will back its prediction .
And , in the past three years alone the world has paid an estimated additional $ 3 trillion for its oil purchases .
Oil speculators ( and not oil producers ) are the biggest beneficiaries of this price increase .
In the process , the US has been able to keep the value of the US dollar afloat -- perhaps at an extra cost of a mere $ 35 billion to its exchequer !
The global crude oil price rise is complex , sinister and beyond innocent economic theories of demand and supply .
It is speculation , geopolitics and much more .
Obviously , there is a symbiotic link between the US , the US dollar and the oil prices .
And unless this truth is understood and the link broken , oil prices cannot be controlled .
Other articles by the author :
The author is a Chennai - based chartered accountant .
He can be contacted at mrv1000@rediffmail.com
Child Injured In Residential FireAccording to Sacramento
Fire , the house fire broke out in the 7400 block of East Parkway around 6 p.m .
2 hours ago
Preview : First Presidential DebateCBS13 Political Analyst Gary Dietrich breaks down what you should expect from the first presidential debate Tuesday .
2 hours ago
El Dorado County To Start Process of Moving From PG&E
To Pioneer Community EnergyHours after the end of another power safety shutoff , El Dorado County is moving ahead with moving away from PG&E .
However , switching to a new company wo n't keep the lights on .
3 hours ago
CBS13 News PM News Update - 9/29/20
The latest headlines .
3 hours ago
Evening Forecast - Sept. 29 , 2020 Temperatures sticking around the upper 90s through the week .
3 hours ago
Sacramento Students Gear Up For In - Person LearningWe reached out to all of the Sacramento school districts .
The disctricts that got back to us said they are in the planning phases with no set start date on when they were actually make a return .
3 hours ago
Glass Fire Updates : Dozens Of Homes Destroyed ; More Evacuations Ordered
The latest on the destructive wildfires burning in Northern California 's wine country .
4 hours ago
Sacramento Businesses Eager To Move Indoors , Schools Watching The Clock To ReopenSeveral more Northern California counties , including Sacramento , have now moved into the less restrictive “ Red Tier ” of coronavirus risk level .
5 hours ago
Texas Firefighters Arrive In California , Others Sent HomeFirefighters from Texas arrived at Sacramento International Airport Tuesday to help battle the wildfires raging around California .
5 hours ago
‘ I Do n’t Know If My House Is OK ’ : Glass Fire Evacuees Face Uncertain FutureAs thousands of firefighters work to battle the Glass Fire , thousands of people are trying to find temporary housing to weather the fire storm that has hit Napa and Sonoma counties .
5 hours ago
Glass Fire Updates : Dozens Of Homes Destroyed ; More Evacuations OrderedNew evacuation orders have been issued for several areas in Napa County due to the Glass Fire .
5 hours ago
9/29/20 PM
Digi-CastStaying smoky with very warm temps !
6 hours ago
Tuesday Afternoon Forecast - Sept. 29 , 2020
Find out how hot it will get this week .
8 hours ago
Lunch Break : Baby Kiwi BerriesOur produce man Michael Marks has the best deals in seasonal fruits and veggies .
8 hours ago
Glass Fire Updates : Dozens Of Homes Destroyed ; More Evacuations OrderedNew evacuation orders have been issued for several areas in Napa County due to the Glass Fire .
8 hours ago
Sacramento , San Joaquin And Yolo Move Into Less Restrictive COVID - 19 Risk Level , Limited Dining Indoors AllowedSeveral more Northern California counties , including Sacramento , have now moved into the less restrictive “ Red Tier ” of coronavirus risk level .
9 hours ago
Downtown Modesto Building Destroyed
In Early Morning FireA building in downtown Modesto was destroyed in an early morning fire on Tuesday .
10 hours ago
Outdoor Playgrounds In California Can Reopen ; Masks Required For Everyone
Over 2
The new guidance was issued by California ’s public health department late Monday as the state ’s coronavirus numbers continue to improve .
Katie Johnston reports .
12 hours ago
Man Suspected Of Severely Biting Someone During Fight Over Parking
In EscalonA man is under arrest on suspicion of biting someone hard enough that they required medical attention , police say .
Katie Johnston reports .
12 hours ago
CBS13 News AM News Update - 9/29/20
The latest headlines .
14 hours ago
Tuesday Weather Forecast - Sept. 29 , 2020
Find out what kind of weather we 're expecting this week .
14 hours ago
Morning AppCast ( 9/29/20 ) The latest weather forecast .
14 hours ago
Glass Fire Triples In Size ; Firefighters Hope Dying Winds Will HelpGov.
Newsom has declared a state of emergency .
14 hours ago
Glass Fire Burns More Than 36,200 Acres ; Evacuations Continue In Napa And Sonoma CountiesGov .
Gavin Newsom declared a state of emergency in three hard - hit counties Monday night after fires erupted in Red Flag conditions and were fanned by tropical - storm - force winds .
22 hours ago
Keep scrolling for more recommendations
Below , you 'll find a variety of titles that you may be interested in from categories across Steam
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - A new , highly efficient material that converts heat into electricity may one day help cars get the most out of a gallon of gas , U.S. researchers said on Thursday .
Only about 25 percent of the energy produced by a typical gasoline engine is used to move the vehicle or run accessories like the radio or windshield wipers , they said .
Much of the rest escapes through the exhaust pipe .
Researchers at Ohio State University in Columbus and Caltech in Pasadena , California , think they can recycle some of that lost energy with a new thermoelectric material that is twice as effective as current materials .
“ The material does all the work .
It produces electrical power just like conventional heat engines -- steam engines , gas or diesel engines -- that are coupled to electrical generators , but it uses electrons as the working fluids instead of water or gases , and makes electricity directly , ” Joseph Heremans , who led the project , said in a statement .
Jeff Snyder of Caltech , who worked on the project , said a thermoelectric device that converts heat from exhaust into electricity could improve a car ’s fuel efficiency by 10 percent .
Snyder , who previously developed such devices for NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory , said the idea of using thermoelectrics had been around for a long time , but the economics did not make sense when oil cost $ 20 a barrel .
“ Now that energy costs have gone up by a factor of five , these alternative ideas that have been around for awhile are a lot more viable , ” Snyder said in a telephone interview .
He believes it would be possible to make the systems within the next five to 10 years .
Whether it catches on , Snyder said , will depend on the cost of the system and the energy market .
If made on a large scale , Snyder said it might be possible to develop the systems for $ 10 a unit or less .
Currently , the most efficient material used commercially in thermoelectric power generators is an alloy called sodium - doped lead telluride , which has a rating of 0.71 .
By adding a bit of thallium to the lead telluride , the researchers doubled the efficiency rating to 1.5 .
Tests of the material found it might be ideally suited for use in engines .
They found that at near 450 degrees Fahrenheit ( 230 degrees Celsius ) , the material converted heat to electricity at about the same efficiency rating as currently available materials .
At higher temperatures , it became more efficient , hitting its peak efficiency rating of 1.5 at 950 degrees F ( 500 degrees Celsius ) .
Between 450 degrees and 950 degrees Fahrenheit is about the typical range for power systems , such as car engines , Heremans said .
The researchers have applied for a patent and are refining the material .
The hope is to combine this finding with other recent discoveries that may produce further improvements in efficiency .
Snyder said a thermoelectric device using the material would need to be encased because thallium is highly toxic , but such devices could be recycled .
He said it might be possible to find another , nontoxic thermoelectric system that shows the same kind of efficiency .
DIGG THIS
After the assassination of the archduke in Sarajevo on June 28 , 1914 , Austria got from Kaiser Wilhelm a “ blank cheque ” to punish Serbia .
Germany would follow whatever course its ally chose to take .
Austria chose war on Serbia .
And World War I resulted .
On March 31 , 1939 , Britain gave a blank check to Poland in its dispute with Germany over Danzig , a town of 350,000 Germans .
Should war come , Britain would fight on Poland ’s side .
Poland refused to negotiate , Adolf Hitler attacked , and Britain declared war .
After six years , the British Empire collapsed .
Germany was burnt to ashes .
Poland entered the slave quarters of Joseph Stalin ’s empire .
Lesson :
No great power should ever give to a small ally or client state a blank check to drag it into war .
This raises the question : Has President Bush given Israel a blank check ?
A year ago , Israel attacked and smashed an alleged nuclear reactor site in Syria .
In April , Israel held a five - day civil defense drill .
In June , Israel sent 100 F - 15s and F - 16s , with refueling tankers , toward Greece in a simulated attack .
The planes flew 1,450 kilometers , the distance to Iran ’s uranium enrichment facility at Natanz .
On June 6 , Deputy Prime Minister Shaul Mofaz threatened , “ If Iran continues its nuclear weapons program we will attack it . ”
Ehud Olmert returned from a June meeting with Bush to tell Israelis , “ George Bush understands the severity of the Iranian threat and the need to vanquish it , and intends to act on the matter before the end of his term . ”
Is Israel bluffing , or in dead earnest ?
For while Israel can do damage to Iran , she cannot defeat Iran without using nuclear weapons .
But any attack Israel launched against Iran would require U.S. complicity , and any Israeli war with Iran would almost certainly require the United States to do most of the fighting to win or end it .
Thus , if George Bush does not want war with Iran , with two U.S. wars already , he must inform the Israelis in unequivocal terms that the United States opposes any Israeli preemptive strike on Iran , and will not assist but denounce any such attack .
If Bush believes war with Iran is vital to U.S. security , he should make that case to Congress .
To allow Israel to start a war we do not want would be an abdication of his duty as president .
Clearly , among the reasons Israel conducted its dress rehearsal for war was to maximize pressure on Iran to halt enriching uranium .
Bush may well have welcomed the added pressure .
But as the Iranians have insisted , they are entitled , under the nuclear non-proliferation treaty they signed and Israel did not , to enrich uranium for fuel in power plants .
Tehran has declared it will not be the only nation to surrender its legal rights under the NPT .
And in response to the Israeli military exercises , Tehran conducted its own missile - firing exercises this week .
If neither side yields , confrontation is inevitable .
Perhaps soon .
For we are only four months from the election , and Israel is pawing the ground to attack Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
Is this Bush ’s back door to war with Iran ?
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Adm . Mike Mullen , in Israel a week ago , returned to say a “ third front ” in the Middle East , with Iran , would be “ extremely stressful ” to U.S. forces .
He is saying that U.S. ground forces probably cannot now cope with another war , with a nation three times as large as Iraq .
Asked about Israel taking unilateral action , Mullen replied , “ This is a very unstable part of the world , and I do n’t need it to be more unstable . ”
But Mullen is not the president .
What did Bush tell Olmert ?
Does Israel have a green light , a yellow light or a red light ?
Should Israel attack Iran and Bush deny complicity , he would no more be believed than were Britain and France in 1956 .
Then , the Israelis stormed into Sinai , and Britain and France said they were intervening to separate the warring nations and secure the Suez Canal .
Outraged , Ike ordered the British , French and Israelis alike to get out of Suez and Sinai .
They did .
President Bush must step up to the plate .
If he believes sanctions are not succeeding and Iran ’s nuclear program must be halted , he should go to Congress for authority to neutralize the facilities .
If he has not so concluded , he should tell Israel it is not to start a war that U.S. airmen , sailors , soldiers and Marines will have to finish .
America needs to restore that absolute freedom of action in matters of war and peace she once had , before entering the skein of entangling alliances that now encumber the republic .
No ally , no client state , should ever be allowed to drag America into a war she has not chosen , constitutionally , to fight .
No more blank checks for any nation .
Patrick J. Buchanan [ send him mail ] is co-founder and editor of The American Conservative .
He is also the author of seven books , including Where the Right Went Wrong , and A Republic Not An Empire .
His latest book is Churchill , Hitler , and the Unnecessary War .
Patrick J. Buchanan Archives
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
Bad : Assaulting your mom
Really bad : Stabbing your mom with a fork
Neatorama - worthy :
While you 're at it , beating another woman with a frozen chicken !
Meet Frederick McKaney , 40 , of Ypsilanti , Michigan , who was arraigned in Jackson county courtroom with two felony assaults , one of which is " assault with chicken " :
" He stabbed his mother in the back of the neck when she refused to give him money , and then , an hour later , he attacked a neighbor woman with a chicken , " Jackson County Chief Assistant Prosecutor Mark Blumer told the Ann Arbor news .
A short time later , he encountered two other women talking on the sidewalk on Woodbridge Street .
The woman said he said something nasty to them and hit one of them over the head with 10 pounds of frozen chicken .
http://www.clickondetroit.com/news/16715911/detail.html
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- U.S. stocks on Friday afternoon rallied off their earlier lows to rise briefly into positive territory , amid reports that Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke offered use of the central bank 's discount window to troubled mortgage buyers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
After a decline of more than 250 points , the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , - 0.47 % was more recently down 57.32 points at 11,171.7 .
The S&P 500 SPX , - 0.48 % fell 2.55 points to 1,250.84 , while the Nasdaq Composite COMP , - 0.29 % was off 1.81 points at 2,256.04 .
Hillary Clinton repeatedly introduces the Paycheck Fairness Act on Equal Pay Day ( in 2008 , it will be April 22 ) .
This distinguishes her from both Barack Obama and John McCain .
But Dr. Warren Farrell , author of Why Men Earn More , says both the Paycheck Fairness Act and Equal Pay Day rest on a false assumption : that the gap in male - female pay reflects discrimination .
He feels , therefore , that they would more appropriately be introduced on April Fool 's Day .
Equal Pay Day was originated by the National Committee on Pay Equity ( NCPE ) in 1996 .
April 22 represents how long into 2008 a woman would allegedly have to work to earn as much as her male counterpart could have earned for the same work in 2007 alone .
Dr. Farrell , the only man ever elected three times to the Board of Directors of the National Organization for Women in New York City , and an organizer of protests against pay discrimination against women , changed his mind about the pay gap reflecting discrimination after he spent about a decade researching the subject .
Instead , he discovered twenty - five measurable differences between men and women 's work - life choices .
When each of these differences was accounted for ( e.g. , hours worked ; willingness to do jobs that were hazardous , or jobs that required overnight travel ; relocating ; working evenings and weekends ; or working in fields with more formulas and fewer people , like engineering ) , his best estimate was that the women out - earned the men .
Farrell sees opportunities for women in these twenty - five dimensfferences : " Twenty - five ways to higher pay . "
But , Farrell says , before anyone pursues the higher pay , she or he needs to understand that " The road to high pay is a toll road .
The male - female pay gap can just as easily be seen as discrimination against men : the expectation men will pay more tolls to get higher pay . "
( Farrell says an Equal Tolls Act would rest on an equally false assumption , because women work more in the home . )
Farrell feels the pay gap can best be understood by understanding the division of labor once children arrive .
For example , Farrell cites the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics data that women who have never been married and never had children earn 117 % of their male counterparts .
Farrell found that each of men's twenty - five decisions leads to men earning more than women , but each also leads to women having more balanced lives -- balanced between work and family / friends / exercise , spiritual time and alone time .
Dr. Farrell concludes , " most people find balanced lives to be happier .
The real sexism is the assumption that only women should be learning from men .
In fact , men should also be learning from women how to have more balanced lives .
That 's the challenge a candidate with courage would offer voters . "
For more about Dr. Farrell on the pay gap , see http://www.warrenfarrell.com/
Editor 's note : Fareed Zakaria is a preeminent foreign affairs analyst and hosts " Fareed Zakaria : GPS " on CNN at 1 p.m. ET Sunday .
Fareed Zakaria says it 's a sign of strength that U.S. economic problems have n't triggered a global recession .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Between the mortgage crisis , record high oil prices and a lackluster stock market , Americans are not exactly confident about the economy .
CNN spoke with world affairs analyst and author Fareed Zakaria about his view of the situation .
CNN : How bad is the U.S. economy right now ?
Zakaria :
It almost looks like a perfect storm .
We have a collapsing housing market , weak consumer spending and a credit crisis that has kept banks reluctant to extend credit easily .
Plus , food and fuel prices are soaring .
It 's actually a sign of the strength of the American and global economy that we 're not in a big global recession given all of this .
But it 's not going to get better fast .
CNN : So , we 're not past the worst yet ?
Zakaria : Look I 'm not a trained economist but I had three of the best on the show this week -- Larry Summers ( Treasury Secretary for Bill Clinton ) Jeff Sachs ( Director of UN Millennium Project ) , and Paul Krugman ( op - ed columnist on economy for The New York Times ) .
Barack Obama Interview Fareed Zakaria interviews Barack Obama this week on Fareed Zarkaria GPS .
Sunday 1 pm ET see full schedule »
And they all agreed that it was unlikely that we had worked through most of the problems in the economy .
They felt we seemed to have avoided the worst of the financial crisis but that now the real economy was beginning to show the signs of pain -- housing was going to keep declining , the consumer would scale back and companies would cut their workforces .
CNN : So what should the next president do ?
Zakaria : Larry Summers and Paul Krugman suggested another fiscal stimulus , focused on infrastructure spending .
They both argued that shoring up the economy was crucial and that the dangers of inflation -- with high oil and food prices -- were still not that great .
Sachs had an intriguing position : that we were going to take all these heroic measures to shore up the economy but a recession has to come anyway .
What we need to focus on is the long - term problems that have accumulated : we save too little , spend and borrow too much , and over - consume fossil fuels .
If we just prop up the housing and credit markets one more time , this will delay once more , dealing with the long - term problem .
CNN : But does n't a president have to focus on the short - term ?
Zakaria :
Well , Sachs made an interesting analogy in the green room .
He said , if Obama gets elected he would advise him not to declare war on this recession .
" This is Bush 's recession , " he said .
His advice : Look at Ronald Reagan .
He took the economic pain of an early recession in 1981 - 82 , let the Fed wring inflation out of the system , and then as his economic policies came into effect got the benefit of being credited with the rebound .
He argues that this is the moment to focus on the long - term problems that will hobble the U.S. economy .
CNN : This did not seem to be a cheery discussion .
Zakaria :
They do n't call it the dismal science for nothing .
All About National Economy
Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter 's High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera acquired this image of Phoenix hanging from its parachute as it descended to the Martian surface .
Although it appears that Phoenix is descending into the crater , it is actually about 20 kilometers ( about 12 miles ) in front of the crater .
Thisstory was updated at 1:10 pm EDT .
AEuropean spacecraft caught sounds from NASA ?s Phoenix Mars Lander during itsscreaming Sunday descent to the red planet ?s arctic surface .
TheEuropean Mars Express beamed the audio data to Earth shortly after NASA ?
sPhoenix Mars Lander touched down in the Martian arctic late Sunday .
The signal fromPhoenix ?s descent comes through loud and clear after processing by the MarsExpress Flight Control Team .
Ashift occurred in the signal received by Mars Express due to the so - called Doppler Effect , not unlike hearing the whistle of a passing train , as theorbiter moved away from the lander .
MarsExpress successfully tracked Phoenix throughoutdescent using the Mars Express Lander Communication system ( MELACOM ) , evenduring the expected transmission blackout window when ionization builds uparound the lander as it falls through the atmosphere .
Thesignal finally cut out as Mars Express flew away and the lander passed out ofview .
NASA ?s Mars Odyssey and Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter also watchedover Phoenix ?s successful landing .
Phoenixis equipped with a microphone that was originally slated to record soundsduring landing in conjunction with a camera designed to take aerial photographsof the probe ?s arctic landing site .
While that plan was scrapped to avoidcomplications with Phoenix ?s landing , the microphone may still be used on thesurface , mission managers said .
? We ? dall love to hear some noises from the surfaceof Mars , that would be a first , " said Phoenix principal investigatorPeter Smith of the University of Arizona .
The $ 422 million Phoenix lander is a stationary probe equipped with a scoop - tippedrobotic arm to search for buried water ice beneath the arctic plains of itsVastitas Borealis landing site .
The spacecraft carries a Canadian - built weatherstation , ovens and wet chemistry lab , and is designed to study Mars for atleast three months to determine if the planet ?s arctic circle could have oncesupported primitive life .
MarsExpress will continue monitoring Phoenix by using MELACOM fifteen more times .
That should help demonstrate that the European Space Agency ?s spacecraft canrelay data from the Martian surface to Earth , and also transmit commands fromEarth to the lander .
Editor ?
sNote :
This report has been changed to clarify that the Doppler Effect applies toa shift in signal transmitted by Phoenix and received by Mars Express .
By Gary Duffy
BBC News , Sao Paulo
Aluizio Coelho recalls in vivid detail the incident which persuaded him to buy a bulletproof car .
He was driving with his wife into the centre of Sao Paulo when a motorbike pulled up alongside his vehicle .
Brazil has an estimated 50,000 bulletproof vehicles on its roads " Two guys were on the motorbike , and the guy behind had a gun .
He asked for everything we had , and of course we said to him we will give you everything .
" But the problem was that the guy had such a nervous attitude , and it looked like he was using drugs .
The risk of the situation was not only if we wanted to give away whatever we had , but if the guy was sure in his mind that he did n't need to shoot us .
" That was really what brought me to have a bulletproof car . "
Aluizio , a former Formula 1 driver who now drives stock cars , bought his bulletproof vehicle second hand , and says it has brought peace of mind for him and his family .
" You have of course to keep in mind not to go where you should n't be going , but in a normal situation you are always feeling safer .
It brings you comfort . "
Growing market A few miles outside Sao Paulo , at a factory producing bulletproof windows , you have to wear headphones to block out the deafening sound of gunshots .
Day after day , in carefully controlled tests , bullets are fired at the glass produced here to ensure that it is up to the required standard .
There is a continuing sense of insecurity , this urban violence in big cities .
So once you are using a bulletproof car , you are much safer stopping at driving lights , driving at night
Christian Conde Antonio
President of the Brazilian Association of Bulletproofing
The impact is enormous , but in the tests we watched , the glass , just over 2 cm thick , does its job .
There are large and distinctive marks , but the bullets are stopped .
The tests are meant to reassure prospective buyers worried about the more sinister threats on the streets outside , such as kidnappings or armed robbery .
There are now estimated to be more than 50,000 bulletproof cars - blindados - on Brazilian roads .
The business has been growing , almost without interruption , over the last decade , with an increase of around 20 % per year .
Traders say a market that was once the exclusive preserve of Brazil 's elite is opening up to wealthier sections of the middle class , due to easier credit arrangements and a growing second - hand market .
Urban violence
In the last six months of 2007 it is estimated that 7,500 bulletproof cars were sold in Brazil , according to research carried out by the Brazilian Association of Bulletproofing ( Abrablin ) .
Christian Conde Antonio , the association 's president , says the growth in the trade is largely because of the fear of violence and robbery in Brazil .
" There is a continuing sense of insecurity , this urban violence in big cities .
So once you are using a bulletproof car , you are much safer stopping at driving lights , driving at night , " he said .
Reinforcing the vehicles costs time and money
He also agrees that the market is widening as a result of the changing economic situation .
" Credit in Brazil has become a little cheaper , a little easier and more accessible , and this is happening for bulletproof cars as well .
Today you can ... buy a car in stages and you can do this for the bulletproof protection as well . "
The association says the average price of installing such protection is around $ 31,000 ( £ 16,000 ) .
One issue which contributes to the risks for motorists in Sao Paulo is the sheer number of cars .
There are now six million in the city , and traffic jams can be enormous .
Armed robbers have been known to use this heavy congestion to single out vulnerable motorists , and it is often crimes like this which have driven the demand for bulletproof cars .
It appears that many victims of robberies do not report these incidents to the police .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Decreasing crime
But the man responsible for security in Latin America 's largest city insists the overall picture is improving .
In 2000 , there were 36 murders per 100,000 people but statistics for 2007 show that this was down to a rate of 11.6 , says Ronaldo Marzagao , Sao Paulo 's State Secretary of Public Security .
Strenghtened glass is put to the test in the factory
He acknowledges that the traffic problems in the city mean crime against motorists is an issue , but here too , he says , there has been an improvement .
" From last year , we have had a decrease in car thefts and robberies of people in vehicles of 40 % , up to this point , " he said .
" We have a considerable decrease , but we have not yet got a corresponding feeling , principally among the middle class and people in vehicles , of a sense of security .
" Security in real terms does not always mean a sense of security among every individual .
It depends on your personal experience .
I believe we have concrete data that crime rates are falling . "
The crime levels may be falling in Sao Paulo , but the Master Blindagens factory is producing 25 bulletproof cars a month , and it is just one of 45 companies in the city .
New vehicles are stripped down and packed with protective material and reinforced glass .
The process can cost between $ 25,000 to $ 45,000 to complete .
It seems for those who have the money , it is a price they are willing to pay .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
LONDON  Prime Minister Gordon Brown faced down a revolt within his governing Labor Party on Wednesday , winning a precariously narrow victory in the House of Commons for a measure that among other things would allow the authorities to hold terrorism suspects for up to 42 days without charges .
Whether the measure becomes law , and when , now depends on the government ’s success in navigating the new counterterrorism bill past the House of Lords , where it may not be introduced until the fall and where it is expected to meet stronger opposition .
Opponents of the measure , which extends the current detention limit of 28 days , say it would give Britain detention powers that have few parallels in other Western democracies .
They have promised a legal challenge under the European Convention on Human Rights , a recourse that has led to increasingly frequent rebuffs for the British government on issues affecting civil liberties .
The House of Commons vote was 315 to 306 , with the nine - vote margin supplied by a last - minute decision to vote for the measure by the Democratic Unionist Party , a group of Northern Ireland Protestants who share power in the Belfast government with the predominantly Roman Catholic Sinn Fein .
More than 30 Labor rebels who voted against the measure appeared to have stood firm in their opposition despite intense pressure from Mr. Brown , whose determination to press ahead with the bill had turned the vote into a test of his own embattled leadership .
By Amber Henshaw
BBC News , Abyei
Some homes were still burning after days of fighting in Abyei Scavenger birds pick through the charred remains of houses and shops in the central Sudanese town of Abyei , four days after violent clashes between troops from the North and South of the country ended .
The place is almost empty - tens of thousands of people fled from the town and surrounding area to escape days of sporadic fighting .
Looters steal what they can - beds , pots and even clothes - from the thatch huts that are still standing , the northern soldiers who now control the town looking on .
There is almost nothing left of the once - vibrant market - just the charred skeletons of buildings .
' Totally devastated '
After a tour of the town in a UN armoured personnel carrier , the head of the UN mission in Sudan , Ashraf Qazi , was clearly shocked by what he had seen .
There 's always the danger and risk of a further deterioration
Ashraf Qazi
UN head of mission in Sudan " We have been to the centre of Abyei and it does n't exist any more , " he told journalists travelling with him .
" It 's totally charred .
It 's totally devastated .
And it's an absolute human tragedy and it is something that must never happen again . "
The UN has always seen Abyei as a tinderbox .
The greatest fear is that the crisis in the area could escalate and reignite a bloody civil war , three years after a peace deal was signed between the north and south of the country .
Both North and South are desperate to have Abyei inside their borders because of the oil fields that surround the town .
They are unable to agree on the boundary for the area .
Heart of the problems Difficult relations between the southern Sudan People 's Liberation Movement ( SPLM ) and the dominant National Congress Party ( NCP ) who formed a government in 2005 after two decades of civil war have been increasingly tense over recent months .
Late last year the SPLM pulled southern ministers out of its partnership with the NCP .
It accused the North of failing to implement the 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement .
We fear there may be more fighting in the future
Abyei resident Border demarcation and the status of Abyei were at the heart of the problems .
The town itself has suffered as a result of the political dispute .
Militia groups attached to both armies have not been fully integrated and cannot be properly controlled .
There is also underlying historical tension between the Misseriya tribe ( largely allied to the North ) and the southern Ngok Dinka ( who look to the South ) .
" We are always concerned that situations like this can always escalate if they are not immediately dealt with , " said Mr Qazi .
More fighting
It is unclear exactly how many people have been killed in the recent clashes .
UN peacekeepers toured the town which had been devastated by fighting An army spokesman for the North said 21 of their soldiers had died .
An SPLM official said about 25 police had died .
Aid workers in Agok said they had seen 129 wounded southern soldiers and one injured civilian .
A UN spokesman said up to 90,000 people had been displaced by the fighting .
Many of them have fled to the Agok area about 30 kms ( 19 m ) from Abyei .
One woman I spoke to had lost her husband in the recent clashes .
He was killed in the crossfire .
She said they had only returned to Abyei with their 10 children six months ago .
They had fled from the south to Khartoum during the civil war that raged for more than twenty years .
This latest fighting served as a bitter reminder of those days .
She said : " We fear there may be more fighting in the future . "
For the aid workers trying to help the thousands of displaced who are living in the most basic conditions it is a race against time .
Heavy rains are likely to start in around two weeks .
Unless people have adequate shelter , food and proper latrines by then there is a risk that deadly , water - borne diseases like cholera could spread .
At the moment there is an uneasy calm in Abyei .
The SPLM has withdrawn its troops to the south of the river and the northern troops are in the town but many fear that without a long term solution the violence could flare up again with potentially devastating consequences .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
No art form was more significant in the ' 80s than the music videos that appeared on MTV , the fabled source of our MTV2 .
And while history and even the songs themselves paint the ' 80s as a period of shallow prosperity , the music videos seemed to be on a mission to make George Orwell 's vision of their decade look like Epcot Center .
Sure , other generation may have lived through wars and depressions , but ' 80s kids have just as much a claim to psychological trauma , on account of videos like :
5 A - Ha 's " Take On Me "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Why it 's Scarring :
Our friends and family were concerned that day when we packed all our comic books into a crate , filled it with gasoline , chanted some magic words and proceeded to light the cursed mess ablaze ( utterly destroying our childhood in the process ) .
Clearly they did n't see this video , the fools .
Oh , how we delighted at the adventures of those bizarrely dressed men as they beat other bizarrely dressed men within an inch of their lives ( but no further , because that would be too immoral for our young eyes ) , never knowing that the drawings which we gazed upon were alive .
And that if so inclined , those characters could kidnap us from our own world and whisk us away into theirs .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The metaphysical questions tied up in the video would be enough to make the writers of Lost go [ even more ] insane .
If that waitress in the diner had burnt the comic instead of simply throwing it out , would the world of the comic cease to exist ?
Is it possible that we are in a comic right now ?
What black magic could give life to a drawing ?
Is Alan Moore actually the reincarnation of Rasputin ?
Yes , it would appear so .
Try reading " Peanuts " the same way now .
Most Terrifying Moment :
Remember that scene from The Ring , when the creepy little girl crawled out of the TV ?
This video has that moment topped when , about one minute in , a beckoning hand reaches out of a comic book frame .
And do n't even get us started on the black staring eyes of the police officers in the comic , who like to do their particular brand of policing with giant wrenches .
No amount of therapy can make us come to terms with that .
In the early 17th century a demon was loosed on the world by Italian mathematician Galileo Galilei when he began swinging pendulums , rolling balls down ramps and observing the moons of Jupiter — all with an aim toward discovering regularities that could be codified into laws of nature .
So successful was this mechanical worldview that by the early 19th century French mathematician Pierre - Simon Laplace was able to “ imagine an Intelligence who would know at a given instant of time all forces acting in nature and the position of all things of which the world consists ....
Then it could derive a result that would embrace in one and the same formula the motion of the largest bodies in the universe and of the lightest atoms .
Nothing would be uncertain for this Intelligence . ”
By the early 20th century science undertook to become Laplace ’s demon .
It cast a wide “ causal net ” linking effects to causes throughout the past and into the future and sought to explain all complex phenomena by reducing them into their simpler component parts .
Nobel laureate physicist Steven Weinberg captured this philosophy of reductionism poignantly : “ All the explanatory arrows point downward , from societies to people , to organs , to cells , to biochemistry , to chemistry , and ultimately to physics . ”
In such an all - encompassing and fully explicable cosmos , then , what place for God ?
Stuart Kauffman has an answer : naturalize the deity .
In his new book , Reinventing the Sacred ( Basic Books , 2008 ) , Kauffman — founding director of the Institute for Biocomplexity and Informatics at the University of Calgary in Alberta and one of the pioneers of complexity theory — reverses the reductionist ’s causal arrow with a comprehensive theory of emergence and self - organization that he says “ breaks no laws of physics ” and yet can not be explained by them .
God “ is our chosen name for the ceaseless creativity in the natural universe , biosphere and human cultures , ” Kauffman declares .
In Kauffman ’s emergent universe , reductionism is not wrong so much as incomplete .
It has done much of the heavy lifting in the history of science , but reductionism cannot explain a host of as yet unsolved mysteries , such as the origin of life , the biosphere , consciousness , evolution , ethics and economics .
How would a reductionist explain the biosphere , for example ?
“ One approach would be , following Newton , to write down the equations for the evolution of the biosphere and solve them .
This can not be done , ” Kauffman avers .
“ We can not say ahead of time what novel functionalities will arise in the biosphere .
Thus we do not know what variables — lungs , wings , etc. — to put into our equations .
The Newtonian scientific framework where we can prestate the variables , the laws among the variables , and the initial and boundary conditions , and then compute the forward behavior of the system , cannot help us predict future states of the biosphere . ”
This problem is not merely an epistemological matter of computing power , Kauffman cautions ; it is an ontological problem of different causes at different levels .
Something wholly new emerges at these higher levels of complexity .
Similar ontological differences exist in the self - organized emergence of consciousness , morality and the economy .
In my recent book , The Mind of the Market ( Times Books , 2008 ) , I show how economics and evolution are complex adaptive systems that learn and grow as they evolve from simple to complex and how they are autocatalytic , or containing self - driving feedback loops .
It was therefore gratifying to find corroboration in Kauffman ’s detailed explication of why such phenomena “ cannot be deduced from physics , have causal powers of their own , and therefore are emergent real entities in the universe . ”
This creative process of emergence , Kauffman contends , “ is so stunning , so overwhelming , so worthy of awe , gratitude and respect , that it is God enough for many of us .
God , a fully natural God , is the very creativity in the universe . ”
I have spent time with Stu Kauffman at two of the most sacred places on earth : Cortona , Italy ( under the Tuscan sun ) , and Esalen , Calif . ( above the Pacific Ocean ) , at conferences on the intersection of science and religion .
He is one of the most spiritual scientists I know , a man of inestimable warmth and ecumenical tolerance , and his God 2.0 is a deity worthy of worship .
But I am skeptical that it will displace God 1.0 , Yahweh , whose Bronze Age program has been running for 6,000 years on the software of our brains and culture .
Note :
This story was originally printed with the title , " Sacred Science " .
TX Official Claims ' Machines Not Faulty ' ; NH Official Claims Not to Know Whether They Use Same Diebold Op - Scan Voting System Seen Hacked in HBO Documentary ( It Was ) ...
Brad Friedman Byon 5/13/2008 , 1:13 pm PT
Miller - McCune 's David Rosenfeld files a good story on the dreadful state of the hackable , insecure , error - prone machinery --- both DRE / touch - screen and paper - based optical scan --- still used across our electoral landscape in 2008 .
Despite a few small - ish errors , Rosenfeld succeeds where so many before him have been unable : Properly quoting both the scientists and Election Integrity experts who know what they 're talking about , while giving fair opportunity to respond from voting machine company and elected officials who are either in denial , uninformed , or simply willing to lie .
Folks like Ellen Theisen of VotersUnite.org , Bev Harris of BlackBoxVoting.org , computer scientist David Wagner of UC Berkley , and yours truly ( from The BRAD BLOG ) are quoted from the truth - telling side .
On the misleading and / or state of denial and / or lying side , we hear from a Diebold spokesman , and officials from both the NH and TX Secretaries of State offices .
The latters ' comments --- particularly those from the SoS offices , where one would think they have a duty to both be informed and tell the truth about their voting systems ( unlike Diebold , where we might expect them to continue their long , unfettered , and desperation - built reputation for lying ) --- are simply stunning .
Diebold spokesperson Chris Riggall ( yes , an unfortunate name for a voting machine spokesperson ) offers the usual nonsense in response to all of the many independent tests around the country which have found the company 's voting systems --- both paper - based and touch - screen --- to have been easily hacked in seconds .
" In some cases the studies have been lacking in appropriate perspective and balance , " Riggall misleads in response .
But the TX and NH SoS officials quoted were even more outrageous in their outright states of denial , and / or the ease with which they are willing to simply mislead ( okay , lie to ) the reporter ...
" The machines were not proven to be faulty , " TX SoS spokesperson Scott Haywood lied to Rosenfeld , by way of just one example .
NH Deputy SoS David Scanlan 's comments are arguably even more pathetic and / or disingenuous , as concerning the charge that the very same Diebold optical - scan systems used to hack a paper - based election --- as seen live in HBO'S landmark 2006 documentary Hacking Democracy ( watch the stunning hack here ) --- were also allowed for use to tabulate 80 % of the ballots in the recent , incredibly anomalous , NH Primary Election .
" I know we use an Accuvote , " Scanlan told Miller-McCune.com 's Rosenfeld .
" I 'm not technical enough to tell you whether it 's the same one that was used in the film , but it 's possible . "
Not technical enough , Mr. Scanlan ?
Not technical enough or not interested enough ?
Or just not honest enough to admit to the reporter what just about anyone familiar with elections already knows and can look up on the Internets in two minutes time .
New Hampshire uses the very same , hackable , Diebold Accuvote - OS with firmware v1.94w as seen being hacked in Hacking Democracy .
In addition to running a horribly administrated election last January , Mr. Scanlan would also appear to be either a liar , or criminally negligent in not knowing which secret , hackable vote - counting system his office has approved to tabulate 80 % of the ballots cast by citizens in his own state .
Take your pick .
It 's one or the other .
And as the film came out nearly a full two years ago , it 's further negligence that Scanlan and / or his boss SoS William Gardner has n't bothered to find out , demand a security upgrade from Diebold , and / or bothered to institute any sort of post - election audits to at least try to determine whether their voting systems have counted ballots accurately .
Read Rosenfeld 's full article here , to fully appreciate both the bad guys mentioned above , and the ( finally ) the equal treatment offered to the good guys , such as yours truly and others , for a welcome change .
slashed in now available starting at just $ 5 !
Prices nowin The BRAD BLOG's 2008 Election Integrity Fund Drive !
Please support our continuing coverage of your election system , as found nowhere else .
Click here for a number of cool new collector 's edition Premium products
WTC Fire Experiment # 6 showing room completely enveloped in flames and showing failure of two glass panels on left .
On August 21 , 2002 , with funding from the U.S. Congress through FEMA , the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) announced its building and fire safety investigation of the World Trade Center ( WTC ) disaster that occurred on September 11 , 2001 .
The NIST WTC Investigation was conducted under the authority of the National Construction Safety Team Act .
The goals of the investigation of the WTC disaster were :
To investigate the building construction , the materials used , and the technical conditions that contributed to the outcome of the WTC disaster .
To serve as the basis for : improvements in the way buildings are designed , constructed , maintained , and used ; improved tools and guidance for industry and safety officials ; recommended revisions to current codes , standards , and practices ; and improved public safety .
The specific objectives were :
This was one of the worst weeks for banks and the market that I 've ever seen .
First - quarter earnings were terrible , and few people are optimistic about next quarter .
It looks as though the credit crisis still has a long way to go .
Oil is more than $ 140 a barrel , and parts of the market are reaching new lows .
Either this is the low point , or we should prepare to endure a crisis of greater magnitude than we expected .
Here 's what 's going on .
It 's getting harder to find takers
Investors are getting a little finicky about throwing additional billions at subprime - infested banks .
While capital - raising efforts appear to be continuing , big banks are facing increasing difficulty finding willing investors , who are losing money on past offerings and are far less eager to continue throwing good money after bad .
To give banks more access to more capital , the Federal Reserve is thinking about easing restrictions on private - equity firms in regard to their investments in banks .
Large investments in banks from private - equity firms typically result in accompanying regulatory scrutiny , which private - equity firms hate .
So the Fed has hinted that it 's willing to find ways around some of the restrictions .
Why should big banks have all the fun ?
Small banks are facing a growing problem .
A common lending practice allows real estate developers to delay paying interest on construction loans , and there 's a fear that the practice could be masking huge problems as the construction industry hits the skids , not to mention huge losses for small banks that could blow up down the road .
Analysts have warned that as many as 150 small banks could fail in the next few years .
Subprime pink slips
Citigroup ( NYSE:C ) will be laying off an estimated 6,500 employees , and Bank of America ( NYSE : BAC ) will be letting 7,500 people go .
The Citigroup layoffs are the result of fallout from past and future writedowns , while B of A says its layoffs stem from overlap in the Countywide ( NYSE : CFC ) acquisition .
The credit crisis began with greedy executives trying to enrich themselves , and it winds up with family breadwinners being told to hit the road .
Lawyers to the rescue
American Express ( NYSE : AXP ) reached a settlement with MasterCard ( NYSE : MA ) on Wednesday for up to $ 1.8 billion in one of the largest antitrust suits ever .
The lawsuit alleged that MasterCard had violated antitrust laws by prohibiting its member banks from offering rival cards .
AmEx sought damages for lost business .
Last year , AmEx had agreed to a $ 2.25 billion settlement from Visa ( NYSE: V ) in a similar suit .
I guess that 's one way to make money in a tough environment :
Use the lawyers .
If you can't beat 'em , sue 'em .
Next week begins the second - quarter earnings season .
The earnings will give us insight into the extent of the current crisis and an idea of the market 's likely direction .
It should be an enlightening time .
Related Foolishness :
If you think Hillary Clinton has been slow to accept the results at the ballot box , meet the folks who run Dartmouth College .
Like Sen. Clinton , the powers that be at Dartmouth have been getting trounced at the voting booth by an opposition campaigning for change .
Like Sen. Clinton , Dartmouth 's establishment has responded with increasingly desperate attacks .
And like Sen. Clinton , its hopes of victory now depend on increasing the power and influence of unelected officials .
In Mrs. Clinton 's case , these are called superdelegates .
In Dartmouth 's case , they are the self - perpetuating members of the Board of Trustees .
In little more than a week – on June 5 – elections will close for the leadership of Dartmouth 's Association of Alumni .
If the establishment slate wins , the board will eviscerate a progressive , 117 - year - old arrangement that makes this college in Hanover , N.H. one of the few where alumni have a real say in the way the school is run .
That arrangement dates to 1891 , when the trustees were divided into two equal groups , plus two ex-officio members .
The first group was appointed by the school itself .
The other half was chosen by alumni from within their ranks .
In recent decades , because of the way alumni seat nominations and elections were run , these alumni trustees were pretty much insiders themselves , and the relationship with the board was a cozy one .
All that changed in 2004 , when T.J. Rodgers – class of 1970 and CEO of Cypress Semiconductor – ran for one of the board 's alumni seats .
Mr. Rodgers had to mount a petition drive just to get his name on the ballot , and then won election by a comfortable margin .
Like many of his fellow alums , Mr. Rodgers is a passionate believer in the liberal arts , and his platform stressed high academic standards , free speech and the primacy of the undergraduate mission at Dartmouth .
What time did you get up today ?
Simple question but the answer reveals a lot about ourselves .
One of the tenets of AA is that you take an inventory of your state of mind ... not that of others ( whether they be friends or enemies .. which is so much easier to do ! ) .
Boy could I tell you about some of the assholes I have know , loved , hated .
Got a day ?
It is so much easier to see the worst qualities of others ... whether real or imagined .
Now admitting that you are the ( or " an or ' also an ' ) asshole , jerk , drunk , addict ... whether well dressed and still gainfully employed or in shit stained jeans lifting cigarette butts from the pavement ... well that 's a whole journey of self discovery .
One of my personal bugs up my ass is that I get a lot of emails from various social services that announce " Mary " " Joseph " " William " " the horse with no name " has updated their status .
Should I be angry that they informed Facebook about the birth of their child or their recent success in the beauty pageant ?
And did n't drop me a line or an email ... even to inform me that they moved !
I suppose that it would be bigger of me to recognize that they are trying .
The first item in my " taking inventory list " would be the recognition that no one will ever call me a great ( or gracious ) communicator .
For the record , you are hearing this first as I never informed Google or Face Book or LinkedIn :
I still have no kids , and not even any cats or pets of any kind , as , when I do have any , they run away before they have litters ( the cats and dogs )
For 2015
I have not been involved in any public displays of nudity , full or partial , not even in bathing suits , or Tutus
On the plus side I :
Walked 16,000 steps yesterday ... 7.0 miles ... all well within my heart rate zones
Consumed 1,962 calories , but way too much sodium ( made spare ribs ) !
Resolved to write some letters and / or cards before next week as I received a drawing from a friend 's daughter
Dug out my old drafts for blog postings
I 've decided that I am ready to get back to writing my epic novel " I killed a Man On Saturday " .
A doctor had told me to back off from my books and stuff until I got my health under control which is a work in progress , as is the book .
Realize I still need to work on anger issues !!!
I think I can begin the second half of 2015 confident that I have some control over a few of the big issues .
I 'll end the year with some money in my pocket ... not a lot , but no need to throw the wallet away just yet
I have my health .... No one will be calling me " robust " or " svelte " but I see worse every day .. no pressing need to send the Tutu's to the tailor just yet
I still have a bucket list .. even if one of the items is " Walk ten miles in one continuous stretch of time " ... but , I am up to seven miles !
I 'm in a good frame of mind ... this needs constant monitoring , but the emphasis of mental and physical health go hand in hand
I have friends , family and acquaintances that still speak to me ..... hopefully this relationship is not too fragile
I even started 2015 with a good deed .
I took my sister and her boy friend into Boston for the day .
So as 2015 ages gracefully , I 'll share this thought :
What time did you get up today ?
An old man , a recovering alcoholic , asks me this same question every day .
We share a common bond , many , many years of excess and not enough years of sobriety .
Every day we wake up with our wits about us is a good day .
He had a look of shock on his face when he saw me walking back to the Villa ( the name of the Housing Project , not a mountain valley villa ... alcohol killed that dream ! ) around 7:00 AM ... before he could say anything I asked him : " What time did you get up today ?
Not as early as me I 'd be willing to wager . "
Happy Rest of the Year
When you do wake up in the morning ?
if you are dressed in a Tutu , hopefully it is by design !
May I recommend for your enjoyment : Momma , they took away my coffee shop , and now they 're digging up my back yard !
You may also enjoy : Spring sings in every passing breeze ; riots in the air ; revels in the sunshine . "
I am by no means ready to die !
So , with that fact established , let 's begin at the beginning :
See links for all the Genesis posts to date : Genesis Through My Eyes
In my not too distant past , if I were to see a street person , a bum , sleeping in a door front or on a park bench , I would have kept my distance and perhaps shrugged my shoulders . :
He had the " smarts " to ask someone where to go , I did n't
Waldo County , situated in mid-coast Maine along scenic Penobscot Bay , has genuine New England character evidenced by working port towns and quaint rural villages .
Visitors are awed by the area 's unspoiled beauty .
From striking coastal views to sweeping mountain vistas , dramatic natural settings abound .
In addition great care has been taken to preserve and refurbish numerous historic landmarks , homes and buildings .
Consequently , the Maine of yesteryear is still found here .
Stumble It !
web blog : Time Less Images
web blog : Epicurean Health
web blog : Timeless Snippets
Time - less- imageGoogle +
103806632217634359479
The woman lost contact with her family two years ago and they had no idea where she was until now when she was found floating around a mile off a Colombian beach .
She was later identified as Angelica Gaitan , 46 , who was found in a very weakened state with signs of hypothermia by fisherman Rolando Visbal .
What she had been doing in the previous two years and how she ended up in the sea is currently being investigated by police .
The video shows the moment Visbal and a friend simply identified as ' Gustavo ' approach the floating woman who is almost completely unresponsive .
David Beckham : " Going forward , who knows ? "
A POINT OF VIEW
Blue sky thinking , pushing the envelope - the problem with office - speak is that it cloaks the brutal modern workplace in such brainlessly upbeat language ... as Lucy Kellaway dialogues .
For the last few months I 've been on a mission to rid the world of the phrase " going forward " .
But now I see that the way forward is to admit defeat .
This most horrid phrase is with us on a go - forward basis , like it or not .
I reached this sad conclusion early one morning a couple of weeks ago when listening to Farming Today .
A man from the National Farmers ' Union was talking about matters down on the farm and he uttered three " going forwards " in 28 seconds .
The previous radio record , by my reckoning , was held by Robert Peston , the BBC 's business editor .
He managed three going forwards in four minutes on the Today programme , but then maybe that was n't such a huge achievement when you think that he spends his life rubbing shoulders with business people .
And they say going forward every time they want to make any comment about the future , which is rather often .
But for the farmer , who spends his life rubbing shoulders with cows , to say it so often represented a linguistic landmark .
If the farms of England are now going forward , then there is no turning back for any of us .
When someone says ' going forward ' it assaults the ears just as , when a colleague starts slurping French onion soup at a neighbouring desk , it assaults the nose
Hear Radio 4's A Point of View
The 50 phrases you love to hate I know I 'm on slightly shaky ground talking on the radio about how badly other people talk on the radio .
I 'm also feeling a bit chastened having recently read a column by Craig Brown in the Telegraph consisting of spoof letters from language pedants .
One of them went like this : " Sir - Listening to my wireless , I heard a song with the chorus , ' She loves you yeah yeah yeah ' .
Later in the same song , insult was added to injury with yet another chorus , this time , ' She loves you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah ' .
Whatever happened to that good old - fashioned word " yes " ?
What was even funnier than his column was the readers ' response to it on the Telegraph website .
Most of them had quite failed to notice that they were being laughed at , and seized on the opportunity to voice their own concerns over declining standards of modern English .
One took issue with the preposition " on " , wailing over its use in " on the weekend " and " on the team " .
Another despaired over " for free " .
A third deplored " different to " .
You could say this orgy of pedantry was not only tedious , but also pointless .
Language changes .
End of .
- to use a particularly annoying new phrase .
Yet protesting feels so good .
Not only does it allow one to wallow in the superiority of one 's education , but some words are so downright annoying that to complain brings relief .
When someone says " going forward " it assaults the ears just as , when a colleague starts slurping French onion soup at a neighbouring desk , it assaults the nose .
Flinch mob
We all have our own pet hates - I do n't particularly mind " for free " : I think it 's quite comic .
Neither do I mind the preposition " on " .
But " up " - now that 's another matter altogether .
To free up and to head up , both deliver a little jolt of irritation whenever I hear them .
And as for heads - up , as in give me a heads up , that is utterly maddening .
' Sir : Whatever happened to the old fashioned word ' yes ' ? '
In any case , pedantry has a fine tradition .
Writing in The Tatler in 1710 , Jonathan Swift complained , " I have done my utmost for some Years past , to stop the Progress of Mob ... but have been plainly born down by Numbers , and betrayed by those who promised to assist me . "
Instead of saying mob , they should have used the proper Latin term mobile vulgus , mobile meaning changeable or fickle and vulgus meaning common people .
Yet here I think Swift was being a fussy old bore in objecting to a harmless little bit of shortening .
One syllable is surely a lot more manageable than five , so I really can't see what his problem was .
And the word mob is so good it has survived the next three centuries with meaning unchanged .
By contrast there is so much more to object to in " going forward " .
It clings to the tongues of speakers compelling them to utter it again and again .
It is a grown up equivalent of the word " like " , which seems to trip off the tongue of the average teenager every two or three waking seconds .
Like " like " , " going forward " is as contagious as smallpox .
It started with business people , and now has not only infected farmers , it has reached epidemic proportions with footballers .
Hippie hangover
When asked if he was going to be the England captain again after his triumph with Trinidad and Tobago , David Beckham came out with the gnomic reply " Going forward , who knows . "
It seems that the less one has to say , the more likely one is to reach for a going forward as a crutch .
Politicians find it comforting for this reason .
" We are going forward " poor Hillary Clinton said just before the last , fatal primary last month when it became indisputable that she was going nowhere of the kind .
One of the big banks is seeking ' passionate banking representatives to uphold our values ' - this is a lie .
It wants competent people to follow instructions and answer the phones
Yet more than all this , the really lethal thing about the whole language of business - is that it is so brainlessly upbeat .
All the celebrating , the reaching out , the sharing , and the championing in fact grind one down .
Several decades too late , it is as if business has caught up with the linguistic spirit of 1968 .
The hippies got over it , but businessmen are holding tight .
The reason that the talk jars so much is that the walk does n't match .
The reality is that business is the most brutal it has been for half a century .
If your company is not better than the competition , it goes bust .
If you are n't good , or are n't thought to be good ( which is a slightly different thing ) you get pushed aside .
For nearly a decade I wrote a fictional column in the Financial Times about a senior manager who spoke almost entirely in business cliches .
Martin Lukes talked the talk .
Or rather , he added value by reaching out and sharing his blue sky thinking .
At the end of the day he stepped up to the plate and delivered world class jargon that really pushed the envelope .
After eight years of being him I came to accept the nouns pretending to be verbs .
To task and to impact .
Even the new verb to architect I almost took in my stride .
I did n't even really mind the impenetrable sentences full of leveraging value and paradigm shifts .
But what still rankled after so long were the little things : that he said myself instead of me and that he would never talk about a problem , when he could dialogue around an issue instead .
Misplaced passion Many of Martin 's favourite phrases have recently found their way onto a list of 100 banned words that has been sent by the Local Government Association to Councils with the instruction that they are no longer to use them .
It 's a nice try , but I fear they are just as likely to succeed as I was with going forward .
Plenty of passion , yet no sign of a crucifixion
Yet what no list of words can get at is the new business insincerity : a phoney upping of the emotional ante .
Last week I got an e-mail from someone I had never met that began by saying " I 'm reaching out to you " and ended " warmest personal regards " .
As her regards had no business to be either warm or personal , the overall effect was somewhat chilling .
But this incontinent gush is nothing compared to an e-mail sent by an extremely powerful person at JP Morgan encouraging his investment banking team to be more human .
In it he said : " Take the time today to call a client and tell them you love them .
They wo n't forget you made the call . "
Indeed .
I 'm sure the client would remember such a call for a very long time .
If love has no place in the language of business , neither does passion .
Passion , says the dictionary , means a strong sexual desire or the suffering of Christ at the crucifixion .
In other words it does n't really have an awful lot to do with a typical day in the office - unless things have gone very wrong indeed .
And yet passion is something that every employee must attest to in order to get through any selection process .
Every one of the candidates in the final rounds of interview on the Apprentice solemnly declared that they were passionate about being Sir Alan 's Apprentice .
It 's not only when you 're trying to impress nine million viewers on national TV .
Even to get a humble job in a call centre passion is required .
One of the big banks is currently advertising for such workers saying " we seek passionate banking representatives to uphold our values . "
This is a lie .
Actually what the bank is seeking is competent people to follow instructions and answer the phones .
The biggest lie of all in business speak is about ownership .
In order to make it appear that there is a strong bond between customers and companies there is My e-Bay and My EasyJet and - most successfully of all - Your M&S .
At the risk of being as pedantic as Jonathan Swift , I 'd like to point out that it is n't my M&S .
It is n't yours either .
Neither is it even Stuart Rose 's M&S .
The company belongs to its shareholders .
Though , just for the record , the knighthood Sir Stuart was given last week by the Queen really was his .
Yet even that he deemed to be owned more broadly .
It 's not really for me , he said , it 's for all M&S employees .
I 'm not quite sure what he was saying here , unless it was that everyone who works at Your M&S can call themselves Sir and Lady , going forward .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
As freelance copywriters , we spend a lot of time trying to convince people that business speak is archaic , and to find their companys real voice .
But the use of a particular word in a company department can become almost fashionable .
Marketing , HR , sales  theyve all got their own micro-languages .
The good news is , people are starting to recognise how ridiculous management claptrap is - Business Bingo wasnt invented for nothing .
The bad news ?
Well , the trend now is towards sounding like Innocent .
They developed a fantastic voice , which comes from who they are and what they do .
Fine if you sell fruit - based drinks .
Not so good if you re a financial adviser .
Everyones different , but its taking a while to convince some businesses of that .
Agent A , UK I consider myself a linguist ( being fluent in six languages , English being one of my foreign ones ) , but I also consider myself a business woman and a positive thinker .
" Going forward " is the ONLY way to go , because what is the alternative ?
Staying put ?
Going backwards ?
Too many people are stuck in the past , both in their personal and their professional lives .
There is nothing grammatically wrong with it either ( apart from the fact that it should read " going forwards " ) and as you correctly point out , language changes ; it is a living thing that constantly develops .
I am all for correct punctuation and spelling , but the most important function of language is what it conveys , and in this case , going forward (s ) conveys exactly the right message .
Pessimism and realism are the quickest ways to get the economy in decline , positivism is the only way to get it back on track .
Inge van der Veen , Bristol , UK
The evolution of the language is what keeps it from following Latin into obscurity .
But sloppy cliches , impenetrable jargon and meaningless verbal litter , like , just clutter and obstruct clear communication and hide superficial thinking .
What we need is a new Oftalk to regulate the use of language , headed by Communication Czar who is passionate about going forward to champion the cause of the deep - rooted values that underpin the language that we all cherish as embodying the lasting and universal but distinctively English values of ... now hang on , where was I ?
Yitz Freeman
This usage seems fairly mysterious :
The president said he is confident that ...
Mr Brown will ... " make sure that the sacrifices that have gone forward wo n't be unravelled by draw - downs that may not be warranted " .
Ali , London Language needs to adapt to new developments .
While I agree that changing the word " redundant " to " downsized " , does little to change the fact that you need to find a new job , trying to halt the expansion of language is like trying to stop tide .
George Orwell 's 1984 shows us that the fewer words we have to express and think with , the more limited and controlled we become .
As it 's not the weapons that kill people , but rather those who use them , words are not insincere , but those who speak them may be .
So let 's go forward and push the envelope of word usage , but let 's do it with a bit of serenity .
DS , Croydon , England Unfortunately , the success of English as the dominant business language means that England no longer has control , but surely that 's better than having a group of 20 octogenarians telling us we should say magnetoscope instead of video recorder .
Plus , we can now play Buzzword Bingo during tedious cross-channel conference calls .
JC Lux , Luxembourg
Finally someone else thinks the same as me about that horrible expression ... whatever happened to " in future " or " looking ahead " ?
James , Geneva " Speak English , or get out . "
I say this A LOT .
Nic , Nottingham , England
My pet hates in badly used language are " can I lend some money ? " instead of " can I borrow some money " which is what they mean .
Using " can " when you should use " may " .
Mispronunciation of the word specific as pacific , I could go on but that would probably make me one of the pedants referred to in the article .
The English language is a wonderfully rich and beautiful one , and we have a duty to avoid it being adulterated with pointless Americanisms and business - speak .
All languages evolve , but their manner of evolution is a matter for the native speakers to decide .
Megan , Leeds
No-one wishes to be reactionary and oppose all linguistic evolution ; the efforts in France to " protect " their language are absurd and rightly the butt of much ridicule .
However , Lucy Kellaway usefully points out how much of these recent changes are intended to deceive and mislead .
Most of the phrases are merely empty , but some are deliberately dishonest and designed to distort meaning .
( She takes her examples from the business world but this kind of malevolent misuse of language is at the heart of the " political correctness " fanaticism which can be seen in the political and social realms . )
Douglas McCallum , Kingdom of Bahrain ( temporary ) ; otherwise , Bullwood , by Dunoon ( Agyll ) I 've been following use of the word " dramatically " in all kinds of prose .
It is used by everyone from Bill Gates to local journalists , and has a variety of meanings .
Its polysyllabic nature is used to add drama to almost any statement .
Richard Chase , Vancouver Canada
At last , thank you .
Going forward and leveraging have been driving me mad too as I could not see what either phrase actually meant .
People seem to absorb them by a kind of collective hypnosis and then regurgitate them in incomprehensible sentences or paragraphs , together with most of the examples you quote above .
I thought it was just me and I wondered why I could not understand English any more .
Cathy Gillespie , Kenley , UK Like , would n't it be really cool if going forward when writers deciding on the topics to write on , they 'd like would put the emphasis on the struggles they have with their own shortcomings as opposed to writing rants about what 's wrong with the world ?
It 's like in your article there are no solutions , only a bunch of holier than thous .
Of course you admit to this ; but only so others do n't have to point it out to you .
If you see the judgement in it , why write it .
It 's like saying , " the flame is hot " and then sticking your finger in it .
Do n't get me wrong , I see the entertainment value in your writing ; but overall it 's just as superficial as the level of speaking ability of the average person .
I 've seen the same thing in my own writings and so moving forward I 'm changing my style .
How about you ?
Michael , Lilburn , GA , US I once turned down a four - week temping assignment because the people who interviewed me for the job used the term " going forward " in amongst other useless business - speak which annoyed me no end .
I could n't stand the thought of four weeks of that kind of talk , it was working for the government .
Nina , Sydney , Australia
It sounds good - " We will review this going forward " = " We will sit around and see what happens " - seldom has doing nothing sounded so like a plan .
In my office we dissuade people from using the phrase by laughing at them and pointing out how stupid they sound .
In future , we expect fewer people to use it .
Tom , Blackburn , UK I have the misfortune to work in the corporate events industry , and as a result , I spend my life in conference rooms around the globe , listening to the endless drone of business - speak .
I am not sure if it is an urban myth , but apparently " going forward " became popular after New York Mayor Giuliani used it in his post 9/11 speech - it was snapped up by every business school on the planet , and has become top - scorer on the ' Corporate BS Bingo ' card .
It has become the corporate equivalent of the full stop .
JR , Cambridgeshire , UK
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Bizarre Japanese Arcade Game : Live Lobster Catcher
Remember those coin-operated “ claw ” games in the 80’s , where you could snag some fuzzy dice if you moved the robot hand with enough skill ?
Well the Japanese arcades have a weirder , more sophisticated version .
Having long moved on from useless stuffed animal prizes , the clientÃ¨le are hungry for something more interesting and substantial … like a delicious live lobster !
This “ Sub Marine Catcher ” arcade game , photographed in Osaka ’s trendy Namba district , allows Japanese gamers to try their hand at catching live lobsters .
It takes some skill , because lobsters are wary of being grabbed by an electric claw and they dash away .
If you do manage to snag one , you ’ll really impress your date – and the arcade manager will give you a plastic baggie to take it home for a nice romantic dinner .
Or , at the very least , your junior high school friends will think you ’re cool .
But what happens if you do n’t get any ( lobster ) tail ?
Do n’t worry !
There ’s plenty of weird , delicious snacks available in downtown Osaka .
The city is famous for tako - yaki , or roasted octopus balls .
Rubbery bits of chopped octopus tentacles are mixed with a flour batter and roasted in a golf - ball - sized fry pan , and then smothered in barbecue sauce , fish flakes and seaweed dust .
It will set you back only 600 yen , and it goes down great with a lime or mango slushee .
Do n’t laugh : this fast food snack is every bit as legit and popular in Osaka , as a Philly Cheesesteak or a New York hot dog are in their own hometowns .
And it tastes way better than it sounds .
If I had some fresh octopus in the fridge and bonito flakes in the cupboard , I ’d be tempted to fry some up right now !
—
Brett Borders spent 4 years living and traveling in Asia .
He now runs a Denver SEO company that specializes in online reputation management .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Should results of experiments on proprietary datasets be in the academic research literature ?
The arguments I can imagine in the “ against ” column are :
Experiments are not repeatable .
Repeatability in experiments is essential to science because it allows others to compare new methods with old and discover which is better .
It ’s unfair .
Academics who do n’t have insider access to proprietary data are at a substantial disadvantage when competing with others who do .
I ’m unsympathetic to argument ( 2 ) .
To me , it looks like their are simply some resource constraints , and these should not prevent research progress .
For example , we would n’t prevent publishing about particle accelerator experiments by physicists at CERN because physicists at CMU could n’t run their own experiments .
Argument ( 1 ) seems like a real issue .
The argument for is :
Yes , they are another form of evidence that an algorithm is good .
The degree to which they are evidence is less than for publicly repeatable experiments , but greater than nothing .
What if research can only be done in a proprietary setting ?
It has to be good for society at large to know what works .
Consider the game theory perspective .
For example , suppose ICML decides to reject all papers with experiments on proprietary datasets .
And suppose KDD decides to consider them as weak evidence .
The long term result may be that beginning research on new topics which is only really doable in companies starts and then grows at KDD .
I consider the arguments for to be stronger than the arguments against , but I ’m aware others have other beliefs .
I think it would be good to have a policy statement from machine learning conferences in their call for papers , as trends suggest this becoming a more serious problem in the mid-term future .
Denmark will be the best place in the world to conduct business over the next five years , according to the Economist Intelligence Unit 's latest business environment ranking .
The country scored well in all ten ranking categories ( see methodology ) and stands out in particular for three things : its successive governments ' pro-business policies ; structural reforms that have increased labour market flexibility ; and a fiscal policy that has targeted surpluses without compromising the quality of public services .
One of the most attractive aspects of Denmark 's business environment is its labour market — Denmark 's " flexicurity model " has become the yardstick for reforms in other European countries in recent years .
The system combines low , non-wage labour costs and few restrictions on hiring and firing with high unemployment benefits ( funded by the state , not business , via income tax ) and opportunities for workers to upgrade their skills .
This provides a high degree of flexibility for employers while generating a high level of employment and income security .
Denmark 's overall tax burden and marginal taxes are high , but these help maintain a well - educated workforce , good transport and communication infrastructures , and excellent public services .
About ASERT
In addition to world - class products , NETSCOUT ’s customers are also supported by a unique threat analysis research infrastructure called ATLAS , as well as NETSCOUT ’s ATLAS Security Engineering & Response Team ( ASERT ) , world - class security researchers and analysts .
NETSCOUT ’s ASERT delivers world - class network security research and analysis for the benefit of today ’s enterprise and network operators .
ASERT engineers and researchers are part of an elite group of institutions that are referred to as ‘ super remediators ’ and represent the best in information security .
ASERT has both visibility and remediation capabilities at nearly every tier one operator and a majority of service provider networks globally .
Package Holiday Cat Gets Mailed across Germany
Tomcat Janosch was just looking for a nice place to sleep when he got into a neighbor 's box .
Instead , he and the package were shipped halfway across Germany .
( CNN ) --
Ask doctors if their male patients ignore big and obvious health symptoms , and they 'll respond with laughter -- huge peals and guffaws .
Some doctors say men are more likely than women to ignore symptoms or deny that they even exist .
Once they regain the ability to speak , these doctors will say things such as " I do n't even know where to start , " and " You do n't have enough room in your story for all the symptoms men blow off . "
Conventional wisdom , they say , is true .
Women listen to their bodies and go to the doctor when something is n't right .
Men tend to seek medical attention when they 're at death 's door -- or when their wives prod them into going .
" I think it 's a macho thing , " says Dr. Barron Lerner , professor of medicine and public health at Columbia University .
" Or maybe it 's denial .
Maybe they think if they deny a problem , it does n't exist . "
" I call it the ostrich phenomenon , " says Dr. Harvey Simon , associate professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and editor of the Harvard Men 's Health Watch newsletter .
" Guys are very prone to sticking their head in the sand and hoping when they emerge everything will be back to normal .
It 's a very , very bad idea . "
While the list , according to these physicians , is endless , here are the top five symptoms men ignore -- sometimes until it 's too late .
1. Chest pain
You'd think this would be the last thing a man would ignore , but our men's health experts say it happens all the time .
" They think , ' Oh , I 'm just out of shape , or I 'm having a little indigestion , or I 'm under pressure , ' " says Dr. Joseph Scherger , a clinical professor of family medicine at the University of California , San Diego .
" It 's quite classic for men to do that . "
Watch more from Elizabeth Cohen about men's health »
Simon says , " I tell my medical students that the most common symptoms of a heart attack is chest pain , and the second most common one is denial . "
Bottom line :
Anyone experiencing chest tightness , chest pain or shortness of breath needs medical attention .
2 . A big belly
" Belly fat is the worst fat you can have , " says Dr. Harry Fisch , a professor of clinical urology at Columbia .
" A big belly is a sign a man has low testosterone levels .
And the lower the testosterone , the greater the risk of diabetes and coronary artery disease . "
While a woman might go on every diet in the world to lose weight , men often have a different solution :
They lower their belts .
" I 've had men say to me , ' See , my pants size has n't changed . '
I say , ' Baloney .
Your belly is still there .
It 's just above your belt , ' " says Simon .
3 . An unenthusiastic penis
Impotence may be purely psychological , but it also could be a sign that a man has cardiovascular disease .
" The penis is the dipstick of the body 's health , " Fisch says .
If the arteries that supply blood to the penis are n't working right , those supplying blood to the heart and brain might not be working so well either .
Our experts advise men with erectile dysfunction to use their doctors for more than just Viagra dispensers .
" A doctor ought to be working these men up for coronary artery disease , high blood pressure and cholesterol , which are often linked to erectile dysfunction , " Simon says .
4 . More frequent urination
Urinating more frequently can be a sign of prostatitis , or inflammation of the prostate gland .
" I 'll ask a patient if he 's getting up at night to urinate , and he 'll say , ' Oh , yeah , two or three times . '
I ask him if that bothers him , and he 'll say no .
I tell him it should , " Fisch says .
5. Prescription drug addiction
" Men sometimes do n't realize they 're addicted to prescription drugs , " says Dr. Joel Heidelbaugh , a family medicine specialist at the University of Michigan Medical School .
" Maybe they 're taking medicine for back pain , and a couple of years later they 're still on them .
They can't function without them , and they do n't even know it . "
Heidelbaugh says he 's seen patients addicted to drugs such as Vicodin and Oxycontin without knowing it .
" They never realized they need to get off of them , " he says .
There is one area , Heidelbaugh says , where men zip right into their physician without hesitation .
" Rashes in the groin , masses in the testicles , pain in that area -- that gets them into the doctor , " he says .
Scherger adds , " Men are probably more keyed in to their groins than other parts of their body .
They 're pretty fixated on their penis and genital area .
That 's where they have the least amount of denial . "
CNN 's Jennifer Pifer and Sarah Edwards contributed to this report .
Bjorn Ulvaeus said money was no motivation for returning Swedish supergroup Abba will never perform on stage again , two of the band 's members have said .
Bjorn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson told The Sunday Telegraph there was " simply no motivation to regroup " .
" We would like people to remember us as we were , young , exuberant and full of ambition , " Ulvaeus told the newspaper .
The band enjoyed a string of hits in the 1970s and 80s , later spawning the musical Mamma Mia ! , which has been adapted for the big screen .
Power of veto
Ulvaeus added : " I remember Robert Plant saying Led Zeppelin were a covers band now because they cover all their own stuff .
" I think that hit the nail on the head . "
Andersson said he was surprised that the group 's hit songs had lived on for so long .
" You know what pop music is .
It is there for the time it actually happens .
We were absolutely dead sure it would be the same for us . "
Abba celebrate their Eurovision victory in 1974
The musicians said they exercised some control over the use of their songs in the stage musical and subsequent film version , which they were closely involved with .
" You do n't just give songs away to anyone to do with what they want .
It would have been a disaster , " said Andersson .
" We had the power of veto which meant we could have stopped it at any time . "
The Swedish band came to prominence through winning the Eurovision Song Contest in 1974 , and went on to score a string of chart - topping records around the world .
Their UK number ones included Knowing Me , Knowing You , Take A Chance On Me and The Winner Takes It All .
Abba disbanded in 1982 , but never officially announced a split .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Counting in hexadecimal on your fingers [ Jun. 2nd , 2008 | 07:01 pm ] pozorvlak
A simple and occasionally handy trick which deserves to be better known .
Use your thumb as a pointer , and your finger joints and fingertips to represent the numbers .
Thus :
Thumb pointing to base of index finger = 0
Thumb pointing to first joint of index finger = 1
Thumb pointing to second joint of index finger = 2
Thumb pointing to tip of index finger = 3
Thumb pointing to base of middle finger = 4
...
...
Thumb pointing to tip of little finger =
F = 15
By using both hands , you can either have a counter with two hex digits ( so you can count from 0 to 255 ) , or two separate counters .
You can use the same trick to count in base 12 : ignore the fingertips , and just count on the joints .
A nice side - effect of counting like this ( as I discovered this afternoon ) is that to casual observers you look like you 're meditating : hold your hands palm upwards and stare at something for the full effect .
I learned this trick from an early chapter of Georges Ifrah 's monumental Universal History of Numbers , the bulk of which has sat accusingly unread on my bookshelves since roughly 2002 .
While it looks fascinating , it 's also about six inches thick ( it 's spread over three volumes ) , and thus is rather intimidating .
The trick was listed as one of the ways in which pre-literate peoples count : the general rule is " by enumerating parts of their bodies in a predefined sequence " , but the number and sequence of the parts varies from people to people ( though less than you 'd think ) .
Base sixteen is n't as common a number base as 10 or 12 , but it 's far from unknown .
Another interesting titbit from the book was the list of independent reinventions of " Roman " numbers : it seems that they 're essentially the obvious way of counting using notches on a stick after " one notch per item " becomes unwieldy .
[ Totally confused by this entry ?
Hexadecimal notation ( or base 16 ) is a way of writing numbers down .
In ordinary decimal notation , each column describes numbers ten times the size of the numbers in the column to its right ; the sequence is ... thousands , hundreds , tens , units , tenths , hundredths , ... .
In hexadecimal , each column describes numbers sixteen times the size of the numbers in the column to its right .
This has all sorts of uses in computing and electronics .
For more , see here . ]
Edit : Reddit thread .
And it seems I was totally wrong in thinking this technique was confined to preliterate people - it 's extremely common throughout the Indian subcontinent , and probably further afield !
I do like it when I learn something new from comments on a blog post .
See the comments below for more finger - counting techniques ( and yes , I already know about the sodding binary technique , I just choose not to use it because it 's extremely uncomfortable for me .
Happy ? :-) ) .
" I still wear a flat cap when I go out shopping and often leave it on when I get home and end up sitting watching TV with my cap on They look smart and they keep your head nice and warm . "
“ This is about putting it back to the way it was in the 1890s , ” Mr. Guest said .
“ What will happen is that if you come back here in 20 years , it will look indistinguishable from the way it looked before the white man arrived . ”
The future challenges will probably intersect with the land ’s more recent history .
Since 1931 , United States Sugar has farmed the area , using fertilizers that have often released phosphorous into the water .
The legacy of their efforts could prove hidden at first .
Efforts to reflood and clean up Lake Apopka near Orlando ran into trouble over the last decade when polluted sediments rose to the surface in unexpected levels .
The company has long denied that its efforts severely damaged the land , and executives said that the sale would benefit the Everglades , and shareholders .
“ It ’s dollars and cents and the right thing to do , ” said Robert H. Buker Jr. , the company ’s president , in an interview after the announcement .
“ If I had to go out I ’d rather  all of us would rather it went out to make the state of Florida better . ”
The company will face some hurdles .
The lawsuit involving former employees will not disappear but will probably include fewer plaintiffs , said Curtis Miner , one of the workers ’ lawyers .
Some , like Randy Smith , 57 , who cashed out last year at $ 194 a share after 25 years with the company , said Tuesday ’s deal only proved that he did not receive his fair share .
“ I got ripped off pretty good , ” he said .
Those most affected though will be current workers , and they could decide whether the purchase goes through .
United States
Sugar took its stock off the public market in 1983 to create an employee stock ownership plan , so technically the company is owned by the workers .
Mr. Buker said he expected the workers would approve the deal because of the money they could make .
But at a meeting with workers in Clewiston on Tuesday , opinions seemed mixed .
Some workers said they were angry they were left out of the loop .
As recently as Tuesday morning , bosses told them that rumors of a sale were not true .
About The City Program
For over 25 years , we 've been delivering cutting - edge learning opportunities and public programming that help the general public and planning , policy , and development professionals build better communities .
Read more ...
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Food for hungry mouths
Enlarge Image
At least one of Britain 's birds appears to be coping well as climate change alters the availability of a key food .
Researchers found that great tits are laying eggs earlier in the spring than they used to , keeping step with the earlier emergence of caterpillars .
Writing in the journal Science , they point out that the same birds in the Netherlands have not managed to adjust .
Understanding why some species in some places are affected more than others by climatic shifts is vital , they say .
The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds ( RSPB ) commented that other species are likely to fare much worse than great tits as temperatures rise .
Perfect timing
The research uses a long record of great tits in a breeding site at Wytham Woods near Oxford , where observations began in 1947 .
The finding is surprising in that the birds are using the same old rules , but the rules still work
Professor Marcel Visser
" We think its the longest running population study of wild animals anywhere in the world where animals are marked ( ringed ) , " said Ben Sheldon of Oxford University , who led the new research .
" The population contains about 400 breeding pairs , and they produce between them 2,000 or more offspring each year - so over the course of the study about 80,000 birds have been ringed and studied , " he told BBC News .
The current work used records going back only to 1961 , when a standard methodology was adopted .
The great tits are laying eggs now about two weeks earlier in the year than they were 47 years ago .
The timing is crucial , because for the two - week period after they hatch , the chicks have to gobble down huge quantities of winter moth caterpillars which only emerge for a short period .
" Winter moth larvae can make up up to 90 % of the biomass of insects on oak trees at that time , " said Professor Sheldon .
" Great tits have eight or nine babies in a brood , and each of them will eat about 70 caterpillars a day .
Enlarge Image
The chicks hatch and are fully grown within two weeks , so they need something that 's really abundant - that 's why they synchonise their breeding so hatching co-incides with the emergence of the caterpillars . "
The caterpillars ' appearance is triggered by ambient temperature - that has been shown in the laboratory - and it is believed that great tits also begin their breeding cycle in response to temperatures .
Their movement to an earlier breeding time does not involve an evolutionary change , the scientists believe - it is simply that individual birds are able to change their behaviour , in the same way that they have presumably adapted to warmer or cooler phases before the era of human - induced global warming .
Different strokes
In Wytham , the behaviour of the two species is changing in step ; but other situations are very different .
Three years ago , Marcel Visser from the Netherlands Institute of Ecology in Heteren collated a number of these cases .
The North American wood warbler has not adapted its migration pattern to the earlier emergence of caterpillars in its breeding ground , and the Dutch honey buzzard is also failing to adapt to the earlier appearance of wasps , which it eats .
The red admiral butterfly is arriving on the UK 's shores earlier from its winter grounds in north Africa ; but the staple food of its larvae , the common nettle , continues to flower at the same time each year .
Wytham Woods are home to about 400 breeding pairs of great tits Just across the North Sea in Holland , Professor Visser has also found that great tits are faring very differently from their British cousins ; the breeding time is advancing each year , but the emergence of caterpillars is advancing three times faster .
" The UK finding is to some extent surprising in that the birds are using the same old rules , but the rules still work , " he told BBC News .
" In our study population , the same old rules do n't work any more ; so it 's an interesting question as to which situation is the normal one and which is the exception . "
The RSPB and other conservation bodies have regularly warned that climate shifts could have a devastating impact on some species ; and they believe the new research does not change that picture .
" It 's great to hear that the great tit is able to keep pace with the rapid rate of climate change , but then it 's probably in the best place to do that , " observed RSPB spokesman Grahame Madge .
" They 're abundant birds , they can live in gardens , woodland and open country , and they churn out large numbers of young in a short space of time , so they 're better able to learn changes in behaviour . "
The organisation believes - as do others - that climate change is one of the main cuplrits for the abrupt declines in some seabird populations around UK coasts in recent years .
The Oxford and Heteren groups are now planning to collaborate on a study to elucidate why some populations apparently adapt well to climate change , and others do not .
" Our study shows that sometimes individuals can be very flexible in their behaviour , " said Ben Sheldon .
" What we want to do is to try and understand why some species are flexible and others are n't - it 's the ones that are n't flexible that are going to be at risk . "
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
After more than a half year since the first Opera 9.5 public build , desktop team just released Opera 9.5 Release Candidate ( RC ) .
One of the most important changes which you should know before installing is that “ On Windows , this build will by default replace the default installation of Opera . ”
For a full changelog , check “ Opera 9.5 RC – Prepare for launch ” post .
Download
Windows
Windows Classic
Macintosh
UNIX
I am bit confuised though if this is a RC build or just a regular build before RC launch …
I just watched Expelled presenter Ben Stein ’s Thursday night appearance on the Craig Ferguson late night talk show .
And I must say , it was strange .
I was expecting him to talk about how “ Darwinism ” led to Hitler , and similar nonsense , but what he actually said was just weird :
[ Expelled is ] about the fact that people think that Darwinism explains everything and we want to say that Darwinism does n’t explain the laws of gravity , Darwinism does n’t explain the laws of thermodynamics ..
and
We love [ Darwinism ] , but it just does n’t explain everything , and we do n’t want people to be fired if they say the planets stay in their orbits maybe because of something other than Darwinism .
And we do n’t think Darwinism explains how the planets stay in their orbits ..
and
[ Darwin ’s ] followers claim it explains everything including astronomy …
He did n’t really give any other arguments .
As I said – just weird .
Which scientist thinks Darwinism explains astronomy ?
Which scientist would be fired for suggesting Darwinism does n’t explain the planets ’ orbits ?
Obviously none , but it was such an obvious straw man that I actually wondered if Stein realizes what a stupid film he ’s made and is trying to distance himself from it – making out the whole thing was a big joke .
It ’s hard to believe even he thinks scientists are losing their jobs for suggesting Darwinism does n’t explain astronomy ( whatever “ explain astronomy ” means ) .
Although admittedly with creationists it ’s hard at times to tell their real claims from parody .
At one point he even said :
It is probably best to watch [ Expelled ] while high …
Maybe .
Although I think it more likely they were high while making the film .
Come to think of it , that would explain Stein ’s performance on Thursday night .
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , San Francisco
Xerox 's Parc research lab is a shrine to innovation A rare glimpse of the future has been given by Xerox at its famed Palo Alto Research Centre ( Xerox Parc ) .
On show were a handful of innovations including re-usable paper , environmentally friendly plastic , solar power , water filtering and a cell detection method that could help save lives .
Sophie Vandebroek , chief technology officer at Parc , told BBC News : " I think it is extremely critical to continuously come up with innovative ideas and work with your partners to turn them into innovations that the customers of the world can benefit from .
" If you stand still you become obsolete . "
Xerox along with commercial partners , universities and the government spends $ 1.5 bn ( £ 754 m ) on research and development at Parc and other research centres around the world .
Ms Vandebroek said this was just the tip of the iceberg and that she found it hard to choose just one project as a favourite to show journalists .
" It 's like picking between your children , " she said .
" We picked 10 out of many more projects that are happening in the world today .
The ones we have chosen today are among the newest , that are important to our customers and critical to the future of Xerox and they really enable a sustainable world .
So that is really what Xerox and Parc is all about . "
Parc is something of a shrine to innovation .
Over the years it has given us ethernet , laser printing and pioneered the idea of ubiquitous computing .
Today Xerox is hoping some of these innovations will have just as great an impact on our world and its bank balance .
1 ) Rare Cell Detection
2 ) Erasable paper 3 ) Panel plans
4 ) Spiral cleaning 5 ) Greener plastic
6 ) 3D print preview RARE CELL DETECTION
Laser light is helping boost the chances of spotting cancerous cells
In America 1500 women every year miscarry after undergoing amniocentesis - a test that tries to spot genetic abnormalities in a child while still in the womb .
In the next two to four years scientists at Parc , along with colleagues at the Scripps Research Institute , believe they could replace amniocentesis with a simple blood test given when a foetus is between 8 to 12 weeks old .
Dr Richard Bruce said the ability to locate rare blood cells was done by combining laser techniques with a bundle of optical fibres that can accurately find circulating tumour cells and examine them with a high resolution digital microscope .
Their Fiber Array Scanning Technology is 1,000 times faster than digital microscopy , the current gold standard .
Dr Bruce labels blood with tiny markers and runs a laser over them to give off a fluorescent light .
The different colours given off reveal what types of cancer is lurking in the blood .
" This has the potential to be ground breaking and more importantly save lives . "
Dr Bruce has also been using the technique to detect breast and lung cancer .
Return to top ERASABLE PAPER
Light is used to print on Xerox 's erasable paper Although Xerox is a company largely built around printing and copying , some of its researchers are looking at ways to help people use less paper .
Researchers Paul Smith and Eric Shrader had green thoughts in mind when they came up with the idea of paper that erases itself completely after 24 hours .
Xerox research suggests that upwards of 40 % of printed documents are used only once .
It 's estimated that 15.2 trillion pages of paper are printed worldwide and Xerox predicts the figure will grow by 30 % in the next 10 years .
Said Mr Shrader : " The problem is getting a lot worse and its simply because people love paper . "
Erasable paper is coated with photosensitive chemicals that turn dark when hit with a UV light .
The printer that goes hand in hand with it does not use toner or ink - instead light prints the images .
Mr Shrader said that after 24 hours whatever was printed on the paper disappears .
the paper can be reused up to 100 times .
Return to top PANEL PLANS Technology from printers is being used to produce the small panels Xerox is also working on another green project in partnership with Californian firm SolFocus to make solar panels smaller in size thanks to optics technology from laser printers .
Parc scientist Nitin Parekh said : " The individual concentrators here have been shrunk down and the whole thing has been moulded out of glass . "
He said that although the solar panels were much smaller they converted significantly more sunlight into electricity .
They are also more durable , safer to operate and cheaper to manufacture .
Return to top SPIRAL CLEANING
Using a spiral filter could cut the costs of water treatment Xerox has drawn on technology it developed to move tiny particles of copy toner around for use in its spiral water filter .
Instead of transferring flush water through a series of tanks where the detritus slowly settles out , the device sends it through a spiral channel .
Centrifugal force moves the heavier particles to the outside wall of the channel while clean water hugs the inside .
A fork at the end of the tube splits it into clean and dirty streams .
By the end of the process , said Mr Parekh said : " There is a small stream of water with the particles in it and 90 per cent of the water is clean . "
While this filter can clean out bacteria and other gunk it does not eradicate viruses .
The main beneficiary of this technology could be water treatment facilities that can reduce the amount of land they need because the process does away with several steps in conventional water filtering .
Mr Parekh said other benefits included a reduction in chemical costs and usage by 50 % as well as lower energy requirements .
Return to top GREENER PLASTIC Fuji Xerox uses biomass material in parts of their machines Plastic is one of the great inventions of the 20th century but getting rid of it is a huge environmental headache .
Fuji Xerox thinks it has the answer with a biomass plastic with more than 30 % of which is made from plant material .
This corn based product means carbon dioxide emissions almost 16 % lower compared to oil based plastic .
At the moment though it is three times more expensive than oil based plastic .
But , said Michiaki Yasuno , Xerox has been using it in some of its products since November 2007 .
" The final goal , " he said " is to have everything made from biomass plastic with increased production reducing costs . "
Return to top 3D PRINT PREVIEW
This development is aimed at making life easier for those who have to print large numbers of reports or other documents .
Rob Rolleston 's vision is to take the what - you - see - is - what - you - get ( WYSIWYG ) aspects of word processors to give people a better sense of what a printed page will look like .
The software he has developed produces a 3D view of a document so it can be viewed before being printed or ordered .
It can be looked at from all angles with various binders , colours , thickness of paper and sizes .
The software also lets authors create and personalise everything from origami type invites to gift boxes and cards .
Mr Rolleston sees it as being a boon for people who do a lot of self publishing .
Return to top
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
This fragment is mostly a note to myself and placeholder and might prove useful to someone slashing through the XML undergrowth with bleeding - edge Ruby .
Briefly : I revived my “ RX ” Ruby tokenizer ( see here , here , and here ) to contribute to Antonio Cangiano ’s proposed Ruby benchmark suite , which I think is a Really Good Idea .
I had a bit of pain getting the code to run on both Ruby 1.8 and 1.9 , and then when I tried sanity - checking the output by comparing it to REXML on 1.9 , REXML blew chunks .
There are , apparently , issues about REXML and 1.9 .
Read on for details in the unlikely event that you care about any of this .
Benchmarking ·
There ’s this problem in that there are a lot of plausible - looking Ruby implementations now ( MRI , YARV , JRuby , Rubinius , IronRuby , MagLev ) and it would be nice to compare performance .
I was talking to some of the implementers about this and someone ( Charles Nutter I think ) said “ Problem is , there ’s this huge gap between running fib ( ) and running Rails . ”
So , for example , how do we find out how fast MagLev will run Rails , without going through all the pain of making MagLev run Rails ?
Antonio Cangiano sensibly proposed Let ’s create a Ruby Benchmark Suite ; when Avi Bryant told me he ’d tried my RX code on MagLev , it occurred to me that it might be an interesting benchmark .
RX refresher :
It ’s a pure automaton - based XML tokenizer whose performance is totally dependent on the efficiency of dereferencing integer arrays , and it turns out that mainstream Ruby really sucks at this .
To make it a little more competitive with REXML , the de-facto standard Ruby parser , I had kludged it all over the place with regex preprocessing to cut down on the array traffic .
So I asked Antonio whether , if I de -optimized RX to make it a pure array benchmark , would it be interesting for his suite , and he said yes , so I did .
1.8.6 vs. 1.9 · Perhaps the single most visible difference between today ’s Ruby and tomorrow ’s is in the low - level string - handling API .
Well , an XML parser lives entirely right there , so boy did I ever learn all about it .
I had previously converted RX to run on 2006 - vintage YARV , but I wanted one version of the code that would run in both 1.8.6 and 1.9 .
Sigh .
Here ’s one of the detail issues , to give a feeling for the problems .
Suppose you know that your input stream is in UTF - 8 and you ’ve read a buffer - full of data and you want to turn it into Unicode integer characters for the parser .
The problem is that the buffer might end in the middle of a multi - byte UTF - 8 character .
Easy enough , a glance at the last byte will diagnose that .
The problem is , how do you pull out the unsigned - integer value of the last byte of a buffer , without processing through the whole ( potentially large ) buffer , with code that runs in both Rubies ?
I poked around on IRC and Eric Hodel managed to improve on my original suggestion .
Read it and weep :
def byte_at(s , i ) s[i , 1].unpack ( ' C ' ) [ 0 ]
end
REXML
Ouch · RX has a primitive unit - test suite ; what I do to sanity - check it at a high level is feed a nontrivial XML doc to it and REXML and check that they find the same number of elements , PIs , paragraphs , img elements with a src= attribute whose value ends in .jpg , and occurrences of the word “ the ” in running text .
Well , when I finally got it running in Ruby 1.9 , and started the sanity check , REXML blew up on my document , 2.8 Meg of the input to this blog .
With a bit of poking around , I ascertained that :
Well , there you go .
By the way , in Ruby 1.9 ’s favor , it runs the ( simplified de-optimized ) RX about three times as fast as 1.8.6 .
Any other implementors want a whack at it ?
Bill Maher Takes On Religion
In New Documentary , " Religulous " Posted by Pile ( 10133 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
[ Science ]
His new documentary , Maher travels all around the world addressing the issue of religion in a documentary called " Religulous " due in theaters October 3rd .
Known for his stance against religion , Bill Maher 's views on the various world religions are explored as he travels to numerous religious destinations , such as Jerusalem and the Vatican , interviewing believers from a variety of backgrounds and groups , including Jews for Jesus , Muslims , polygamists , Satanists , Hasidic scholars and even Rael of the Raelian Movement .
In the trailer and documentary Maher also interviews research neuroscientist Andrew Newberg , MD , ( author of Why We Believe What We Believe ) who brain - scans people at the University of Pennyslvania as they pray , meditate and speak in tongues .
The documentary was produced by Thousand Words and is being distributed by Lionsgate .
Originally slated for intentional release date coinciding with the religious Easter holiday 2008 , post - production delays resulting from a screenwriters guild strike pushed the release date back to July 11 , 2008 .
Release has now been pushed back to October 3 , 2008 .
Maher
Posted by Zombie210 on 2008-06-16 12:32:35
I can't wait for it to come out , we should throw an atheist party when it does . :)
Posted by Pile on 2008-06 - 16 13:27:24 definitely Posted by Anonymous on 2008-06-17 19:40:31
I 'm there !!
Posted by Gliscameria on 2008-06-17 20:20:17
Maher is kind of an ass , but I can't help but agree with him on a lot of issues .
It does n't make sense to me that his main gripe with religion is that they try to tell other people what to think and how to feel , but he turns around and tells them they should n't think / feel certian ways .
Still love the show and would kill to go to vegas with the guy .
Posted by Michael D on 2012-03-05 09:19:54
God can only influence . =]
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A steady rise in U.S. consumer prices in January pointed to persistent inflation pressures despite fresh signs on Wednesday that the declining housing sector remains a drag on the economy .
The Consumer Price Index , a broadly based gauge of U.S. inflation , rose a faster - than - forecast 0.4 percent for a second straight month and was up a steep 4.3 percent in the 12 months through January , a Labor Department report showed .
Separately , the Commerce Department said permits for new building fell 3 percent last month to the lowest in 16 years while starts on new homes rose only slightly .
“ It is by no means self - evident that a slowdown in the U.S. economy will hold down inflationary expectations at a time of rising commodity costs , ” said economist Roger Kubarych of UniCredit Global Research in New York .
The Federal Reserve later lowered its estimate for U.S. economic growth in 2008 to a range of 1.3 percent to 2 percent from 1.8 to 2.5 percent that it had foreseen last November .
It cited “ an especially worrisome possibility ” that economic weakness may feed on a contraction in credit and thus further undermine growth .
Financial services firm UBS , in a research report issued on Wednesday , said it considered that a mild recession already has begun in the United States .
IT ’S HERE , NOW
“ It ’s not coming , it ’s here , ” UBS said .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The Fed , the U.S. central bank , has been aggressively cutting the benchmark federal funds interest rate , bringing it down to 3 percent from 5.25 percent in mid-September to bolster the economy against a housing downturn and a pinch in credit .
Stock prices fell after the unfavorable prices data was published but recovered later on the back of stronger prices for technology stocks after computer maker Hewlett - Packard Co reported heftier profits .
The Dow Jones industrial average added 90.04 points or 0.73 percent to end at 12,427.26 while the high - tech - laden Nasdaq Composite Index rose 20.90 points or 0.91 percent to end at 2,327.10 .
Bond prices were mixed .
Investors sought safe haven in U.S. Treasuries in the morning but returned to equities in the afternoon when computer stocks began to rise .
The bellwether 10 - year Treasury note rose 3/32 in price and yielded 3.90 percent while the two - year note was down 4/32 and yielded 2.14 percent .
Bond prices and yields move inversely .
In a speech in Kirksville , Missouri , St. Louis Fed President William Poole said that while the U.S. central bank must try to nurture growth , it should not do so at the cost of permitting inflation to get out of control and wreak havoc .
“ A substantial increase in the rate of inflation promises a larger recession later , as the country learned at such great cost in the 1970s , ” Poole pointed out .
Not only was the headline CPI higher in January , but so were closely watched core prices , which exclude food and energy costs .
Core prices rose 0.3 percent , the strongest increase for any month since June 2006 .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
For the 12 months through January , core prices were up 2.5 percent compared with 2.4 percent a month earlier .
It was the largest 12 - month gain since March and a pace that is likely to make Fed officials uncomfortable .
INFLATION FLAG WAVING
“ This is going to raise the flag on the inflation front , but it ’s not going to take away the front - end action from the Fed to support growth , ” said Lindsey Piegza , a market analyst with FTN Financial in New York .
Price increases were widespread , with food costs notably higher .
Food prices jumped 0.7 percent , the largest rise since last February , after being up a scant 0.1 percent in December .
That offset an easing in the pace of energy price rises , which were up 0.7 percent last month after climbing 1.7 percent in December .
The CPI and housing starts reports underlined the economic difficulties at the beginning of the year as the Bush administration sought to shore up the economy with a $ 152 billion fiscal stimulus plan and the Fed lowered benchmark interest rates to try to spur growth and lending .
“ I do worry that Fed claims of ( inflation ) expectations remaining anchored will go the way of claims that the subprime mess was contained , ” commented Joseph Brusuelas , chief U.S. economist for IDEAglobal .
New U.S. housing permits slipped to a 1.048 million annual rate , the weakest since November 1991 .
Permits are an indicator of builder confidence in future housing activity .
Starts rose to a 1.012 million unit annual rate , a slight rebound from the revised 1.004 million pace in December , which was the lowest since May 1991 .
In more dour housing news , U.S. mortgage applications plunged last week , with loan demand hitting the lowest since the start of the year as interest rates surged , according to the Mortgage Bankers Association .
TITAN is a bit of a hulk .
It can lift a BMW into the air with just one arm , swing it around and then set it down again in exactly the same spot with barely a quiver .
Moving cars is a piece of cake for the world 's strongest robot .
Built by KUKA , a large German robot - maker , Titan lifts 1,000kg and with its arm extended is as tall as a giraffe .
It works out by moving huge concrete structures , steel - castings and pallets loaded with glass .
At just 1.4 metres in height , Partner Robot is a wimp — but its talent is versatility , not strength .
Made by Toyota , Partner Robot is humanoid .
Rather than being bolted to the floor like Titan , it can walk on two articulated legs .
One version can even run a little .
Instead of a single giant limb , it has two arms each with four delicate fingers and a thumb .
With a violin tucked under its chin , Partner Robot can make a decent fist of the tune to “ Land of Hope and Glory ” .
If you give Partner Robot a shove , its sense of balance is good enough to stop it from falling flat on its expressionless face .
As different as these two machines are , they share a common ancestor : the industrial robot .
The first factory robots appeared in the 1960s .
They could do only simple , monotonous and mundane things , like moving objects from one production line to another — they were drudges , like the slaves Karel Capek described in 1920 in the play that coined the term from the Czech word robota , or “ forced labour ” .
By the 1990s factory robots had become adept at cutting , milling , welding , assembling and operating warehouses .
The cost of industrial robots has also fallen sharply against the cost of people ( see chart ) , which has helped to boost their numbers to more than 1 m worldwide .
Most of them are built in Europe and Japan , with about half at work in Asia .
Today , thanks to the relentless increase in the power of computing , the latest robots are being fitted with sophisticated systems that enable them to see , feel , move and work together .
Robot engineers call this “ mechatronics ” : the union of mechanics , optics , electronics , computers and software .
Some factory robots are now smart enough to be released from their safety cages to work among humans .
And as they become cleverer and more dexterous , they are starting to move from factories to offices and homes .
A robot is defined not by its appearance , but by how it is controlled .
The more automated it is and the more it can determine its behaviour , the more likely it is to count as a robot .
Many single - function service robots are already familiar .
They could be vacuuming the floor , cutting the grass or guarding your property while you are away .
In some clinics transport robots ferry around paperwork and medicine ; or they may be cleaning the office windows .
Thousands of robots are also enrolled in the armed forces where they defuse bombs , fly reconnaissance and attack missions in Iraq and Afghanistan , and meander under the sea .
They do not look at all human : most are blobs on wheels or , if they are airborne , they may look like insects .
But they are robots nonetheless .
Partner Robot is a guess at what a multi- skilled service robot may one day look like , but for the time being it lives in a laboratory .
There is a lot of work to do before it and other humanoid machines , like Honda 's ASIMO , can be sent to earn their living in the outside world .
Even now , humanoid robots greet people or guide them through exhibitions , but they are curiosities rather than something for people to buy and use at home .
Eventually , advanced humanoid robots will escape from the laboratory .
Indeed , Toyota and Honda expect domestic robots to become a huge market in the future , with machines working as a family helper .
Until humanoid robots are mass produced , robotic blobs , arms and devices that resemble spiders will pave the way .
A lot more of these are coming to work in offices and homes , and some will do more than one thing .
That , at least , was the message broadcast loud and clear last week at Automatica , a two - yearly robotics trade fair held in Munich .
Among a bewildering array of robots that can now do most jobs in a factory there were also machines that could fly , fetch , carry , talk and even perform surgery ( see article ) — a far cry from the factory drones of 50 years ago .
Four trends were on show : robots are rapidly becoming more responsive , cheaper , simpler to program and safer .
Take each in turn .
See me , feel me
Aptly for Munich , home of the Oktoberfest , the fair introduced Roboshaker , an automated bartender , created by PAAL , a German company that specialises in packaging systems .
Roboshaker , based on a small robot made by Japan 's FANUC , can mix a fair cocktail and clear up afterwards .
Whenever it picks up a can of drink to add to the ingredients , it examines the lid with a camera so that it can work out where to find the ring - pull .
PAAL knows very well that Roboshaker is not about to replace the mädchen serving armfuls of frothing beer .
Its job is to demonstrate just how much more capable robots become when they have machine vision .
Vision gives robots the power not only to do more in factories , but also to spread into other industries , such as the food and drinks business , which struggles to find people to do lots of boring , repetitive and unpleasant jobs .
Robots with machine vision check to see that bottles and jars are filled to the right level , that the tops and caps fit , that the right labels are stuck on ( and neatly , mind ) .
They can recognise and sort pretty much anything extremely accurately and rapidly .
Robots put chocolates into a box , sort apples , make salads and wield knives in chilly abattoirs , butchering carcasses without having to take a rest or visit the toilet .
Robots even work in bakeries , slicing cakes — because they are more accurate than people and if you make thousands of cakes a day , all those wasted crumbs add up .
Robots are also gaining a sense of touch .
Sensors can analyse the surface of materials and , using the amount of resistance they show , work out the force to apply to an object .
Giving robots touch allows them to be gentle and to handle things that come in many shapes and materials .
Different grippers may be needed for different jobs , and instead of using several robots , some machines now automatically swap hands ; for instance choosing flat paddles to lift a box onto a production line and then hands with fingers to pick up small things to put into the box .
Robots need this flexibility now that production managers are having to cope with increasingly varied product lines in their factories .
Even the car industry , which pioneered factory robots and which still accounts for some 60 % of their use , now makes different models on the same assembly line .
The carmakers want to tailor each vehicle to a customer 's order , so they are buying robots that can recognise different models and adapt accordingly .
Then there are more ingenious ways of helping robots navigate their surroundings .
Even though the arms of industrial robots can twist and turn like a contortionist , they have limitations .
When spot - welding , for instance , a robot has to touch the metal with an electrode .
This can be awkward inside complicated structures such as the shell of a car .
Lasers , however , can be aimed to weld a join from a distance .
Comau , an Italian robot specialist , now produces a 3D remote - laser welding system that helps make the new Fiat 500 .
It transmits a laser beam through an optical cable to a robot , which angles lenses and mirrors in the end of its arm to aim the laser towards the parts that need welding .
Using a laser , the robot can make highly accurate welds and position itself for each one a lot faster than it could if it were spot - welding in the normal way .
Big , sophisticated robot systems used on car - production lines can cost millions of dollars .
One reason for the high costs of automation in the past is that the price of a robot could sometimes count for only a quarter of the total cost of installing and maintaining it , according to Martin Hägele , who heads SMErobot , a European Union - backed initiative to develop robots for small and medium - sized companies .
But now costs are coming down .
Robots are continuing to get cheaper — a medium - sized robot able to stack goods onto pallets now goes for about $ 50,000 .
And the cost of installing and maintaining them is falling as they become better adapted .
“ Some companies think robots are too big , too costly and can only be justified with high - volume manufacturing , ” Mr Hägele says .
“ But robots can now be made that are flexible and much quicker and easier to program . ”
The falling cost of computing power makes it practical to give robots features like vision , touch and awareness , says Charlotte Brogren of Sweden 's ABB Robotics .
The producers that are part of the SMErobot initiative are starting to make light robots small enough to sit on a workbench .
When the job is done , they can be picked up and moved somewhere else .
That may appeal to carpenters and small engineering firms .
Different sorts of low - cost robots are also emerging that do not look at all like the bulky beams of factory robots .
This type of robot contains rigid frames and tubes that use linear motors to slide and swing tools into position for welding , cutting , gluing and assembly .
The robot can easily be taken to bits and moved to the next job in another part of a factory .
Such robots are useful in foundries that cut and grind components .
These processes often have to be done by hand , because production volumes in small firms are too low for automation .
They are expensive , because the law protects workers from the long - term injury caused by vibrations , restricting the hours they can work .
The new frame - type robots are flexible and cheap enough for smaller foundries to buy , reckons Peter Haigh , in charge of R&D for Castings Technology International , a British consultancy .
“ When you have installed robots , you also tend to design things to use them more effectively , which increases their return on investment . ”
A lot of effort is going into making robots easier to program .
“ If we want to sell more robots , we need to make robots easier to use , ” says Jürgen Schulze - Ferebee , of KUKA .
His company was one of the first to introduce PC - based programming , instead of the specialised code that only the engineering departments of big firms could understand .
Some robots are also set up from hand - held devices called “ pendants ” , which can often program more than one robot at the same time .
Robots are getting better at co-operating with each other : in some car plants a big robot now lifts a small one inside the vehicle to assemble components .
Robots are also learning how to understand direct instructions .
Some can be “ led by the nose ” — when an operator moves the arm of a robot around to show it what to do .
The software is intuitive , so the robot can describe a perfect circle , say , if the operator shows it just a few points .
Some robots also respond to speech .
Obey the law
If robots are to be widely used in offices and homes , they must be safe .
They need to learn Isaac Asimov 's first law of robotics : a robot may not injure a human being or , through inaction , allow a human being to come to harm .
Many robots today are treated like wild animals , caged behind security fences .
The working area is often called a robot “ cell ” , and nobody can enter it until the machine is switched off .
This is for a good reason : a heavy , blind robot arm swinging heedlessly from one position to another could kill anyone in its path .
AFP
Highly strung
Making robots safer means giving them more sense of their environment .
If the doors to their cells open and someone wanders in they must slow down or stop .
Vision and touch are improving fast enough for the cage soon to be removed .
At that point , robots could help a carpenter , or an assembly worker on a production line .
Toyota already uses a partly automated robot to lift a 50kg dashboard into a car , which enables a single human worker to position and install it .
“ One of our goals is to move robots from the factory to the home without any safety fence , ” says Toru Miyagawa of Toyota .
The next task will be to write programs that meet Asimov 's second law — that a robot must obey orders given to it by human beings , except where such orders would conflict with the first law .
The third law asks a robot to protect its own existence so long as that does not conflict with the first or second law .
When robots are safe and aware of their surroundings , they will start to encroach on complicated , unstructured places such as offices and houses .
Eventually , sophisticated multi-task service robots should be able to comply with all three of Asimov 's laws and fulfil many of science fiction 's promises .
These service robots may be humanoid — after all , they will be working in an environment designed for humans .
But then again , many may continue to assume entirely different forms .
As with industrial robots , the first service robots to enter production will be shaped by their job .
For instance , it makes sense for a robot that carries someone to look like a wheelchair .
A robot chair could be told where to go .
It would know how to steer itself without banging into anyone .
Later this year Toyota aims to put two - wheeled robotic chairs , able to stabilise themselves , into a Japanese shopping centre and some of its company hospitals .
They look a bit like large Segways .
A few other service robots are already making their way into the wider world , and they do not look human either .
Care - O - Bot is a single - armed robot that rolls along on spherical wheels .
It is a butler , fetching and carrying , working appliances and making telephone calls .
It is built by Germany 's Fraunhofer Institute with parts from SCHUNK , a robotics specialist , and is the type of service robot that is closest to production .
Care - O - Bot can sidle up to Roboshaker , fetch a drink and serve it on a silver salver .
But , if you value your ears , do n't ask it to play the violin .
Health
Face masks have become part of our everyday existence but there are still some dos and don'ts around wearing them effectively .
We break it down for you here .
# 608100 +( 13115 ) - [ X ] < cassius_clay13 > so I was with my friend bryan the other night in a bar
< cassius_clay13 > well he got really drunk and said he was gonna puke
< cassius_clay13 > so i helped him walk to the toilet
< cassius_clay13 > all the stalls were occupied
< emoti_conartist > lol
< cassius_clay13 > bryan is a rugby player ... so a big guy
< cassius_clay13 > so he fucking KICKS one of the stall doors open
< cassius_clay13 > and there 's this guy in there taking a shit
< emoti_conartist > hahahahahaha
< cassius_clay13 > and bryan throws up ALL OVER HIM
< cassius_clay13 > then ( this is genius ) bryan thinks 'oh shit ... if i were taking a shit and someone came in and was sick all over me , i'd want to fuck him up ... so i'd better hit him first '
< cassius_clay13 > so he fucking SMACKS this guy in the face
< cassius_clay13 > and runs away
< cassius_clay13 > imagine being that guy ...
WORST NIGHT OUT EVER
Posing in her Underwear , Oregon Mayor Stirs Debate Town abuzz after mayor of Arlington , Ore. , posts provocative images on Web .
Jan. 11 , 2008  --
The citizens of a small sleepy burb in the Pacific Northwest have their knickers in a twist over an Internet posting of their mayor posing on a fire truck — in her underwear .
Arlington , Ore. , is home to 500 residents and this week the usually empty town hall was bursting at the seams for the first meeting of the year .
Many in attendance showed up to complain about pictures of Mayor Carmen Kontur - Gronquist in her black bra and panties , posted on MySpace .
" It was probably the straw that broke the camel 's back , " said Ronnie Miller who is working to have the mayor recalled , if she wo n't resign .
At the meeting Miller read a statement on behalf of " concerned citizens " that criticized the city leader 's handling of several issues , like local water rates .
It also took dead aim at her MySpace page .
" The recent actions of our elected mayor are an embarrassment to some of the citizens and portray an image we feel is inappropriate for an elected official .
Placing provocative photos on the Internet , using an elected title , are unacceptable , " read the statement .
After listening to critics , the 42 - year - old Kontur - Gronquist told them she " had no comment at this time . "
The mayor did not return messages left by ABC News .
But in an interview with The East Oregonian newspaper she said she did not think there was anything wrong with her Internet photos .
" That 's my personal life .
It has nothing to do with my mayor 's position , " said Kontur - Gronquist .
" I 'm not going to change who I am .
There 's a lot of officials that have a personal life , and you have people in this community who have nothing better to do than scrape up stuff like this . "
The mayor 's MySpace page is now blocked to all but her friends .
Still , some residents of the Cumberland River Gorge town say they 've seen enough .
" It 's a picture of her in bra and panties on a rural protection fire truck in a rural protection fire hall , " Lorena Woods said to Portland 's KATU - TV .
" This is n't the way we want our city to be portrayed . "
" The controversy around the photo has divided the town , " said Phil Wright who has been covering the story for The East Oregonian .
" There are some who think she really did n't do anything wrong .
They think it was not associated with her public life . "
Wright says the mayor 's brothers and cousins spoke on her behalf at the town meeting .
Her father was reportedly in attendance as well .
Other supporters of the mayor who is also the fire department 's executive secretary are defending her right to bare almost all .
" I wonder what people would say if the mayor was a man ? " wrote one reader to The East Oregonian 's Web site .
" How many public employees have posed for calendars on public property ? "
" This sounds like sour grapes over other issues .
If you got it , flaunt it ! " declared another reader .
Some suggested it is in fact another issue that is fueling the push for the mayor 's resignation .
The issue is not so much about lingerie , as it is about balls .
Golf balls .
A golf course to be more precise .
Voters approved funding of a municipal golf course in the last election .
But the mayor who reportedly appointed herself " Golf Commissioner " is accused of significantly limiting access to the public course by reducing its hours of operation .
Some residents are also complaining the course is staffed by volunteers , instead of paid employees .
" The golf course is a sore point with golfers , " said City Attorney Wayne Annala who attended the contentious council meeting .
Annala would not comment on the underwear photos flap , except to say he was surprised by the national interest in the politics of a tiny Oregon town .
Annala described coming to work recently to discover he had received a call from the " Dr. Phil " show , a call he says will not return .
" My God , the next thing I know they will want to be flying me back to be on the next ' Oprah ' show ! " he said with a laugh .
CINCINNATI ( Reuters ) - Democratic
White House hopeful Barack Obama on Monday urged blacks to take more responsibility for improving their own lives , standing firm on a tough message that has been criticized by some African Americans .
Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama ( D - IL ) addresses supporters during a campaign stop at the NAACP National Convention in Cincinnati , Ohio , July 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / John Sommers II
Obama , who would be the first black U.S. president , was accused by civil rights leader Jesse Jackson last week of “ talking down to blacks . ”
“ Now , I know there ’s some who ’ve been saying I ’ve been too tough , talking about responsibility , ” Obama told the NAACP , the nation ’s oldest civil rights organization .
“ I ’m here to report , I ’m not going to stop talking about it . ”
Jackson and others have criticized Obama for discussing the problem of absent fathers in many black families and urging black men to become more involved in their children ’s lives .
In urging more engagement by black fathers , Obama often talks about his own experience being raised by a white Kansas - born single mother and his grandparents after his black Kenyan father left the family when he was two years old .
He often tells black audiences they must spend more time doing homework with their children and avoid letting them watch too much television .
Obama , who is running in the November 4 election against Republican John McCain , stressed these themes in speech in a church on Father ’s Day last month .
The presumptive Democratic nominee received a standing ovation for his NAACP speech which discussed the personal responsibility topic .
But in the speech , Obama also highlighted what he said was the failure of Washington and Wall Street address economic ills affecting blacks such as lack of affordable health care , inadequate public schools and income inequality .
“ We ’ve got to demand more responsibility from Washington .
We ’ve got to push aside those special interests and let the voices of the American people ring out , ” Obama said .
“ We ’ve got to demand more responsibility from Wall Street . ”
“ But you know what , we also have to demand more responsibility from ourselves , ” he added .
Jackson told CNN last week that Obama has given what amounts to “ lectures ” at African - American churches .
“ I said it can come off as speaking down to black people .
The moral message must be a much broader message .
What we need really is racial justice and urban policy and jobs and health care .
There is a range of issues on the menu , ” Jackson said .
Obama told reporters on Saturday that he had spoken with Jackson before about his concerns .
“ I told him that I absolutely believe that we have structural inequalities in this country that have to be dealt with , ” Obama said .
“ We have no disagreement there -- my argument is simple that it ’s not an either / or proposition it ’s a both proposition . ”
Some analysts have said Jackson , who is 66 , may feel that Obama , 46 , does not fully appreciate the struggles of the older generation of civil rights leaders .
But Obama paid homage in his speech to many leaders of the civil rights movement , including the slain Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Julian Bond , 68 , the current chairman of the NAACP .
Intel 's Centrino 2 ( aka Montevina ) arrives tonight Mon Jul 14 , 2008 5:29 PM EDTWhatever you do do n't buy a new computer this afternoon :
Intel 's long - anticipated new chipset / wireless / CPU combo , formally named Centrino 2 and previously known by the code name " Montevina , " officially arrives this evening after nearly a month of delays .
Virtually every computer maker will have upgraded models for sale come tomorrow ... and big discounts on older machines that are still lingering in the channel .
Centrino 2 , as I 've previously written about at the above link , includes a whole host of new and upgraded features .
Here are the key features you 'll find in machines that use the new chipset :>
An updated Penryn - class Intel Core 2 Duo CPU will be standard , with clock speeds of up to 3.06GHz available .
The new Penryn is n't just faster , it also consumes less power : 29 watts vs. the first - generation 's 34 watts , and that means a significantly cooler - operating ( and longer - running ) laptop . >
For machines without dedicated graphics cards , a new integrated graphics chipset called the GMA X4500 will be included , and which should offer a modest improvement on graphical and gaming tasks on machines without a real graphics card . >
Integrated wireless is upgraded to 802.11n Wi -Fi , with a WiMax add - on module available as an option . >
Support for the new DisplayPort monitor / TV connector will now be available .>
A collection of upgrades to other components including Gigabit Ethernet LAN and RAM ( with support for DIMMs up to DDR3 - 1333 ) are included .
Intel 's TurboMemory caching system also gets an upgrade .
Unfortunately , not all of the features in the Centrino 2 package are ready immediately ;
Intel has stated that it will be August before all processors and chips in the collection are universally available .
Higher - end notebooks , especially those with discrete graphics , are more likely to include all ( or most of ) the Montevina features .
Want Montevina ?
Check your laptop for the Centrino 2 sticker or pay close attention to the specs when you 're doing your research .
There 's really no reason not to jump for it if you 're buying a new machine .
Even if you are a vegetarian and do n’t like pigs , if you are weird enough , you still might go for this new line of formal wear by Uncle Oinker , the crowning glory of which is the Bacon - Scented , Bacon - Patterned Tuxedo !
This way , you not only look ridiculous but you can also smell that way too !
Avoid visits to zoos and pig farms while wearing the Bacon - Scented , Bacon - Patterned Tuxedo , as wildlife , swine and other assorted vermin may not be impressed with your façade .
( You simply must not attend the wedding on Old Macdonald ’s farm . )
Instead , why not send the wedding gift wrapped in bacon gift wrap , which is so much more appropriate , if such a word can be used in conjunction with the Bacon - Scented , Bacon - Patterned Tuxedo .
( This way the pigs wo n’t be offended .
Most people do n’t realize how sensitive they are to people wearing and smelling like bacon ! )
To add pork fat to injury , the Bacon - Patterned , Bacon - Scented Tuxedo can only be dry-cleaned .
One can only wonder if the scent goes through changes after dry cleaning chemicals are applied to the cloth , creating perhaps a weird amalgam of scents that might attract even new and different wildlife !
But just think of the advantages of owning one of these Bacon - Scented , Bacon - Patterned tuxedos !
Now you can get married in bacon , get confirmed or graduate in bacon and even attend the Oscars in bacon if that is your heart ’s desire .
( If you happen to be popular actor , Kevin Bacon , it might work , but if you are anyone else … well , you know . )
Each Bacon -Scented , Bacon - Patterned Tuxedo is tailored from chemically treated latex print fabric and is available in one of four sizes ( dumb , dumber , dumber still and off the charts dumb ) .
I do n’t know about you , but as far as the Bacon - Scented , Bacon - Patterned Tuxedo is concerned , I think I ’ll wait for my eggs !
Please note :
It has come to my attention that this product is a hoax .
Explanation will follow in a subsequent post .
I apologize to all with the assurance that it was an honest mistake .
Pakistani scientist AQ
Khan admitted leaking nuclear secrets in 2004
An international smuggling ring managed to acquire blueprints for an advanced nuclear weapon , a former UN arms inspector is to say in a new report .
David Albright , who investigated the ring led by Pakistani scientist AQ Khan , found the drawings in 2006 .
His report , due to be published later this week but seen in advance by the Washington Post , suggests the plans may have been sold to rogue regimes .
The blueprints included key details for building a compact nuclear device .
Such a device , unlike less advanced ones , could be fitted to the kind of ballistic missile used by Iran and more than a dozen developing countries .
In 2004 , Dr Khan admitted having passed on nuclear secrets to Libya , Iran and North Korea before his network was dismantled .
However , in a BBC interview last month , Dr Khan said that the allegations were false and claimed he had been pressured into confessing " in the national interest " .
' Treacherous regimes '
In his report , Mr Albright states that he found the drawings on computers owned by Swiss businessmen , the Washington Post newspaper says .
The computer contents have since been destroyed by the Swiss authorities under the supervision of the UN nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency .
But UN officials cannot rule out the possibility that the blueprints were shared with others before they were found , Mr Albright says .
" These advanced nuclear weapons designs may have long ago been sold off to some of the most treacherous regimes in the world , " the Post quotes him saying in his report .
The computers on which the drawings were found belonged to Swiss businessmen Friedrich Tinner and his sons Marco and Urs .
They are awaiting trial in Switzerland on charges connected to their alleged involvement in the smuggling ring .
Speaking in May , after the destruction of the computer files was disclosed , Swiss President Pascal Couchepin said the action had been taken to prevent the information falling " into the hands of a terrorist organisation " or a rogue state .
He told reporters : " There were detailed construction plans for nuclear weapons , for gas ultracentrifuges to enrich weapons - grade uranium , as well as for guided missile delivery systems . "
The files were among information seized in the course of a government investigation into the Tinners that began in 2004 .
Mr Albright 's report is the first to allege that the documents included plans for a more advanced nuclear weapon .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 July 15
Gas and Dust of the Lagoon Nebula
Credit & Copyright : Fred Vanderhaven
Explanation :
This beautiful cosmic cloud is a popular stop on telescopic tours of the constellation Sagittarius .
Eighteenth century cosmic tourist Charles Messier cataloged the bright nebula as M8 , while modern day astronomers recognize the Lagoon Nebula as an active stellar nursery about 5,000 light - years distant , in the direction of the center of our Milky Way Galaxy .
Striking details can be traced through this remarkable picture , processed to remove stars and hence better reveal the Lagoon 's range of filaments of glowing hydrogen gas , dark dust clouds , and the bright , turbulent hourglass region near the image center .
This color composite view was recorded under dark skies near Sydney , Australia .
At the Lagoon 's estimated distance , the picture spans about 50 light - years .
That mom makes me really upset .
Also , you can tell that Whoopi and Joy are just sitting there steaming .
As for the deviated septum stuff : I was scheduled for deviated septum surgery last autumn and found out I was pregnant a week before the surgery ( hence having it cancelled for the time being ) .
It really was to fix my septum !
I can't breathe out of my right nostril at all and have terrible problems with it ( especially at night ) .
So I just want to clarify that some people DO need to get their deviated septum fixed !
It makes me upset when people act like it is always an " excuse " for plastic surgery .
( That shiz was getting done on the NHS here in Scotland too , I was n't going to a cosmetic surgeon or anything . )
Having said all that , I do think there are people who get nose jobs and say " I was getting my deviated septum fixed ! "
And yes , if this girl 's mother has anything to say about it I bet she is a prime candidate for that kind of thing ...
Comcast , the nation 's largest cable company , violated federal guidelines when it blocked and degraded Web traffic , the head of the Federal Communications Commission will announce Friday .
The sanctions would be the first time the commission has come down on an internet provider for denying consumers the right to open , unfettered internet access .
It may set a precedent on how the federal government oversees management of internet traffic flows in the future .
Last fall , Comcast reluctantly acknowledged that it had temporarily blocked certain peer - to - peer traffic ( file sharing ) .
The cable giant called its actions " reasonable network management . "
But consumer rights groups and internet experts accused the company of violating the F.C.C. 's 2005 " Internet Policy Statement , " which established four principles intended to guarantee consumers unfettered access to all legal Web content , applications , and services .
The chairman of the F.C.C. , Kevin Martin , now agrees .
" The commission has adopted a set of principles that protects consumers ' access to the internet , " he told the Associated Press on Thursday night .
" We found that Comcast 's actions in this instance violated our principles . "
The consumer advocacy group Free Press trumpeted Martin 's decision as a victory for consumers .
" This is going to be a bellwether , " said Ben Scott , federal policy chief for Free Press .
The decision , contained in an order to be circulated by Martin , brings the agency 's nine - month investigation of Comcast close to completion .
Martin , a Republican , is expected to gain support from the two Democratic F.C.C. commissioners for his position , which would ensure the order 's passage when the commission meets on August 1 .
Comcast has long maintained that the government 's standard gives it the right to manage its digital traffic " reasonably " for the sake of " network management . "
For almost a year , consumer rights groups have battled Comcast , after an Associated Press investigation discovered that Comcast was blocking legal peer - to - peer traffic .
Comcast faced further public outrage after it admitted to paying people off the street to sit at a public hearing at Harvard , while members of the public were prevented from attending .
At the time , Comcast claimed it merely paid people to save spots at the hearing for Comcast employees , but the event 's organizer disputed that claim .
The association of caves with religious devotion , ancient in India , caught on here .
The earliest examples , small and plain , were used for shelter and meditation , occasionally for burials .
From the window of my room in the academy ’s guest house I could see dozens of these hollows set high up on the cliff , their low entrances black with shadows .
They are hard to reach and , apart from archaeologists , few people visit them now .
Probably few ever did .
They were made for solitude .
Yet by the early fifth century , a cave boom was underway in the Dunhuang area , with activity concentrated at Mogaoku .
Larger and larger grottoes were excavated as temples and monastic lecture halls : essentially , public spaces .
Many had chapel - like niches and free - standing walk - around altars , all cut from stone .
As with the Ajanta Buddhist caves in India , interiors were carved with architectural features  beams , eaves , pitched roofs , coffered ceiling  as if to simulate buildings .
Painting covered everything .
Murals illustrating jatakas , tales from the Buddha ’s past lives , were popular ; they ’re like panoramic comic - book storyboards spread across a wall .
For imperially commissioned interiors , images of princeling saints and court fetes were the rule .
Rock ceilings were covered with fields of decorative patterning to evoke an illusion of fabric pavilions .
Any leftover space was filled with figures of tiny deities 
Mogaoku was known as the Thousand Buddha Caves  painted directly on the plastered walls or stuck on as sculptural plaques .
Sculpture was where Dunhuang departed from the Indian model .
In Indian caves figures were chiseled from the living rock .
Everything was literally of a piece .
Maybe because the sandstone at Mogaoku was too crumbly for fine work , the artists here used another method .
They made figures from mud mixed with grass and molded over bundled branches and reeds .
Exceptionally large figures , in need of a solid core to keep them from collapsing , were made in a different way .
The body of the 75 - foot - tall Buddha in the cave known as the Nine - Story Temple is carved from the rock face and plastered over .
His feet are planted at the cliff base ; he looks out through a window , cut near the top .
Of the 800 or so caves created here from the 5th to 14th centuries , nearly half had some form of decoration .
What survives adds up to a developmental timeline of Buddhist art in China , an encyclopedic archive of styles and ideas , of dashes forward and retreats to the past .
John Barrowman thinks that I fancy him .
I 'm not sure why - I said something complimentary about the male characters in Doctor Who , the series in which he makes occasional scene - stealing appearances as Captain Jack Harkness , and he appropriated it for himself , because he 's gorgeous and used to people fancying him .
Now we 're talking about the fluid nature of sexuality and attraction .
" You could find Captain Jack attractive .
Hey , you could find John attractive , " he says , twinkling away at me like a rope of promenade lights on a gusty night , " and I could find you attractive .
But that does n't mean that anything 's going to happen . "
I am suddenly hotly aware of the close confines of the dressing room buried beneath the BBC's Television Centre in which we are cocooned .
" Right ? " he says .
Too right - not least because of the new BBC1 show he 's here to talk about .
The Making of Me asked three celebrities to use scientific testing , psychology , brain science and genetics to investigate the origins of their defining characteristics , each in their own show .
Vanessa
Mae asks why she is musical , Colin Jackson wonders why he is fast , and Barrowman finds out why he is gay : a fact which I think is going to stand in the way of our blossoming mutual attraction .
The results of the programme - is it nature , is it nurture ?
- are a closely guarded secret , though Barrowman has always been convinced that sexuality is not a choice .
" I 've always known who I am , " he says .
" That 's what I believe .
I feel I was born this way .
I 've never questioned that . "
Until now , of course , and the issues that the programme addresses do raise one potentially uncomfortable point : if the conclusion is that homosexuality is a choice , learned behaviour or the result of a particular experience at a certain time , does that mean that gay people can choose again , or unlearn their preferences ?
Could he ?
" It 's not going to change who I am , " he replies , instantly .
" I always said , if the outcome is you 're born this way , I 'm going to be ecstatic .
If the outcome is that it 's something that happens to you , a trauma or it's your choice , I will have to reflect and think about that , but it 's not going to change who I am because I like who I am . "
If it is a choice , it 's a choice he'd make again .
And why would n't he ?
As he tells it , Barrowman 's experience of life as a gay man has been overwhelmingly positive .
At 41 , he has a supportive and devoted family , a 15 - year relationship with his partner , Scott Gill , and a successful career ( before starring in Doctor Who and its spin - off series , Torchwood , and graduating from there to appearances as a judge on the find - me - a - star reality shows Any Dream Will Do , How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria ? and I 'd Do Anything , he enjoyed a long and happy period as a leading man in the West End , mainly in musical theatre ) .
He mentions interviewing a Seventh Day Adventist " ex - gay " man while filming The Making Of Me , who believed that homosexuality was incompatible with a fulfilling life .
" His idea was that you had to have the white picket fence and the farm and he was talking about it like it was something that I could never have , " says Barrowman .
" And I actually said to him , ' Yeah , but Ron , I have a partner , I have a dog , I have really nice cars , I have a beautiful home , I have a home by the sea and the beach .
You can have that and be gay . '
But he just could n't see that . "
Barrowman can see it .
He and Gill are thinking about having children .
" We 're building a house in Cardiff on the beach .
We 're going to have six bedrooms in it and we feel like we 've got a lot to offer . "
He says that from talking to different families for the show - both accepting of homosexuality and not - he learned that " a family unit is what you make a family unit " .
Almost the first thing Barrowman does when he starts talking about the programme is insist that he 's not a campaigner .
" I never thought I would be like this , " he says .
" I never thought I 'd be someone who would stand up for ' the cause ' .
I do n't want to be a militant gay , because that 's not me . "
But it 's clear that he is naturally possessed of strong opinions .
Since he and Gill became civil partners in 2006 , Barrowman has always been adamant that it's not a " marriage " .
" I do n't call it ' marriage ' for my own reasons - and I would suggest to gay men and women that they do n't call it a marriage , because it connotes religious organisations that do n't like them , and why do we want to take that on board ? "
But the recent escalation of his fame has put him in a position where he senses an obligation to do more .
" I have to put it this way , " he says .
" There are some days that I sign , like , 400 pictures , autographs and stuff .
And among those I generally get a bunch of , say , four , five emails and some written letters from young men and women who are struggling to come out of the closet and they do n't know who to turn to because they 're afraid of their family 's reaction and they 're afraid of their community 's reaction .
So when they approached me to do this [ The Making of Me ] , I thought , ' Yeah , you know , I really kinda have to do it . '
I do think I 've got a responsibility to help change perceived attitudes or try to change them . "
It 's all a bit at odds with Barrowman 's popular image , which starts with his showman 's grin , an expert line in saucy banter and a reported fondness for showing everyone ( especially co-stars who are trying to film a scene ) his penis .
His autobiography - Anything Goes , of course - tells stories of a carefree life in the limelight , hanging out with Claudia Schiffer on Valentino 's yacht and having affairs with Spanish flamenco dancers called Paco .
It 's not that Showbiz John is a character that Barrowman plays for the public .
Though he 's clearly a born performer , there 's no hint of concealed anguish beneath .
It seems that he really is this upbeat , this positive , this happy , all the time .
In TV appearances , he throws himself into the job with force : always eager to get the joke , make the joke , be the joke .
It looks like uncontainable exuberance ; sometimes it looks like he is having so much fun he may burst .
There is , actually , something slightly comic about Barrowman .
He 's so absurdly good looking , for one thing , and in such an obvious way : the teeth , the hair , the wide cheekbones and the blue , blue eyes .
His American accent is almost too reassuringly warm ( though he is able to segue into a broad Scottish brogue in seconds , a legacy of the first nine years of his childhood spent in Glasgow before moving with his family to Illinois , which is incredibly disconcerting ; like being dragged across the Atlantic by your ears .
He says both accents are his " natural " one ) and his speech is peppered with phrases that , looking back , seem like fortune - cookie clichés : " I do n't ask that you like me .
I just ask that you respect me , " is a favourite .
But at the time , and on him , it all works , because it 's so patently sincere .
He is just instinctively polite - waiting for me to turn over the tape in my Dictaphone before continuing a point , which hardly anyone ever does - and conscientious , diligently checking his notes from the programme to make sure he 's getting it right .
He is thoughtful and articulate , talking in long , seamless sentences , with passion and certainty .
He might employ a hackneyed phrase every now and again , but it 's because he believes them .
And he has a natural solidity .
You can see why he works on stage : he 's tall and broad and booming ; he 's sure of what he 's saying , and of himself .
In that , he 's similar to his Doctor Who / Torchwood character , Captain Jack , who first appeared as a wayward interplanetary scoundrel who found friendship and redemption in the company of the timelord .
On the one hand , he 's cookie - cutter , old - school hero , all jutting jaw and big guns .
On the other , he 's a cheeky pan-sexual adventurer ( " so many species , so little time " ) who landed a kiss on Christopher Eccleston 's Doctor in the concluding storyline of the first series .
But - and this seems to be very Barrowman , too - Jack feels no tension or conflict about who he is .
He lives in the confident expectation that the universe will order itself around him .
Which it does .
Captain Jack is one the best - loved of the returning characters - Torchwood was created pretty much to keep him on our screens - and his unapologetic eye for the gents as much as the ladies seems only to add to his appeal .
" I was doing a signing at a convention , " Barrowman says , " and this father brought his son over and he said , ' Do you want Captain Jack 's autograph ? ' and the kid said , ' Yeah , Dad , I do n't care if he likes boys , he 's still my hero . '
And I thought , ' That 's why I 'm doing this . '
" I 'd love to be a hero and that 's why I love playing him , because he is a hero .
But then , funnily enough , people have written to me and said I am their ' hero ' " - he says the word with self - deprecating verbal air quotes - " because of standing up for what I believe in " .
· John Barrowman - The Making of Me is on BBC1 , July 24
OK , this is really weird .
A couple of nights ago , I had one of those strange , clearing - out - the - short - term - memory dreams that included prefab root beer floats , which of course is the kind of impossible creation that can only exist in dreams .
Just think of the temperature considerations .
Now it turns out A&W has started selling exactly that .
A&W promises it 's a full root beer float experience without the " hassle , " by which I take it they mean the overflow / spillage problem and the restrictions imposed by using real ice cream .
I can find no documentation on how they actually perform this magic or what that small - print " ice cream flavor " consists of , but I sense we have a new contender for most alarming " What 's Inside " of the year .
Float Into Summer With A&W Floats [ Yumsugar ]
Quote :
MOD EDIT : thoroughly researched , of potentially high interest , 1.500 + views / 150 + posts and independent verification required : stickied for now .
Please note that independent reports are far more important than academic discussion at this point .
*** BLACK CURRANT JUICE is a MAO inhibitor ***
*** The Gummiberry ?
juice experiment *** -
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dis ney's_Adventures_of_the_Gummi_Bea rs - 1985
" The Gummi Bears gained their ability to bounce by drinking Gummyberry Juice .
If the juice was consumed by humans , they would ( temporarily ) gain superhuman strength ( however it would only work once a day ) and for this reason , the bears kept the recipe secret . "
Ayahuasca 1 ) an Amazonian giant vine native to the rainforest , generally Banisteriopsis caapi , and , by extension , 2 ) pharmacologically complex infusions prepared from it for shamanic , folk - medicinal , and quasi-religious purposes .
Sections of vine are boiled alone or with leaves from any of a large number of other plants , including Psychotria viridis ( chakruna in Quechua ) or Diplopterys cabrerana , yielding a brew containing the powerful entheogenic alkaloid N, N - dimethyltryptamine ( DMT ) , combined with a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( or MAOI ) .
*** Gummihuasca ? : psilocybin potentiation with a MAO - A Inhibitor + psilocin accelerator = 10X Potency ***
Try this ONLY if it * IS * LEGAL for you to try this .
I do n't take any responsabilities for this .
This MIGHT have unexpected effects .
PLEASE be VERY careful about this .
If you have got ANY mental / health issues , please do NOT get involved in such a test .
If you are on medication please DO NOT try this !
This is a serious warning .
Under NO circumstances mix MAOIs ( Black Currant juice ) with any other drugs , specially MDMA [ Extacy , pills ] , MDE , MDA , Cocaine , Crack .
Please , be responsible , this HASN'T been properly tested yet to conclude it is totally safe .
If you test it , be conscious and totally aware that you ARE taking a risk .
DANGEROUS COMBINATIONS !!
READ THIS !!
VERY IMPORTANT .
IGNORING THIS WHOLE FIRST POST COULD LEAD TO SERIOUS MEDICAL PROBLEMS ( like death ... )
Please , make sure you read this whole post before attempting anything or deciding to take part on this test .
At least two experienced trippers have reported this as his strongest trip ever .
Those considering self - induced exploration should be aware of its complications and make an informed decision .
The restrictions here delineated are not meant to be all - encompassing but , rather , are meant to provide general guidelines .
Further questions should be directed to your physician .
Keep in mind that I'm * NO EXPERT * whatsoever .
Only a curious guy interested in exploring the amazing realms of Consciousness .
Like you .
Credit for initial discovery of lemon / lime juice as an enhancer of the strength that lead me to research further possibilities goes to Underhillmaster .
He is experienced for more than 20 years and 100 trips and did trials on 20 acquaintances for 6 months and the responses were uniform .
** FIRST REPORT by incubaby_421 - Confirms 10X expectations **
Further reports will be pasted at the end of this first post .
incubaby_421 has been the first person to test this .
He is an experienced tripper , 250-300 trips .
================================
=================================
============
yes , it did work that AMAZINGLY WELL ...
when i posted wow and the weird bird thing , i proceeded to melt into my computer monitor , wall paper flowers were growing , carpet was turnign into worms , im talking about fear and loathing shit , NEVER in my history of being bemushroomed have i hallucinated like that , NEVER
anyways
- How experienced are you with psychedelics ? : +250 trips
- Days since last trip on psychedelics :
- Black Currant Juice brand : CurrantC
- What reads the concentration on the label ? : 37 % concentrate
- Juice Quantity : 16 oz .
- Mushrooms species : Psilocybe Cubensis
- Mushrooms Quantity : 4 gr. dry
- Did you know the potency of the mushrooms beforehand ?
( Y/N ) : Yes , ate from the same crop thrice before .
- Hours since last meal : 7 h .
- Did you put your mushrooms in a coffee grinder for a while until you got a fine powder ?
( Y/N ) : N
- Did you soak the mushrooms in lemon / lime or BC juice as in STEP 5 ? ( Y/N ) : Y
- Description of effects compared vs. no juice : umm ... these are relativly potent shrooms , but , god damn , that was more like 6 hits of acid than an eighth of shrooms
- Description of effects compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice : i have never done shrooms with only lemon or lime , but i did this time , plus the juice , id say that 10 x would be a pretty accurate multiplication of the effects ... at one point in time i went across the dark house to get some rainbow sherbert , the darkness was just one big ass hyallucination ... amazing ...
- Are you positively sure that there IS definitely an improvement in potency ?
( Y/N ) : yes
- Estimated potency compared vs. no juice : 4X - 5X
- Estimated potency compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice : 1.5X - 2X
- Time to " first alert " ( aka , " whoa , something 's definitely going to happen " ) : 45 mins .
- Time to onset of visual disturbance : 60 mins .
- Time to peak ( rough estimate ) : 4 ! hours
- Time to first sign of diminishing effects : 4 1/4 hours
- Time to baseline ( indiscernable effects ) : 7 hours
- Further comments you might want to add to your experience : I just want to say this is by far the hardest i have ever tripped off of anyhting , newbies BE CAREFULL , i have been there , ive ate ounces that didnt do that much before , this could definitly take someone to a very bad place
================================
=================================
============
dingleberrysalad's report on Lemon / lime Juice :
I agree 100 % !
I tried this method out for the second time on friday and it kicked my ass again !
It was totaly amazing !
I will problably never eat a full eight of shrooms again in my life because there is no need for it !
If there is anyone out there who has n't tried this yet , WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU WAITING FOR !
I took one lemon and one lime and juiced them and mixed well with only 1.7 grams of dried shroom powder and let it sit for 5 minutes and then drank it .
I normaly take 3.5 grams of shrooms , but with only 1.7 grams and 1lemon and lime I had the most vivid visuals I have ever seen !!!
I was laying on my trampoline after smokein a bowl topped with kief and staring at the stars .
The whole sky was covered with a hallucination of red , yellow , and orange all swirling and twisting together and the stars were twinkling through .
I have never seen an open eye visual that amazing and vivid and real !
And from only 1.7 grams !
It blew my mind .
This really works people so be carefull .
You could end up tripping hard than you even imagined possible !
================================
=================================
================================= ===
GUMMIHUASCA ?
recipe with Gummiberry ?
Juice without vomiting nor nausea in 7 easy and gummimagic STEPS :
STEP 1 - Brain , 1 . Common sense , 1 . Read the whole post , > =2 .
Ideally the best is to get pure juice from fresh black currants , 275 ml .
Else , nectar concentrate , sometimes called squash , cordial or syrup can do .
Black Currant juice based on 4 - 6 % or 22 % concentrate does n't suit , as more than 4 liters ( 128 oz , 1 gal . ) or 1.25 liters for 22 % would have to be drank .
Nectar concentrate has the highest concentration of juice , usually 35 % .
Check the label .
Get 1 liter bottle of Ribena Really Light Blackcurrant Squash .
Label : " Product before dilution contains 35 % juice . "
Apparently this brand is only sold in 22 countries , including : Caribbean , UK , Eire , Denmark , Greece , Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Kuwait , Bahrain , United Arab Emirates , Oman , Yemen , Sri Lanka , Singapore , Malaysia , Australia , New Zealand , Kenya , Nigeria , Mauritius , China , Hong Kong , Japan .
ANY Black Currant Juice brand should work .
The difference is the concentration of pure juice .
If you cannot find the following ones in your country , check the labels and look for the most concentrated one .
Member incubaby_421 is the first person to have tested it , and he has found this brand , CurrantC concentrate , to be successful , available in the USA , sold at Tops :
Store locator :
http://www.currantc.com/index.ph p?submenu=WhereToBuy&src=director y&view=RetailLocater
incubaby_421 : " couldnt find suggested brands , so i bought the only one i found , after traveling to three different cities in search of , its called CurrantC , its a 16 oz .
bottle and is 37 % juice , pretty fucking tasty , i might add ... "
Also sold in your local :
- Tops
- P&C Food Stores
- Big M Market
- BiLo
Store locator for Tops :
http://www.topsmarkets.com/share ddev/Tops_Store_Locator/Locator.c
fm
Store locator for P&C Food Stores :
http://www.pandcfoods.com/StoreL ocator/Store_S.las ?
Store locator for BiLo :
http://www.bilofoods.com/StoreLo cator/Store_S.las
Other retailers :
http://www.maplelane.com/pages/B lackCurrants.html
http://www.pricechopper.com/Stor eLocator/Store_S.las
Online retailers :
http://www.naturesflavors.com/pr oduct_info.php?cPath=&products_id =4430
STEP 2 - Empty stomach , at least 8 hours before intake , 12 h. better , ideally 24h .
It * IS * very important to have an empty stomach , AT LEAST 8 hours before intake , as some food combinations might be dangerous with MAOIs and , in rare cases , even might be fatal .
Please read on the whole post .
STEP 3 -
Ideally , this should be tested with pure juice from freshly squeezed black currants .
You need to drink 275 gr. of pure juice , roughly 7 oz .
Else , you can use a strong concentrate , 35 % is the highest one found until now ( Ribena Squash brand ) .
50 gr. of 5.5X concentrate used in the Patent equals = 275 gr. of Pure juice .
Do your math for your chosen brand of juice .
To get 275 gr. of Pure juice , diluted 35 % ( Ribena brand ) we need :
350 gr. pure per 1000 gr .
275 gr. pure -> ( 1000*275)/350 = 785 gr. of concentrate .
Let 's roughly assume 1 gr. = 1 ml .
Drink the 785 ml. of Black Currant 37 % concentrated juice .
( = 3/4 of a liter = 25 oz . ) .
It is preferable to not have drank water within 1:30 hour prior to dosing as water affects the pH .
STEP 4 - Wait for 1 hour .
Do not eat or drink any water during this 1 hour waiting .
STEP 5 - If you want to test this with lemon / lime juice too :
- Put your mushrooms in a coffee grinder for a while until you get a fine powder , either dry or fresh mushrooms .
If you have n't got a coffee grinder handy , you can at least try to smash them as much as possible , inside a plastic bag for instance .
- Squeeze 1 lemon and 1 lime , or 2 lemons , or use some lemon / lime concentrate , but do not add water , to keep the acidity .
- Leave the mushrooms soaking in the lemon / lime juice for the last 10 - 15 minutes of that 1 hour waiting after you drank your Black Currant juice .
- If you have n't got lemon / lime handy , you can do the same but soaking in Black Currant juice concentrate ( the pH of normal 6 % juice might not be acidic enough , as it's mixed with water ) , as it is highly acidic as lemon .
Since heat speeds up chemical reactions , it 's easy to assume lack of heat would slow them down .
So do NOT refridgerate your juice or fresh fruit if you 're going to try this method .
Or at least take them out of the fridge a few hours in advance so they have time to reach room temperature .
STEP 6 - Eat the mushrooms ( or drink the lemon / lime or Black Currant juice mixed with the mushrooms ) .
After 1 - 1:30 hours a light snack and fluids can be taken to dilute the acidic stomach contents , for instance a glass of milk or a sandwich with a glass of water .
STEP 7 - Relax .
Breathe .
Turn off .
Tune in .
Drop out .
Enjoy .
Write report filling the standard template below .
================================
=========================
Please report like this , for instance :
- How experienced are you with psychedelics ? : I have been tripping on mushrooms for 5 years .
Around 20 - 30 trips .
15 LSD trips .
- Days since last trip on psychedelics : 8 weeks ago , 1 hit LSD .
6 weeks ago , 4 gr. dry Psilocybe Cubensis
- Black Currant Juice brand : Really Light Blackcurrant Squash
- What reads the concentration on the label ? : " Product before dilution contains 35 % juice . "
- Juice Quantity : 750 ml. = 25 oz .( if we assume 1 oz . = 30 ml. = 30 cc. )
- Mushrooms species : Psilocybe Cubensis
- Mushrooms Quantity : 3 gr. dry
- Did you know the potency of the mushrooms beforehand ?
( Y/N ) : Yes , ate from the same crop twice before .
- Hours since last meal : 12 h .
- Did you put your mushrooms in a coffee grinder for a while until you got a fine powder ?
( Y/N ) : Yes
- Did you soak the mushrooms in lemon / lime or BC juice as in STEP 5 ? ( Y/N ) : Yes , for 10 minutes , squeezed 1 lemon and 1 lime .
- Description of effects compared vs. no juice :
- Description of effects compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice :
- Are you positively sure that there IS definitely an improvement in potency ? ( Y/N ) :
- Estimated potency compared vs. no juice : 4X - 5X
- Estimated potency compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice : 1.5X - 2X
- Estimated total potency : 6X - 10X
- Time to " first alert " ( aka , " whoa , something 's definitely going to happen " ) : 20 mins .
- Time to onset of visual disturbance : 45 mins .
- Time to peak ( rough estimate ) : 2 hours
- Time to first sign of diminishing effects : 5 hours
- Time to baseline ( indiscernable effects ) : 7 hours
- Further comments you might want to add to your experience :
================================
=========================
EXPLANATION
Background Data
Black Currants are the king of berries with more than twice the antioxidants of blueberries , 4 times the Vitamin C of oranges , more potassium than bananas , and a cache of iron , calcium , magnesium and manganese ...
- Psilocybin - pH 5.2 - http://www.erowid.org/archive/rh odium/chemistry/psilocybin.html
- Psilocybin breaks down in the body to form Psilocin ( the good stuff ) .
- Psilocin is unstable in solutions , ESPECIALLY alkaline ( Base ) ones .
- Psilocin is obtained by dephosphorylation ( bonding of Phosphate ) of psilocybin under strongly acidic or alkaline conditions .
- Acidic foods are retained in the stomach for a longer period than non-acidic foods
- In a solution when the pH is changed to acidic , the alkaloids will dissolve in water in a salt form .
WHY IT WORKS
1 - The work hypothesis is that fruit juices would break down psilocybin into psilocin when the mushrooms are soaked in the juice for some time before eating them :
Water - pH 7.00
Orange juice - pH 3.30 - 4.19
Prune juice - pH 3.95-3.97
Plum Nectar - pH 3.45
Apple juice - pH 3.35-4.00
Kiwi juice - pH 3.30-3.80
Pineapple juice - pH 3.30 - 3.60
Grapefruit juice - pH 2.90-3.25
Pomegranate - pH 2.93-3.20
Vinegar - pH 2.40-3.40
Black Currant juice - pH ~ 2.7 - with Pectinex BE - 3L Enzyme : 2.45
Cranberry juice - pH 2.30 - 2.52
Lemon juice - pH 2.00 - 2.60
Lime juice - pH 2.00 - 2.35
FLUIDS - ACID STANDARDS
Ascorbic acid 5 % pH 2.0 ( MERCK )
0.1N Citric acid 2 % pH 2.2 ( MERCK )
0.1N Tartaric acid 1.5 % pH 2.2 ( MERCK )
0.1N Ascorbic acid 1.75 % pH 2.3 ( MERCK )
0.1N Acetic acid 0.6 % pH 2.9 ( MERCK )
pH of Foods : http://www.cfsan.fda.gov/~comm/l acf-phs.html
pH of BC : www.vtt.fi/virtual/maxfun/bucher t_et_al.pdf
Vitamin C ( L - enantiomer of ascorbic acid ) per 100 gr .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vit amin_C
Billygoat plum 3150
Camu Camu 2800
Tibetan Goji berry 2500
Rosehip 2000
Blackcurrant 200
Guava 100
Kiwifruit 90
Loganberry 80
Redcurrant 80
Papaya 60
Strawberry 50
Orange 50
Raspberry 30
Lemon 40
Lime 20
Raspberry 20
Pineapple 10
Grape 10
Apple 6
Bilberry 1
Manninee :
There are several different ways that ascorbic acid / vit c and the chemicals in fruit juices might enhance the passage and / or activation of psilocybin :
( i) The Vitamin C transporter molecules in gut cells : People know that ascorbic acid is transported ' actively ' in the gut ( ie - by cellular machinery ... specialised proteins ) but as I understand , nobody has yet identified these molecules in gut , although they have been found elsewhere in the body .
Many transporter molecules absorb more than one molecule simultaneously , and some chemicals enhance the absorbtion of others .
Maybe Psilocybin and Vitamin C are co-transported , with the ascorbic acid facilitating the uptake of psilocybin ?
( ii ) The ascorbic acid functionally interferes with the detoxifying enzymes - Monoamine Oxidases and the family known as cytochrome P450 .
Citrus flavonoids enhance the absorbtion of vitamin C as well as blocking some aspects of the P450 enzymes ( many health food chains sell Vit C / Flavonoid combination pills ) .
These enzymes are in gut cells , the liver and elsewhere .
( iii ) The other mechanism for prolongation could be the anti-oxidative properties of vitamin c interfering with the dephosphorylation of psilocybin to psilocin somehow - possibly making it a more gradual process .
Which would yield higher contents of psilocin ready to be ingested .
2 - ... and a MAGIC hidden secret gummicompound : Quercetin and Quercitrin , responsible for the MAO - A inhibition , present also in ST .
JOHN?S WORT , the popular Hypericum and GINKGO BILOBA .
This might lead to further experiments with Mushrooms +
St. John 's
Wort tea , Ginkgo Biloba , ascorbic acid and other juices .
Stay tuned .
Consumption of black currants , lingonberries and bilberries increases serum quercetin concentrations
European Journal of Clinical Nutrition ( 2003 ) 57 , 37 - 42 .
doi:10.1038/sj.ejcn.1601513
http://www.nature.com/ejcn/journ
al/v57/n1/abs/1601513a.html
Chemtech June 93 page 63 : 50 grams of black currant juice concentrated 5.5 times inhibits 92 % of MAO action ( ref European patent application 0531155 )
PATENT : Cerebral - Activating Compositions
http://register.epoline.org/espa cenet/regviewer?AP=EP19920308053& PN=&CY=ep&LG=en&DB=REG
QUERCETIN is also the most POTENT bioflavonoid
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Que rcetin
Quercetin is a flavonoid that forms the " backbone " for many other flavonoids , including the citrus flavonoids rutin , hesperidin , naringin and tangeritin .
Quercetin is found to be the most active of the flavonoids in studies , and many medicinal plants owe much of their activity to their high quercetin content .
Quercetin has demonstrated significant anti-inflammatory activity because of direct inhibition of several initial processes of inflammation .
For example , it inhibits both the manufacture and release of histamine and other allergic / inflammatory mediators .
In addition , it exerts potent antioxidant activity and vitamin C - sparing action .
On another side of things , Albert Hoffman suggests taking CHOCOLATE in order to speed up and accelerate LSD effects .
" Albert Hoffman [ the discoverer of LSD ] told me about it with reference to LSD , and he said that there are some receptors that it speeds up , and now we do it with MDMA and it seems to me that it works .
They always have to take their orange juice , their pills and the chocolate .
I think it has something to do with endorphines . "
http://ecstasy.org/books/e4x/e4x .ch.09.html
" In pre-Columbian M?xico the mushrooms were served and eaten with chocolate and / or honey . "
http://www.erowid.org/plants/mus
hrooms/mushrooms_article6.shtml
" Dark chocolate derived from the plant ( Theobroma cacao ) is a rich source of flavonoids .
Flavonoid - rich dark chocolate improves endothelial function and is associated with an increase in plasma epicatechin concentrations in healthy adults . "
http://www.chocolate.org/flavono ids.html
Chocolate improves digestion and elimination where cacao / chocolate countered the effects of stagnant or weak stomachs , stimulated kidneys and improved bowel function .
http://www.chocolate.org/history .htm
CONCLUSION
This magic and unbeatable combination of high acidity , MAO - A Inhibition and potent bioflavonoid in relation to certain enzymes which would a allow a greater absorption of active compounds in the stomach is what makes of Black Currant juice the Gummiberry juice .
================================
=================================
====
IMPORTANT links .
Further information about MAOIs :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mon oamine_oxidase_inhibitor - Wikipedia
http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/ maois/maois.shtml
- MAOIs , Erowid
http://www.maps.org/news-letters
/v06n1/06158mao.html - MAOI Contraindications
http://peyote.com/jonstef/maois.
htm - Harmala in Syrian Rue as MAOI
http://www.acacialand.com/syrian .html - " Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo both claimed that , owing to rue 's metaphysical powers , their eyesight and creative inner vision had been improved . "
-------------------------------- ----------------------------
Thought you might find this information interesting .
" Dr. Frescas also mentioned that black current juice is a MAO inhibitor , and when one bottle ( diluted ) is drunk with MDMA or amphetamine the effect can be felt with increased blood pressure and heart rate . "
As published on the book E is for Ecstasy , with contributions from Sasha Shulgin [ discoverer of MDMA ] .
http://ecstasy.org/books/e4x/e4x .ap.01/e4x.ap.01.141.html
Incidentally , this book was seized by Australian customs in 1994 , and at last check ( May 2000 ) , the official ban on the book was still in force in that country .
Chemtech June 93 page 63 : 50 grams of black currant juice concentrated 5.5 times inhibits 92 % of MAO action ( ref European patent application 0531155 )
PATENT : Cerebral - Activating Compositions
http://register.epoline.org/espa cenet/regviewer?AP=EP19920308053& PN=&CY=ep&LG=en&DB=REG
Abstract of EP0531155
" The use of an effective monoamine oxidase - inhibitory amount or portion of black currant juice ( Ribes nigrum L. ) or concentrate or dry extract thereof to activate the brain and central nervous system , in a living animal , especially a human being , in need thereof , and thereby to increase the general cerebral performance , especially in healthy and elderly people , and for the prevention , treatment , and alleviation of neurodegenerative diseases associated with reduced cerebral performance , such as Parkinson 's disease , dementia , and mood disorders . "
http://v3.espacenet.com/textdoc?
IDX=EP0531155
Claims of EP0531155
1 . Use of blackcurrant juice or a concentrate or dry extract thereof for the manufacture of an orally administrable medicament for promotion of monoamine oxidase inhibition and / or cerebral stimulation .
2 . Use as claimed in claim 1 for manufacture of a medicament for increase of cerebral performance and / or improvement of state of mood and / or prevention or treatment of neurodegenerative diseases in a human subject .
3 . Use as claimed in claim 1 or claim 2 wherein said medicament is presented for administration of from 100 mg to 50 grams , preferably 1 gram to 20 grams , of blackcurrant juice or concentrate or dry extract thereof per day .
4.Use as claimed in any of the preceding claims wherein said medicament is presented for administration of from 10 mg to 10 grams , preferably 100 mg to 5 grams , of blackcurrant juice or concentrate or dry extract thereof per unit dosage form .
5 . Use as claimed in any of the preceding claims wherein an at least two - fold concentrate of blackcurrant juice is employed .
6 . Use as claimed in claim 5 wherein a four - fold to eight - fold concentrate of blackcurrant juice is employed .
7 . Use as claimed in claim 6 wherein an approximately 5.5 - fold concentrate of blackcurrant juice is employed .
8 . Use as claimed in any of claims 1 to 4 wherein a dry extract of blackcurrant juice is employed .
9 . Use as claimed in any of the preceding claims wherein the blackcurrant juice or concentrate or dry extract thereof is formulated as a pharmaceutical , food or dietetic food composition .
10 .
Use as claimed in any of the preceding claims wherein the blackcurrant juice or concentrate or dry extract thereof is formulated as a tablet , coated tablet , syrup , tonic or drink mix .
http://v3.espacenet.com/textclam
?IDX=EP0531155&QPN=EP0531155
" The invention thus relates to use of black currant juice and concentrates and dry extracts thereof in the manufacture of medicaments for the inhibition of monoamine , oxidase and / or for stimulation of the brain and central nervous sytem , e.g. to increase general cerebral performance , especially in healthy and elderly people , as well as for the prevention , treatment , and alleviation of neurodegenerative diseases associated with reduced cerebral performance , such as Parkinson 's disease , dementia , and mood disorders .
Such medicaments may contain a pharmaceutically or orally - acceptable carrier or diluent together with the black currant juice or concentrate or dry extract thereof to facilitate oral administration of such a composition which may , for example , be in the form of a pharmaceutical , food , or dietetic food composition .
The diluent or carrier may be adapted for the particular type of composition , which may , for example , be a tablet , a coated tablet , a syrup , a tonic , or a drink mix .
The amount of black currant juice , concentrate , or dry extract present or employed is conveniently between 10 mg and 10 g per unit dosage form , preferably between 100 mg and 5 g per unit dosage form , and the black currant juice , concentrate , or dry extract is conveniently administered in an amount between 100 mg and 50 g per day , preferably in an amount between 100 mg and 50 g per day , preferably between 1 and 20 grams per day .
The black currant juice is advantageously present in the form of an at least 2 - fold concentrate thereof , preferably a 4 - fold to 8 - fold concentrate thereof , and most especially an approximately 5.5 - fold concentrate thereof , or in the form of a dry extract thereof . "
http://www.maps.org/news-letters
/v06n1/06158mao.html
Contraindications to the use of MAOIs include severe liver and kidney impairment , severe or frequent headache , uncontrolled hypertension , cardiovascular diseases , and cerebrovascular diseases .
(6) Of course , those with psychiatric preconditions , especially prior psychotic breaks , should avoid entheogens , except when mediated by a professional .
Test 5 - Demonstration of cerebro-activating effect in humans
" In a single - blind controlled study the pharmaco - EEG , duration of spiral after - effect ( SAE ) , profile of mood state ( POMS ) , MAO activity ( cf. 2 ) , and blood pressure were assessed after the administration of 50 g black currant juice concentrate ( 5.5 - fold ) in comparison with orange juice as placebo . "
http://v3.espacenet.com/textdes?
IDX=EP0531155&QPN=EP0531155
" Ribena is a brand of uncarbonated soft drink made by GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline , containing blackcurrant juice .
The blackcurrant is a temperate shrub which produces small edible berries with a high natural vitamin C content , which are very dark purple / blue in colour ?
almost black ? hence the name .
The drink was launched in the 1930s and it was given the name Ribena , from the botanical name for the blackcurrant , Ribes nigrum in 1938 .
Blackcurrants are a rich source of Vitamin C .
Today Ribena is sold as a cordial and also pre-diluted and marketed in a large variety of flavours ( e.g. Blackcurrant , Strawberry and Apple ) . "
http://encyclopedia.thefreedicti onary.com /Ribena
Ribena Concentrate :
Ribena : http://www.ribena.co.uk/
# MAOIs in Combination with Psychedelics
Generally increase the effects of the psychedelic significantly .
Be extremely careful .
http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/ maois/maois.shtml
http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/ maois/maois_info8.shtml
Mushrooms Dosage calculator multiplies 2X the effect when using MAOIs .
http://www.shroomery.org/index.p
hp/sty/print/spl/0/par/12195/
Are we talking now of a 5X effect with lemon juice plus 2X with Black Currant = 10X EFFECT ??
Has anybody tried BLACK CURRANT juice yet ?
Now THIS together with lemon juice might be THE thing .
IMPORTANT INFORMATION .
DO the test with an EMPTY stomach .
As per http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/ maois/maois_info2.shtml
FOODS TO AVOID with MAOIs
# Alcoholic beverages Avoid Chianti wine and vermouth .
# Consumption of red , white , and port wine in quantities less than 120 mL present little risk ( Anon , 1989 ; Da Prada et al , 1988 ; McCabe , 1986 ) .
# Beer and ale should also be avoided ( McCabe , 1986 ) , however other investigators feel major domestic ( US ) brands of beer is safe in small quantities (? cup or less than 120 mL ) ( Anon , 1989 ; Da Prada , 1988 ) , but imported beer should not be consumed unless a specific brand is known to be safe .
# Whiskey and liqueurs such as Drambuie and Chartreuse have caused reactions .
# Nonalcoholic beverages ( alcohol - free beer and wines ) may contain tyramine and should be avoided ( Anon , 1989 ; Stockley , 1993 ) .
# Banana peels
A single case report implicates a banana as the causative agent , which involved the consumption of whole stewed green banana , including the peel .
Ripe banana pulp contains 7 ?g/ gram of tyramine compared to a peel which contains 65 ?g/ gram and 700 ?g of tyramine and dopamine , respectively ( McCabe , 1986 ) .
# Bean curd Fermented bean curd , fermented soya bean , soya bean pastes contain a significant amount of tyramine ( Anon , 1989 ) .
# Broad ( fava ) bean pods
These beans contain dopa , not tyramine , which is metabolized to dopamine and may cause a pressor reaction and therefore should not be eaten particularly if overripe ( McCabe , 1986 ; Anon , 1989 ; Brown & Bryant , 1988 ) .
# Cheese Tyramine content cannot be predicted based on appearance , flavor , or variety and therefore should be avoided .
# Cream cheese and cottage cheese have no detectable level of tyramine ( McCabe , 1986 ; Anon , 1989 , Brown & Bryant , 1988 ) .
# Fish Fresh fish ( Anon , 1989 ; McCabe , 1986 ) and vacuum - packed pickled fish or caviar contain only small amounts of tyramine and are safe if consumed promptly or refrigerated for short periods ; longer storage may be dangerous ( Anon , 1989 ) .
# Smoked , fermented , pickled ( Herring ) and otherwise aged fish , meat , or any spoiled food may contain high levels of tyramine and should be avoided ( Anon , 1989 ; Brown & Bryant , 1988 ) .
# Ginseng Some preparations have resulted in a headache , tremulousness , and manic - like symptoms ( Anon , 1989 ) .
# Protein extracts
Three brands of meat extract contained 95 , 206 , and 304 ?g/ gram of tyramine and therefore meat extracts should be avoided ( McCabe , 1986 ) .
# Avoid liquid and powdered protein dietary supplements ( Anon , 1989 ) .
# Meat nonfresh or liver
# no detectable levels identified in fresh chicken livers
# high tyramine content found in spoiled or unfresh livers ( McCabe , 1986 ) .
# Fresh meat is safe , caution suggested in restaurants ( Anon , 1989 ; Da Prada et al , 1988 ) .
# Sausage , bologna , pepperoni and salami contain large amounts of tyramine ( Anon , 1989 ; Da Prada et al , 1988 ; McCabe , 1986 ) .
# No detectable tyramine levels were identified in country cured ham ( McCabe , 1986 ) .
# Sauerkraut Tyramine content has varied from 20 to 95 ?g/ gram and should be avoided ( McCabe , 1986 ) .
# Shrimp paste Contain a large amount of tyramine ( Anon , 1989 ) .
# Soups Should be avoided as protein extracts may be present ; miso soup is prepared from fermented bean curd and contain tyramine in large amounts and should not be consumed ( Anon , 1989 ) .
# Yeast Brewer 's or extracts - yeast extracts ( Marmite ) which are spread on bread or mixed with water ,
# Brewer 's yeast , or Yeast vitamin supplements should not be consumed .
# Yeast used in baking is safe ( Anon , 1989 ; Da Prada et al , 1988 ; McCabe , 1986 ) .
The foods to use with caution list categorizes foods that have been reported to cause a hypertensive crisis if foods were consumed in large quantities , stored for prolong periods , or if contamination occurred .
Small servings (? cup , or less than 120 mL ) of the following foods are not expected to pose a risk for patients on MAOI therapy ( McCabe , 1986 ) .
FOODS TO USE WITH CAUTION
(? cup or less than 120 mL )
Alcoholic beverages - see under foods to avoid .
Avocados - contain tyramine , particularly overripe ( Anon , 1989 ) but may be used in small amounts if not overripened ( McCabe , 1986 ) .
Caffeine - contains a weak pressor agent , large amounts may cause a reaction ( Anon , 1989 ) .
Chocolate - is safe to ingest for most patients , unless consumed in large amounts ( Anon , 1989 ; McCabe , 1986 ) .
Dairy products - Cream , sour cream , cottage cheese , cream cheese , yogurt , or milk should pose little risk unless prolonged storage or lack of sanitation standards exists ( Anon , 1989 ; McCabe , 1986 ) .
Products should not be used if close to the expiration date ( McCabe , 1986 ) .
Nuts - large quantities of peanuts were implicated in a hypertensive reaction and headache .
Coconuts and brazil nuts have also been implicated , however no analysis of the tyramine content was performed ( McCabe , 1986 ) .
Raspberries - contain tyramine and small amounts are expected to be safe ( McCabe , 1986 ) .
Soy sauce - has been reported to contain large amounts of tyramine and reactions have been reported with teriyaki ( Anon , 1989 ) , however analysis of soy sauce reveals a tyramine level of 1.76 ?g/ mL and fermented meat may have contributed to the previously reported reactions ( McCabe , 1986 ) .
Spinach , New Zealand prickly or hot weather - large amounts have resulted in a reaction ( Anon , 1989 ; McCabe , 1986 ) .
DRUGS to AVOID with MAOIs .
If you are on medication please DO NOT try this !
As per http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/ maois/maois_info3.shtml
To be as safe as possible , avoid the following drugs while you are taking an MAOI antidepressant and for two weeks after stopping it .
* All SSRIs ( prozac , zoloft , and several other anti-depressants )
SSRIs block the reuptake of serotonin in the brain .
Because MAOIs inhibit the breakdown of serotonin , the combination of MAOIs and SSRIs can lead to dangerously high levels of serotonin in the brain ( serotonin syndrome ) .
Symptoms of serotonin syndrome include nausea , vomiting , blackouts , memory loss , increased blood pressure and increased heart rate .
* Demerol
* Cold preparations ( tablets , capsules , or liquids such as Comtrex )
* Cough medications containing decongestants , Dextromethorphan ( DXM ) 1 , or Demerol
* Sinus medications
* Nose drops or nasal sprays
* Nasal decongestants
* Hay fever medications
* Diet pills
* Amphetamines --- speed
* MDMA --- Ecstasy
* MDE , MDA , and other " MD " compounds
* Cocaine --- crack
MAOIs can and will dramatically increase the effects of some of these drugs to the point of becoming dangerous .
Other plants and chemicals are intentionally combined with some reversible MAOIs ( plants such as Syrian Rue or Banisteriopsis Caapi , or their primary active chemicals the harmala alkaloids ) to intentionally increase the effects of chemicals such as DMT ( as is done in many forms of the ayahuasca brew ) or sometimes phenethylamines such as Mescaline or 2 - CB .
All of these " potentiating " combinations can be dangerous if used improperly .
** Further studies related with Black Currant juice **
Effect of blackcurrant - , cranberry - and plum juice consumption on risk factors associated with kidney stone formation .
Kessler T , Jansen B , Hesse A .
Division of Experimental Urology , Department of Urology , University of Bonn , Bonn , Germany .
Eur J Clin Nutr . 2002 Oct;56( 10 ) :1020 -3
Blackcurrant juice increased the urinary pH and the excretion of citric acid .
The excretion of oxalic acid was increased too .
CONCLUSION :
It is concluded that blackcurrant juice could support the treatment and metaphylaxis of uric acid stone disease because of its alkalizing effect .
http://www.anti-aging-guide.com/
41fruits.php
Also , the concentration of juice has to be known beforehand and before measuring the amount to drink .
As per http://www.ribena.ie/about_riben a/products.html ,
Ribena Concentrate
( 400 ml , 600 ml , 1 litre , 2 litre ) : Original Blackcurrant
" At our recommended dilution rate , you can get around 33 servings from a 1 litre bottle ?
so a little Ribena goes a long , long way . "
I do n't know what 's the dilution rate they are recommending .
I 'm taking as the typical serving 1 glass of juice = 300 cc. of juice .
that means , at their recommended dilution rate , I 'm guessing :
1000 cc / 33 servings = 30.3 cc. recommended / glass = a 10X concentrate ?
Anybody can please check this and see if we are talking about a 5.5X , a 10X concentrate or what .
Ribena is recommended unless anybody finds a stronger concentrate .
Really Light Blackcurrant Squash 1 litre should be the strongest one ( name is due only to lower sugar content ) .
It 's Blackcurrant Juice from Concentrate ( 7 % ) ( once diluted on 5X water )
Product before dilution contains 35 % juice .
50 gr. of 5.5X concentrate used in the Patent equals = 275 gr. of Pure juice .
To get 275 gr. of Pure juice , diluted 35 % we need :
350 gr. pure per 1000 gr .
275 gr. pure -> ( 1000*275)/350 = 785 gr. of concentrate .
That 's 3 / 4 of a liter needed , unless someone finds a stronger concentrate .
http://www.ribena.co.uk/accessib le/our_drinks/index.html
If it can not be found , another brands found are :
Ribes
http://www.schilcherland.at/engl ish/products/juice.htm#Ribes
Gummiberry Juice Song - Lyrics - Sheet Music
Take an ounce of bounce ,
A pound of pounce ,
And ripe gummiberries in varying amounts .
Dump them in a pot ,
Stir 'rm till they 're loose ,
It 's really something special ,
It 's gummiberry juice .
CHORUS :
Gummiberry , gummiberry juice ,
Gummiberry , gummiberry juice ,
We can bounce like kangaroos ,
With gummiberry juice .
Berries in the pot ,
Are extremely hot ,
There 's enough to last a week , and that is quite a lot !
But you 'll have to wait ,
For the concentrate ,
It 's extra-ordinary , and it tastes really great !
CHORUS
================================
=============================
REPORTS
Incubaby_421
yes , it did work that AMAZINGLY WELL ...
when i posted wow and the weird bird thing , i proceeded to melt into my computer monitor , wall paper flowers were growing , carpet was turnign into worms , im talking about fear and loathing shit , NEVER in my history of being bemushroomed have i hallucinated like that , NEVER
anyways
- Black Currant Juice brand : CurrantC
- Juice Quantity : 16 oz .
- Mushrooms species : Psilocybe Cubensis
- Mushrooms Quantity : 4 gr. dry
- Did you know the potency of the mushrooms beforehand ?
( Y/N ) : Yes , ate from the same crop thrice before .
- Hours since last meal : 7 h .
- Description of effects compared vs. no juice : umm ... these are relativly potent shrooms , but , god damn , that was more like 6 hits of acid than an eighth of shrooms
- Description of effects compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice : i have never done shrooms with only lemon or lime , but i did this time , plus the juice , id say that 10 x would be a pretty accurate multiplication of the effects ... at one point in time i went across the dark house to get some rainbow sherbert , the darkness was just one big ass hyallucination ... amazing ...
- Are you positively sure that there IS definitely an improvement in potency ?
( Y/N ) : yes
- Estimated potency compared vs. no juice : 4X - 5X
- Estimated potency compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice : 1.5X - 2X
- Time to " first alert " ( aka , " whoa , something 's definitely going to happen " ) : 45 mins .
- Time to onset of visual disturbance : 60 mins .
- Time to peak ( rough estimate ) : 4 ! hours
- Time to first sign of diminishing effects : 4 1/4 hours
- Time to baseline ( indiscernable effects ) : 7 hours
- Further comments you might want to add to your experience :
i just want to say this is by far the hardest i have ever tripped off of anyhting , newbies BE CAREFULL , i have been there , ive ate ounces that didnt do that much before , this could definitly take someone to a very bad place
Schneck
- How experienced are you with psychedelics ? :
I have been tripping on mushrooms for 2 years - 20 - 30 ?
trips .
2 LSD trips .
20 -30 Salvia experiences ( plain leaf ?5x - 10x - 20 x ) .
Ololiuqui seeds ? 10 seeds just once .
2 Iboga powder trips ( 8g , 20g ) .
Lots of herbal psychoactive experiments .
Hash ?
hundreds of times .
Cannabis drunk and eaten ?
hundreds of times .
When I was younger I tried everything that was available : barbiturates , opium smoked / eaten / intravenuously , acetone inhalations and lots of other bullshit .
I ?m a proud pot smoker for roughly 24 years .
- Days since last trip on psychedelics : 5 weeks ago - Ps.cub 3g dry + 3g Syrian rue ; 4 weeks ago - 20g iboga powder ; 2 weeks ago - 3g Syrian rue + 10g MHRB
- Black Currant Juice brand : about 200- 250g fresh ( frozen ) berries mixed with 1 cup of Ribena Original ( 6 % ) - - Juice Quantity : 400-450 g
- Mushrooms species : Psilocybe Cubensis homegrown
- Mushrooms Quantity : appr. 14 gr. fresh
- Did you know the potency of the mushrooms beforehand ?
( Y/N ) : No , my first crop .
- Hours since last meal : 24 h .
- Did you put your mushrooms in a coffee grinder for a while until you got a fine powder ?
( Y/N ) : No , mixed in a blender with lemon and grapefruit juice
- Did you soak the mushrooms in lemon / lime or BC juice as in STEP 5 ? ( Y/N ) : Yes , for 30 minutes , 250 ml pure lemon juice + 200 ml grapefruit juice .
- Are you positively sure that there IS definitely an improvement in potency ?
( Y/N ) : ABSOLUTELY
- Estimated potency compared vs. no juice : 4X - 5X
- Estimated potency compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice : 3X - 4X
- Estimated total potency : 6X - 10X ?
- Time to " first alert " ( aka , " whoa , something 's definitely going to happen " ) : 10 mins .
- Time to onset of visual disturbance : 15 - 20 mins .
- Time to peak ( rough estimate ) : 2 - 4 hours
- Time to first sign of diminishing effects : 6 hours
- Time to baseline ( indiscernable effects ) : 12 hours
- Further comments you might want to add to your experience :
This time it was like never before .
I was swept , trampled , smashed and humiliated .
I am terrified with a thought that I could take 2 cups at once .
That was a real near and beyond death experience , both spiritually and physically .
Yes , black currant works .
But people , DO BE CAREFUL .
Fospher
- Black Currant Juice brand : ' Looza ' Blackcurrant nectar
All natural ingredients , no preservatives
Sold in US - retailer : Michael 's Organic Market
30 % juice , Drank a liter each with 2 other trippers ( 833.3 mL is the dose with 30 % ) .
- Juice Quantity : 1L
- Mushrooms species : Psilocybe Cubensis
- Mushrooms Quantity : 1.6 gr. dry
- Did you know the potency of the mushrooms beforehand ?
( Y/N ) : Yes , potent stuff .
- Hours since last meal : 7 h .
- Description of effects compared vs. no juice : I could tell the difference between that and just the ' lemon juiced ' trip , but not much trip amplitude difference .
Description of effects compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice : See above .
Are you positively sure that there IS definitely an improvement in potency ?
( Y/N ) : Barely .
- Estimated potency compared vs. no juice : ~ .5x
- Estimated potency compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice : ^^
- Time to " first alert " ( aka , " whoa , something 's definitely going to happen " ) : 15 mins .
Kicked in in a snap .
Me , and two other trippers doing the same thing as me tripped hardest during the first hour .
So we peaked right away , and then went on on a downward slope of ' shroomage ' .
Haha .
- Time to onset of visual disturbance : 15 mins .
- Time to peak ( rough estimate ) : ~ 25 minutes .
- Time to first sign of diminishing effects :
Hard to tell , maybe 5 hours in ?
- Time to baseline ( indiscernable effects ) : 7 hours , but I was at an EDM party , and the music always keeps me going .
- Further comments you might want to add to your experience : I dont know why this didnt work as well as everyone else said it did .
I didnt eat a thing all day , and neither did the other 2 trippers .
Definetly tripped harder than Lemon / Lime trip , but not that big of a difference .
Forkbender
- How experienced are you with psychedelics ? :
Been tripping for 3 years now , only for spiritual development .
Shrooms 10 x plus a bunch of one - timers : ayahuasca , morning glory , salvia and MDMA .
- Days since last trip on psychedelics : 2 weeks ago , MDMA .
6 weeks ago , Salvia .
8 weeks ago , morning glory ..
- Black Currant Juice brand : Natufood 100 % pure Black Currant Juice
- What reads the concentration on the label ? : 100 %
- Juice Quantity : 275 ml as prescribed .
I diluted most of it with about 50 ml of water , because the first gulp hurt the back of my throat .
- Mushrooms species : Psilocybe Cubensis
- Mushrooms Quantity : 1.5 gr. dry
- Did you know the potency of the mushrooms beforehand ?
( Y/N ) : No , just bought them a week ago .
- Hours since last meal : 16 h .
- Did you put your mushrooms in a coffee grinder for a while until you got a fine powder ? ( Y/N ) : I do n't have a grinder , cut the up real fine with a big knife .
- Did you soak the mushrooms in lemon / lime or BC juice as in STEP 5 ? ( Y/N ) : Yes , for 10 minutes , squeezed 1 lemon and a half .
- Description of effects compared vs. no juice : Stronger , faster , deeper
- Description of effects compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice :
No experience with just lemon / lime
- Are you positively sure that there IS definitely an improvement in potency ?
( Y/N ) : Yes , level 4 with just a gram and a half .
- Estimated potency compared vs. no juice : -
- Estimated potency compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice : -
- Estimated total potency : 5 x (? )
- Time to " first alert " ( aka , " whoa , something 's definitely going to happen " ) : 20 mins .
- Time to onset of visual disturbance : 30 mins .
- Time to peak ( rough estimate ) : 1 hour (! )
- Time to first sign of diminishing effects : 5 hours
- Time to baseline ( indiscernable effects ) : 8 hours
- Further comments you might want to add to your experience :
It was really hard integrating the experience .
Got a big headache the day after , because I forgot to drink for the first four hours ( I was gone ) .
It was my first trip all by myself , felt great .
I talked a lot to myself though , sounded like upanishads to me .
The love of seeing the interplay between being and becoming , seeing that it's all the same was pretty gorgeous .
It was during the daytime , which anoyed me a bit , so next time I 'll prefer the dark .
Next time is gonna be a couple of months away .
Had enough for a while .
ayjay101
- How experienced are you with psychedelics ?:
- Days since last trip on psychedelics :
- Black Currant Juice brand : Bickford 's Gold
- What reads the concentration on the label ? : 50 %
- Juice Quantity : 550g
- Mushrooms species : Psilocybe Cubensis ( Golden Teacher )
- Mushrooms Quantity : 1.1 gr. dry
- Did you know the potency of the mushrooms beforehand ?
( Y/N ) : Yes , good potency .
- Hours since last meal : 9 h .
- Did you put your mushrooms in a coffee grinder for a while until you got a fine powder ? ( Y/N ) :
- Did you soak the mushrooms in lemon / lime or BC juice as in STEP 5 ? ( Y/N ) :
- Description of effects compared vs. no juice : seemed to be deeper , for a shorter time
- Description of effects compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice : N / A
- Are you positively sure that there IS definitely an improvement in potency ?
( Y/N ) : Yes .
( even though vomiting probably made it weaker )
- Estimated potency compared vs. no juice : 2X - 2.5X ( but vomited ! )
- Estimated potency compared vs. Lemon / Lime juice : N / A
- Time to " first alert " ( aka , " whoa , something 's definitely going to happen " ) : 50 mins .
- Time to onset of visual disturbance : 60 mins .
- Time to peak ( rough estimate ) : 70 mins
- Time to first sign of diminishing effects : 95 mins
- Time to baseline ( indiscernable effects ) : 4 hrs
================================
=============================
Those considering self - induced exploration should be aware of its complications and make an informed decision .
The restrictions here delineated are not meant to be all - encompassing but , rather , are meant to provide general guidelines .
Further questions should be directed to your physician .
Keep in mind that I 'mwhatsoever .
Only a curious guy interested in exploring the amazing realms of Consciousness .
Like you .
Credit for initial discovery of lemon / lime juice as an enhancer of the strength that lead me to research further possibilities goes to Underhillmaster .
He is experienced for more than 20 years and 100 trips and did trials on 20 acquaintances for 6 months and the responses were uniform.incubaby_421 has been the first person to test this .
He is an experienced tripper , 250-300 trips.================================
Edited by infinitedot ( 01/22/06 07:22 PM )
Post Extras :
Readers of this blog will be familiar with my belief that more data usually beats better algorithms .
Here 's another proof point .
Google announced earnings today , and it was a shocker -- for most of Wall Street , which was in a tizzy based on ComScore 's report that paid clicks grew by a mere 1.8 % year - over - year .
In the event , paid clicks grew by a healthy 20 % from last year and revenue grew by 30 % .
In comparison , SEM optimizer Efficient Frontier released their Search Performance Report on their blog a few hours ahead of Google 's earnings call .
EF manages the SEM campaigns of some of the largest direct marketers , handling more SEM spend than anyone in the world outside of the search engines themselves .
Their huge volumes of data give them more insight into Google 's marketplace than anyone outside of Google .
EF reported a 19.2 % increase in paid clicks and 11.2 % increase in CPCs at Google Y - O - Y .
Do the math ( 1.192*1.112 = 1.325 ) , that 's a 32.5 % Y - O - Y revenue increase .
That 's the closest anyone got to the real numbers !
And this quarter is not a flash in the pan : in January , EF reported a 29 % Y - O - Y increase in SEM spend , with 97 % of the increased spend going to Google : that is , about a 28 % Y - O - Y revenue increase for Google .
That compares very favorably with the actual reported increase of 30 % .
As Paul Kedrosky points out , this is a huge indictment of ComScore 's methodology ( ComScore 's shares are trading down 8 % after - hours post the Google earnings call ) .
ComScore sets a lot of store on their " panel - based " approach , which collects data from a panel of users , similar to Nielsen 's method of collecting data on TV viewing using data from a few households that have their set - top boxes installed .
ComScore has been in this business longer than anyone else , and has arguably the best methodology ( i.e. , algorithm ) in town to analyze the data .
They 're just not looking at the right data , or enough of it .
Some simple math using the mountain of data from EF handily beats the analysis methodology developed over several years using data from a not - so - large panel .
To my mind , this also puts in doubt the validity of ComScore 's traffic measurement numbers .
For websites where I personally know the numbers ( based on server logs ) , both Quantcast and Hitwise come far closer to reality than ComScore .
The latter two do n't rely as heavily on a small panel .
ComScore 's value today is largely driven by the fact that advertisers and ad agencies trust their numbers more than the upstarts .
Advertiser inertia will carry them for a while ; but a few more high - profile misses could change that quickly .
Disclosure : Cambrian Ventures is an investor in EF .
However , I do n't have access to any information beyond that published in their public report .
Albert Einstein's Theory of Relativity
In Words of Four Letters or Less
[ 0 ]
So , have a seat .
Put your feet up .
This may take some time .
Can I get you some tea ?
Earl Grey ?
You got it .
Okay .
How do I want to do this ?
He did so much .
It 's hard to just dive in .
You know ?
You pick a spot to go from , but soon you have to back up and and go over this or that item , and you get done with that only to see that you have to back up some more .
So if you feel like I 'm off to the side of the tale half the time , well , this is why .
Just bear with me , and we 'll get to the end in good time .
Okay ?
Okay .
Let 's see ....
[ I ]
Say you woke up one day and your bed was gone .
Your room , too .
Gone .
It 's all gone .
You wake up in an inky void .
Not even a star .
Okay , yes , it 's a dumb idea , but just go with it .
Now say you want to know if you move or not .
Are you held fast in one spot ?
Or do you , say , list off to the left some ?
What I want to ask you is : Can you find out ?
Hell no .
You can see that , sure .
You do n't need me to tell you .
To move , you have to move to or away from ... well , from what ?
You'd have to say that you do n't even get to use a word like " move " when you are the only body in that void .
Sure .
Okay .
Now , let 's add the bed back .
Your bed is with you in the void .
But not for long -- it goes away from you .
You do n't have any way to get it back , so you just let it go .
But so now we have a body in the void with you .
So does the bed move , or do you move ?
Or both ?
Well , you can see as well as I that it can go any way you like .
Flip a coin .
Who 's to say ?
It 's best to just say that you move away from the bed , and that the bed goes away from you .
No one can say who 's held fast and who is n't .
Now , if I took the bed back but gave you the sun -- just you and the sun in the void , now -- I 'll bet you 'd say that the sun is so big , next to you , that odds are you move and not the sun .
It 's easy to move a body like ours , and not so easy to kick a sun to and fro .
But that is n't the way to see it .
Just like with the bed , no one can say who 's held fast .
In a word , you can't find any one true " at rest " .
Izzy was the one who told us that .
Izzy said that you can't tell if you move or are at rest at any time .
You can say that you go and all else is at rest , or you can say that you are at rest and all else goes .
It all adds up the same both ways .
So we all knew that much from way back when .
Aha , but now wait !
The sun puts off rays !
So : why not look at how fast the rays go past you ?
From that you 'd see how fast you move , yes ?
For you see , rays move just the same if what puts them off is held fast or not .
( Make a note of that , now . )
Izzy had no way to know that , back then , but it 's true .
Rays all move the same .
We call how fast that is : c. So , you can see how fast the rays go by you , and how far off that is from c will tell you how fast you move !
Hell , you do n't even need the sun for that .
You can just have a lamp with you -- the one by your bed that you use to read by .
You can have that lamp in your hand , and see how fast the rays go by you when you turn it on .
The lamp will move with you , but the rays will move at c .
You will see the rays move a bit more or less than c , and that will be how fast you move .
An open - and - shut case , yes ?
Well , and so we went to test this idea out .
Hey , you do n't need to be in a void to do this test .
We move all the time , even as we sit here .
We spin , in fact .
So they shot some rays off and took note of how fast they went east , and how fast they went west , and so on .
Well , what do you know ?
The rays went just as fast both ways .
All ways , in fact .
They all went at c , just the same .
Not an iota more or less .
To say that we were less than glad to find that out is to be kind .
It blew the mind , is more like it .
" What is up with that ? " we said .
And here is when old Al came in .
[ II ]
Old Al , he came out the blue and said , " Not only do rays move at c if what puts them out is held fast or not : they move at c even if you are held fast or not . "
Now that may not look like such a big deal on the face of it , but hold on .
What this says is that you can move as fast or as slow as you want , and rays will go by you at c all the time .
You can have a pal run past you and when you both look at a ray go by at the same time , you will both see the same ray go by at c !
That is a bit wild , no ?
You , back in that void , you just can not say if you move or not -- with the lamp or no .
Not that you can't tell : it can't be said .
It 's moot !
But for that to be true , then time also has to get in on the act .
For you and your pal to see the same ray go by at the same clip , her idea of time must be off from your idea of time !
I can hear you say , " No way .
That can't be ! "
But I tell you it is .
Old Al said so .
He said , here , I 'll show you .
Get a load of this .
We have Bert and Dana .
Take a bus , and put Bert on the bus .
The bus goes down the road .
Dana , she sits here , on the side of the road .
He 's in the bus and she 's on her ass .
And now take a rock off of the moon , and let it fall at them .
It hits the air and cuts in two .
The two bits burn , and then land just as Bert and Dana are side by side .
One hits the dirt up the road a ways , and one hits down the road a ways .
Dana sees each rock at the same time , but Bert sees one rock and then sees the next rock .
Now : if Bert and Dana both see Dana as the one who is " at rest " , they both will say that the two bits came down at the same time .
Dana will say , " I am 'at rest ' , and I saw them both land at the same time , so they both did , in fact , land at the same time . "
And Bert will say , " I move away from the rock down the road , so when I add that fact in , I can see that if I were 'at rest ' , I 'd have seen both land at the same time .
So it must be the case that they did land at the same time . "
Okay , but what if Bert and Dana now see Bert as the one who is " at rest " ?
Eh ?
You get to pick who is " at rest " and who is n't , no ?
So make Bert be " at rest " .
Now Bert will say , " I am 'at rest ' , so the one up the road beat the one down the road , on the way to the dirt , just the way I saw it . "
And Dana will say , " I saw them land at the same time , but I move away from the rock up the road , so when I add that fact in , I can see that the rock up the road must have beat the one down the road . "
So you see , when you give up on the idea of a one true " at rest " , then you have to give up on the idea of a one true time as well !
And even that is not the end of it .
If you lose your one true way to see time , then you also lose your one true way to see size and your one true way to see mass .
You can't talk of any of that , if you do n't also say what it is you call " at rest " .
If you do n't , then Bert or Dana can pick an " at rest " that is n't the same as what you used , and then what they will get for time and size and mass wo n't be the same .
What a snag , eh ?
I hope you can see how that gave some of them the fits , back when old Al told us that one .
But even so , that ai n't the half of it .
I mean , most of us know that if old Al had got hit by a bus at age ten , we'd have got this far on our own in good time .
No , it was what came next that was the real slap in the face .
[ III ]
Now , I 've said a lot here on how to see ( or how not to see ) how fast you " move " .
What I need to tell you now is just what I mean by that word " move " .
When I say " move " , I also mean that you do n't slow down or get sped up at any time , and that you do n't veer to one side at all .
When you move , you just keep all that the same as you go .
How we say it is , you do n't have any " pull " .
Why do I make a big deal out of that , you ask ?
Okay , let me tell you .
Cast your mind back to Ari , from way way back when .
He 's the one who said that if you are at rest , you tend to stay at rest , and if you move , you tend to come to rest .
He was off , you know , as he had no way to know that it was the air that has you come to rest .
We had to wait a long time for Izzy to come by and say , " No , Ari : if you move , you tend to just go on and on .
To come to rest , you need to have a pull . "
The air will give you a pull , a pull that has you come to rest .
Then we also have the big pull , the one that says what is down and what is up , the one that has all of us in its grip .
Izzy saw that this pull was the same pull that has the moon in its grip , too .
I said that a pull can be a veer , yes ?
That is what the pull on the moon does .
The moon has to veer all the time for it to stay with us .
Were it not for that pull , it 'd just go off in a line -- no veer -- and we 'd just sit here and wave bye bye .
Same with us and the sun .
We veer , each hour , or else we'd get real cold real fast .
But then , see , Izzy had to deal with the way that the pull acts .
If a body has more mass , then it also has more pull , yes ?
That is why the sun is the axis we spin upon , and we are not the axis for the sun .
But then why can't it go both ways ?
You take your ball of lead and your ball of wood and drop them , they land at the same time .
But the lead ball has more mass , so it must get more pull .
Izzy said , " Well , see , a body has one more kind of pull .
This pull is such that it will want to stay put all the time .
And the more mass it has , the more it will want to stay put .
That pull is the ' a body at rest will tend to stay at rest ' part of the deal .
So you see , that pull and the big pull are in a tug - of - war , and they work out so that any mass will fall just as fast . "
I call it a " new kind of pull " , but it is n't so new : you feel it all the time .
Get in a car and step on the gas -- you feel a pull back into your seat .
Let up on the gas a bit , and the pull goes away .
Make a left , and you feel a pull to the side .
Stop , and you feel a pull out of your seat as you slow down .
Or , go to the fair and get on a ride .
As you spin , you feel a pull out , away from the ride .
You spin : that is to say you veer , and veer and veer and veer , just like the moon .
If you had no seat belt , you 'd fly off the ride , and you 'd fly off in a line .
( Well , that is to say , you 'd fly off in a line as a bird sees it .
To be fair you 'd also arc down at the same time .
But put that to one side . )
Okay but now , see , old Al 's big idea did not work when you look at pull .
Go back to when you were lost in the void .
You can't say if you move or not , yeah , but you sure can say if you have a pull on you or not .
If you did , you 'd feel it , no ?
Sure .
So then you have no one true " at rest " , no one true way to look at time , or mass , or size , but you do have one true way to look at a pull ?
Old Al said , " Erm . I do n't buy that . "
We all said , " Aah , why not ?
Just give it a rest , Al . "
You can see why Al did not want to give it a rest , I bet .
But this one was not such an easy nut .
[ IV ]
Izzy once said , Look here : say you have a disk that can spin , and so you put a pail of milk on it and you make it spin .
You will see the milk go up the side of the pail , and fly over and out onto the disk .
No big deal , eh ?
The spin will make a pull .
But now what if you said that the pail of milk is your " at rest " ?
Then you have you and the sky and all that in a big huge spin , and the disk with its pail of milk is the only body that is " at rest " , yes ?
How can you say then why the milk goes up ?
What can make the at - rest milk fly out of the pail like that ?
This is why Izzy came to say :
Yes , we have no one true " at rest " , and when you move , some may say you do move and some may say you do n't , and that is okay -- but not so with a pull !
A pull is a pull , damn it .
But old Al 's mind was set .
And he had a big clue that that was not the full tale .
I told you that Izzy put a new kind of pull next to the old kind .
Well , even he felt that this new pull was a tad bit odd .
Not to put it down , mind you -- just that this new kind of pull was so much like the old kind of pull in a lot of ways .
You know ?
Say I put you in a box , and then put that box out in a void .
( But this time I do n't need to have you in a true void .
I just want you to be well away from any pull .
You can have a star or two , or as many as you like , as long as you keep them far off .
Okay ? )
Now , say I tied a rope from the box to a ship , and then I got in that ship and sent it up , so that it went fast , and more fast , and more fast ...
I just burn up fuel as long as I have any left .
As long as I see to it that you get sped up all the time , and at the same rate , you will feel a pull that will feel just like the pull you 'd feel if you were back here , at home .
If you have a ball of lead and a ball of wood in that box with you , you can drop them and they will both land at the same time .
That is a bit odd , no ?
Puts a bug in your ear , yes ?
You can bet it put bugs in our ears .
But no one had come up with a good way to say why that was so .
Not yet .
Old Al , he took that ball and ran with it .
He went off for a year , and then ten more .
Yep .
That long .
This was no walk in the park , let me tell you .
In fact , some of us said that it was more like a walk off the deep end !
For you see , when old Al came back , he said , " This ' new ' pull that Izzy gave us , it is just the old pull .
Not just like it .
It is it .
The two are one and the same .
And from this , you will then see that we have no ' one true pull ' . "
Do you see what he said , here ?
When you are in that box with the rope on the ship , the pull you feel wo n't just act like the pull back home : it is in fact the same kind of pull !
So when you say , " Hey !
What if I want this box to be my 'at rest ' , huh ?
What then ?
Why does this ball fall down if I 'm at rest and all ? " -- old Al will say back at you , " Well , you see , you have this big old void that goes by , and gets sped up all the time , and that has a pull on you and your box . "
You 'd say , " Get out of here !
The mass in this void is too far away to give me that big of a pull ! "
But old Al 'd say , " Nope .
You do n't get it .
How much mass you have in your void is moot .
It 's the fact that it 's all the mass in the void .
All of it but you and your box , that is . "
Same with the milk in the pail .
If you say that the pail is at rest , then old Al will say that the spin of all else will pull on the milk , and make it jump out over the side .
So here is what we get when we boil it all down .
Izzy said that you can't tell if you move or are at rest at any time .
You can say that you go and all else is at rest , or you can say that you are at rest and all else goes .
It all adds up the same both ways .
But old
Al then said not only that , but that you can't even tell if you have a pull on you or not .
So , at no time , in no way , can you act so that you can't be seen as " at rest " .
You can go this way or that way or jump up or down or what have you : even so , you can say that you are at rest -- and it will all add up just the same .
This was the big one for old Al .
He 'd like to jump for joy , it all came out just so .
But the rest of us , well , we felt more like it was time to lock Al up , what he said was so wild .
[ V ]
So some of us said , " Al , you are mad .
Look here : you want to make this pull , this pull that we need to keep next to the sun -- you want to make this very real pull into some kind of fake pull !
I mean , what kind of pull is it that can go away and come back as you pick what to call your 'at rest ' ?
That is no way for a pull to act . "
And old Al said , " Yeah , you hit the nail on the head .
It is a fake pull . "
And we said , " Okay , that is it .
You , Al , have lost it . "
And old Al said , " Feh . Read this and weep . "
And we read it , or we gave it a try , more like .
It was a real mess .
Some of us got it , but most of us just went , " Huh ? "
And some of us said that even if it was true , we 'd just as soon stay with the old lie , Al 's idea was so hard to make head or tail of .
But Herb -- what ?
No , Herb is n't his real name , but I like to call him that --
But so then Herb was one of the ones who got it , and he went in with old Al and his new idea , and what they came up with goes like this .
You know all the ways you can move , here .
You have your up - and - down , and you have your east - and - west , and you have your fore - and - back .
Well , Herb had said , we want to add one more way here : time .
Yeah , time as just one more way to move in .
Four ways , all told .
And now Herb and old Al said , " Let 's take a look at what we can do when we look at here as a four - way here .
Like , what if this four - way here can be bent ?
We do n't mean that what is in a four - way spot gets bent : what if the very spot gets bent ? "
Some of us said , " You two have got bent , is more like it . "
But they said , " Ha . Get a load of this . "
They said , what if mass puts a bend in this four - way here of ours ?
The more mass you have in one spot , the more bent that spot gets .
So now pick out a spot A and a spot B , one on each side of some mass , and each at its own time .
What does it look like when a body goes from A to B ?
You will say : A line .
Well , yes and no .
It is a line , but it 's also bent , as it goes past the bent spot .
You see , this line will only look like a line if you can see all four ways !
If you can't see one of the ways , if for you the way you can't see is what you call time , then you will see it as a line with a big old veer in it , half way in .
Now , take a lot of mass , as much as our sun has , and pick spot A and spot B to be near the mass , and to be the same spot but for the time .
Well , when you do that , the line from A to B in the four - way here will be an arc to you and me !
An arc that will spin on and on , with that mass as the axis !
" You see ? " old Al said .
" You say that the sun has a pull , but when we spin with the sun as our axis , in the bent - up four - way here we just move in a line !
We do n't veer off at all !
That is why I say that your pull is a fake pull .
You do n't need any pull if you just want to stay on a line ! "
A few more of us got it , then .
But most of us just said , " What are you two on ?
Put down the bong and get real !
This is way too wild to be true . "
But they just said , " Just try and see if it is n't true . "
So we came up with ways to test old Al 's idea , and each time Al hit the gold .
His idea had the sun 's rays a tiny bit more red than what Izzy said .
They were .
His idea put Mars a tiny bit off from how Izzy had Mars .
It was .
The big one , the one that got told over and over , was the one with the dark - at - day time .
You know , when the moon gets in the way of the sun .
At that time you can get a real good look at a star when it 's up next to the sun .
( Next to it in the sky , that is .
Not next to it for real .
You know what I mean . )
They went off and got a good look at a star that was very near the sun , and then they used a book to see just what spot that star was in .
You see , the rays from the star pass so near the sun that they get bent , on the way to us .
Old Al , his idea said just how much the rays get bent .
With Izzy , the rays get bent , too , but only by half as much .
So they took a look at the star , and they took at look at the big book , and ... well , I 'll bet you can tell me as well as I can tell you just how far off that star was .
A -yup .
And then all of us , we all just sat back and said : " Whoa . "
And then we all went back to old Al and said to him , " Al , you must have some kind of head on you , to pull an idea like that out of thin air . "
We said , " Why do n't you quit this dumb job you have here and come with us ? "
We said , " You know what , Al ?
We like you . "
[ end ]
And that is just the way it was .
( Well , that is to say , more or less . )
Oh dear me , look at the time !
Sigh .
I do know how to run on , do n't I ?
It must be well past time to turn in .
Let me show you out .
It was very nice to have you over , and I hope I was of help .
And y'all come back now , hear ?
Note : " Herb " actually refers to Hermann Minkowski .
( And " Izzy " and " Ari " are , of course , Isaac Newton and Aristotle . )
I think I know what ’s going on .
For more than a decade now , I ’ve been spending a lot of time online , searching and surfing and sometimes adding to the great databases of the Internet .
The Web has been a godsend to me as a writer .
Research that once required days in the stacks or periodical rooms of libraries can now be done in minutes .
A few Google searches , some quick clicks on hyperlinks , and I ’ve got the telltale fact or pithy quote I was after .
Even when I ’m not working , I ’m as likely as not to be foraging in the Web ’s info - thickets — reading and writing e-mails , scanning headlines and blog posts , watching videos and listening to podcasts , or just tripping from link to link to link .
( Unlike footnotes , to which they ’re sometimes likened , hyperlinks do n’t merely point to related works ; they propel you toward them . )
For me , as for others , the Net is becoming a universal medium , the conduit for most of the information that flows through my eyes and ears and into my mind .
The advantages of having immediate access to such an incredibly rich store of information are many , and they ’ve been widely described and duly applauded .
“ The perfect recall of silicon memory , ” Wired ’s Clive Thompson has written , “ can be an enormous boon to thinking . ”
But that boon comes at a price .
As the media theorist Marshall McLuhan pointed out in the 1960s , media are not just passive channels of information .
They supply the stuff of thought , but they also shape the process of thought .
And what the Net seems to be doing is chipping away my capacity for concentration and contemplation .
My mind now expects to take in information the way the Net distributes it : in a swiftly moving stream of particles .
Once I was a scuba diver in the sea of words .
Now I zip along the surface like a guy on a Jet Ski .
I ’m not the only one .
When I mention my troubles with reading to friends and acquaintances — literary types , most of them — many say they ’re having similar experiences .
The more they use the Web , the more they have to fight to stay focused on long pieces of writing .
Some of the bloggers I follow have also begun mentioning the phenomenon .
Scott Karp , who writes a blog about online media , recently confessed that he has stopped reading books altogether .
“ I was a lit major in college , and used to be [ a ] voracious book reader , ” he wrote .
“ What happened ? ” He speculates on the answer : “ What if I do all my reading on the web not so much because the way I read has changed , i.e .
I ’m just seeking convenience , but because the way I THINK has changed ? ”
Bruce Friedman , who blogs regularly about the use of computers in medicine , also has described how the Internet has altered his mental habits .
“ I now have almost totally lost the ability to read and absorb a longish article on the web or in print , ” he wrote earlier this year .
A pathologist who has long been on the faculty of the University of Michigan Medical School , Friedman elaborated on his comment in a telephone conversation with me .
His thinking , he said , has taken on a “ staccato ” quality , reflecting the way he quickly scans short passages of text from many sources online .
“ I ca n’t read War and Peace anymore , ” he admitted .
“ I ’ve lost the ability to do that .
Even a blog post of more than three or four paragraphs is too much to absorb .
I skim it . ”
Ed note : we 're having a few technical difficulties here , so we 're highlighting a few best - of posts starting with this terrific one from Kara .
Enjoy !
Things do n't always work out as planned in Television Land .
A snappy catchphrase , an adorable mannerism , a bodacious bust line " ¦there 's no telling what might capture the audience 's attention .
The problem is , it often comes at the expense of another actor .
1. The Fonz Upstages Opie
The idea for a sitcom set in the 1950s was inspired by a vignette on the 1970s anthology series Love , American Style .
One year after " Love and the Happy Days "  aired , Ron Howard starred in the blockbuster film American Graffiti , which solidified his ability to play a retro-teenager .
Howard had previously played " Opie "  on The Andy Griffith Show , and with his recent film triumph under his belt , it was clear that he was the intended star of Happy Days .
But the producers were caught by surprise when Fonzie , portrayed by Henry Winkler , who was only an occasional character during the first season started getting a substantial amount of press .
Suddenly " Ayyyy "  was on everyone 's lips and you could n't walk past a storefront without seeing some sort of Fonz replica giving the ol ' thumbs up .
The ABC brass even suggested changing the name of the show to Fonzie 's Happy Days , but Henry Winkler himself vehemently opposed such a change .
In fact , Henry has always staunchly credited the success of Happy Days to the work of entire cast , particularly Ron Howard and Tom Bosley .
2. Alex P. Keaton 's Hostile Takeover
When Gary David Goldberg was casting Family Ties , a sitcom about liberal 60s - era parents raising 80s - era children , he envisioned Matthew Broderick for the role of Alex P. Keaton .
But Broderick did n't want to leave New York for a long - term project , so Goldberg was left at square one .
At the urging of a casting director , he gave a young Canadian actor named Michael J. Fox a second screen test , and reluctantly hired him ( his infamous comment at the time about Fox was " There 's a face you 'll never see on a lunch box . "  )
Much to everyone 's surprise , Michael J. Fox had that on - screen charisma that quickly made him an audience favorite ; he could deliver the most extreme right - wing political rhetoric and make it palatable because he was so darned cute .
Meredith Baxter - Birney was miffed , because her understanding when she signed on for Family Ties was that the parents would be the focus of the series .
But teen magazine profiles and posters can have a unique impact on a celebrity 's " Q - factor , "  and soon many of the show 's plots revolved around Alex .
During the taping of the episode where Alex lost his virginity , the audience 's laughter went on so long that the show ran 12 minutes overtime .
Goldberg was standing backstage with Baxter - Birney at the time and commented , " If you want to leave the show , I 'll understand . " 
3. Jack Tripper Gets Bested by a Blonde
When Three 's Company was being cast , John Ritter was the only actor hired who any sort of name recognition , having played the Reverend Fordwick on The Waltons .
Luckily , he also had a knack for slapstick comedy , and managed to make the most out of what was basically a one - joke role ( a closet heterosexual living platonically with two beautiful young women ) .
But even though Ritter was the acknowledged star of the show ( and won an Emmy Award for his portrayal of Jack Tripper ) , it was Suzanne Somers who got her picture on all the magazine covers and had her own mega - selling poster .
Actually , as soon as Somers landed the role of Chrissy , she contacted powerhouse manager Jay Bernstein and begged him to take her on as a client .
She wanted to be " bigger than Farrah , "  and although ( according to Somers ) Bernstein questioned her looks and her talent , he was impressed by her passion , and agreed to manage her .
Of course , it probably helped that Somers also pledged to give him every penny of her salary from the first six episodes of Three 's Company .
Nevertheless , thanks to Bernstein 's savvy promotion , soon every episode of Three 's Company , no matter what the plot , focused heavily on Chrissy prancing around in tight T - shirts and short - shorts .
4. Yes , Urkel Did That
Family Matters was officially a spin-off of Perfect Strangers ( Harriette Winslow was the elevator operator at the Chicago Chronicle ) .
The show was supposed to focus on the everyday trials and tribulations of a department store employee , her police officer husband , and their three children .
Midway through Season One , their nerdy neighbor Steve Urkel ( portrayed by Jaleel White ) appeared , oversized glasses , suspenders , high - rise pants , squeaky voice and all .
Urkel was originally intended as a one - episode character , but after White 's initial appearance , studio audiences started chanting " Urkel ! Urkel ! "  during subsequent tapings .
Several first - season episodes were hastily re-written in order to feature the whiny - voiced , clumsy character .
Interestingly enough , Jaleel
White had been acting ( mostly in commercials ) since the age of three , and just prior to being cast as Urkel had told his mother that he wanted to quit the business in order to play JV basketball when he entered high school the next fall .
5. Mr. Kotter 's Lukewarm Welcome ( in comparison to John Travolta )
Veteran comic writer Alan Sacks had seen stand - up comic Gabe Kaplan 's act a few times and thought that there might be a viable sitcom to be mined out of Kaplan 's tales of his days in remedial high school classes .
When previewing Welcome Back , Kotter in front of test audiences , network brass noted that John Travolta ( whose character was then known as " Eddie Barbarina "  ) elicited unsolicited random squeals from the crowd and decided on the strength of a possible teen heartthrob plus Kaplan 's jokes to green light the series .
Travolta , for his part , did n't discourage the Tiger Beat aspect of his fame , but he also craved acceptance as a bona fide actor , and he spent much of his Kotter salary on a high - priced agent , who landed him progressively larger film roles , from The Boy in the Plastic Bubble , to Carrie , to Saturday Night Fever .
By the fourth ( and ultimately final ) season of Welcome Back , Kotter , John Travolta was billed as a " special guest star "  and appeared in less than half of that season 's episodes .
Daily Headlines MARIJUANA : PROHIBITION FAILING ; LEGALIZING COULD BE TAX BOON by Dan Linn , ( Source : Rockford Register Star )
More News Select a State See Map Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia FEDERAL Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Check State Laws
Share This Article
Illinois
-------
Are people really afraid of legalizing marijuana ?
I cannot understand why it is such a crazy idea to let people consume cannabis .
People can get drunk all they want , and humanity keeps moving right along .
Of course , there was a time when the country outlawed alcohol consumption , and that failed miserably .
Sure Al Capone enjoyed the lucrative aspect of alcohol prohibition , but that prohibition failed and cannabis prohibition has failed for the same reasons .
Abuse of cannabis is detrimental , but there is a difference between use and abuse .
Most people who use cannabis are responsible and have a job , just like those who use alcohol .
If cannabis were regulated like alcohol , there would still be cannabis abuse like there is alcohol abuse , but how bad could cannabis abuse really be for society ?
[ Read More ] Share This Article
Pubdate : Sun , 6 Jan 2008
Source : Rockford Register Star ( IL )
Copyright : 2008 GateHouse Media , Inc
Contact : http://www.rrstar.com/contact
Website : http://www.rrstar.com/
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/370
Author : Dan Linn
Note : Dan Linn of Sycamore is executive director of Illinois NORML .
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/pot.htm
( Marijuana )
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/decrim.htm
( Decrim / Legalization )
Former welterweight Luis Resto has acknowledged that the beating he gave the late Billy Collins Jr. in 1983 -- in which , over 10 rounds , he pounded Collins with tampered gloves that each had two inches of padding removed -- was even worse than previously believed .
Resto , at a news conference on Thursday in New York , acknowledged that the tape used to wrap his hands in that fight had been soaked in plaster of Paris , giving him a pair of hardened casts underneath his unpadded gloves .
Collins suffered from blurred vision and depression after the June 16 , 1983 fight .
He died in a car accident about nine months later .
The admission , which Resto made to Collins ' widow , Andrea Collins - Nile , last year during the filming of a documentary about the scandal , has led to a motion to re-open a civil suit against the State of New York over its failure to prevent the beating .
The legal filing was also announced Thursday .
Eric Drath , who directed " Cornered , " the documentary about the fight and its tragic aftermath , said it was a " heinous and tragic crime " that needed to be retold , according to The ( Nashville ) Tennessean .
" It happened in a much more brutal way " than had previously believed , Drath said .
" Worse than bare knuckles , it was plaster . "
Pixeltown
By stridenoble Watch
6 K Favourites 1K Comments 197K Views
This piece is the largest work i have done to date and it took me 2 years to complete on and off .
www.s-nd.com
info@s-nd.com
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 2835x900px 1.99 MB Show More
Published : Jan 19 , 2006
Long before Homer wrote the Iliad , the real - life progenitors of the epic poem 's characters might have visited a small outpost on the Greek coast .
Archaeologists have discovered a spectacularly preserved ancient harbor town of the Mycenaeans , the civilization on which many ancient Greek legends were based .
Though the settlement was built 3,500 years ago , hundreds of walls are still standing .
The site , which is partially underwater , lies along a rocky , isolated stretch of shoreline .
Scientists suspect it may have been built as a military outpost .
" This is really a remarkable find , " said Daniel Pullen , an archaeologist at Florida State University who discovered the site .
" It is rare indeed to locate an entire town built during the Late Bronze Age that shows this level of preservation . "
Unusually intact
The site is unique because the remains of most Mycenaean towns are completely buried by now under a few millennia 's worth of dirt and detritus .
This one stands above ground , with many walls incredibly intact .
" Usually to excavate Mycenaean buildings you have to dig underground , " Pullen told LiveScience .
" What we have here is the plan of an entire town preserved for us .
We have the fortification wall , we have all these buildings , and we can often see where the doorways would be .
We can see how the buildings relate to each other , because we have obvious alleyways and streets . "
When Pullen and his team first inspected the walls at the site , they counted more than 900 of them , he said .
The structures are mostly aligned along a grid , leading scientists to think the city was built all at once , as opposed to gradually over time , which would likely result in a more random arrangement of buildings .
" We think it was built for a specific purpose , " Pullen said .
" We have evidence that there were a few people at this site for a long time before .
Then at some particular point people came in and established this as a new outpost or maybe a naval or military base .
And they brought their engineers and builders with them and constructed the main part of the site all at once . "
Another clue that the city was a military base is the lack of agricultural evidence at the site , and the fact that there is probably not even enough farmable land nearby to support the number of people the scientists think lived there .
Trojan War heroes ?
Pullen and his team call the settlement Korphos - Kalamianos .
It lies on the coast of the Saronic Gulf in the western Aegean Sea about 60 miles ( 100 km ) southwest of Athens , and about 40 miles ( 65 km ) east of Mycenae , one of the major Mycenaean capitals when Korphos - Kalamianos was active .
The Mycenaean civilization thrived in Greece from 1600 to 1100 B.C. , and served as the historical setting of Homer 's epics and many ancient Greek myths .
Although historians debate whether or not the Trojan War was a real event ( many think the stories of Helen of Troy and the Trojan horse are likely myths ) , if it did occur , it would have been shortly after Korphos - Kalamianos was built .
Mycenaeans were mostly peasants , ruled by a royal warrior class .
" There were a number of wealthy nobles beneath the king who owned land and were involved in various economic activities , " Pullen said .
" The majority of people were involved in agriculture .
We know from the Mycenaean tablets that the palace was very interested in sheep to produce wool for fine textiles , and they produced lots of olive oil and lots of wine for feasts . "
Though Korphos - Kalamianos did not seem to have a palace , many of the structures were built in palace - style architecture , leading the scientists to think that nobles or representatives of the King would have stayed there .
Perhaps the site was an official outpost of the palace at Mycenae , Pullen suggested .
Underwater secrets
The researchers have a few hypotheses for why the city is so well preserved and why the walls are still above ground .
Perhaps earthquake activity shook off most of the land covering the ruins over the years , Pullen said .
Or maybe farming in the area caused soil to erode , leaving the buildings exposed .
To further probe the mysteries of the lost seaside town , the research team plans to take underwater measurements of the surface of the ocean floor near Korphos - Kalamianos to reconstruct the shape of the coastline during the Late Bronze Age .
The archaeologists think the area once had a useful natural harbor , which was probably the lure of the site in the first place .
Pullen first discovered the ruins in 2001 and recently discussed his findings in a presentation to the annual meeting of the Archaeological Institute of America in January 2008 .
An attempt to stop homosexual women calling themselves lesbians begins in Athens today with a court hearing that comes amid growing national debate over gay rights in one of Europe 's most socially conservative countries .
The hearing has been initiated by plaintiffs on the Aegean island of Lesbos , who say they are unhappy that gay women have " usurped " a term that locals claim should have only geographical connotations .
" We are very upset that , worldwide , women who like women have appropriated the name of our island , " said Dimitris Lambrou , a magazine publisher who is one of those bringing the complaint with other islanders .
" Until 1924 , according to the Oxford English dictionary , a Lesbian was a native of our isle , " he said .
" Now , because of its new connotations , our womenfolk are unable to call themselves such and that is wrong . "
The hearing coincides with a highly charged national debate over gay rights .
Lambrou insists he has " nothing against lesbians " who flock to Eressos - a resort on the island that is famed as the birthplace of the 5th century BC poet Sappho - and whose contribution to the local economy has been considerable .
But human rights campaigners say the court action has been motivated by barely disguised homophobia in a nation that remains reluctant to accept gay people .
" No other group faces such discrimination in this country , " said Grigoris Valianatos , a long - time homosexual rights advocate .
" The [ Orthodox ] church is literally out of control in its approach towards us , the media full of hate speech and the conservative government both hypocritical and indifferent , " he said .
" This trial is a reflection of the homophobia that prevails in Greece . "
On Saturday police intervened when members of the far - right Golden Dawn group attacked gay pride marchers in the biggest ever Gay Pride parade in Athens .
Thousands of supporters marched through the capital chanting " it is our right " , but were pelted with eggs , flour and yoghurt by the group .
The increased visibility of gay people - including the first marriages between two lesbians and two gay men last week - has been met with consternation by some , with the ruling conservatives holding emergency talks to deal with the issue .
Unlike most other EU member states , where same - sex couples are accorded a degree of civil rights , lesbians and gay people in Greece have fought an uphill battle for acceptance .
While their ancient forebears immortalised their homoeroticism , modern Greeks have taken a dimmer view of publicising their sexual orientation .
To date no politician of any persuasion has come out .
Defying EU directives , the Greek military remains opposed to accepting gay people in its ranks .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Senator John McCain , who seeks endorsements from haters of Roman Catholics , is alleging that Hamas has “ endorsed ” Barack Obama .
He darkly suggests that this means something .
It is a despicable , dirty campaign trick .
Who do you think the Ku Klux Klan will be endorsing ?
And if the Grand Dragons plump for McCain , does that tell us anything about McCain except that he is pasty faced ?
You ca n’t logically read off anything at all from an unsolicited endorsement .
Actually it occurred to me to ask who is endorsing McCain in the Muslim world .
Well , it turns out that al -
Qaeda No. 2 Ayman al - Zawahiri has declared that he is actually on McCain ’s side in wanting to destroy Iran .
Al - Zawahiri is hurt that McCain keeps confusing hyper -Sunni al - Qaeda with radical Shiism : “ Ayman al - Zawahiri said al - Qaeda wants to see the destruction of Iran – a Shiite nation battling the terrorists . . .
“ The dispute between America and Iran is a genuine struggle , and the possibility of the US striking Iran is real , ” al - Zawahiri said . . . ”
Al - Zawahiri hopes that the US struggle with Iran will destroy the latter and weaken the former , putting al - Qaeda in a position to administer the coup de grace .
In essence , al - Zawahiri is endorsing McCain ’s plan to “ bomb , bomb , bomb / bomb , bomb Iran . ”
Then , it turns out that 8 percent of Pakistanis support McCain. 30 percent support Hillary Clinton , and she leads in this Muslim country over Obama ( 13 % ) .
But surely it is Pakistani liberals who are favoring Hillary , the sort people who supported Benazir Bhutto .
So which Pakistanis are supporting McCain ?
Presumably the conservative Muslims who ca n’t accept the leadership of a woman .
And would n’t some of those be , like , part of the so - called ‘ transcendent challenge ’ ?
But lets consider the people from whom McCain has actively sought an endorsement .
Many of them seem to engage in a lot of hate speech against Catholics , Muslims and others .
John McCain ’s spiritual guides :
John Hagee , whose endorsement John McCain actively sought , compares the Roman Catholic Church to Hitler and depicts it as drinking the blood of the Jews through history :
John McCain praised Rod Parsely as a spiritual guide ; he is caught on camera below :
Parseley accuses the federal government of enabling a genocide against African - Americans .
Surprise !
NVIDIA has officially unleashed its new GeForce GTX 280 and GTX 260 graphics cards .
The GTX 280 , NVIDIA 's flagship model , is reportedly 50 % faster than last year 's 8800 GX2 when in its overclocked AMP !
Edition , and it is loaded with around twice as many transistors as the 9800 .
The new single - chip processor packs some serious number crunching , such as a 142 GB /s memory bandwidth with a 512 - bit memory interface .
Other final specs look to include 1GB GDDR3 memory , two Dual Link DVI connectors , and , of course , an overclocked chipset .
In short , it 's the fastest graphics card you can get .
Do n't go nuts just yet , though -- the GTX280 with 1GB of RAM will run you a cool $ 649 .
The lower - end GTX 260 with 896MB is a more palatable $ 399 .
GTX280 availability starts tomorrow , and GTX 260s will hit the streets on June 26 .
And to finally put this joke to rest :
Yes , they will run Crysis . [ Via CNET
Less than two months after celebrating his 18th birthday , a blind , East Boston - based phone hacker has been arrested for paying a Sunday afternoon visit to the Verizon security officer who ’d been chasing him .
Matthew Weigman , known on the telephone chat lines as Li’l Hacker , is charged in federal court in Dallas with obstruction of justice after he was picked up by local police in Amherst , New Hampshire over Memorial Day weekend .
Weigman allegedly persuaded a friend to drive him and his brother 66 miles to the home of William Smith , a Verizon security investigator who ’d been monitoring Weigman ’s hacking and phoning in updates to the FBI .
Smith was outside doing yard work when the three men drove up , according to an FBI affidavit .
Weigman introduced himself and said he wanted to talk to Smith , who instead went inside and called the police .
While the circumstances are bizarre , Weigman ’s arrest comes as little surprise .
As we reported last February , the FBI has been investigating the hacker since he was 15 - years - old , at times courting him as an informant .
Weigman is widely considered one of the best active phone hackers alive .
Relying on an ironclad memory and detailed knowledge of the phone system , he uses social engineering to manipulate phone company workers and others into divulging confidential information , and into entering commands into computers and telephone switching equipment on his behalf .
" I ’ve been interested in phones since I ’ve been about 8 , " Weigman said in an interview last year .
" I talked to technicians when they came down here to do things on my phone . "
Weigman was a juvenile when the FBI ’s Dallas office rounded up five party line associates of his who specialized in " swatting " — a mean hoax in which they used Caller ID spoofing to phone fake hostage crises into police dispatch centers , getting their enemies raided by armed cops .
Four members of the swatting gang have been sentenced to prison terms between 30 months and five years .
The girlfriend of one member has pleaded guilty to conspiracy charges , and is awaiting sentencing .
The FBI says the group made hundreds of false emergency calls , resulting in at least one injury , and some victims being evicted or fired from their jobs .
" I will shoot . " Listen to the Colorado Springs hostage hoax .
Disconnecting a phone .
Audio of Matthew Weigman at work .
Weigman is suspected of gathering information , like unlisted phone numbers , the swatters used to make some calls .
He ’s also suspected of personally making a 2005 swatting call that sent police to the Colorado home of Richard Gasper , a TSA screener whose daughter refused phone sex with Weigman .
Weigman was 15 at the time .
When the FBI eventually caught up with him more than a year later , FBI cyber crime agent Allyn Lynd offered to make him a confidential informant .
But Lynd called off the deal when AT&T discovered that Weigman was still manipulating the phone company .
The agent later told a police detective that Weigman could n’t stop hacking for more than 72 hours .
Those who know Weigman from the party lines agreed , and predicted that turning 18 would not deter the youth from his hacking , despite the risk that he could be charged as an adult .
According to a May 22 affidavit ( .pdf ) by Lynd , they were right .
In April , the month he reached adulthood , Verizon noticed that Weigman had used the name and identifying information of a Texas woman to turn on phone service at the East Boston apartment he shares with his mother and siblings .
When Smith disconnected the fraudulent account , Weigman turned it back on again .
Then Weigman allegedly began making harassing phone calls to Smith at his house .
To trick the security worker into picking up the phone , the hacker allegedly social engineered phone company employees into sharing Smith ’s billing records in near - real time , then used Caller ID spoofing to make Smith think someone was returning his own calls .
" For example , Smith would call a travel agency to arrange for a flight , " Lynd writes .
" A few minutes later , he would receive a phone call which appeared to be coming from the travel agency that he had just booked a flight through .
When Smith answered the phone , Weigman would begin harassing him again . "
Smith began complaining about the harassment to Lynd , the FBI agent who busted the swatting crew , and has been investigating Weigman for nearly two years .
Smith told the agent that he was worried that Weigman was preparing to send a SWAT team to his house , and that he was warning the local police so " there would be less chance of accidental injury . "
Instead , on May 18 , Weigman showed up at his house personally .
According to the FBI , Smith believed he was in danger of having more than his phone disconnected .
" Smith told me that he felt threatened with physical violence by Weigman , despite Weigman being blind , " Lynd wrote , " because Weigman had arrived at Smith ’s house without invitation , had arrived with two people , include Weigman ’s brother , who was very large and intimidating , he knew Weigman was blind and must therefore have gone to great lengths to arrange for someone to drive him to Smith ’s house , that Weigman was not supposed to know where he lived , and that Weigman had arrived in the middle of a Sunday . "
When the cops showed up , Weigman allegedly told them that he was visiting Smith because the Verizon officer had been harassing him as part of a " vendetta " against Weigman .
Jeff Daniels , Weigman ’s longtime hacking mentor , says he does n’t think Weigman planned to hurt anybody .
" What ’s … a blind kid really going to do ?
I do n’t think that they had any kind of malicious intent overtly , " he says .
Sean Paul Benton drove the car , and is also charged in the case .
Weigman ’s brother is not charged .
Weigman is being held at the Plymouth County Jail in Massachusetts .
A bail hearing is set for Tuesday morning .
His attorney did not return a phone call Monday .
Daniels says Weigman — as expected — did not quit phone hacking when he turned 18 .
" Even after his birthday he was still doing little silly stuff , " he says .
" I had pretty much washed my hands .
I still love the kid , but I washed my hands of him . "
See Also :
George Bush flies into London today with a warning for Gordon Brown not to announce a timetable for a British pull - out from Iraq , and expressing deep scepticism about the Prime Minister 's high - profile strategy for bringing down world oil prices .
The stern message to the Prime Minister was delivered during an exclusive interview with The Observer , and contrasted with praise for Tony Blair whom Bush is scheduled to meet for breakfast tomorrow ahead of talks in Downing Street .
Bush said Blair had never been his ' poodle ' , but a leader who shared his view that the world is in an ' ideological struggle ' and that ' ultimately freedom has to defeat the ideology of hate ' .
The President 's comments on Brown 's Iraq troop plans followed a report last week that a final British pull - out could be announced by the end of the year .
The President revealed that he had already had ' discussions ' with Brown on the troops issue and was ' appreciative ' that Brown was in frequent touch with the Americans about ' what he and his military are thinking ' .
But while he said both allies obviously wanted to bring their troops home , this could only be ' based upon success ' .
On the reported possibility of a formal timetable for major reductions , Bush was unequivocal : ' Our answer is : there should be no definitive timetable . '
He pointedly noted that Brown had retreated last year on the scale of an earlier planned pullout - and that Britain still had 4,200 soldiers in Iraq rather than the projected 3,500 .
' I am confident that he , like me , will listen to our commanders to make sure that the sacrifices that have gone forward wo n't be unravelled by draw - downs that may not be warranted at this point in time .
I look forward to discussing it with him .'
The President made clear that , while he did not want to ' second - guess ' how other leaders handled their ' internal business ' , he would not be following Brown 's lead in calling a voter who opposed the war and apologising ' for what happened to the people of Iraq ' .
Bush said he felt personal ' pain ' over the casualties in Iraq - whether of allied troops or innocent civilians .
But it was important to put the fact that ' some of the Iraqi people have suffered ' in a broader context .
He said American and British troops were not ' intentionally killing innocent people ' , that large numbers had been deliberately killed by Saddam in the years before the war , and that Iraqis were now living under an elected government in a ' free society ' .
The President also reacted coolly to Brown 's suggestion of a series of international conferences - beginning with a Saudi - hosted meeting of producer and consumer nations on Sunday - to tackle rising world oil prices .
Bush called it an ' interesting idea ' , but warned against expectations of any major short - term improvement and made it clear he had no plans to go .
' I 'm going to go home and take a look at what it all means and I 'll decide who 's going to attend on our behalf , ' Bush said .
He had already been urging King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia to increase production .
But he said : ' There 's no magic wand .
It took us a while to get to where we are .
It 's going to take us a while to get out of it .
And the truth of the matter is that there 's either got to be more supply or less demand .
And demand does n't decline overnight ' - particularly with ' big consumers of hydrocarbons ' such as China ' subsidising their populations ' .
Bush 's comments during the wide - ranging interview , at the US ambassador 's residence in Rome , underlined a shift from the administration 's primary ' special relationship ' with Britain in favour of a wider range of European partnerships including Germany , Italy and France - all of which recently elected broadly pro-American leaders .
He delivered a major policy address during his final presidential trip to Europe not in Britain , but France - which he called America 's ' first friend ' .
He cited a quartet of European leaders - ' Berlusconi and Brown and Merkel and Sarkozy ' - in signalling a more ' powerful and purposeful Europe ' in closer international alliance with the US .
During the 40 - minute interview Bush said Iran 's nuclear programme was the single greatest international threat .
His goal was to win European backing for tougher economic sanctions and head off a nuclear arms race in the Middle East .
He welcomed ' discussions ' on climate change , and said he would use next month 's G8 summit to press other leaders to deliver on a pledge to match billions of dollars in US aid to fight HIV - Aids and malaria .
The Urban Homestead : Your Guide to Self - sufficient Living in the Heart of the City , by Kelly Coyne and Erik Knutzen , is a delightfully readable and very useful guide to front - and back - yard vegetable gardening , food foraging , food preserving , chicken keeping , and other useful skills for anyone interested in taking a more active role in growing and preparing the food they eat .
I learned a great deal about composting , self - watering containers , mulching , raised bed gardens , vermiculture ( worm composting ) , and raising chickens by reading this info - dense book .
Unlike many self - sufficiency books , this one is n't preachy , unrealistic , or dogmatic .
Instead , it 's honest and often humorous .
Kelly and Erik ( who run the Homegrown Evolution blog ) are wonderfully lucid and accessible writers .
They also walk the walk — I visited their Los Angeles home and spent a wonder couple of hours touring their abundant vegetable gardens and henhouse filled with clownlishly entertaining chickens .
If you live in LA , you can meet Erik and Kelly at the Homegrown Evolution Book Signing and Lecture .
It 's this Thursday , June 26th at 7:30 pm at the Los Angeles Eco-Village , 117 Bimini Place , LA 90004 .
Link
How the phone - phreaking Badir brothers ran rings around Israel 's telcos for six scam - filled years .
Inside the chintz - filled living room of the Badir family 's neat and modest home , a feast of freshly roasted chicken , saffron rice , and seasoned vegetable stew perfumes the air .
Friends and relatives pour through the front door to congratulate 27 - year - old Munther " Ramy " Badir .
He 's just been released from prison after serving 47 months for computer - related crimes .
Outside , Islamic prayers resonate from speakers on a truck moving slowly down the dusty streets of Kafr Kassem .
Everyone in this Israeli village - populated mostly by Arabs - appears ecstatic to have Ramy back .
Ziv Koren / Polaris
From left : Muzher , Shadde , and Ramy Badir in the village of Kafr Kassem outside Tel Aviv .
But he does not see their smiles .
Ramy , along with two of his three brothers , has been blind since birth due to a genetic defect .
He and his sightless brothers have devoted their lives to proving they can out - think , out - program , and out - hack anyone with vision .
( Their sighted brother , Ashraf , is a baker with no tech leanings . )
They 've been remarkably successful .
Ramy says dryly , " A computer that is safe and protected is a computer stacked in a warehouse and unplugged . "
Israeli authorities agree .
The 44 charges leveled against Ramy , Muzher , and Shadde Badir in 1999 included telecommunications fraud , theft of computer data , and impersonation of a police officer .
The brothers ' six - year spree of hacking into phone systems and hijacking telephone time ended when they were convicted of stealing credit card numbers and breaking into the Israeli army radio station 's telephone system to set up an illicit phone company .
Unwitting customers - mostly Palestinians on the West Bank and Gaza Strip - paid the fake telco for long distance calls that were billed to the radio station .
A lawyer close to the case said that the Badirs ' scams pulled in more than $ 2 million .
Ramy , the leader and most technologically savvy of the brothers , was the only one sentenced to prison .
Muzher , 28 , was ordered to perform community service for six months ; Shadde , 22 , received a suspended sentence - not because he was innocent , the judge made clear , but because of his age .
Those targeted by the Badirs feel less charitable .
Yekutiel " Kuty " Lavi , a security specialist at Bezeq International , Israel 's largest telco and a frequent victim of the Badirs , angrily complains , " Every day people try to steal from us , but nobody has ever stolen from us the way the Badirs did .
When they dial , they use the middle finger . "
The Badirs pulled off Mamet - worthy phone cons , employing cell phones , Braille - display computers , ace code - writing skills , and an uncanny ability to impersonate anyone from corporate suits to sex - starved females .
On the phone , the brothers morph into verbal 007s , intimidating men , seducing women , and wheedling classified information from steely - voiced security personnel .
The phone phreakers ' term for this is social engineering : using a combination of brains and guile to obtain codes for trespassing into systems to rejigger them via strings of touch - tone code .
Combine this talent with supersensitive hearing - the brothers can dissect an international connection the way wine expert Robert Parker pulls notes from a glass of Bordeaux - and you have what BernieS , a legendary phreaker and contributor to the hacking journal 2600 , calls " a formidable skill set . "
At one point during my visit with the Badirs , I pull out my cell phone and make a call .
Before it even connects , Shadde , who is sitting across the room , recites all 12 digits perfectly .
Ramy smiles at the parlor trick .
" It used to be disgusting to be blind , " he says .
" Today , you scare people .
You possess skills that those with sight cannot possibly understand . "
Two hours into an afternoon - long interview with the Hebrew - speaking Badirs , my translator 's lips lock .
He shrugs and tells me that the Badirs have shifted into a secret code .
Ramy later explains that as kids he and Muzher developed their own language - reordering letters in mathematically complex ways - after they discovered that other boys were snooping on their conversations .
" People said that God cursed our mother by giving her three blind sons , " recalls Ramy .
" Children beat us on the backs of our legs .
Those abuses left scars on our hearts .
But they also forced us to grow stronger . "
The young Badirs closed ranks and vowed that their blindness would never be an impediment .
They taught themselves to take apart telephones , to mimic voices and verbal tics , and to get around Tel Aviv without canes or guide dogs .
They became obsessed with technology and telephones .
After encountering their first computer , in 1989 , at Tel Aviv 's Center for the Blind , Ramy and Muzher became enchanted with the IBM clones .
They hung around Tel Aviv University while working , with little success , as software and telephone consultants ; their early crimes were the phreaker equivalent of shoplifting a Hershey bar .
But Ramy was too ambitious to stop there .
" I taught myself to program in all the languages : C , C++ , Basic , Java , HTML , PHP , CGI .
I built my own black boxes , blue boxes , and red boxes , " which , respectively , circumvent billing , generate tones to place free calls , and simulate pulses triggered by money dropped into a pay phone .
" I used those boxes to get into and decode phone systems . "
In 1993 , Bezeq technicians caught the Badirs snagging telephone time for their own use .
Things quickly escalated when the brothers obtained the codes to break into PBXs - private branch exchanges - belonging to Bezeq and to the Israeli headquarters of Comverse , Intel , Nortel , and others .
PBXs are the computerized nerve centers that operate phone systems ; they are designed to be repaired , updated , and altered remotely by technicians using touch - tone codes .
" The Badirs regularly called Bezeq , pretending to be engineers in the field , " recalls Eyal Raz , who worked in the telco 's international antifraud unit from 1994 to 1999 .
" They called secretaries and said ,
' I need to get in to do a repair .
You need to give me the number and password . '
Sometimes they succeeded , or else they'd get only the number and try to break the password by using proprietary programs . "
At other times , a secretary would simply key in the code , providing what seemed like onetime access but actually enabling the brothers to hear touch tones and translate them into numbers they could then use whenever they pleased .
The three used their access to devise an elaborate moneymaking scheme .
According to Raz , during the mid-1990s the brothers made a deal with a phone sex outfit based in the Dominican Republic .
They would be paid for driving calls to the service .
The Badirs made the calls themselves , but the lines were rigged so that Comverse and Nortel were billed by the phone sex service .
At the time there were no computer crime laws in Israel , so Bezeq took it upon itself to try to short - circuit the Badirs .
" At one point I asked an engineer to block three lines that the Badirs had opened up for themselves , " recalls Raz .
" They knew that I had put the blocks on .
So a couple days later , one of them phoned the engineer and said , ' This is Eyal Raz .
Please unblock those three lines . '
The engineer , who knew my voice , believed it was me .
He unblocked the lines . "
Raz shakes his head , showing grudging admiration .
" These are very clever boys . "
In 1995 , the Badirs turned their attention to a business closer to home .
Their target was Israeli phone sex mogul Ben Zion " Bency " Levy , who maintained a database of thousands of customer credit card numbers .
Ramy and his brothers went to work on Levy 's secretary , patiently convincing her to provide the information that would allow them to unlock the credit card numbers and PINs .
" We knew to approach her gently and break through her psychological barrier , " says Muzher . " We had her tell us clues that would lead to the password of her boss 's computer . "
" I figured out the personality of her boss , learned the numbers that were meaningful to him , and used those numbers to get into his system remotely , " says Ramy .
In the end , the Badirs seized some 20,000 credit card numbers - and , after being confronted by Levy , caused all of his telephones to ring continuously with no caller on the other end of the line .
Ziv Koren / Polaris
During the chase , investigator David Osmo began to get huge bills for calls he never made .
In 1996 , Levy reported the scam to Israel 's National Fraud Unit .
The following year , a file of Badir - related complaints - including Levy's - landed on the desk of David Osmo , an investigator with Israel 's national police force .
Osmo met with Ramy and recalls being amazed at the speed of the young man 's fingers on a phone keypad when he made a call .
" I told him he is a smart person who should use his intelligence for good things , " Osmo says .
" Return back to society , " he urged .
Ramy remembers his response to Osmo : " You can chase me for 20 years and you will not find anything to convict me on . "
The Israeli Army Radio Station is guarded as if it were a military base .
Occupying four floors of a dirty white building on a busy two - lane street in Jaffa , the station is protected 24/ 7 by a half - dozen armed recruits .
In 1998 , the brothers joined forces with a group of Jewish and Arab scam artists and targeted the station , intending to hijack phone lines and sell call time on them .
Though they were convicted of participating in the scheme , the brothers deny they were involved .
Ramy is nonetheless willing to speak knowledgeably about the con .
" These were among the most protected lines in the Middle East , " says Ramy .
" They had a lot of scrambling , and big technology is required in order to get in . "
Why an army outpost ?
" Those lines can not be tapped by the police , so there is no monitoring , " explains Ramy .
" These are the safest lines on which to do something like this . "
Authorities maintain that Ramy broke into the army radio station 's phone system and activated a dormant function called direct inward systems access , which allows long distance calls to be placed remotely and charged to that particular phone account .
He structured the DISA so that as many as 281 people would be able to make telephone calls simultaneously on that single line .
Once the long distance access was in place , the Badirs ' partners set up a switchboard inside a shack in an orange grove in Jaffa .
Voilé , instant phone company .
Customers placed calls from kiosks along the Gaza Strip , from cloned cell phones , or directly from their homes ; these were routed from the switchboard to the radio station 's DISA .
The Badirs and their partners billed customers for the calls , while the actual costs were absorbed by the radio station .
It was n't long before the station realized its bills were excessive and contacted Bezeq .
The company 's security specialists joined with the Israeli national police in an investigation .
They raided the orange grove , arresting several low - level workers at the shack .
Only after one of them mentioned that the lines had been set up by blind technicians , says one source close to police , did the probe turn to the Badirs .
At the time , Ramy and his brothers were already in the crosshairs .
Suspects in numerous telecommunication crimes , their home phone was frequently tapped by the national police .
They reviewed the tap transcripts and spent a year investigating the brothers , hoping to find incontrovertible links between them and the pirate phone company .
An intense cat - and - mouse game developed : the Badirs on one side , with fraud investigator David Osmo and prosecutor Doron Porat on the other .
While Porat was working on the case , his car 's GPS system and email were repeatedly hacked .
" There was a message waiting for him with his password in it , " says Ramy , sounding quite pleased .
" After that , he changed his password every hour before giving up on email altogether and using a typewriter . "
The brothers reportedly contacted Israel 's DMV and registered Osmo's car under another name , causing embarrassing problems for the investigator when he tried to sell his vehicle .
" The police experienced bad luck , " notes Ramy .
" Their telephone systems went down , their computers developed bugs .
Osmo got big bills for calls that he had n't made .
He believed we were always listening in on him .
Sometimes Osmo spoke on the telephone and other calls came across the line as he tried to talk . "
Ramy smiles devilishly .
" He found that to be very annoying . "
Ironically , even as they knew the degree to which they were being pursued , the Badirs did not show a lot of restraint over the telephone .
" This was our mistake , " admits Ramy , who believed that some of his phone lines were secure .
" We knew the police were chasing us and trying to catch us .
Our overconfidence led us to think they would never do it . "
On June 14 , 1999 , 14 police officers raided the brothers ' home in Kafr Kassem .
Though they found a safe containing more than $ 14,000 worth of Jordanian dinars , investigators did not uncover an expected treasure trove of hardware , software , and notes in Braille .
" It 's all in our heads , " asserts Ramy .
" The police took my laptop , which contained programs for running through thousands of numbers very quickly , but I had it designed to erase everything on the hard drive if it was opened by somebody other than me .
They lost all the material . "
Ramy , Muzher , and Shadde were arrested on a variety of charges relating to computer fraud in connection with their hacks of the radio station and Bency Levy 's phone sex operation .
Police took them from their home in wrist and leg cuffs , but even in custody , they could not help but show off by conversing in their secret language and announcing telephone numbers that were being keyed in by law enforcers .
" When Doron Porat stood next to me , " adds Ramy , " he took the battery out of his cell phone . "
Ramy was jailed throughout the trial , which dragged on for 27 months and took the prosecutors way beyond their depth of technological expertise .
Porat and his team eventually quit trying to explain how the Badirs did what they'd been charged with and focused instead on simply proving they did commit acts like breaking into a phone company switchboard .
In her November 2001 ruling , judge Saviona Rotlevi went easy on Muzher and Shadde but found Ramy guilty of 20 counts concerning Israeli cyberlaw , 4 counts of telecom law violation , and 15 counts of other crimes .
The judge sentenced him to 65 months in prison .
Among his restrictions :
All of his calls were to be made with the assistance of a guard so that he would never touch a telephone keypad .
After nearly four years behind bars , Ramy was released when a judge ruled he 'd served enough time .
He marks his second day of freedom by repairing with Muzher and Shadde to a small café on the edge of Kafr Kassem .
Inside , the brothers order bottles of orange juice and three water pipes .
They puff deeply , releasing plumes of fruity - smelling tobacco smoke .
Despite his years in prison , Ramy appears to have no financial worries .
Upon arriving home , he promptly ordered a $ 20,000 Braille - display computer from Germany .
He also spent a couple of hours checking on the construction of his new four - story house .
Workers broke ground on it while he was still in prison ; completion was scheduled to coincide with his original release date .
It 's a sprawling , solid - looking place , situated on a prime corner lot in the center of Kafr Kassem .
The top floor will be a high tech penthouse where Ramy can hatch his next move .
And what will that be ?
Ramy claims a couple of juicy software programs that he began developing in prison are in the pipeline .
" I am inventing a PBX firewall , " he says .
" I know all the weakest spots of a telephone system .
I can protect any system from infiltration . "
Ramy insists there are major companies interested in his new software .
He talks about big money and big meetings .
But he refuses to show what he 's working on and wo n't name anybody who 's backing him .
One person who sounds perfectly game to be involved is the brothers ' old nemesis Eyal Raz .
" If he can build that , he 'll become a billionaire , " predicts Raz , who now works for a Tel Aviv - based phone security firm called ECtel .
" The Badirs know so much and are so talented that I would happily use them as consultants . "
Ramy insists he has outgrown the scams : " I am going to the other side , coming up with devices that will keep the phreakers out . "
You want to believe him , you really do .
Maybe it's the truth .
Or maybe it's a sweet bit of social engineering designed to generate positive press and position the Badir brothers for their next spree .
Chilli the giant bull is set to stampede into the record books as Britain 's tallest bovine .
The black and white Freisan bullock is 1.9 m ( 6ft 6 in ) tall and weighs more than a tonne .
He dwarfs most horses , is the same height as a small elephant and casts a shadow over his cattle companions .
However , nine - year - old Chilli grazes just on grass and enjoys the occasional swede as a treat at his home at the Ferne Animal Sanctuary in Chard , Somerset , where he was dumped at six days old .
Staff have applied to the Guinness World Records book .
Manager Naomi Clarke said : ' As Chilli grew up , we began noticing he was bigger than our other cows .
He is a very friendly and gentle cow so we hope he manages to break the record – he deserves it . '
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Two people who helped rescue 15 hostages from Colombian rebels posed as journalists from a real Venezuela - based television news organization , Colombia 's defense minister said Wednesday .
Former hostage Ingrid Betancourt with Colombian Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos after her release .
Two of the nine rescuers assumed the roles of journalist and cameraman from the news organization TeleSUR during the daring rescue , Juan Manuel Santos said .
An actual doctor and nurse also took part in the bloodless mission , along with members of the Colombian military who pretended to be an Italian , an Australian , an Arab , a Cuban and a Dominican , he said .
TeleSUR is based in Venezuela and primarily funded by that country 's government , but also receives funding from other Latin American countries .
" The supposed journalist had a microphone that said ' TeleSUR , ' " Santos said .
" I do n't know if it was the same one or a different one . "
Operation Check snatched 15 hostages from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia by duping the rebels into believing that they were releasing the hostages to a humanitarian organization that would bring them to another rebel camp .
The actors " were drilled 24 hours per day in their own script " for the operation , Santos said , which freed former presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt , three American military contractors and 11 Colombian law enforcement members .
" They set up a facade of a false humanitarian organization , and they had to learn their lines , " Santos said .
" If they were caught or were asked and they did not respond correctly , they were dead . "
The move also brought the capture of two rebels .
TeleSUR 's general director of information , Armando Jimenez , said the company was preparing a response .
Jean - Francois Julliard , deputy director of the press advocacy organization Reporters Without Borders , said authorities can endanger journalists when they pose as members of the news media .
" We think it is a dangerous practice because it puts in danger real journalists , " he said .
The next time a reporter approaches FARC rebels , he said , the FARC members " will be very suspicious and maybe they will take some physical measures against these journalists because they will think that they are not real journalists . "
Initially , the international community hailed the Colombian government for infiltrating the rebel group and carrying out the operation without firing a single weapon or causing bloodshed .
But the government has drawn criticism as details have emerged regarding methods used in the mission .
Last week , Colombian President Alvaro Uribe said that Colombian military intelligence used a Red Cross symbol in the mission after CNN reported on unpublished photographs and videos that showed a man wearing a Red Cross bib .
Previously , Uribe and his top generals had denied that international humanitarian symbols were used in the mission .
The Geneva Conventions prohibit the use of the neutral emblem of the International Committee of the Red Cross by parties to any armed conflict .
Uribe said the man was a member of the Colombian military rescue team who panicked upon seeing the guerrillas as the helicopter was about to land .
" He saw so many guerrillas that he went into a state of angst , " Uribe said .
" He feared for his life and put on the Red Cross bib over his jacket . "
However , the confidential military source who showed CNN the photographs said they were taken moments before the mission took off .
Uribe said he was sorry for the mistake and apologized to Red Cross officials .
There will be no official sanction against the man wearing the bib , he indicated .
International legal expert Mark Ellis , executive director of the International Bar Association , said the use of the Red Cross symbol could endanger humanitarian workers and violate the Geneva Conventions .
" The way that the images show the Red Cross emblem being used could be distinguished as a war crime , " he said .
All About FARC • Ingrid Betancourt • Alvaro Uribe • Juan Manuel Santos
Although Microsoft will drop the price of the Xbox 360 to US$ 299 this weekend , Sony says it has no plans to follow suit with the PS3 .
" This year , our strategy is not to sell more quantity for PS3 but to concentrate on profitability , " said CFO Nobuyuki Oneda on Friday .
" Our plan is not to reduce the price . "
Oneda 's remarks trail widespread confirmation that Microsoft will drop the price of the Xbox 360 by $ 50 this Sunday .
In the last three weeks , numerous sources and retail fliers have confirmed the news , though Microsoft says it has nothing to announce .
Sony effectively slashed the price of the PS3 for the first time last year , when introducing a new 40 GB model without backwards compatibility for $ 399 .
This story , " Sony Has No Plans to Cut PlayStation 3 Price " was originally published by GamePro .
Tens of thousands of same - sex couples are expected to marry legally in California by 2010 , if a constitutional ban on gay marriage does n’t pass at the polls in November .
But no matter what the voters decide , the official government count of the number of married same - sex couples in California is not in doubt .
It will be zero .
The U.S. Census Bureau , reacting to the federal Defense of Marriage Act and other mandates , plans to edit the 2010 census responses of same - sex couples who marry legally in California , Massachusetts or any other state .
They will be reported as “ unmarried partners , ” rather than married spouses , in census tabulations – a policy that will likely draw the ire of gay rights groups .
The Census Bureau followed the same procedure for the 2000 census , and it does not plan to change in 2010 even though courts in Massachusetts and now California have ruled gay men and lesbians can marry lawfully .
“ This has been a question we ’ve been looking at for quite a long time , ” said Martin O’Connell , chief of the Census Bureau ’s Fertility and Family Statistics Branch .
“ It ’s not something the bureau could arbitrarily or casually decide to change on a whim , because our data is used by virtually every federal agency . ”
The Census Bureau is not falsifying people ’s responses , O’Connell said , because the bureau will retain people ’s original census responses .
“ We ’re not destroying data ; we are keeping that data , ” O’Connell said .
“ We are just showing the data published in a way that is consistent with the way every other agency publishes their data . ”
The Census Bureau does not ask about sexual orientation , but it does ask people to describe their relationships to others in their household .
If a respondent refers to a person of the same gender as their “ husband / wife ” on the 2010 census form , the Census Bureau will automatically assign them to the “ unmarried partner ” category .
Legally married same - sex couples will be indistinguishable in census data from those who chose “ unmarried partner ” to describe their relationship .
Researcher ’s view
Critics say the census plan will mask the records of legal , same - sex , married couples and therefore degrade the quality of the government ’s demographic data .
“ I just think it ’s bad form for the census to change a legal response to an incorrect response , ” said Gary Gates of the Williams Institute , a think tank at the University of California - Los Angeles law school that studies gay - related public policy issues .
“ That goes against everything the census stands for . ”
Gates , a prominent demographer who was consulted by Census Bureau officials about counting legally married same - sex couples , said one result is that the census will undercount marriages in states with gay marriage .
And because the bureau defines a “ family ” as two or more people related by birth , adoption or marriage , it also will remove many same - sex married couples from being counted as families .
“ It ’s a systematic hiding not only of married gay couples , but gay couples as families , which I would argue is a fundamentally political decision , ” Gates said .
One recently married couple called the policy “ frustrating . ”
“ It ’s just another layer of the hurdles we have to jump , as far as our relationship being recognized , ” said Jim Winstead of Hollister , who recently married his partner , Rodney Naccarato - Winstead .
The couple have an 18 - month - old son .
Gay rights groups , learning of the policy this week , were also critical .
“ To have the federal government disappear your marriage I ’m sure will be painful and upsetting , ” said Shannon Minter , legal director for the National Center for Lesbian Rights .
“ It really is something out of Orwell .
It ’s shameful . ”
A spokeswoman for ProtectMarriage.com , campaigning in favor of the constitutional ban , declined to discuss the census issue in detail , but said it illuminates how the legalization of gay marriage potentially could dictate policy changes on government .
“ One of our campaign cornerstones will be the fact that if the initiative does n’t pass that public schools will be forced to teach the difference between gay marriage and traditional marriage , ” said Jennifer Kerns .
Bureau ’s reasoning
A census technical note that explains the bureau ’s rationale on counting same - sex partners for the 2000 census notes that the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act “ instructs all federal agencies only to recognize opposite - sex marriages for the purposes of enacting any agency programs . ”
O’Connell said the Census Bureau has been unable to find any federal agency that collects data on same - sex married couples .
Changing the policy before the 2010 census also would be a huge and difficult logistical issue .
“ The last thing anyone wants is to use the 2010 census as a trial run , ” O’Connell said .
Gates said , however , that the limitations on access to people ’s original responses will make it very difficult for private researchers to analyze raw data and back out the number of same - sex spouses in California or other states .
“ It ’s an official closet , ” Gates said , “ that the government has built . ”
We know that many PlayStation and Metal Gear fans have been waiting for today , and it was a pleasure to premiere Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots to the PS3 software line - up at midnight last night !
PlayStation and the Konami team have enjoyed bringing this blockbuster franchise to the PlayStation nation for the last decade , with many of our PlayStation fanbase growing up on the game .
Thanks to PS3 ’s Blu-ray technology , this is the biggest Metal Gear Solid yet and sets a new benchmark in the gaming industry as the first PS3 game developed on a dual layer Blu-ray disc .
This means the Konami team is able to deliver more cutting - edge graphics , more expansive gameplay and more surround sound .
Add a DUALSHOCK 3 controller into the mix and you ’ll find yourself right in the middle of the action .
For our PS2 enthusiasts , this is a great time to consider upgrading to a PS3 with the Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots PS3 80 GB bundle ( $ 499 ) , which includes the popular 80 GB PS3 , a copy of Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots , a DUALSHOCK 3 controller , as well as a free download for the PSN title , PAIN .
With highly anticipated titles such as Gran Turismo 5 Prologue , Grand Theft Auto IV and SingStar and with Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots , this is only the beginning of an ongoing software avalanche for PS3 that includes titles such as LittleBigPlanet , SOCOM : Confrontation , MotorStorm Pacific Rift and Resistance 2 that only PS3 owners will be able to exclusively enjoy .
We look forward to your feedback on Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots .
Unicode Upside - Down Mapping
Summary
This is character mapping used by the Upside - Down Converter .
The mapping is based on one from revfad.com , but I 've added the upper - case characters and numbers .
If you have any suggestions , let me know .
The major thing missing is the number 4 , but B , K , 1 , 2 and 5 could be better .
Mapping
JavaScript Code
For the JavaScript hackers out there , here 's some code to test with ( code from revfad ) :
function flipString ( aString ) { var last = aString.
length - 1 ; // Thanks to Brook Monroe for the // suggestion to use Array . join var result = new Array ( aString.length ) for ( var i = last ; i >= 0 ; -- i ) { var c = a String.charAt ( i ) var r = flipTable[c ] result [ last - i ] = r != undefined ? r : c } return result.join ( '' ) } var flipTable = { ' \u0021 ' : '\ u00A1 ' , '\u0022 ' : ' \ u201E ' , '\u0026 ' : ' \ u214B ' , '\u0027 ' : ' \ u002 C ' , '\u0028 ' : ' \u0029 ' , '\u002E ' : ' \ u02D9 ' , '\u0033 ' : '\u0190 ' , '\u0034 ' : ' \ u152D ' , '\u0036 ' : ' \ u0039 ' , '\u0037 ' : ' \ u2C62 ' , '\u003B ' : ' \ u061B ' , '\u003C ' : '\u003E ' , '\u003 F ' : ' \u00BF ' , '\u0041 ' : '\ u2200 ' , '\u0042 ' : '\ u10412 ' , '\u0043 ' : '\ u2183 ' , '\u0044 ' : ' \ u25D6 ' , '\u0045 ' : ' \ u018 E ' , '\u0046 ' : ' \ u2132 ' , '\u0047 ' : ' \ u2141 ' , '\u004A ' : ' \ u017 F ' , '\u004B ' : ' \ u22CA ' , '\u004C ' : ' \ u2142 ' , '\u004D ' : '\ u0057 ' , '\u004E ' : '\ u1D0E ' , '\u0050 ' : '\u0500 ' , '\u0051 ' : ' \ u038 C ' , '\u0052 ' : ' \ u1D1A ' , '\ u0054 ' : '\ u22A5 ' , '\u0055 ' : ' \ u2229 ' , '\u0056 ' : ' \ u1D27 ' , '\u0059 ' : ' \ u2144 ' , '\u005B ' : '\u005D ' , '\u005 F ' : ' \ u203E ' , '\ u0061 ' : ' \u0250 ' , '\ u0062 ' : '\ u0071 ' , '\ u0063 ' : ' \u0254 ' , '\ u0064 ' : ' \u0070 ' , '\u0065 ' : ' \ u01DD ' , '\u0066 ' : ' \ u025 F ' , '\u0067 ' : ' \ u0183 ' , '\ u0068 ' : ' \ u0265 ' , '\u0069 ' : ' \ u0131 ' , '\u006A ' : ' \ u027E ' , '\u006B ' : ' \u029 E ' , '\u006C ' : ' \u0283 ' , '\u006D ' : ' \ u026 F ' , '\u006E ' : '\ u0075 ' , '\u0072 ' : ' \u0279 ' , '\u0074 ' : ' \u0287 ' , '\u0076 ' : ' \ u028 C ' , '\u0077 ' : ' \u028D ' , '\u0079 ' : ' \ u028 E ' , '\u007B ' : ' \ u007D ' , '\ u203 F ' : '\ u2040 ' , '\ u2045 ' : ' \ u2046 ' , '\ u2234 ' : ' \ u2235 ' } for ( i in flipTable ) { flipTable[ flipTable [i ] ] = i }
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
June 10th , 2008
Via : Tri State Observer :
“ According to the May 1 , 2008 CCC inventory report there are o­nly 24.1 million bushels of wheat in inventory , so after this sale there will be o­nly 2.7 million bushels of wheat left the entire CCC inventory , ” warned Matlack .
“ Our concern is not that we are using the remainder of our strategic grain reserves for humanitarian relief .
AAM fully supports the action and all humanitarian food relief .
Our concern is that the U.S. has nothing else in our emergency food pantry .
There is no cheese , no butter , no dry milk powder , no grains or anything else left in reserve .
The o­nly thing left in the entire CCC inventory will be 2.7 million bushels of wheat which is about enough wheat to make ½ of a loaf of bread for each of the 300 million people in America . ”
The CCC is a federal government - owned and operated entity that was created to stabilize , support , and protect farm income and prices .
CCC is also supposed to maintain balanced and adequate supplies of agricultural commodities and aids in their orderly distribution .
“ This lack of emergency preparedness is the fault of the 1996 farm bill which eliminated the government ’s grain reserves as well as the Farmer Owned Reserve ( FOR ) , ” explained Matlack .
“ We had hoped to reinstate the FOR and a Strategic Energy Grain Reserve in the new farm bill , but the politics of food defeated our efforts .
As farmers it is our calling and purpose in life to feed our families , our communities , our nation and a good part of the world , but we need better planning and coordination if we are to meet that purpose .
AAM pledges to continue our work for better farm policy which includes an FOR and a Strategic Energy Grain Reserve . ”
AAM ’s support for the FOR program , which allows the grain to be stored o­n farms , is a key component to a safe grain reserve in that the supplies will be decentralized in the event of some unforeseen calamity which might befall the large grain storage terminals .
A Strategic Energy Grain Reserve is as crucial for the nation ’s domestic energy needs as the Strategic Petroleum Reserve .
AAM also supports full funding for the replenishment and expansion of Bill Emerson Humanitarian Trust .
Posted in Food Top Of Page
If you 're all about the environment , you probably have a hybrid car , monitor your power use , and recycle your detritus .
But if you still have a power - guzzling alarm clock that plugs into the wall , for shame , you glutton !
Fear not , though -- the eco-friendly , water - powered Bedol Wall Wave Clock is here to save the day .
Powered by electrodes immersed in water that extract energy from compound particles , this thirsty clock wo n't be available until August 15 , 2008 .
To make things less painful , though , it will only run you $ 19.00 when it comes to save us all .
[ Via Cool Hunting
KADUNA , Nigeria , March 11 , 2004 ( LifeSiteNews.com ) - A UNICEF campaign to vaccinate Nigeria ’s youth against polio may have been a front for sterilizing the nation .
Dr. Haruna Kaita , a pharmaceutical scientist and Dean of the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences of Ahmadu Bello University in Zaria , took samples of the vaccine to labs in India for analysis .
Using WHO - recommended technologies like Gas Chromatography ( GC ) and Radio - Immuno assay , Dr. Kaita , upon analysis , found evidence of serious contamination .
“ Some of the things we discovered in the vaccines are harmful , toxic ; some have direct effects on the human reproductive system , ” he said in an interview with Kaduna ’s Weekly Trust .
“ I and some other professional colleagues who are Indians who were in the Lab could not believe the discovery , ” he said .
A Nigerian government doctor tried to persuade Dr. Kaita that the contaminants would have no bearing on human reproduction .
“ … I was surprised when one of the federal government doctors was telling me something contrary to what I have learned , studied , taught and is the common knowledge of all pharmaceutical scientists — that estrogen cannot induce an anti-fertility response in humans , ” he said .
“ I found that argument very disturbing and ridiculous . ”
When asked by the Trust why Dr. Kaita felt the drug manufacturers would have contaminated the Oral Polio Vaccine , he gave three reasons : “ These manufacturers or promoters of these harmful things have a secret agenda which only further research can reveal .
Secondly they have always taken us in the third world for granted , thinking we do n’t have the capacity , knowledge and equipment to conduct tests that would reveal such contaminants .
And very unfortunately they also have people to defend their atrocities within our midst , and worst still some of these are supposed to be our own professionals who we rely on to protect our interests . ”
Dr. Kaita is demanding that “ those who imported this fake drug in the name of Polio Vaccines … be prosecuted like any other criminal . ”
The campaign to rid Nigeria of polio is in its fourth year .
Officials there claim that all contaminated vaccines have been exhausted and replaced by uncontaminated batches .
In a rhetorical conclusion to the interview , Dr. Kaita asked “ What plans has the government put in place to help children who have been given these toxic and contaminated vaccines in case they start reacting to them ? ”
This is not the first time UNICEF has been embroiled in a controversy over sterilizing agents in vaccines .
LifeSiteNews.com reported that in 1995 , the Catholic Women ’s League of the Philippines won a court order halting a UNICEF anti-tetanus program because the vaccine had been laced with B - hCG , which when given in a vaccine permanently causes women to be unable to sustain a pregnancy .
The Supreme Court of the Philippines found the surreptitious sterilization program had already vaccinated three million women , aged 12 to 45 .
B -hCG - laced vaccine was also found in at least four other developing countries .
See the related LifeSiteNews.com coverage : https://www.lifesitenews.com/ldn/2002/oct/021030a.html
The remains were found at a house on Rowcon Close , Audenshaw
The remains of two babies have been found in a box at a house in Greater Manchester .
The skeletons are believed to have been found by a relative of an elderly woman who recently died in the Audenshaw area .
Greater Manchester Police said they were called to a house in Rowcon Close on Thursday night after the discovery of the infant bones .
They are believed to have been at the address for a considerable time .
No arrests
A post -mortem examination will be carried out to try to establish a cause of death .
The ages of the remains are not known .
A paediatric expert will carry out tests to try to find out how old the infants were at the time of death .
DNA tests are also likely to be carried out on the remains in an attempt to identify them .
No arrests have been made and investigations are continuing , a police spokesman said .
Investigators will look into whether the now - deceased occupant of the house , a 1960s council maisonette , was the mother of the children .
Audenshaw , part of the Metropolitan Borough of Tameside , lies just on the edge of the city of Manchester .
Obama moves DNC operations to Chicago
In a major shakeup at the Democratic National Committee -- and a departure from tradition -- large parts of the committee 's operations are relocating to Chicago to be fully integrated with the Obama campaign .
The DNC 's political department , housed in Washington , D.C. , will be dramatically rebuilt , with staffers offered a choice of moving to Chicago , joining state operations , or staying in Washington , DNC spokeswoman Karen Finney said .
But the power will clearly be shifting to a centralized Chicago hub .
The DNC 's key role in coordinating political operations with state parties is expected to largely be taken over and overseen by Obama 's senior staff in Chicago , state party officials said .
" This is part of the implementation of the plans Paul [ Tewes ] discussed last week with the state party chairs , " Finney said .
" As part of the efforts to fully integrate DNC operations with the Obama campaign here in Washington , in Chicago and in the states , political , field and constituency operations are moving to Chicago to work in the Obama headquarters .
The goal is to consolidate these efforts into one operation and effectively drive one national strategy . "
People familiar with the plan said that state party staffers paid for under Howard Dean 's 50 State Program would be shifted to working for the presidential campaign , at least in targeted battleground states .
The move reflects Obama 's desire to maintain an unusually streamlined campaign , as well as his swift and complete takeover of a Democratic Party that is n't always known for its unity .
The move may also save the campaign money , as the Obama campaign can use DNC salaries and staff to pay for elements of its organizing campaign and avoid some of the duplication that has often dogged presidential efforts .
See Also
As the Bush administration scrambles to address the sudden decline of the country ’s two largest mortgage finance companies , some of their longtime critics say the crisis has been building for years .
Among them is Jim Leach , a Republican former representative from Iowa , who began arguing two decades ago in Congress that the government - chartered mortgage companies , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , were unfairly insulated from the real world .
They were not subject to the same financial standards and tax burdens as their competitors , he warned , and if they ran into trouble , an implicit government guarantee to back them up meant taxpayers would be left with the losses .
“ There are times in public policy making that one can feel like Don Quixote , ” Mr. Leach said of his repeated legislative battles to rein in the two companies ’ growth .
That was an eighth of some $ 80 weed .
510 Kush .
Photo by Anti/ LAist
This initiative will amend the Constitution of California to defend and safeguard the inalienable rights of the People against infringement by governments and corporations , providing for the lawful growth , sale , and possession of marijuana .
Marijuana will be taxed through a system of stamps and licenses — a $ 5 stamp will be required for the sale of an eighth ounce of marijuana and a $ 50 annual license will be required for the growth of one marijuana plant .
To protect participants and encourage participation in the system , such licenses and stamps will be available anonymously in stores where marijuana is sold .
There is an initiative in the works that could end up on the November ballot that allows for marijuana to be sold to anyone , and anywhere that already sells alcohol .
Its being called The Inalienable Rights Enforcement Initiative .
From the full text of the measure :
So instead of getting some quack doctor to give you a prescription for $ 100 because of your supposed " anxiety " or alleged " insomnia " , you will just pay an extra tax each time you buy yourself another 8th .
Aside from allowing all willing adults to be able to buy weed easily , this initiative will start to generate revenue for California , and stimulate our struggling economy .
More weed stores means more jobs for Californians , more taxes to be collected , and more people enjoying better weed .
And finally marijuana will be put into the same file as Alcohol and Cigarettes where it belongs , instead of it being equated with crack - cocaine and heroine .
Exciting news , friends : A traveling , 8 - foot - high , 20 - foot - long replica of the human colon is trundling its way toward UC Irvine !
Take a gentle stroll through this inflatable Super Colon , noting features of interest : smooth , healthy tissue over here , a bit of ulcerative colitis over there , as well as polyps and various stages of colorectal cancer spangled hither and thither .
Learn more about the exhibit , an educational tool of the nonprofit Prevent Cancer Foundation , right here .
I have to say , there 's something a little weird about the photo on the website of a cheery bunch of kids posing inside a windsock - like , watermelon - reminiscent giant bowel -- but hey , everyone looks as if they 're having fun !
The SoCal colon showing takes place Thursday from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at UC Irvine 's National Cancer Survivors Day event .
Check it out at 101 The City Drive , Orange , on the lawn area in front of Building 55 .
And then , if you want still more , why not knit yourself some gut ?
As Sarah Illenberger did here , and Matie Trewe did here ( she even has a pattern ) .
-- Rosie Mestel
Photo : Prevent Cancer Foundation
He was hanging out on a recent Friday night at a Starbucks with a group of his friends , and all of them said the price of gasoline , made worse by difficulty in finding summer jobs , was cramping their style .
“ I used to drive around and hang out here with my friends five nights a week last summer , but I just ca n’t afford to buy gas anymore , ” said Elliot Lee , 19 , another engineering student .
Mr. Lee said that since arriving home in East Dundee , Ill. , for the summer , he had withdrawn $ 100 from his savings account to pay for gasoline .
Perhaps the summer ’s most visible change is occurring in the downtown strips of small towns where , for decades , cruising on Friday and Saturday nights has been a teenage rite of passage .
It is a peculiarly American phenomenon  driving around in a big loop , listening to music , waving at one another and wasting gasoline .
“ We ’re not cruising around anymore , with gas costing $ 4.50 a gallon , ” said Ewelina Smosna , a recent graduate of Taft High School in Chicago , as she hung out the other night at the Streets of Woodfield , an outdoor mall in Schaumburg .
“ We just park the car and walk around . ”
According to police officers in towns like Elkhart , Ind. ; Grand Haven , Mich . ; and Mount Pleasant , S.C. , traffic has dropped markedly on cruise nights .
“ Teen cruising is way down from 2005 , when it used to be bumper to bumper downtown , ” said David Scott , a senior officer in Grand Haven , a popular resort town hugging the Lake Michigan shoreline .
“ Traffic downtown used to be so bad in the summer , you could n’t drive faster than 10 miles an hour .
Last Friday night , I did n’t even have to wait in line to get through a light . ”
The Department of Health and Human Services Monday released a proposal that allows any federal grant recipient to obstruct a woman 's access to contraception .
In order to do this , the Department is attempting to redefine many forms of contraception as abortion .
Read the full text of the leaked HHS proposal here ( PDF ) .
In a spectacular act of complicity with the religious right , the
Department of Health and Human Services Monday released a proposal that
allows any federal grant recipient to obstruct a woman ’s access to
contraception .
In order to do this , the Department is attempting to
redefine many forms of contraception , the birth control 40 % of
Americans use , as abortion .
Doing so protects extremists under the
Weldon and Church amendments .
Those laws prohibit federal grant
recipients from requiring employees to help provide or refer for
abortion services .
The " Definitions " section of the HHS proposal states ,
Abortion :
An abortion is the termination of a pregnancy .
There
are two commonly held views on the question of when a pregnancy
begins .
Some consider a pregnancy to begin at conception ( that is , the
fertilization of the egg by the sperm ) , while others consider it to
begin with implantation ( when the embryo implants in the lining of the
uterus ) .
A 2001 Zogby International American Values poll revealed that
49 % of Americans believe that human life begins at conception .
Presumably many who hold this belief think that any action that
destroys human life after conception is the termination of a pregnancy ,
and so would be included in their definition of the term " abortion . "
Those who believe pregnancy begins at implantation believe the term
" abortion " only includes the destruction of a human being after it has
implanted in the lining of the uterus .
The proposal continues ,
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Both definitions of pregnancy
inform medical practice .
Some medical authorities , like the American
Medical Association and the British Medical Association , have defined
the term " established pregnancy " as occurring after implantation .
Other
medical authorities present different definitions .
Stedman ’s Medical
Dictionary , for example , defines pregnancy as " [t ] he state of a female
after conception and until the termination of the gestation . "
Dorland ’s Medical Dictionary defines pregnancy , in relevant part , as
" the condition of having a developing embryo or fetus in the body ,
after union of an oocyte and spermatozoon .
Up until now , the federal government followed the definition of
pregnancy accepted by the American Medical Association and our nation ’s
pregnancy experts , the American College of Obstetricians and
Gynecologists , which is : pregnancy begins at implantation .
With this
proposal , however , HHS is dismissing medical experts and opting instead
to accept a definition of pregnancy based on polling data .
It now
claims that pregnancy begins at some biologically unknowable moment
( there ’s no test to determine if a woman ’s egg has been fertilized ) .
Under these new standards there would be no way for a woman to prove
she ’s not pregnant .
Thus , any woman could be denied contraception under
HHS ’ new science .
The other rarely discussed issue here is whether hormonal contraception even does
what the religious right claims .
There is no scientific evidence that
hormonal methods of birth control can prevent a fertilized egg from
implanting in the womb .
This argument is the basis upon which the
religious right hopes to include the 40 % of the birth control methods
Americans use , such as the pill , the patch , the shot , the ring , the
IUD , and emergency contraception , under the classification " abortion . "
Even the " pro-life " movement ’s most respected physicians cautioned the
movement about making these claims .
In 1999 , the physicians –who , like
the movement at large , define pregnancy as beginning at fertilization –
released an open letter to
community stating : " Recently , some special interest groups have
claimed , without providing any scientific rationale , that some methods
of contraception may have an abortifacient effect …
The ‘ hormonal
contraception is abortifacient ’ theory is not established fact .
It is
speculation , and the discussion presented here suggests it is
error …if a family , weighing all the factors affecting their own
circumstances , decides to use this modality , we are confident that they
are not using an abortifacient . "
As the HHS proposal proves , the absence of fact or evidence does
not slow anti-abortion movement attempts to classify hormonal
contraception as abortion .
With HHS ’ proposal they have struck gold .
Anyone working for a federal clinic , or a health center that receives
federal funding–even in the form of Medicaid–and would like to
prevent a woman from accessing most prescription birth control methods
has federal protection to do so .
As the HHS proposal details ,
Because the statutes that would be enforced through this regulation seek , in part , to
protect individuals and institutions from suffering discrimination on
the basis of conscience , the conscience of the individual or
institution should be paramount in determining what constitutes abortion ,
within the bounds of reason .
As discussed above , both definitions of
pregnancy are reasonable and used within the scientific and medical
community .
The Department proposes , then , to allow individuals and
institutions to adhere to their own views and adopt a definition of
abortion that encompasses both views of abortion .
( emphasis mine )
So HHS proposes that anyone can enforce his or her own definition
of abortion " within the bounds of reason . "
And , it would seem the
bounds are pretty far flung .
Most dangerously , perhaps , this new rule
establishes a legal precedent that may eventually be used as a basis
for banning the most popular forms of birth control along with what is ,
in fact , abortion .
If peppering your code with lots of comments is good , then having zillions of comments in your code must be great , right ?
Not quite .
Excess is one way good comments go bad :
'************************************************* '
Name : CopyString ' ' Purpose :
This routine copies a string from the source ' string ( source ) to the target string ( target ) .
' '
Algorithm :
It gets the length of " source " and then copies each ' character , one at a time , into " target " .
It uses ' the loop index as an array index into both " source " ' and " target " and increments the loop / array index ' after each character is copied .
' '
Inputs : input
The string to be copied ' ' Outputs : output
The string to receive the copy of " input " ' ' Interface Assumptions : None ' ' Modification History : None ' ' Author : Dwight K. Coder ' Date Created : 10/1/04 ' Phone : ( 555 ) 222-2255 ' SSN : 111-22-3333 ' Eye Color : Green ' Maiden Name : None ' Blood Type : AB- ' Mother 's Maiden Name : None ' Favorite Car : Pontiac Aztek ' Personalized License Plate : " Tek - ie " '*************************************************
I 'm constantly running across comments from developers who do n't seem to understand that the code already tells us how it works ; we need the comments to tell us why it works .
Code comments are so widely misunderstood and abused that you might find yourself wondering if they 're worth using at all .
Be careful what you wish for .
Here 's some code with no comments whatsoever :
r = n / 2 ; while ( abs ( r - ( n /r ) ) > t ) { r = 0.5 * ( r + ( n /r ) ) ; } System.out.println ( " r = " + r ) ;
Any idea what that bit of code does ?
It 's perfectly readable , but what the heck does it do ?
Let 's add a comment .
// square root of n with Newton - Raphson approximation r = n / 2 ; while ( abs ( r - ( n /r ) ) > t ) { r = 0.5 * ( r + ( n /r ) ) ; } System.out.println ( " r = " + r ) ;
That must be what I was getting at , right ?
Some sort of pleasant , middle - of - the - road compromise between the two polar extremes of no comments whatsoever and carefully formatted epic poems every second line of code ?
Not exactly .
Rather than add a comment , I 'd refactor to this :
private double SquareRootApproximation(n ) { r = n / 2 ; while ( abs ( r - ( n /r ) ) > t ) { r = 0.5 * ( r + ( n /r ) ) ; } return r ; } System.out.println ( " r = " + SquareRootApproximation (r ) ) ;
I have n't added a single comment , and yet this mysterious bit of code is now perfectly understandable .
While comments are neither inherently good or bad , they are frequently used as a crutch .
You should always write your code as if comments did n't exist .
This forces you to write your code in the simplest , plainest , most self - documenting way you can humanly come up with .
When you 've rewritten , refactored , and rearchitected your code a dozen times to make it easy for your fellow developers to read and understand – when you can't possibly imagine any conceivable way your code could be changed to become more straightforward and obvious – then , and only then , should you feel compelled to add a comment explaining what your code does .
As Steve points out , this is one key difference between junior and senior developers :
In the old days , seeing too much code at once quite frankly exceeded my complexity threshold , and when I had to work with it I 'd typically try to rewrite it or at least comment it heavily .
Today , however , I just slog through it without complaining ( much ) .
When I have a specific goal in mind and a complicated piece of code to write , I spend my time making it happen rather than telling myself stories about it [ in comments ] .
Junior developers rely on comments to tell the story when they should be relying on the code to tell the story .
Comments are narrative asides ; important in their own way , but in no way meant to replace plot , characterization , and setting .
Perhaps that 's the dirty little secret of code comments : to write good comments you have to be a good writer .
Comments are n't code meant for the compiler , they 're words meant to communicate ideas to other human beings .
While I do ( mostly ) love my fellow programmers , I can't say that effective communication with other human beings is exactly our strong suit .
I 've seen three - paragraph emails from developers on my teams that practically melted my brain .
These are the people we 're trusting to write clear , understandable comments in our code ?
I think maybe some of us might be better off sticking to our strengths – that is , writing for the compiler , in as clear a way as we possibly can , and reaching for the comments only as a method of last resort .
Writing good , meaningful comments is hard .
It 's as much an art as writing the code itself ; maybe even more so .
As Sammy Larbi said in Common Excuses Used To Comment Code , if your feel your code is too complex to understand without comments , your code is probably just bad .
Rewrite it until it does n't need comments any more .
If , at the end of that effort , you still feel comments are necessary , then by all means , add comments … carefully .
None of the information or opinions expressed in this blog constitutes a solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or other instrument .
Nothing in this blog constitutes investment advice and any recommendations that may be contained herein have not been based upon a consideration of the investment objectives , financial situation or particular needs of any specific recipient .
Any purchase or sale activity in any securities or other instrument should be based upon your own analysis and conclusions .
Past performance is not indicative of future results .
I may hold or control long or short positions in the securities or instruments mentioned .
Welcome to my blog .
These are my observations and musings about the markets ( mostly equities ) , hedge funds and investments in general .
My experience has been a quantitative equity manager in US , Canada , EAFE and Emerging Markets and commentator on hedge funds and their returns patterns .
This is not investment advice !
I know nothing about you , your risk preferences , your portfolio or your investment horizon .
I have no idea whether any of my opinions expressed are suitable for you .
HPD officers not indicted in alleged CIA agent 's death
No indictments in death of man claiming CIA ties
2 officers shot driver after chase ; civil suit continues
A Harris County grand jury Thursday declined to indict two Houston police officers in the shooting death of a man who claimed to be a CIA agent .
Roland Carnaby was fatally wounded on April 29 after fleeing from a traffic stop and leading police on a high - speed chase through the city .
Carnaby was killed after stepping out of his vehicle on a feeder road off Loop 610 West , turning around and reaching under the seat for a shiny object that turned out to be a cell phone .
The grand jury declined to indict Sgt. Andrew Washington and officer Cecil Foster , said Donna Hawkins , a spokeswoman for the Harris County District Attorney 's Office .
" Fatal shootings involving law enforcement are referred directly to a grand jury , " Hawkins said .
" After careful consideration , the grand jury chose not to indict the two officers involved . "
Initially placed on administrative leave , both officers returned to duty days after the shooting .
Carnaby , 52 , of Pearland , was stopped for speeding on Texas 288 .
He showed the officer an identification card that he claimed was issued by the Central Intelligence Agency but fled after police learned he had a license to carry a concealed weapon .
The CIA insisted that Carnaby was not connected to the agency .
His widow , Susan Carnaby , has maintained that Carnaby was a longtime CIA employee who frequently left the country on assignments .
Houston Police Chief Harold Hurtt has said he was told by the FBI that Carnaby " may have " been an informant at one time for them but had no other details about the relationship .
At the time , a Houston FBI spokeswoman said the agency " cannot confirm nor deny the names of people who provide us with information . "
Susan Carnaby has filed a lawsuit against the city saying HPD violated its own policies when officers pursued him .
Her attorney , Randall Kallinen , said it was unfortunate the two officers were not indicted , but the no-bill does not preclude the city from liability .
If the officers were acting in the scope of their duties , their employer would be liable for the death instead of the officers individually , Kallinen said .
Kallinen also said Carnaby was an independent contractor for the CIA , the FBI and the Secret Service .
He said Carnaby 's ability to speak seven languages enabled him to do in - depth background checks for the federal agencies .
He also said HPD 's chase policy is " highly flawed . "
Hurtt said the department is reviewing the policy .
" Anytime we have an incident like that , we go back and look at training policy and procedures .
If there are changes that need to be made or training that needs to be improved , we do that , " Hurtt said .
" It appears that they ( the officers ) did a pretty fair job of following what our policy states and what the law was . "
Chronicle reporter Mike Glenn contributed to this report .
brian.rogers@chron.com
Sharon
http://www.alternet.org/story/83555/?page=1
Chalmers Johnson is one of my favorite thinkers , so I link to his article for the sheer pleasure of introducing him to anyone else who does n’t know his work .
But I also mention it because it got me thinking .
Now we all know the statistics - you know , the ones for things like fact that the American military budget is 10 times the budget of the next biggest military power , China , or that we spend much more than all the other countries put together .
But somehow seeing the number laid out in Johnson ’s analysis led me to a new thought - the 10 Times More = 10 Times Less Rule .
What is this rule ?
Simply this - if we in America use 10 times as much as another country , or spend 10 times as much on something , not only will we use more and pay more , but we ’ll get less .
What we get will , inevitably be at least twice as crappy as the much cheaper model , and often as much as 10 times worse .
Is this really a rule ?
Well , let ’s start with the military budget .
Look , I ’m a lefty and no big fan of our invasions , but my feeling is if we ’re going to spend 10 times more in our military budget than our nearest threat we should be a lot better than everyone else - that is , we should be able to crush anyone we want like flies .
Again , I ’m not saying I ’m for this fly crushing thing , just that spending that much should pay off .
Instead , we keep discovering the same freakin’ thing - that people who want you out of their country are way more passionate than 20 year olds who just want some bucks for college , and that a 2 million dollar tank can get its ass kicked by a 300 dollar IED .
So the tanks end up lying on their sides along a road , and we end up paying trillions for an expensive exit strategy , which is a polite way of saying “ we got our ass kicked and wasted lives . ”
Or what about our food ?
The average bite of American food takes 10 calories of oil to produce a single calorie of American food .
The average Indonesian ’s dinner comes in at about 1 a calorie of oil ( this all assumes that the average Indonesian can get food , but let ’s assume they can ) .
And let me clearly reassure you that the average Indonesian ’s cheap - ass bowl of laksa - noodles , broth , coconut milk , maybe a piece of fish - taste 100 times better than a Big Mac or a bag of Doritos .
That is , we put in all this oil and what comes out - food that tastes like crap , is really awful for us , and ca n’t even remotely approach the quality of the street food you ’d find in almost any third world country on earth .
We only spend twice as much on medical care as most Europeans , but we report that we ’re four times as unhappy with our healthcare system , so I bet if we worked on getting our spending up , we could be 10 times as unhappy with our medical care .
One of the largest studies of end of life care in American history discovered that 65 % of Americans die “ in debt , in pain and alone . ”
Now I don ’ t know about you , but that sounds pretty much like everyone ’s worst nightmare .
The same study found that many other nations do a vastly better job of simply making sure you do n’t hurt and you have someone there .
But here , the suffering costs extra .
The good news about the 10 times more = 10 times less rule is this - if true , we could actually get our usage of many resources back down to a level that might let us go on from here .
Our goal when Rioting for Austerity was to get down by 90 % in all 7 categories .
At the end of the project ’s first year , we ’re down by at least 75 % in all 7 categories , and to 90 % in food , garbage and consumer goods .
We should hit our goals in heating oil and water in this coming year , as some of our infrastructure changes begin .
Including the allotment for working at home , we came in just short of our share of electricity , and gas is one we ’re still struggling with .
But we ’re using 78 % less gas than the average Americans ( except Eli , who is using 69 % less , because of his school busing ) .
Were we less happy ?
No , not at all .
In fact despite the fact that I was nuts and agreed to write two books in 15 months , I ’d say we were happier .
Not 10 times happier , but maybe half again as much .
Maybe even double - we saved a ton of money , we had a ton of fun , we found a new community , we had more time .
What ’s not to like ?
The thing is , right now , using less energy and having less money is making a whole lot of people less happy .
The reason , of course , is that we are n’t thinking it through - this is n’t a managed decline , and with the media telling us that the crisis was over yesterday all the time , most people are sitting tight , waiting for the good times to roll again .
The great news is that using as much as 10 times less in many areas wo n’t hurt - but only if we think it through .
That is , you ca n’t magically get to a diet of great low energy , low cost sustainable food simpy by taking the oil out of the supply chain .
You have to work it .
But it can be done , and helping millions who have no choice do it is going to be a big - and fascinating - project .
Sharon
Sport
Sport1
Am 5 . Oktober schließt das verlängerte Sommer - Transferfenster .
Bis dahin erwartet den FC Bayern auf dem Transfermarkt ein heißer Tanz .
Der aktuelle Kader umfasst 21 Feldspieler .
Darunter befinden sich die abwanderungswilligen Javi Martínez und Michael Cuisance .
Rückkehrer Adrian Fein , der es derzeit nicht mal in den Kader schafft .
Talente wie Jamal Musiala , Chris Richards und Joshua Zirkzee , die noch Zeit brauchen und Paris - Versprechen Tanguy Nianzou , der verletzt ist.
SPORT1 beantwortet die wichtigsten Transferfragen !
Haben die Bayern fixe Neuzugänge in der Hinterhand ?
Ja!
SPORT1 erfuhr , dass in dieser Woche Neuzugänge präsentiert werden .
Wie viele es werden hängt auch davon ab , wer den FC Bayern noch verlassen wird .
Gesucht wird ein Rechtverteidiger , ein variabler Spieler für die Außenbahnen und das zentrale Mittelfeld .
Sportvorstand Hasan Salihamidzic und Chefscout Marco Neppe bereiten sich seit Wochen auf einen heißen Endspurt auf dem Transfermarkt vor .
Bereits im letzten Jahr wurden Michael Cuisance , Philippe Coutinho und Ivan Perisic kurz vor Toreschluss verpflichtet .
Werde Deutschlands Tippkönig !
Jetzt zum SPORT1 Tippspiel anmelden Wechselt Michael Cuisance ?
Sehr wahrscheinlich .
SPORT1 kann bestätigen , dass Premier - League - Aufsteiger Leeds United beim FC Bayern wegen des 21 - Jährigen Franzosen angefragt hat und ihn unbedingt fest verpflichten will .
Laut L´Équipe bieten ihm die Engländer einen Vertrag bis 2025 .
Dem Ex -Gladbacher wird der Durchbruch in München hingegen nicht zugetraut .
Anschluss hat er in der Mannschaft bisher auch kaum gefunden .
Für die Münchner wird es nun darum gehen , eine möglichst hohe Ablöse zu erzielen .
22 Millionen sollen für ihn geboten worden sein , Bayern würde ihn ziehen lassen .
Für den umstrittenen Techniker bezahlten die Bayern rund acht Millionen Euro Ablöse an Borussia Mönchengladbach .
Nach SPORT1 - Informationen kann die Ablösesumme auf bis zu 12 Millionen Euro anwachsen , sobald er über 100 Pflichtspieleinsätze hat , in denen er mindestens 45 Minuten zum Einsatz kommt .
Gegen Hoffenheim zog ihm Flick den 17 - jährigen Jamal Musial vor .
Am Montag zoffte er sich im Training mit Superstar Robert Lewandowski .
Was wird aus Javi Martínez ?
Trotz seines goldenen Treffers im Finale des UEFA Super Cups ist der Baske unzufrieden .
Martínez möchte wieder regelmäßig spielen .
Bei den Bayern ist er nur noch Reservist .
Einer der Hauptinteressenten bleibt Athletic Bilbao .
Der FC Bayern wird dem verdienten Mittelfeld - Allrounder nach SPORT1 - Informationen keine Steine in den Weg legen , sofern ein passendes Angebot vorliegt .
Kommt Mario Götze ?
Stand jetzt nicht .
Nach SPORT1 - Informationen war diese Personalie auch bis Montagmittag noch kein ernstzunehmendes Thema im Verein .
Wer wird der Backup für Benjamin Pavard ?
Sergino Dest von Ajax Amsterdam wohl nicht .
Um den 19 - jährigen Rechtsverteidiger haben sich die Bayern intensiv bemüht .
Sportlich ist man von ihm auf allen Ebenen überzeugt , der Spieler will auch nach München .
Das Heft des Handelns hat aber Ajax in der Hand .
Die Niederländer wollen Dest nach Barcelona transferieren , weil die Katalanen mehr bieten als die Bayern .
Von einer Transfer - Einigung zwischen Dest und den Spaniern haben die Bayern aber auch noch nichts gehört .
Ein weiterer Kandidat könnte Max Aarons von Norwich City sein .
Der 20 - jährige spielte in der vergangenen Saison trotz des Abstiegs in die zweite englische Liga eine starke Rolle .
Noch ist dieser Personalie aber noch kein heißes Thema bei den Bayern .
Gibt es noch Überraschungen ?
Eine faustdicke wäre eine Blitz - Leihe von Alexander Nübel .
Der neue Manuel - Neuer - Herausforderer begibt sich bislang demütig in Lauerstellung , aber dass er in Hoffenheim nicht einmal auf der Bank saß , stößt auf Seiten des Spielers und seines Managements auf Unverständnis und Irritation .
Ein Tribünen - Platz in München ist in der Entwicklung des 23 - Jährigen nicht vorgesehen .
Da Sven Ulreich bleiben könnte und Nübel nur die Nummer drei droht , ist nach SPORT1 - Informationen sogar eine Blitz - Leihe noch bis zum Schließen des Transferfensters am 5 .
Oktober möglich .
Nach SPORT1 - Informationen steht eine Nübel - Leihe auch vereinsintern zur Diskussion .
Ausgeschlossen wird sie nicht .
Interessenten soll es für ihn reichlich geben .
Eine Überraschung wäre auch eine Leihe von Callum Hudson - Odoi .
Den 19 - Jährigen wollten die Bayern schon Anfang 2019 vom FC Chelsea verpflichten .
Möglich ist , dass der Englänger für die Außenbahn geholt wird .
Gab es einen Spieler , an dem die Bayern zuletzt dran waren ?
Nach SPORT1 - Informationen waren die Bayern ernsthaft an Barcelona - Supertalent Pedri interessiert .
Der 17 - jährige ist in der Offensive variabel einsetzbar , kann als Zehner , Achter und auf den Flügel spielen .
Salihamidzic und Neppe führten wegen dem Spanier Gespräche .
Auch Borussia Mönchengladbach und PSV Eindhoven zeigten Interesse .
Allerdings hat sich Pedri beim FC Barcelona einen Platz im Profi -Team erkämpft .
Laut transfermarkt.de beträgt sein Marktwert 7,2 Millionen Euro .
Sein Vertrag ist noch vier Jahre gültig .
Was wird aus David Alaba ?
" Auch da wird irgendwann eine Entscheidung fallen " , erklärte Salihamidzic rund um das Hoffenheim - Spiel .
Alaba - Berater Zahavi weilte zuletzt im Urlaub .
Der Israeli , sowie Alaba - Vater George warten auf ein verbessertes finanzielles Angebot der Münchner .
Nach SPORT1 - Informationen wird der FC Bayern im Alaba - Poker aber eisern bleiben und das Angebot , welches man als marktgerecht und fair erachtet , nicht nachbessern .
Laut BILD bieten ihm die Bayern elf Millionen Euro Grundgehalt und bis zu sechs Millionen Euro an Prämien .
Im Gespräch ist ein neuer Fünfjahresvertrag .
Die Alaba - Seite soll bis zu 20 Millionen Euro pro Jahr fordern .
SAN FRANCISCO  Reagan has his highways .
Lincoln has his memorial .
Washington has the capital ( and a state , too ) .
But President Bush may soon be the sole president to have a memorial named after him that you can contribute to from the bathroom .
From the Department of Damned - With - Faint - Praise , a group going by the regal - sounding name of the Presidential Memorial Commission of San Francisco is planning to ask voters here to change the name of a prize - winning water treatment plant on the shoreline to the George W. Bush Sewage Plant .
The plan , naturally hatched in a bar , would place a vote on the November ballot to provide “ an appropriate honor for a truly unique president . ”
Supporters say that they have plenty of signatures to qualify the initiative and that the renaming would fit in a long and proud American tradition of poking political figures in the eye .
Verabschiede dich für immer von YouTube Links kopieren .
Denn , der Qweb Youtube Converter blendet eine blaue Leiste ( oberhalb des YouTube Videos ) ein , mit dessen Hilfe du direkt , Audio oder Video Dateien speichern kannst .
Du entscheidest dich ob du das Video mit Audio haben oder nur Audio haben möchtest .
Nachdem die Entscheidung getroffen ist , kann der Download mit nur einem Klick gestartet werden .
Die Youtube Qweb Leiste , lässt sich mit dem Klick auf das “ X ” , bis zu nächsten Browser Start , ausblenden .
Solltest du die Leiste dauerhaft nicht wünschen , kannst du diese über die Einstellungen abschalten .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
As foreclosures continue to soar , 220,000 homes were lost to bank repossessions in the second quarter , according to a housing market report Friday issued by RealtyTrac .
That 's nearly triple the number from the same period in 2007 .
A total of 739,714 foreclosure filings were recorded during that three - month period , up 14 % from the first quarter , and 121 % from the same period in 2007 .
That means that one of every 171 U.S. households received a filing , which include notices of default , auction sale notices and bank repossessions .
" Most areas of the country are seeing at least some increase in foreclosure activity , " said James Saccacio , CEO of RealtyTrac , an online marketer of foreclosed homes .
" Forty - eight of 50 states and 95 out of the nation 's 100 largest metro areas experienced year - over - year increases in foreclosure activity . "
Because foreclosure filings are growing so quickly , RealtyTrac will have to reevaluate its foreclosure forecast for the year , according to spokesman Rick Sharga .
" We 've been saying foreclosures will total 1.9 million to 2 million this year , " he said .
" But midway through the year , we 're already at 1.4 million so we 're going to be raising our projections . "
And there is more bad news :
Bank repossessions are up as a proportion of total filings , representing 30 % of the notices issued during the quarter , up from 24 % a year ago .
" I do n't think that 's a surprise if you look at the general conditions out there , " said Brian Bethune , chief financial economist for Global Insight .
" There have been six straight moves of weaker employment this year .
The ongoing problems in the housing market are compounded by a generally weaker economy .
Foreclosures wo n't go down until we start to see employment move up again . "
Sun Belt front and center
California 's Central Valley remains ground zero for foreclosure filings .
Stockton , which is just east of San Francisco , had the highest rate of foreclosure filings of any metro area , one for every 25 homes .
That 's seven times the national average .
Riverside / San Bernardino , which is east of Los Angeles , had the second highest rate in the nation with one filing for every 32 households .
Las Vegas , Bakersfield and Sacramento rounded out the top five .
Detroit continued to suffer more than any other non-Sun Belt area , with one filing for every 66 households .
And several Ohio cities were also hard hit , led by Toledo ( one in 92 households ) , Akron ( one in 93 ) and Cleveland ( one in 108 ) .
On the other hand , there were a handful of metro areas that remained relatively unscathed .
Honolulu , at one filing for every 1,331 households had the lowest rate of all , followed by Allentown , Pa. ( one for every 972 ) and Syracuse , N.Y. ( one for every 880 ) .
At the state level , Nevada had the highest rate with one filing for every 43 households , while California had the highest total number of filings - 202,599 .
The report came as more negative news for the housing market this week .
On Thursday , a report form the National Association of Realtors revealed that existing home sales had declined again as the number of homes for sale continued to rise .
On Tuesday , a government agency reported home prices registered another drop in May .
All this is happening as Congress struggles to pass a housing rescue bill that will make FHA - insured loans available to many at - risk borrowers .
The measure , which is expected to be enacted , would take effect until Oct.
1 .
One of the sponsors of the bill , Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass. , said in a statement Thursday that he encourages lenders and mortgage servicers to delay taking action against delinquent borrowers before the new law takes effect .
" I am urging the mortgage servicers to hold off on foreclosures in applicable cases , " he said , " so borrowers can take advantage of the program . "
I 'm not exactly a Flickr power user -- I 've never left a photo note , though I 've read lots of them .
On Flickr , when a photo note is made , the user specifies a zone of the photo and types in a comment .
The zone is then marked on the photo with a little box .
Mousing over the box shows the note .
Okay , simple enough .
But what happens when users add 271 notes to a Flickr photo ?
Sheer madness :
Uploaded on July 4 , 2006 by Andrew Castellano , the photo is entitled When Waves Collide .
The image shows waves crashing together just off Laguna Beach in California -- but it 's a bit hard to see with all those notes .
The photo has been marked as a favorite 5,141 times , it has been viewed 375,884 times , and in addition to the 271 notes there are 1,339 comments from other users .
Wow .
For more excellent photos from Andrew Castellano , check out his photo stream .
( Via Kottke.org . )
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Former White House aide Karl Rove denied on Monday that his close ties with Republican politics and John McCain ’s presidential campaign undermine his credibility as an election analyst for the Fox News Channel .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Appearing at a gathering of television critics in Beverly Hills , Rove and network executive John Moody brushed aside suggestions that Rove ’s continued involvement in the presidential race , informal or not , might pose a conflict in his capacity as a Fox News contributor .
Rove , the chief strategist for U.S. President George W. Bush ’s 2000 and 2004 election victories and former deputy chief of staff in his administration , left the White House last August and joined the Fox News team in February 2008 .
“ I do talk to people in politics all across the country , some of whom are very active in the campaign ( but ) I play no official role , or ongoing role , ” he said in answer to a question about whether he works for the McCain operation in any way .
“ I do get phone calls , ” he added .
“ I ’m having dinner later this week with a great friend of mine who just happens to be the Republican state chairman of a battleground state .
He ’s going to be in Washington , and it ’s not just the quality of steak I ’m going to fix him that ’s caused him to stop by the house and pick my brain .
So that ’s just a reality . ”
Asked whether Rove was on “ the honor system ” regarding his contacts with top McCain campaign operatives such as Steve Schmidt , Moody replied : “ He ’s always on the honor system .
All of our employees are . ”
“ We get most of our information about the McCain campaign from our correspondents , ” Moody added .
“ I do n’t think Karl would cross an ethical line like that . ”
Rove also dismissed the notion that his refusal to answer congressional subpoenas to testify in a probe of the Bush administration ’s firing of federal prosecutors amounted to too much political baggage for a network news analyst to carry .
“ It is not between me and Congress , ” he said .
“ This is between the White House and Congress .
This is long - standing battle over the principle of executive privilege and the ability of the president to receive advice from senior advisors and for senior advisors not to be at the beck and call of Congress to testify . ”
He also said that like fellow Fox News analyst Howard Wolfson , a former top strategist and communications director for Senator Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign , his job was to help viewers “ better understand ” the political process based on his experience .
Fox News host Chris Wallace also came to Rove ’s defense , asking rhetorically , “ Why it is that if Congress and the White House are having a fight about executive power , that that should in any way constrain an independent news organization ’s decision as to who is it going to have on its payroll ? ”
Montgomery , AL
You know what they say — look after the pennies , and the dollars will look after themselves .
So it stands to reason that unscrupulous agents and officials involved with various real estate transactions are doing quite nicely pocketing extra money from real estate overcharges .
Money that is rightfully yours .
There is little doubt that a real estate transaction is a complicated process , and to the average Joe it can be overwhelming .
Not so , however , for the various officials and agents we hire to steer us through the process .
They do this every day of the week , vs. a handful of times in a lifetime for us .
As a result , it 's not hard to pull the wool over our eyes .
And it may not even be all that much .
A hundred bucks , maybe — or even less .
As part of a transaction that encompasses a myriad of calculations and stipulations , and reflects sometimes hundreds of thousands of dollars in overall value , you could be forgiven for ( a not noticing a discrepancy , or b ) clueing in to the possibility but ' just letting it go . '
Maybe it's $ 10 , maybe $ 50 or even $ 100 .
Given the overwhelming documentation you have to wade through , and the overall price tag , $ 100 may seem like nothing .
But consider ...
It 's YOUR money .
And SOMEBODY ELSE is profiting handsomely from that money , especially when you consider the number of transactions that occur in any given day .
Over the course of a year , somebody is making a handsome profit on real estate overcharges .
Here 's how it works : in any real estate transaction , title or mortgage registration , there are various recording fees and other costs that are often estimated , purportedly because it is next to impossible to determine the actual fee .
Or so it is claimed , but this is debatable .
Nonetheless , a range is established and a recording fee is charged based on an estimate , rounded up , it is alleged , to ensure there are sufficient funds available to pay the necessary fee(s ) .
Okay , so what happens when that fee is paid , and it comes in less than the amount you were originally charged ?
Do you get the difference back ?
You should .
Take the case of Arthur Boudin ; a homebuyer who obtained a residential mortgage with Ameriquest Mortgage Co. ATM Holdings served as the closing agent .
At the end of the day , Boudin noted on his statement of settlement that $ 120 was charged as a recording fee , although actual court fees were only $ 48 .
So what happened to the difference ?
Boudin did n't see it .
Rather , ATM allegedly pocketed that $ 72 .
And so the homeowner sued , alleging that the withheld fee amount of $ 72 represented a violation of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act ( RESPA ) as an impermissible markup .
The US District Court , Southern District of Alabama saw it Boudin 's way .
To be sure , $ 72 is not a lot of money .
But principle is at stake , and that $ 72 spread across thousands of borrowers can add up , and the problem is NOT new .
In 1989 , for example , a former federal bank auditor blew the whistle on adjustable - rate mortgage overcharging , estimated at more than $ 8 billion .
In 2003 , audits found that half of adjustable - rate mortgages reflected errors , which translated to overcharges for homeowners .
A year later US Mortgage Reduction estimated those overcharges at $ 60 billion .
Think those amounts are niggly now ?
Public Citizen , the advocacy group founded by Ralph Nader , agrees that real estate transactions are so complicated , and with so many parties involved , it 's relatively easy to sneak inflated charges into the mix , resulting in the pocketing the difference .
There are legal fees , title search and registration fees , mortgage registration fees , and so on .
Given the complexity , one can imagine the temptation for overcharging and bill - padding — even kickbacks , which are done on the backs of the hard - working homeowner , often with finances wire - tight in order to qualify for the mortgage , and to make it all work .
Maybe it 's just $ 72 , but that 's $ 72 of YOUR money that you can put towards new curtains , instead of lining the pockets of someone else making thousands , upon thousands of dollars every year , improperly and illegally from well - meaning clients just like you .
Of course you can , and should be forgiven for not knowing all the complexities of a real estate transaction .
However , that 's what you pay agents for , and your own lack of experience does not give someone with greater expertise the right to take advantage of you .
How can you avoid such a pitfall , or discover that it 's happening to you ?
Ask if the recording charges are indeed estimates , and ask why .
Then demand to see the actual recording fee(s ) once actuals are established , and compare them with the estimates .
At the very least , insist that you are re-imbursed for the difference once actuals are determined , and demand to see the paperwork after the fact .
And if you note a discrepancy that should n't be , call them on it , or pursue the matter in court .
It might be just a small amount to you , but it can quickly add up to thousands , hundreds of thousands , and even millions of dollars over the long term .
They do it , because they can get away with it .
Because we simply allow them to .
We either do n't know any better , we 're hesitant to ask , or we 're reluctant to chase a discrepancy when discovered .
' Oh well , it 's only a few dollars , ' you might say .
Indeed .
It 's more like millions .
Do n't give it to them .
Bloody well fight back ...
I love when clueless humans tell me to my face that women do n't like science fiction .
Usually they tell me this at a science fiction convention , after we have talked about scifi for an hour and I have said that I edit a science fiction blog .
These humans have an amazing ability to not believe their eyes , which is the only way I can explain what 's happening when somebody says to my face that women like me do n't exist .
And unfortunately , the SciFi Channel seems to have the same problem :
There 's an article in the New York Times today about how the channel boosted its ratings among women by de-emphasizing spaceships in Battlestar Galactica ads and airing supernatural horror movies .
I cannot believe the stupidity here .
Advertisement
According to the Times :
The network has expanded its audience , especially among women , chiefly by stretching the definition of science fiction . . .
It is not just " Star Trek " or " Star Wars " that would fit the definition .
Superheroes , Indiana Jones and even the baseball fantasy movie " Field of Dreams " would all be considered part of the genre as defined by Sci Fi's programmers . . .
The network has drawn more women by making subtle tweaks to marketing and programming .
In marketing materials for " Battlestar Galactica , " for example , there are no spaceships , and the story lines try to create more of a balance between action and emotion .
. . .
" There were a lot of misperceptions that Sci Fi was for men , that it was for young men and that it was for geeky young men , " said Bonnie Hammer , the president of NBC Universal Cable Entertainment , which oversees Sci Fi .
" We had to broaden the channel to change the misconceptions of the genre . "
One of the shows that did this was Steven Spielberg 's " Taken , " a miniseries shown for two weeks in 2002 that dominated those nights in the ratings .
While the series " literally put Sci Fi on the map , " Ms. Hammer said , it also exemplified the network 's notion of the genre with its main characters as human beings living on earth , not aliens on some far - off planet .
Advertisement
OK , so let me get this straight .
A woman ( Bonnie Hammer , quoted above ) ran the Sci Fi Channel for several years .
Octavia Butler ( yes , a woman ) won a MacArthur genius grant for her science fiction novels , and many of the editors at scifi mega- publisher Tor are women .
All of io9's editors are women .
A woman ( hi Bonniegrrl ! ) runs StarWars.com .
But women are n't interested in science fiction ?
You need to drain the spaceships out of BSG to attract women ?
( Though apparently you also attract women with spaceships , as Taken demonstrated . )
Sorry , but this kind of wacky logic says a lot more about people 's misperceptions of science fiction than it does about science fiction itself .
It 's true that there 's been a stereotype that science fiction is for men , just as there 's a stereotype that science itself is for men .
And those stereotypes are wrong .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
If there 's something keeping women away from enjoying science fiction , it 's not spaceships .
It 's not " aliens on some far - off planet . "
It 's the fact that people on our very own planet keep telling us that women are n't supposed to like science fiction .
It 's a self - confirming prophesy , because the more that scifi creators are told this , the more they imagine that their audience is all boys .
So they write rich , believable male characters and boring , cookie - cutter lady characters .
They organize conventions with panels devoted to shit like " the hottest women of science fiction " and nothing devoted to female heroes — or the kinds of hotties that straight women might want to see ( i.e. , men ) .
Women who do love science fiction see all this going down , and they are ashamed to admit that they like science fiction .
I 'm not saying this happens to all of us , but many women wind up assuming that there 's something wrong with them for liking SF .
After all , everybody keeps telling them that SF is for boys , and the only reason why women would like it is if the definition of SF is " expanded " to include magic and romance .
( Nothing against magic and romance , mind you — it 's just not typical of SF . )
Advertisement
And on top of all this load of crap , women who like SF sometimes get the impression that men do n't really want them to like it .
After all , if men really wanted women to hang out and talk to them about SF , those men would n't write exclusively about male characters and make jokes about how the fun thing to do at SF cons is hire hookers ( haw haw haw ) .
Luckily , it would appear that most people interested in SF do consider women to be part of the genre at this point .
Battlestar Galactica is a perfect example of the kind of SF that appeals to women and men equally because the show offers both male and female characters in positions of power ( and positions of yuck ) .
Women are gobbling this show up without shame not because ads eschew pictures of spaceships ( WTF ) , but because there are cool women characters in it .
Women love Joss Whedon shows like Firefly for the same reason .
Advertisement
And you know what ?
Women love tons of science fiction , regardless of how many boys are main characters , because they like good stories as much as the next guy .
They just might be ashamed to admit they like SF because they do n't want people to give them the old " you do n't exist " speech .
Or , worse , give them the old hairy - eyeball that really means " there is something wrong with you . "
So if the SciFi Channel is really concerned about courting women — which it really does n't have to be , since tons of women watch it — then maybe they should consider airing more shows about women .
In space .
On other planets .
Fighting monsters .
And maybe they should consider acting like it 's NORMAL for women to like stories about aliens ripping people 's faces off .
Instead of behaving as if they 've discovered fucking faster - than - light travel because they noticed that tons of women enjoy SF , create SF , write about SF , and goddamn live and breathe the stuff .
Hell , I 'm heading to an ENTIRE CON devoted to women and science fiction on Friday .
Advertisement
Next time somebody tells you that women do n't like science fiction , just send them to io9 .
Our phasers are not set to stun .
At SciFi Channel , Universe is Expanding [ New York Times ]
Initial Setup
I 'm sorry , but FreeBSD again .
Five minutes into Gentoo and it's already spitting error messages at me about port overlays , masked packages , updating configuration files for emerge , it just went on and on .
All I wanted was 915resolution for my widescreen monitor and it says " Masked package " when I try to install it .
Well that 's cool , but I need it for X .
Why is it even masked in the first place ?
I never had this problem with FreeBSD , the port worked and everyone was happy .
If they knew it was n't going to work , it was n't in the ports in the first place .
In order to continue from there , I had to manually edit a file that approved 915 resolution so that I could install it .
Is a question too difficult ?
Portage can't just say , " This package is not fully supported , are you sure you want to install it ? "
Sound .
Alsa blows .
Here 's my sound setup on FreeBSD .
kldload snd_hda
The sound works perfectly at this point .
Multiple programs can play sound at once and I 'm happy .
On Gentoo , I emerged the alsa - plugin , attempted to setup dmixer , kept screwing around with it until I eventually got sound working .
Okay , but now every time I try and play more than one sound , the second program wo n't play .
What is this ?
My soundcard / dev/dsp is already in use ?
What should I do now ?
Setup a ~/.asoundrc ?
Is it so hard to just make a sound system that can play more than one sound by default ?
The solution for this problem sucks anyways , I have to type aoss in front of every application that uses sound just so it can share the soundcard when I run them .
FreeBSD 's startup applications are easier to set too .
Basically if I want Apache2 on startup , I add the line
apache2_enable = " YES "
to /etc/rc.conf and everyone is happy .
Usually the port tells you to add this to your rc.conf after it is done installing , so there are no problems .
The Gentoo alternative is
rc-update add apache2 default
and it does n't even flow well with how Gentoo is setup .
Why the change of heart ?
Gentoo decided that in order for me to install an application that was masked , I had to manually edit a configuration file .
Now if I want to add a program to startup , I do n't edit a file , I run a program that does it for me .
Well what the hell , either make me edit the files , or have a program that handles it for me .
For licensing reasons beyond my knowledge , installing Java on Gentoo is a lot faster than FreeBSD , because FreeBSD requires a manual sign in to the Sun website to fetch the source , while Gentoo just grabs it for you .
That only applies to Java , but it was noticeably faster and less hectic to install Java on Gentoo .
The United Kingdom has the most surveillance cameras per capita in the world .
With the recent news that CCTV cameras do not actually deter crime , how can the local town councils justify the massive surveillance program ?
By going after pooping dogs .
In a recent interview with The Guardian , the head of the Metropolitan Police 's Visual Images Office explained the failings of CCTV :
" Billions of pounds has been spent on it , but no thought has gone into how the police are going to use the images and how they will be used in court .
It 's been an utter fiasco : only 3 percent of crimes were solved by CCTV .
There 's no fear of CCTV .
Why do n't people fear it ?
( They think ) the cameras are not working . "
Conjuring up the bogeymen of terrorists , online pedophiles and cybercriminals , the U.K. passed a comprehensive surveillance law , The Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act , in 2000 .
The law allows " the interception of communications , carrying out of surveillance , and the use of covert human intelligence sources " to help prevent crime , including terrorism .
Recent reports in the U.K. media indicate that the laws are being used for everything but terrorism investigations :
Derby City Council , Bolton , Gateshead , and Hartlepool used surveillance to investigate dog fouling .
Bolton Council also used the act to investigate littering .
The London borough of Kensington and Chelsea conducted surveillance on the misuse of a disabled parking pass .
Liverpool City Council used Ripa to identify a false claim for damages .
Conwy Council used the law to spy on a person who was working while off sick .
Privacy activists were , unsurprisingly , up in arms .
Shami Chakrabarti , director of human rights group Liberty , told the BBC that " you do n't use a sledgehammer to crack a nut , nor targeted surveillance to stop a litter bug . "
Liberty and other groups have called for a complete review of the law and its unplanned uses .
Is this surprising ?
Not really .
Just as we 've seen in the U.S. , once law enforcement and intelligence agencies are given new unchecked powers , abuse tends to happen .
The more secretive and unchecked the powers , the more widespread the abuse .
( See : Warrantless wiretapping , detainee torture , COINTELPRO , The CIA 's Operation Chaos . )
Thanks to Dizzy
Thinks for the tip .
Your business depends on collaboration between lots of people , from teammates to customers to partners and vendors .
Get everyone on the same page with one place to work together easily on your most important content .
After all , you should be sharing files , not frustration .
And you should have the peace of mind that it 's all secure .
An independent review of the floods of summer 2007 calls for the public to be given more information about the dangers of severe flooding , if dams are breached .
Firefighters were involved in a major operation to pump water out of Ulley Reservoir in South Yorkshire when it came close to breaching during the heavy rain .
As part of an EU funded study into dam vulnerability , scientists breached a dam in Norway to observe the results .
This speeded up footage shows how the dam is broken down within an hour .
Footage : OUTBREAK Project / HR Wallingford
By RICHARD PENDLEBURY
Last updated at 15:47 18 April 2008
This is the kind of question Mrs Merton might ask :
" So , Vladimir Putin , President of Russia , what do you see in a 24 - year - old , sensationally beautiful gymnast with a penchant for posing semi-naked that you do n't see in your lovely , middle - aged , matronly wife Ludmilla ? "
It is also the kind of question that hardly needs answering for the millions who have tuned in to the YouTube film of Alina Kabaeva performing a decidedly provocative gymnastic routine .
Scroll down for more ...
Just good friends ?
Russian president Vladimir Putin hands Alina Kabaeva the Order of Frienship at an awards ceremony in the Kremlin in 2001
This sudden frenzied interest in a woman who , until yesterday , was frankly a rather obscure Russian athlete , comes after a Moscow newspaper reported that Mr Putin recently split with Ludmilla and is preparing to marry the young and very pretty Miss Kabaeva .
Flower power : A Russian website alleged that Alina - seen here in one of her more provocative poses - was seen kissing Putin in a Moscow restaurant
Mr Putin today appeared to relish being linked to a beautiful gymnast less than half his age as he gave a press conference alongside Italian leader Silvio Berlusconi - himself no stranger to allegations of womanising .
Denying the claims of a divorce and marriage plans , 55 - year - old Mr Putin seemed to enjoy playing up the image of a ladies ' man .
" In other publications of the same type , the names of other successful , beautiful young women from Russia are mentioned , " he said .
" I think it wo n't be unexpected if I say that I like them all - just as I like all Russian women . "
He called women of his homeland " the most talented and beautiful " in the world - adding diplomatically : " If anyone can compete , it may be only Italian women . "
Despite his denials , some commentators wondered whether the rumoured link with the gymnast might explain why Mr Putin suddenly posed topless for the cameras on a Siberian fishing holiday last summer .
While his muscled and hairless torso were a particular hit among female and gay voters , perhaps he was simply trying to impress his new mistress .
There is added piquancy in the fact that , despite her youth , Miss Kabaeva has recently been made an MP .
The gymnast is one of a number of young and beautiful Russian dancers and athletes who , under Mr Putin 's patronage , have lately become deputies in the Duma - Russia 's lower parliament .
Scroll down for more
Natural beauty : Born in Tashkent , Uzbekistan , in 1983 , Alina moved into modelling after gymnastics .
She also appeared in an action movie
Racy edge : Alina 's raunchies shoot saw her pose naked with only fox furs to protect her modesty
Flexible friend : Alina competed in the new sport of rhythmic gymnastics for Russia at the Sydney and Athens Olympics
Known as Putinskie Krasotki - " Putin's Babes " - they were brought in with the cynical but successful aim of " sexing up " his United Russia party .
The bloc took more than 60 per cent of the vote in the December elections .
One Russian spin-doctor boasted at the time of their arrival in the Duma : " We are now definitely ahead of all parties in terms of ladies with sex appeal among our MPs .
" These young women are full of energy and eagerness to become serious law - makers . "
That remains to be seen .
After all , it would be like Gordon Brown packing the backbenches at Westminster with a confection of the pop group Girls Aloud , the triumphant British women 's cycling team and topless dancers from London nightclub Stringfellows .
To be fair to Miss Kabaeva - already promoted to deputy head of the Duma 's committee on youth affairs - she is more demure than her fellow Babes , one of whom has posed naked for Playboy .
All over ?
Putin and his 50 - year - old wife Ludmilla are rarely pictured together
Yes , Miss Kabaeva has taken off her clothes for a magazine , but poses tastefully wrapped in a fur rug .
Her modesty is protected by lingerie in other shots .
All the same , Ruth Kelly she ain't .
But how did Mr Putin actually get to know Miss Kabaeva ?
One of Russia 's most popular beauties , she is the reigning Olympic rhythmic gymnastic champion and global darling of the sport .
She is said to be blessed with " extreme flexibility " and practically unbeatable when performing " on the carpet " - to use a gymnastic term .
" I could not believe my eyes when I first saw her , " recalls her coach Irina Vine .
" The girl has the rare combination of two qualities crucial in rhythmic gymnastics - flexibility and agility . "
The sport is a combination of ballet , dance and gymnastics in which competitors manipulate ropes , balls , clubs , hoops and ribbons .
And Alina was very good .
Aged only 15 , she won the gold medal in the 1998 European Championships .
The following year she secured the world title and was favourite to repeat the success at the 2000 Sydney Olympics .
Disaster struck , however , when she dropped her hoop and it rolled off the carpet .
She went home with only a bronze and all of Russia wept with her .
It is said that this was when she first came to Mr Putin 's attention and made his acquaintance .
There was more embarrassment at the Goodwill Games in Brisbane the following year when , having won five medals , she tested positive for a banned diuretic .
Tough guy : President Putin happily poses for pictures during a fishing trip to Siberia last year .
He is more reluctant to be pictured with wife Ludmilla
She was stripped of her titles , though her coach said that it had been an honest mistake , caused by using an Australian food supplement .
Joy was unconfined when Alina won the All - Around rhythmic gold medal at the 2004 Athens Olympics .
The sport had a new superstar and pin-up girl .
But a knee injury was dogging her career and , after one retirement and a comeback , she announced in February that her time on the carpet was at an end ...
Time to concentrate on politics and support for her President .
What then of the first First Lady ?
50 - year - old Ludmilla Putin 's talents lie in linguistics .
She has a degree in Spanish , can speak French and has taught German at Leningrad State University in Mr Putin 's home city of St Petersburg .
She married him there in July 1983 .
At the time of the wedding , Miss Kabaeva , was only two months old .
Ludmilla followed her husband on his KGB postings and lived in East Germany for four years , where one of their two daughters , Maria and Katja now aged 23 and 21 , were born .
Many talents : Alina Kabaeva worked as a model and a waitress before becoming a MP
But rumours about the state of the Putin marriage have been rife for some time in Moscow media circles .
The story that she and the President have already , in fact , divorced appeared in the Moscow tabloid Moscovski Korrespondent .
The newspaper claimed that the secret divorce came through in February and that Mr Putin would marry the gymnast - turned - MP in St Petersburg on June 15 .
The article cited a source close to an event planning company saying the firm was competing for the right to host the wedding at an imperial palace on this date .
By that time , Mr Putin will have stepped down from the presidency and have been replaced by his hand - picked successor Dmitry Medvedev .
Mr Putin will become prime minister and chairman of the ruling party , United Russia .
No one in Russia or elsewhere believes that by leaving the office of president he will have relinquished any of his real power .
As the story of his divorce circulated around Moscow , it was claimed that Mr Putin had been seen having an intimate dinner with Kabaeva in a city centre restaurant earlier this year .
Last night , her father muddied the waters when he said he had n't heard if his daughter was marrying or not .
But he added : " If she marries such a man it will be great .
He 's quite similar to me . "
Neither the Kremlin nor a spokesman for Miss Kabaeva were prepared to comment .
Some even suggest the story has been deliberately leaked by the Kremlin to allow them to impose further restrictions on Russia 's mass media .
THE main impediment to the widespread use of solar power — clouds and nightfall aside — is the cost of the silicon cells that actually convert the sun 's rays into electricity .
To keep the expense down , people have been searching for ways to minimise the size of solar panels relative to the amount of light they can harvest .
Often , this is done using clunky pieces of kit called solar trackers , which tilt an array of mirrors so as to direct large amounts of sunlight onto small , high - performance cells .
Such trackers , however , are expensive to install and run , and are prone to heat the cells up too much , which reduces their efficiency and may damage them .
That , in turn , means the cells have to be fitted with pricey cooling systems .
An alternative now being tested is called the luminescent solar concentrator ( LSC ) .
Instead of focusing the sun 's rays on a cell , as a solar tracker does , an LSC first traps them , wherever they have come from , and then delivers them to the cell using what is known as a waveguide .
No moving parts are involved .
Many researchers around the world are working on LSCs .
The latest group to report , in a paper in this week 's Science , is led by Michael Currie and Jonathan Mapel of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
They reckon they can triple the efficiency of such devices , and thus launch them on the path to success .
A standard LSC is made of a sheet of plastic containing molecules of dye and stretched within a frame that is , in effect , a single long , thin solar cell .
The dye absorbs incoming sunlight , and then re-emits it .
The re-emitted light is trapped inside the plastic sheet by a process called total internal reflection , which causes it to bounce between the sheet 's surfaces without being able to escape , and thus guides it towards the circumferential solar cell .
( Optical fibres work in a similar way . )
Alas , this approach , too , has its limits .
In particular , some of the light is reabsorbed as it bounces around , and is lost as heat .
The more dye molecules there are , the more light is lost .
On the other hand , you want a lot of dye molecules in order to absorb a lot of light in the first place .
A difficult balance has to be struck .
Dr Currie and Dr Mapel think they have found a way round this problem and , as a bonus , one that will also make LSCs easier to manufacture .
Their answer is to get rid of the plastic sheet .
Instead , they spray a sheet of glass with a mixture of dyes combined with a substance called tris ( 8 - hydroxyquinoline ) aluminium .
In combination , the dyes and the glass act as the waveguide , preventing light from escaping .
Meanwhile , the interaction between the different dye molecules and those of the tris ( 8 - hydroxyquinoline ) aluminium allows a quantum - mechanical phenomenon , called Förster energy transfer , to come into play .
This eliminates the reabsorption loss by ensuring that light is re-emitted at a frequency which the dye molecules cannot then reabsorb .
On top of this — literally — Dr Currie and Dr Mapel have come up with another trick : placing a second sandwich of dye and glass over the first .
The upper layer of dye intercepts high - energy light , such as ultraviolet .
The lower one captures longer wavelengths that have passed unperturbed through the upper , and also any lower - energy light that has been re-emitted within the top layer and somehow escaped .
The upshot is a device that , even as a prototype , converts ten times more of the incident light into electricity than a conventional solar cell — and another contestant in the increasingly crowded race to replace old - fashioned power generation with electricity from the sun .
Formatting may be lacking as a result .
If this article is un-readable please report it so that we may fix it .
Posted on March 19 , 2008 , Stephany The Sims 3 Screenshots Arrive
The first screenshots for the eagerly anticipated Sims 3 have finally hit .
With the omission of load screens when walking from one area to the other and seeing other Sims as you walk down the street - the game is promising to be more immersive than ever before .
Plus , it will also provide you with a way to cater to the voyeuristsic side of you that in real life would get you arrested .
Want to peek in the windows of your neighbors ?
You can !
Want to customize your Sim like never before ?
You can do that too .
The possibilities seem endless this time around , so if you are a devoted Sims player , the changes made with this installment should make you very happy .
Details are still a bit thin at this point , but what we do know about Sims 3 so far can be found here and here along with more screenshots here .
YouTube videos that show a group of friends apparently cooking kernels of popcorn with their cellphones have been viewed more than a million times since they were uploaded last week .
The clever parlor trick ( see embedded clip ) looks amazing enough , but there 's a hitch :
It 's not physically possible , according to University of Virginia physics professor Louis Bloomfield .
" [ The videos ] are cute , " said Bloomfield in a phone conversation Monday .
" But that 's never gonna happen . "
In a microwave oven , energy excites the water inside popcorn kernels until it turns into highly pressurized gas , causing the kernels to pop .
If mobile phones emitted that much energy , the water in the fingers of people holding them would heat up .
" It would hurt like crazy , " Bloomfield said .
" Cellphones probably warm your tissues , but studies indicate that 's not injurious . "
Bloomfield , author of How Everything Works : Making Physics
Out of the Ordinary , dismissed theories bubbling up in comment threads about the videos that suggest harmonious vibrations are heating the corn .
" Ringing the phones does n't help because they 're interfering with each other and receiving a signal [ from a cellphone tower ] – not transmitting it , " he said .
Furthermore , while it is possible to heat with sound , it 's not likely to happen at the low volume emitted by a mobile phone .
" It would be like gathering opera singers together to sing , and trying to make the corn pop , " Bloomfield said .
So , what 's really causing the kernels to ricochet off the table in the YouTube clips ?
Bloomfield suggests tricky video editing or even a covert heating element beneath the table .
Debunker website Snopes.com also points out that cooking popcorn with cellphones is impossible ( same goes for eggs ) .
The popcorn videos , like the slew of YouTube clips showcasing ordinary people performing extraordinary feats that came before them , has the distinct markings of a viral - marketing campaign .
Let 's look at the facts .
First , all four videos – French ,
Japanese and two American editions – were posted to the YouTube accounts of users bobtel08 and benzin513 ( with French descriptions ) within several days of one another .
Second , a cryptic bit of commentary posted alongside one of the videos says : " We tried but did n't make it ... maybe only with phone brands or models ??? "
It could be a subtle hint to get viewers to notice the phones more than the stunt .
And , indeed , several comments have suggested the phones all appear to be similar makes and models , possibly Nokias or Sony Ericsson mobiles .
For now , however , the clandestine origin of the videos is under wraps .
Bobtel08 , benzin513 and Nokia did not immediately respond to Wired.com 's requests for comment , and a representative from Sony Ericsson North America said he was n't aware of the videos at all .
See also :
Underwire 2.0 : Jenna Wortham's Del.icio.us feeds ; The Underwire on Twitter and Facebook .
When the US 173rd Airborne 's Charlie Company try to speak to a Pashtun elder , the gulf is so great even the interpreters have given up interpreting .
John D McHugh reports
Contrary to George Bush 's and Tony Blair 's assertions - the war on terror is NOT about bringing freedom to the world .
It " may " be about bringing democracy ( although I doubt it ) - but certainly not freedom .
In fact , the war on terror is a direct ATTACK on freedom .
Terrorism is as old as history .
And just so we are all on the same page regards a definition of terrorism - what I mean by that word is the policy of achieving political ends by means of violence against non-combatants .
In other words , a strategy of attacking innocent people in order to get what you want .
Every terrorist has a political agenda .
It could be to get the British out of Northern Island ; to get the Jews out of Palestine ; or to get the Americans out of the Middle East .
The world is littered with similar examples .
If you go out and shoot up 10 people , without any overt political agenda , then you are not a terrorist - but a mass murderer .
Terrorism is a strategy for achieving political ends .
Unlike nation states , which can achieve their political objectives by violence against other nation states ( including killing non- combatants within those states ) and call it " war " - terrorists have no state to sanction their violence .
They are on their own .
Prior to 9 - 11 , terrorism was part of the geopolitical landscape , a fact of everyday life .
Hotspots of terrorism were everywhere , but people just got on with life as best they could .
But when the USA was attacked , suddenly terrorism was on the main agenda , and the USA declared a war on it .
They declared a war on a strategy - something unique in military history .
Other countries , Russia and China included , gleefully jumped aboard the " war on terrorism " bandwagon , seeing an opportunity for them to get tough on local malcontents - with the full support of the US .
I think it was Jesus who said , " Ye shall know a tree by its fruits " - or something like that .
And so it is with this war on terrorism .
You only have to look at the actual results to know what the war is really about .
It 's about locking down your freedoms - permanently .
In the name of fighting this war , screeds of anti-freedom legislation have hit the streets running , with very little opposition .
And what 's worse , the USA is not content to simply wage this war by itself , and enslave its own people in the process - but it is leaning on the whole world to follow suit .
And it is .
Ultimately , it comes down to a deal like this - " We will make you secure from terrorists , if you allow us to set up the omnipotent , surveillance state . "
The hidden tradeoff is that you give away most of your freedom in exchange for a dubious security .
The name of the game is fear .
Fear is used to silence opposition to this policy .
Fear of being called a traitor .
Fear of being nuked .
Fear of dying a terrible death by a biological agent .
Fear of having to jump out of tall buildings .
Fear of the bogeyman .
Is all this fear justified ?
Is terrorism all it 's cracked up to be ?
Do you really stand to lose YOUR life at the hands of a terrorist ?
Personally , I think not .
I believe I have more chance of dying in an automobile accident .
At least , that 's what I felt when driving by taxi around a major city in China recently !!
I have far more fear of statism than of terrorism .
And I have history on my side : the millions of Chinese killed by the Japanese state , and the millions more killed by their own state ; the millions of Jews killed by the German State ; the millions of Russians killed by their own state ; and of course , the millions killed in both World Wars - by all states concerned .
Death by terrorism is factually and statistically far less significant that death by statism .
Before 9 - 11 , the dangers of terrorism were considered to be marginal enough not to have to reshape civil society .
That all changed when the USA declared " war . "
The event that changed the world , or at least provided a trigger for changing the world , was the huge , unexpected attack on the World Trade Center .
If this attack had been in any other country , it 's very likely that no war on terror would have been declared .
But it was n't , and it was .
Although I 'm skeptical of various conspiracy theories , there are some things that really bother me about that event .
And the thing that bothers me most is the fact that when it occurred , nobody put their hand up to claim responsibility .
That 's really odd , because in every other terrorist attack , the perpetrators are always keen to claim responsibility - because they want to further their political agenda by drawing attention to it .
So keen , in fact , that you often get the situation where more than one terrorist group claims responsibility for the same attack - in order to gain street " cred , " I suppose .
What 's the point in destroying buildings in a spectacular way - in order to further your political aims and get what you want - if you do n't stand up defiantly and say , " We did it ! "
But that 's what happened .
Al Qaeda did not claim responsibility .
Osama bin Laden did not put up his hand .
Sure , since then he 's stated his support for the attack - but at the time there was no such admission .
The other thing that bothers me about this event is the fact it was so ambitious , so huge , so well - planned - more than any other terrorist attack anywhere , anytime , before or since - that it is highly probable it was beyond the capabilities of Al Qaeda .
It actually smells of state complicity - a sort of " Reichstag Fire " event .
The question is - what state ?
And that 's where the conspiracy theories run short of proof .
We know , of course , that the USA immediately accused Osama bin Laden - and the rest is history .
War was declared - and the whole world was invited to be " either with us or against us . "
The nation states of world jumped into line .
In order to push the anti-freedom agenda of this war on terror , it was necessary to obliterate any real political reason behind the 9 - 11 attack .
This was done by declaring that we were at war against those who " hate our freedoms . "
And so the war became one of so - called freedom lovers against the freedom " haters . "
Nice and simple - if you 're simple enough to believe it .
But all terrorists have political objectives - and just " hating our freedoms " does n't cut it .
From that moment on , it was downhill fast .
The Patriot Act ; the global crackdown on so - called " money laundering " - requiring new and onerous " know your customer " legislation ; calls for national databases and ID cards ; demands for trial without jury and imprisonment without trial ; the setting up of extralegal prison camps and torture chambers ; the persistent attack on constitutional rights - whether of the written variety ( as in the USA ) or the Common Law variety , as in the UK .
All this is being done in the name of " freedom and democracy " - shouted from the rooftops by the articulate and not - so - articulate leaders of the " free " world , and reported by a compliant and scared - shitless media .
It 's a scam of the highest order .
I can assure you that none of your leaders is in the slightest bit interested in YOUR freedom - just your compliance with their wishes .
The cry of " Freedom and Democracy " is just a front for a much larger and more important geopolitical agenda .
Like a great Hollywood drama , the war on terror is being screened in living rooms world - wide - 24/ 7 .
It 's also the soap opera of our times .
" The Bold and the Thuggish " or " The Days of our Wretched Lives . "
Take your pick .
It would be funny if it was n't for the fact that these bastards are actually getting away with it - for now .
Is there any hope of this deception and Orwell - speak crashing and burning ?
Yes , there is some hope - the possibility that facts might catch up with the perpetrators .
But such well - deserved justice could be a long time coming .
Or it might not .
I 've been particularly interested in the recent displays of " people power " - as seen in Georgia , Ukraine and Kyrgyzstan .
I do n't understand enough about the local political realities to know whether these " revolutions " are good or bad - or just a waste of time .
But I do relish the implication that people can simply , when they 've had enough , down tools and march on the seat of government power and scare their leaders away !
I like this idea a lot .
In fact , I openly encourage it .
And while our western leaders generally seem to be in favour of it also ( as they believe they are moves to " democracy " ) , there could be a hidden warning in there for them also .
Such demonstrations of " people power " do serve to prove one essential truth - that those in power are only there as long as we allow them to be .
It 's called the consent of the governed .
So , watching various " governed " getting rid of their government has a certain attraction , and reminds us of the possibility of it happening at home - perhaps in your own country !
At some point , I 'm hoping we in the developed world will wake up to the loss of our freedoms - point the finger at those who are responsible , and laugh them out of office .
Okay , maybe the laughing wo n't work - but the majority of people simply saying " enough " and withdrawing active support would do it .
In the end , it comes down to this :
Do you value your security more than your freedom ?
Would you willingly trade away your freedoms for security ?
Or , more to the point - would you swap the freedom to lead your life as you will for the security of a prison camp ?
It 's a sad fact that most people value security above freedom - and it also explains why our governments can trash long standing traditions and laws in their quest for total dominance - while most people stand idly by , or worse - cheering .
It is in this environment that standing up for your rights as a human being is so important .
No , you are not expected to stand in front of a tank , or put yourself in harm 's way by overtly challenging the state .
Remember , they have the GUNS .
But you can quietly and effectively increase your own freedom - in the face of such clampdowns - if you want it bad enough .
And the real fun starts when you say " enough ! "
In their book , Idealized Design : How to Solve Tomorrow ’s Crisis … Today ( Wharton School Publishing ) , authors Russell L. Ackoff , Jason Magidson and Herbert J. Addison build upon a simple notion .
They argue that , “ the way to get to the best outcome is to imagine what the ideal solution would be and then work backward to where you are today . ”
This excerpt , based on Ackoff ’s experience , shows how the process worked at Bell Labs in the 1950s .
Idealized design is a way of thinking about change that is deceptively simple to state :
In solving problems of virtually any kind , the way to get the best outcome is to imagine what the ideal solution would be and then work backward to where you are today .
This ensures that you do not erect imaginary obstacles before you even know what the ideal is .
Nothing better illustrates the power of this idea in action than the experience that one of the authors , Russell L. Ackoff , had many years ago .
The experience both enlightened him and proved to him that the idea could facilitate profound change in a major corporation .
To relate the experience , this author “ steps forward ” :
In every life , there are seminal experiences that exert their influence on a great deal of experience that follows .
The one that is responsible for this book took place in 1951 .
I was then a member of the faculty of Case Institute of Technology in Cleveland , Ohio .
( It had not yet merged with Western Reserve University . )
On a consulting trip to New York , I drove down to Bell Labs in Murray Hill , New Jersey , to see Peter Meyers , a manager whom I ’d met when he had come to Case to recruit promising graduate students for the labs .
It so happened that on the day of my visit he and other managers had been summoned to an important — but last - minute — conference by the vice president of Bell Labs .
After some hesitation , Peter Meyers said , “ Why do n’t you come with me ? ” I pointed out it was a meeting for section heads and I was not even an employee of the labs .
He said that no one would know the difference .
We arrived at a typical classroom that held about forty people and was almost full .
The vice president was not there yet .
Nor did he appear on time .
This was very unusual .
He was a big man , extroverted , and voluble .
He could not get near someone without punching , pinching , pushing , hugging , or pounding them on the back .
About ten minutes after the hour , the door to the room squeaked open .
All eyes turned to it , and there he was .
He was obviously very upset .
He was a pasty gray and bent over as he slowly shuffled down the aisle without a word to anyone .
He mounted the platform , stood behind the podium , put his elbows on it , and held his head in his two hands , looking down .
The room was dead silent .
Finally , he looked up and in an uncharacteristically meek voice said , “ Gentlemen , the telephone system of the United States was destroyed last night . ”
Then he looked down again .
The room broke out in a hubbub of whispered conversations saying that his statement was not true .
Many in the room had used a phone that morning .
The vice president looked up and said , “ You do n’t believe the system was destroyed last night , do you ?
Some of you probably used the phone this morning , did n’t you ? ”
Most of the heads in the room shook with assent .
The vice president began to tremble with rage .
He shouted , “ The telephone system was destroyed last night and you had better believe it .
If you do n’t by noon , you ’ll be fired . ”
He then looked down again .
“ What was wrong with the VP ? ” everyone was asking each other .
But because discretion is the better part of valor where one ’s boss is involved , the whispers stopped as all waited for further word from him and an explanation of his erratic behavior .
The vice president looked up and glowered at the group .
Then he suddenly straightened up , his normal color seemed to return , and he broke out in a great big belly laugh .
All those in the room also began to laugh .
They did not know why they were laughing , but it released the tension that his unusual behavior had created .
It began to dawn on all of us that his behavior had been a trick .
After the laughter died down , he said in his normal voice with his normal demeanor , “ What was that all about ?
Well , in the last issue of the Scientific American , ” he said , “ there was an article that said that these laboratories are the best industrially based R&D laboratories in the world .
I agreed , but it got me thinking . ”
He reached into the inside pocket of his jacket and withdrew a piece of paper and said , “ I ’ve made a list of those contributions to the development of telephonic communications that I believe have earned us this reputation .
Before I share my list with you , I ’d like your opinions .
What do you think are the most important contributions we have ever made to this development ? ”
Almost every hand in the room went up .
He called on one of those with a raised hand .
He said , “ The dial . ” “ Right , ” said the vice president .
“ This is certainly one of the most important .
Do any of you know when we introduced the dial ? ”
One in the room volunteered a date in the 1930s .
The vice president agreed .
He then asked , “ When was it developed ? ”
No one knew .
He said he had not known either but had looked it up before he came to the meeting .
He said , “ It was before 1900 . ”
We were surprised to say the least .
He pressed on , asking for another candidate .
The next one offered was multiplexing , a way of transmitting multiple conversations simultaneously over one wire .
This yielded an enormous increase in the capacity of AT&T ’s network .
“ Right , ” the vice president repeated .
He once again asked when it has been introduced .
Someone knew it had been between the two world wars .
The vice president confirmed this and asked , “ When was it invented ? ”
No one knew .
Again he revealed that it was before 1900 .
He asked for one more suggestion .
The person he called on said , “ The coaxial cable that connected the United States and Great Britain . ”
The vice president agreed and asked when it had been built .
Someone knew : 1882 .
“ Does n’t it strike you as odd , ” he said , “ that the three most important contributions this laboratory has ever made to telephonic communications were made beofre any of you were born ?
What have you been doing ? ” he asked .
“ I ’ll tell you , ” he said .
“ You have been improving the parts of the system taken separately , but you have not significantly improved the system as a whole .
The deficiency , ” he said , “ is not your ’s but mine .
We ’ve had the wrong research - and - development strategy .
We ’ve been focusing on improving parts of the system rather than focusing on the system as a whole .
As a result , we have been improving the parts , but not the whole .
We have got to restart by focusing on desiging the whole and then designing parts that fit it rather than vice versa .
Therefore , gentlemen , we are going to begin by designing the system with which we would replace the existing system right now if we were free to replace it with whatever system we wanted , subject to only two not -very - restrictive constraints .
“ First , ” he continued , “ let me explain why we will focus on what we want right now , not out five or ten years .
Why ?
Because we know that where we say today we would like to be five years from now is not where we will want to be when we get there .
Things will happen between now and then that will affect our goals and objectives .
By focusing on what we want right now , we can eliminate that potential source of error . ”
“ Second , why remove practically all constraints ?
Because if we do n’t know what we would do now if we could do whatever we wanted , how can we know what to do when we ca n’t do everything we want ?
If we knew what we would do with virtually no constraints , we could modify it , if necessary , to become feasible and adapt it to changing internal and external conditions as time goes on . ”
“ Now , here are the two constraints .
First , technological feasibility .
This means we cannot use any but currently available knowledge .
No science fiction .
We ca n’t replace the phone with mental telepathy .
The second constraint , ” he said , was that “ the system we design must be operationally viable .
What does that mean ?
Because we are not changing the environment , it means that the system must be able to function and survive in the current environment .
For example , it will have to obey current laws and regulations . ”
The vice president then said , “ This group is too large to operate as a single group .
Therefore , I am going to divide you into six subgroups of about six each , each with responsibility for a subsystem .
Each group will select a representative to meet with other representatives at least once a week to discuss interactions .
Let me explain .
“ Each group will be able to design whatever it wants as long as it does not affect any other group ’s design .
If what a group wants to do does affect one or more other groups ’ designs , it must get their agreement before it can be included in their design .
I can tell you in advance , ” he said , “ that the groups will do little that does not affect other groups .
At the end of the year , ” he said , “ I want to see one completely integrated system design , not six subsystem designs .
I do n’t even want to know what the individual teams came up with .
Is that clear ? ” he asked .
He created a “ long lines ” ( inter - city communication ) team , a “ short lines ” ( within city communication ) team , a switching stations team , two other teams , and finally the telephone set team , on which I found myself with my friend Peter Meyers .
When the meeting was adjourned , the teams immediately gathered so that their members got to know each other .
When Peter introduced me to the other members of our team , they thought it very funny that an “ outsider ” had successfully invaded their meeting .
But , they said , the vice president had not precluded their use of “ outsiders . ”
Therefore , they invited me to participate in the effort .
As a result , I spent a great deal of time in the next year with that team .
What a learning experience it was !
The first meeting took place after lunch that day .
The seven of us , six from the labs and I , met in a small breakout room .
After the amenities , we discussed where we should begin .
We decided to list the properties we wanted a telephone to have .
We noted suggestions on a pad mounted on an easel .
The first few were as follows :
Every call I receive is intended for me — no wrong numbers .
I want to know who is calling before I answer the phone so I need not answer it if I do n’t want to speak to the caller .
A phone I can use with no hands .
A phone that comes with me wherever I am , not one I have to go to in a fixed location .
We continued to add to this list for several weeks , ending with just more than ninety properties we wanted a phone to have .
These properties became very complicated near the end .
For example , we wanted to be able to talk simultaneously to groups in multiple locations , see all of them , and be able to transmit documents or charts instantaneously .
But we ran dry .
We noted , however , that we had designed nothing yet , so decided to try our hands at it .
We decided to select the first property on our list — no wrong numbers — and see if we could design a phone that met this requirement .
At this point , I almost destroyed my credibility in the group by pointing out that there were two kinds of wrong numbers .
One consisted of having the right number in one ’s head but dialing it incorrectly .
The other consisted of having the wrong number in one ’s head and dialing it correctly .
One member of the group immediately pointed out that if one had the wrong number in one ’s head and dialed it incorrectly , one might get the right number .
Fortunately , the group decided this was too rare to be of concern but that the percentage of wrong numbers of each type was of concern .
Here I was able to save credibility a bit because I knew the head of the psychology department at the labs .
I called him using the phone in the room .
After the amendities , I asked him if he had ever done any work on wrong numbers .
He exploded at the end of the line .
It was minutes before I could understand him .
It turned out that he had been doing work on wrong numbers for a number of years , and I was the first one to ask him about it .
He wanted to unload all of his results on me .
I had to convince him otherwise .
After he calmed down , I learned that four out of five wrong numbers were the result of incorrectly dialing the right number in one ’s head .
We decided to go to work on this .
An amazing thing happened ; in less than an hour , we found a way , conceptually , to reduce , if not eliminate , such errors .
We replaced the dial by — what did not exist at that time — a small handheld calculator .
There were ten keys , one for each digit , a register , and a red key in the lower - right corner .
The phone was to be used as follows .
Leaving the phone “ on the hook , ” one would put into the phone the number one wanted to call by pressing the appropriate buttons .
These numbers would appear on the register .
If these numbers , on examination , appear to be correct , one would lift the receiver and the whole number would go through at once .
If the number on the register was wrong , one would press the red button in the corner .
This would clear the phone , and one would start over .
We were very pleased with ourselves , but nevertheless we recognized that we did not know whether such a phone was technologically feasible .
( The handheld calculator was not yet available . )
Therefore , we called a department of the lab that worked on miniaturization and asked for technical help .
They sent two young men down to our meeting .
They appeared to be fresh out of school , still wearing their intellectual diapers .
As we described what we were trying to do , they began to whisper to each other and were soon more absorbed in their private conversation than in what we were saying .
This bothered us , but such behavior was not entirely unexpected in an R&D laboratory .
However , they suddenly got up and hurried out of the room with no explanation .
We were furious but decided to let it pass for the time being .
We went on to another property .
Several weeks later , the young men appeared at one of our sessions looking sheepish and apologetic .
They said , “ You probably wondered why we ran out on you when we were here last . ”
We told them this was an understatement .
They explained , “ We were very excited by what you were doing but not for the reasons you were .
We did not want to take the time to explain .
That wrong - number stuff was not as interesting as the buttons . ”
They went on , “ We went back and built a push - button telephone and tested it on a very large number of people .
It turns out to take about twelve seconds less to put in seven digits by pushing buttons than turning a dial , and additional time is saved by not occupying a line until after the number is put in and the receiver is picked up .
The combined saving in time is worth millions to AT&T , ” they said , “ so we have started a project to develop that telephone .
We have given it a code name that is being kept secret for now . ”
They looked around the room to be sure no one was listening and then told us , “ Touch tone . ”
Before the year was over , the groups had established the technological feasibility of each of our many design features .
The group of design teams continued to work after I was no longer a participant , and they anticipated every change in the telephone system , except two , that has appeared since then .
Among these are touch - tone phones , consumer ownership of phones , call waiting , call forwarding , voice mail , caller ID , conference calls , speaker phones , speed dialing of numbers in memory , and mobile phones .
They did not anticipate photography by the phone or an Internet connection .
The impact of the design we produced was greater than the impact of any other effort to change a system that I had ever seen .
As a result , I began to adapt and modify the procedure to fit such other applications that we describe in this book .
As you will see , its use has been extensive and is still growing .
This experience is a convincing example of how idealized design can literally move mountains of change .
However , applying the process involves not only discarding old mindsets that inhibit creative thinking but knowing the steps that we have learned work best in applying it .
The book is intended to take you through the process with many examples of different organizations in different industries .
A special offer from Wharton School Publishing
http://www.whartonsp.com/summerreading
Platypus Genes Hint at Human Scrotum Origins
The genome of the odd creature may reveal clues to our own development .
May 8 , 2008  --
For most guys , it 's just another fact of life -- but for scientists , the existence of the scrotum is something of a mystery .
Now , thanks to a new genetic study released Wednesday in the journal Genome Research , the duck - billed platypus is shedding some light where , well , the sun does n't usually shine .
Suffice it to say , the scrotum is a crucial structure .
In humans , sperm do best at temperatures a bit below 98.6 degrees .
By holding the testes away from the body , the scrotal sac allows optimal development of sperm .
But the scrotum is n't exactly practical in other ways .
Ask any man who 's ever been kicked there .
So , why did n't we just evolve lower body temperatures ?
Or , rather , sperm that like it hot ?
Evolution is a funny thing .
It builds on twists and turns , due to chance , keeping what 's useful and discarding what 's not .
If a mutation occurs that promotes survival , it tends to be passed along .
In the case of the platypus , that 's led to a face like a duck and a tail like a beaver .
In humans , it 's given us a high body temperature , which lets us stay active , even when it 's cold outside .
And it 's given us the male scrotum .
So , how does a funny - looking animal from Australia help us explain human male anatomy ?
The platypus shares characteristics with a number of other kinds of animals .
It has milk glands , which means it 's a mammal -- same as humans , dogs , cats , elephants , and so on .
It has fur like most mammals , too .
But it walks like a reptile and lays eggs like a bird .
And like chickens and frogs ( and unlike most other mammals ) , it keeps its testes safely inside its abdomen .
The platypus can get away with this because its body temperature is cooler than ours .
All this means is that , in many ways , the platypus is sort of a link between those other kinds of animals and us .
And , in fact , scientists have been studying the platypus genome to try to understand more about how mammals evolved .
One group of researchers at Stanford University , led by assistant professor of obstetrics and gynecology Sheau Yu Teddy Hsu , has looked at what the platypus can teach us about the male anatomy .
Fish , frogs , platypuses and humans all share a common ancestor at some point in the distant past , which means we have a lot of genes in common .
Mutations in those genes are why we all look so different now .
But a gene can't just suddenly change its function .
" If you have only one gene , and it needs to do something , it can't change because it would change the whole cellular machinery , " Hsu said .
The key turns out to be two genes that have a common origin .
Sometime before frogs , platypuses and humans all evolved , that original gene was accidentally duplicated .
In frogs , both copies make a similar protein .
In humans , the two copies have very different roles .
One of those roles is to make the testes descend into the scrotum .
But again , it is n't likely that these changes happened all at once .
The genes had to change one at a time , so that their original function was n't lost all at once .
That 's where the platypus comes in .
It has one gene that resembles a human one , and one that resembles the version in frogs .
Basically , Hsu said , the platypus reveals the evolutionary " bridge " between frogs , birds and reptiles , which keep their testicles inside their bodies , and humans , which have them swinging outside .
And in fact , it did n't take much to get to the gene that causes testicular descent :
If just one more small mutation had occurred , platypus males might have developed scrotums , just like us .
Then again , it would n't have done them much good :
With their lower body temperature , they do n't need to keep their testes cool .
But for humans , that one small change led to a whole new process -- and a way to keep the advantage of a high body temperature without losing the ability to reproduce efficiently .
Nokia 's been in bed with Symbian for many , many years through the development of its S60 platform -- the world 's most populous smartphone platform , dont ' cha know -- and they 're taking that relationship to its endgame today by announcing that they 'll be acquiring the remaining shares of Symbian that they do n't already own .
Here 's where it gets interesting , though : rather than taking Symbian 's intellectual private for Nokia 's own benefit , the goods will be turned over to the Symbian Foundation , a nonprofit whose sole goal will be the advancement of the Symbian platform in its many flavors .
Motorola and Sony Ericsson have signed up to contribute UIQ assets , while NTT DoCoMo ( which uses Symbian - based wares in a number of its phones ) will be donating code as well .
Other Symbian Foundation members include Texas Instruments , Vodafone , Samsung , LG , and AT&T ( yep , the same AT&T that currently sells precisely one Symbian - based phone ) , so things could get interesting .
The move clearly seems to be a preemptive strike against Google 's Open Handset Alliance , LiMo , and other collaborative efforts forming around the globe with the goal of standardizing smartphone operating systems ; the writing was on the wall , and Symbian did n't want to miss the train .
Total cash outlay for the move will run Nokia roughly € 264 million -- about $ 410 million in yankee currency .
Update :
It 's worth noting that the foundation plans to make the entire platform available as open source in the next two years -- " select components " at launch .
Read - Creation of Symbian Foundation
Read - Acquisition of Symbian by Nokia
Last week 's post about a guy absolutely losing his shit in a becubicled office turned out to be a viral ad for Wanted , that new action film with James MacAvoy and Angelina Jolie .
I guess the video could be considered a success in that it was convincing and popular , but the fact that it is associated with a commercial film was and will remain lost on just about everyone .
[ Cinematical via Gawker ]
Mmm , blatant thievery [ Jun. 3rd , 2008 | 12:04 pm ] master_gopher
Enthusiasts of Linux will be familiar with Mr Tux , here :
So I was a both surprised and more than a little disgruntled to find that there is now an instant scratch - it featuring penguins who look just a little too similar :
( Bigger Image )
You can't really see it in the scan , but they even have the same little shadows on his rather pudgy chest feathers .
As he's not copyrighted afaik , I do n't think there 's much can be done about it though .
( I did n't even win any money ! )
Intel mOS , Torvalds Commentary , Intel Gen12 Graphics , Zen 2 " XT " CPUs Topped Q3
As we approach the end of Q3'2020 there have been 783 original news articles on Phoronix this quarter and another 40 featured reviews / multi-page articles .
Here is a look back at what 's been keeping readers informed during this turbulent year .
3 Hours Ago - Phoronix - Q3-2020
Intel Has Been Working On OpenCL C 3.0 Support For Clang
Intel 's compiler experts in Moscow have been working on OpenCL C 3.0 support for the LLVM Clang compiler front - end .
7 Hours Ago - Intel - OpenCL C 3.0 For Clang
Mali G72 Now Supported By Open -Source Panfrost Gallium3D Driver
The open - source Panfrost graphics driver , which is now backed / supported by Arm after starting as a reverse - engineering effort , has picked up support for the Mali G72 GPU .
29 September 01:14 PM EDT - Mesa - Panfrost + Mali G72
Initial Fedora 32 vs. Fedora 33 Beta Benchmarks Point To Slightly Higher Performance
In addition to Fedora Workstation 33 switching to Btrfs , there are a number of key components updated in Fedora 33 as well as finally enabling link - time optimizations ( LTO ) for package builds that make this next Fedora Linux installment quite interesting from a performance perspective .
Here are some initial benchmarks of Fedora Workstation 32 against the Fedora Workstation 33 Beta on an Intel Core i9 10900 K system .
29 September 11:00 AM EDT - Operating Systems
Fedora 33 Beta Released With Big Changes From LTO
To Btrfs
The beta of Fedora 33 is available this morning ahead of the official release expected at the end of October for this Red Hat sponsored Linux distribution .
29 September 09:40 AM EDT - Fedora - Fedora 33
Intel 's oneAPI Is Coming To AMD Radeon GPUs
While yesterday brought the release of Intel 's oneAPI 1.0 specification , the interesting news today is that oneAPI support is coming to AMD Radeon graphics cards .
29 September 09:00 AM EDT - Radeon - oneAPI + Radeon GPUs
NetBSD Has Some Wayland Support But X11
Is Far More Mature Following the news yesterday of NetBSD changing its default X11 window manager after two decades with TWM to now using CTWM by default , some wondered why they do n't jump on the Wayland bandwagon .
29 September 07:46 AM
EDT - Wayland - NetBSD + Wayland
MoltenVK 1.1 Update Brings Big Improvements For Vulkan On macOS MoltenVK 1.1 is out as a big update for this graphics translation layer for getting the Vulkan API running on macOS and iOS devices by translating calls to Apple 's Metal API .
29 September 06:41 AM
EDT - Vulkan - MoltenVK 1.1
Mesa 20.2 Released With RADV ACO By Default , Initial RDNA2 Graphics Support Mesa 20.2 has managed to release just before the end of the the quarter .
This Mesa Q3'2020 graphics driver update is coming out about one month behind schedule but the wait is worthwhile given many open - source OpenGL and Vulkan driver updates .
29 September 06:25 AM EDT - Mesa - Mesa 20.2
Mir 2.1 Released With Some New Protocol Support , Many Fixes Mir 2.1 has been released as Canonical 's project around offering a set of libraries for constructing Wayland shells particularly with Snap confinement support and other Ubuntu - focused features .
29 September 03:02 AM EDT - Ubuntu - Mir 2.1
Developers Try Again To Upstream Motorola 68000 Series Support
In LLVM
Hobbyist developers are trying once again to get a Motorola 68000 back - end merged into the upstream LLVM compiler .
Yes , the M68 k processors that are some 30 + years old .
29 September 12:02 AM EDT - LLVM - M68k
28 September
Red Hat 's Stratis 2.2 Linux Storage Solution Released
A new version of Stratis is ready to go as Red Hat 's open - source storage solution built atop LVM and XFS for offering easy and modern local storage management on Linux systems that aim to rival the likes of Btrfs and ZFS but without having to rely on a new file - system .
28 September 08:29 PM EDT - Linux Storage - Stratis 2.2
Micron Looks To Upstream Their Media Pool " Mpool " Object Storage To The Linux Kernel Micron 's Mpool is at the heart of their HSE Open - Source Storage Engine in providing an object storage media pool built atop block storage devices .
Micron engineers are now looking at possibly having Mpool upstreamed into the mainline Linux kernel .
28 September 02:40 PM EDT - Linux Storage - Micron Mpool
Intel oneAPI 1.0 Officially Released After announcing oneAPI at the end of 2018 and then going into beta last year , oneAPI 1.0 is now official for this open - source , standards - based unified programming model designed to support Intel 's range of hardware from CPUs to GPUs to other accelerators like FPGAs .
Intel 's oneAPI initiative has been one of several exciting software efforts led by the company in recent years while continuing to serve as one of the world 's largest contributors to open - source software .
28 September 01:00 PM EDT - Software
AMDVLK 2020 .Q3.6 Vulkan Driver Brings Several Fixes AMD driver developers today released AMDVLK 2020 .
Q3.6 as their latest open - source snapshot of their official Vulkan graphics driver .
28 September 08:40 AM EDT - Radeon - AMDVLK 2020 .Q3.6
LVFS / Fwupd Serve More Than 20 Million Firmware Downloads For Upgrades
On Linux
It was just earlier this summer that the Linux Vendor Firmware Service ( LVFS ) crossed 17 million firmware downloads while today the Linux hardware community is celebrating that already surpassing 20 million downloads !
28 September 07:45 AM
EDT - Hardware - LVFS
NetBSD Changes Its Default X11 Window Manager After Two Decades
It 's 2020 and NetBSD has changed its default X11 window manager after more than two decades with TWM .
28 September 07:00 AM EDT - BSD - CTWM
OpenSSH 8.4 Brings Better Support For FIDO / 2FA Keys Version 8.4 of OpenSSH has been released and among its wide assortment of changes is a lot of continued work on FIDO / 2FA key handling .
28 September 06:41 AM
EDT - BSD - OpenSSH 8.4
Vulkan 1.2.155 Released With EXT_shader_image_atomic_int64
Vulkan 1.2.155 is out this morning as a small weekly update over last week 's spec revision that brought the Vulkan Portability Extension 1.0 for easing software - based Vulkan implementations running atop other graphics APIs .
28 September 06:27 AM
EDT - Vulkan - EXT_shader_image_atomic_int64
MSM Adreno DRM Driver For Linux 5.10 Has DisplayPort , Per -Process Pagetables Rob Clark who founded the Freedreno / MSM driver project and current Googler sent in the MSM direct rendering manager driver updates targeting the upcoming Linux 5.10 merge window .
This time around the Adreno kernel graphics / display driver has some notable additions .
28 September 12:23 AM
EDT - Linux Kernel - MSM DRM
27 September
Linux 5.9 Stable Expected In Two Weeks , But For Now Is Linux 5.9 -rc7 Linus Torvalds just released Linux 5.9 -rc7 as the newest weekly test candidate for Linux 5.9 .
Due to the regressions encountered this cycle and prominent issues being resolved late , he 's looking at releasing Linux 5.9 in two weeks time rather than next week .
27 September 06:22 PM
EDT - Linux Kernel - Linux 5.9
More Vulkan NCNN Inference Benchmarks On AMD Radeon vs. NVIDIA GeForce Under Linux Given the interest from the RealSR - NCNN Vulkan benchmarks on various NVIDIA and AMD Radeon graphics cards looking at this neural network inference framework with the task of upscaling an image by 4 x the resolution using RealSR , here are some more benchmarks of the NCNN framework accelerated by Vulkan on different GPUs under Ubuntu Linux .
27 September 01:27 PM
EDT - Vulkan - NCNN Vulkan
Independent Developers Tackling Snapdragon 630/660 SoC Support For The Upstream Linux Kernel Qualcomm's Snapdragon 660 is approaching four years old and the Snapdragon 630 a bit younger than that , but these mobile phone SoCs may soon find renewed life on the upstream Linux kernel thanks to the work of community developers .
27 September 06:44 AM
EDT - Hardware - SDM630 / SDM660
DP - HDMI2.1 Protocol Converter Support Being Tackled For Intel Linux Graphics
Patches sent out on Friday provide an initial DP - HDMI2.1 PCON implementation for the Intel Linux kernel graphics driver .
27 September 06:24 AM
EDT - Intel - DP - HDMI2.1 PCON
26 September
KWinFT Projects Hit Beta Ahead Of Stable Releases Aligned With KDE Plasma 5.20 KWinFT as a fork of KDE's KWin focused on better Wayland support and other modernization efforts is approaching its first stable release next month around the same time as KDE Plasma 5.20 .
26 September 08:31 PM EDT - KDE - KWinFT Beta
Warzone 2100 Lands Vulkan Renderer , Adaptive V - Sync For 20 +
Year Old Game Warzone 2100 as the real - time strategy / tactics game that first premiered in 1999 before becoming open - source in 2004 and then fully open - source with game data in 2008 is now evolving in 2020 with Vulkan graphics support .
26 September 12:48 PM
EDT - Linux Gaming - Plus OpenGL ES
Debian 10.6 Released With Many Security & Bug Fixes While Debian 11 " Bullseye " is on the way for release next year , Debian 10.6 " Buster " is out this weekend as the latest stable installment for this GNU / Linux distribution .
26 September 10:47 AM
EDT - Debian - Debian 10.6
Mesa 20.3 Can Now Consume SPIR -V Binaries Generated
By LLVM 's libclc Microsoft 's work on Mesa continues with a Microsoft engineer reviving earlier work carried out by David Airlie for allowing SPIR - V binaries produced by LLVM 's libclc library to work with Mesa OpenCL .
26 September 10:02 AM EDT - Microsoft - Mesa 20.3 libclc SPIR-V
KDE Plasma 5.20 Should Be Crashing A Lot Less Under Wayland Following the recent Plasma 5.20 beta release , KDE developers have been landing many fixes for the Plasma 5.20 desktop ahead of its official release in October .
26 September 06:24 AM
EDT - KDE - Wayland Fixes
TALLAHASSEE , Fla . --
Superconductivity has perplexed , astounded and inspired scientists ever since it was discovered in 1911 .
Now , in the latest of a century of surprises , researchers at the National High Magnetic Field Laboratory at Florida State University have discovered unusual properties in a novel superconducting material that point to an entirely new kind of superconductor .
Frank Hunte , a postdoctoral associate at the lab 's Applied Superconductivity Center ( ASC ) , working with David Larbalestier , Alex Gurevich and Jan Jaroszynski , and colleagues in David Mandrus ' group at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee , discovered surprising magnetic properties in the new superconductors that suggest they may have very powerful applications Ñ from improved MRI machines and research magnets to a new generation of superconducting electric motors , generators and power transmission lines .
The research also adds to the long list of mysteries surrounding superconductivity , providing evidence that the new materials , which scientists are calling " doped rare earth iron oxyarsenides , " develop superconductivity in quite a new way , as detailed in the latest issue of the prestigious journal Nature .
Though research on this substance is very much in its early stages , scientists are talking excitedly of " promise " and " potential . "
" What one would like is a greater selection of superconductors , operating at higher temperatures , being cheaper , possibly being more capable of being made into round wires , " said Larbalestier , director of the ASC .
" Iron and arsenic , both inherently cheap materials , are key constituents of this totally new class of superconductors .
We 're just fascinated .
It 's superconductivity in places you never thought of . "
Superconductivity can be thought of as " frictionless " electricity .
In conventional electricity , heat is generated by friction as electrons ( electric charge carriers ) collide with atoms and impurities in the wire .
This heating effect is good for appliances such as toasters or irons , but not so good for most other applications that use electricity .
In superconductors , however , electrons glide unimpeded between atoms without friction .
If scientists and engineers ever harness this phenomenon at or near room temperature in a practical way , untold billions of dollars could be saved on energy costs .
That 's a big if .
Superconductivity , though promising , is still impractical in routine engineering use because it requires a very cold environment attainable only with the help of expensive cryogens such as liquid helium or liquid nitrogen .
Past discoveries have helped scientists inch their way up the thermometer , from superconductors requiring minus 452 degrees Fahrenheit ( or 4.2 Kelvin ) to newer materials that superconduct at around minus 200 degrees F ( 138 K ) Ñ still frigid , but substantially warmer and more practical .
Early this year , Japanese scientists who had been developing iron - based superconducting compounds for several years finally tweaked the recipe just right with a pinch of arsenic .
The result : a superconductor , also featuring oxygen and the rare earth element lanthanum , performing at a promising minus 413 degrees F ( 26 K ) .
The presence of iron in the material was another scientific stunner :
Because it 's ferromagnetic , iron stays magnetized after exposure to a magnetic field , and any current generates such a field .
As a rule , magnetism 's effect on superconductivity is not to enhance it , but to kill it .
Teams of scientists quickly got busy synthesizing and studying various iron oxyarsenides .
Larbalestier , eager to get in on the research , secured a sample from colleagues at Oak Ridge .
His objective :
Put it in the magnet lab 's 45 - tesla Hybrid magnet to see how high a magnetic field the new material could tolerate .
( Tesla is a unit of magnetic field strength ; the Earth 's magnetic field is one twenty thousandth of a tesla . )
Hunte and his colleagues thought the world - record Hybrid magnet would be more than sufficient to test the field tolerance limits of the new material .
They thought wrong :
The iron oxyarsenide kept superconducting all the way up to 45 tesla , far past the point at which other superconductors become normal conductors .
A high tolerance for magnetic field is one of three key properties researchers hope for in superconductors .
Also desirable are the abilities to operate at relatively high temperatures and in the presence of high electrical currents .
Superconductors are used to make MRI and research magnets , and now they are being tested in a new generation of superconducting electric motors , generators , transformers and power transmission lines .
Today , the most powerful superconducting magnet generates a field of about 26 tesla .
If a superconductor could be found that tolerates a higher current and field , it may make possible more powerful magnets , opening up vast new research areas to scientists and power applications .
Hunte 's experiment yielded other tantalizing findings .
Although scientists discovered half a century ago that superconducting electrons enter the " Cooper pair " state , pairing with opposite spin and momentum , magnetism was always thought to break such pairs .
Now the archetypal magnetic atom , iron , is a key part of this new class of high temperature superconductors .
Scientists have yet another puzzle to probe .
" So far , " said Hunte , " based on both theoretical calculations and what we 're seeing from the experiments , it seems likely that this is a completely different mechanism for superconductivity . "
Hunte is quick to say the group 's research barely scratches the surface .
" The field is completely open .
No one knows where this is going to go , " Hunte said .
" If it 's found that these materials can support high current densities , then they could be tremendously useful . "
###
The National High Magnetic Field Laboratory develops and operates state - of - the - art , high - magnetic - field facilities that faculty and visiting scientists and engineers use for research .
The laboratory , which is operated by a consortium composed of Florida State University , the University of Florida and Los Alamos National Laboratory , is sponsored by the National Science Foundation and the state of Florida .
To learn more , visit www.magnet.fsu.edu.
For more stories about Florida State University , visit our news site at www.fsu.com.
" Verona non è una città fascista né è neofascista la stragrande maggioranza dei veronesi " , commentava ieri Flavio Tosi , sindaco di Verona , una volta identificati gli ultras di estrema destra responsabili di aver ridotto in fin di vita , la sera del primo maggio , il giovane Nicola Tommasoli .
Certo che la maggioranza dei veronesi non è fascista .
Coloro che hanno un po ’ di buon senso si guardano bene dal colpevolizzare un ’intera collettività per delitti la cui responsabilità è sempre individuale .
La maggioranza degli elettori veronesi , però , ha votato e sostenuto un sindaco che ha fatto sua l’ideologia del suolo , delle radici e della comunità .
Della buona comunità .
Quella dei " nativi " , quella da preservare da contaminazioni " straniere " .
Quella che talvolta è necessario curare , magari dal virus dei rom , che a parere di Flavio Tosi sono per definizione delinquenti .
Come non ha mancato di dichiarare giorni fa a Matrix .
Ed allora non si può non rilevare che quei naziskin veronesi sono espressione di un certo clima - italiano - venutosi a creare da quando da più parti si è preso ad alimentare , strumentalizzare e cavalcare il tema della sicurezza .
Naziskin che forse ritengono una troppo debole risposta la costituzione di ronde padane se queste cominciano a sedurre anche a sinistra , e che allora si mettono a presidiare il territorio come alcuni adulti insegnano loro sia bene fare .
I vigilantes crociati in camicia verde girano armati solo di cellulare , vero – ma , si sa , i giovani sono portati a vivere l’impegno " politico " con maggiore eccitazione e foga rispetto ai grandi .
E se i grandi guardano con sospetto chi ha lineamenti maghrebini o accento slavo , loro , i giovani squadristi , alzano il tiro , e sentono di doversela prendere pure con quegli " autoctoni " che per i motivi più disparati paiono loro poco in linea con un ’ autoctonia doc .
Ecco perché da questa brutta vicenda qualcuno potrà capire che è proprio alimentando l’odio e l’intolleranza che si semina insicurezza .
Perché chiedere -o anche solo lasciare - che vengano offesi e violati i diritti degli " stranieri " , significa mettere un’ipoteca sui propri stessi diritti .
Perché quando si comincia ad emendare la carta dei diritti dell ' uomo , quando si cominciano a prevedere eccezioni e deroghe all ’inviolabilità della dignità umana , si sa chi viene colpito oggi , ma non chi potrà cadere domani .
Ma ci sarà pure –ahi noi- chi penserà a quei balordi come a compagni , anzi , a camerati che sbagliano .
Come a ragazzi mossi da giuste premesse ma giunti a conclusioni errate .
Nuovi resistenti che hanno ben compreso che la realtà prima e ultima non sono gli individui bens ì le comunità , e che nel tentativo di restituire la loro allo stampo originale hanno giusto spinto il bisturi troppo a fondo .
Chissà che tra chi fa sua quest ’ ottica non ci sia lo stesso Flavio Tosi .
Quell ’integerrimo primo cittadino di Verona che oggi fa professione di antifascismo ma che all ’indomani dell ’ insediamento della sua giunta comunale fece nominare in seno all ’Istituto Storico della Resistenza della città Andrea Miglioranzi , della Fiamma Tricolore , nonché ex frontman del gruppo musicale " Gesta bellica " , le cui canzoni inneggiavano a Erik Piebke e Rudolph Hess .
Quell ’integerrimo primo cittadino che , a due mesi dal servizio de L’Espresso sul viaggio / oltraggio di alcuni naziskin alto- atesini a Dachau , non trovò indecoroso partecipare ad un corteo organizzato dal cartello Forza Nuova , Fiamma Tricolore e Fronte Veneto Skinheads , " associazione culturale " i cui militanti sono usi andare in pellegrinaggio a Braunau am Inn , paese natale di Hitler , dove brindano scandendo lo slogan : " Siamo tutti figli del Führer e discepoli del Duce " .
E corteo al termine del quale alcuni aderenti di Fiamma Tricolore non trovarono di meglio da fare che linciare tre " terroni " .
No , Flavio Tosi , la maggior parte dei veronesi non è fascista .
Lei , invece ?
Daniele Sensi
CHICAGO  Foie gras , run out of town with great fanfare two years ago , is being allowed back .
On Wednesday , Chicago ’s aldermen voted , 37 to 6 , to repeal their ban on sales of the controversial delicacy , the fattened livers of ducks and geese .
Since 2006 , when this became the first major city in the United States to enact such a ban , it had been mocked by critics , including Mayor Richard M. Daley , who wondered whether aldermen should really be devoting precious time to telling Chicagoans what to eat .
The banning  and subsequent un - banning  of foie gras here seemed to say more about classic Chicago politics than it did about dinner .
Image Beyond the foie gras itself , a peek into city politics , as the ban was reversed on Wednesday without debate .
Credit ... M. Spencer Green / Associated Press
One alderman , Joe Moore , who has long fought to outlaw the sales , arguing that foie gras is a product of animal cruelty , angrily denounced what he said was the sudden use during Wednesday ’s council meeting of an obscure political rule to dump the ban without debate .
Mr. Moore said he tried , pleaded , yelled to be allowed to speak , but Mr. Daley did not call on him .
WASHINGTON --
The fight over immunity for telecom companies in domestic - spying legislation is creating an unexpected side effect : unity among liberal bloggers and Ron Paul supporters .
Liberal activists and supporters of the Texas Republican and former presidential candidate plan to join forces Thursday and begin a " money bomb " protest of lawmakers who support telecom immunity in the Foreign Surveillance Intelligence Act .
During a " money bomb , " grassroots activists donate money during a short period of time -- usually a day -- to create buzz and raise money for their candidate .
The effort is timed to coincide with a planned Senate vote on the bill .
Libertarians and liberal activists have blasted Democratic lawmakers , including presidential hopeful Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois , for supporting the legislation .
Both groups are upset about a provision in the bill that would provide retroactive immunity from civil actions for telecom companies alleged to have provided information to the government as part of its secret , warrantless wiretapping program .
The House passed the legislation on June 20 and a Senate vote could come as soon as Thursday .
" There 's entrenched power in Washington that protects itself and there are people on both sides who do n't feel like they 're having their rights protected , " says Jane Hamsher , one of the organizers behind the effort and founder of the popular Democratic blog Firedoglake .
" It 's really about right and left coming together to fight the entrenched power and take their power away . "
When Olympic sprinters dash down the track in Beijing this August , the fastest athlete may not take home the gold medal .
Current start - gun technology gives athletes on the inside lanes an unfair advantage right off the blocks .
Although officials are aware of the problem , they have no plans to correct it before the Beijing games this summer .
Sound from the starter ’s gun is known to take longer to reach athletes who start from the outside lanes than their competitors on the inside .
Now a new study suggests that competitors nearest the gun have another advantage – the loudness of the bang shocks them into starting more quickly .
Together , these extra boosts may amount to more than a tenth of a second in some races , which is easily enough to make the difference between gold and silver .
Advertisement
Unfair advantage ?
It can take 150 milliseconds longer for sound to travel from the starter ’s gun to runners in the outside lanes in races such as the 4 x 100 metre relay , where the runners ’ starting positions are staggered .
To correct for this unfairness , many major athletics events broadcast a start tone through loudspeakers set just behind each runner ’s starting blocks , so that every runner should hear the start at exactly the same time .
Most major meets also use a “ silent gun ” where the starter ’s gun serves only to trigger the start tone .
The Olympics , however , still also uses a “ loud gun ” which also makes the traditional bang .
Several studies show that this bang gives some runners an unfair advantage .
At both the 1996 Atlanta Olympics and the 2004 Athens games , runners in the outside lanes of relay races were slower out of the blocks than runners on inner lanes .
In fact , each lane ’s delay in starting was exactly what you would predict if the runners were responding to the sound of the gun , says Jesus Dapena , a biomechanist at Indiana University in Bloomington who began studying the problem three years ago .
Tense runners
Runners in lane eight got off the mark on average about 150 milliseconds after runners in lane one , Dapena found .
A time delay of that magnitude translates to about a metre ’s difference at the finish line .
“ That ’s a big handicap for an athlete that ca n’t afford to be giving any handicaps out , ” says Kevin Tyler , director of the Canadian Athletics Coaching Centre at the University of Alberta in Edmonton , who coaches some of Canada ’s Olympic sprinters .
In fact , Tyler notes , the effect may be bigger than that because sprinters often tense up and run more poorly when they perceive they have had a bad start .
The loudness of the gun is a second problem .
David Collins , a neuroscientist at the University of Alberta , and his colleagues recently found that both trained sprinters and untrained volunteers burst out of the starting blocks about 18 milliseconds more quickly in response to start signals of 120 decibels than to signals of 80 decibels .
Startle response
The louder sound was also more likely to provoke a startle response , which increased reaction time by a further 18 milliseconds , they found .
This should give a further edge to runners in the inside lanes , who will hear a louder gunshot .
“ They should get rid of the loud gun , ” says Collins .
“ Then everything would be all right . ”
Olympic officials are aware that runners in outside lanes get slower starts , says Imre Matrahazi , technical manager for the International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF ) in Monaco , the international body that oversees athletics .
The IAAF is developing new standards that will correct the problem , he says , but they see no need to make emergency changes before the Beijing Olympics .
In fact , Peter Huerzeler , who recently retired as head of athletics timing for Swiss Timing , the consortium of companies that handles starts and timing for the Olympics , blames the runners for their slow starts .
“ They are not listening to the signal from the starting blocks , ” he says .
Journal reference : Medicine and Science in Sports and Exercise ( DOI : 10.1249/MSS.0b013e31816770e1 )
This was recorded recently at HEC Montreal ( Institute of Applied Economics ) .
The professor , Justin Leroux , apparently lost his cool with a student who had been irritating him with redundant questions , and suggesting that the way he taught the class was sort of boring .
Anyway , I found this to be hilarious .
Obviously , the other students thought it was a fantastic response .
Kucinich , fighting to keep his cash - strapped campaign alive in the New Hampshire primary , would not discuss the incident - presumably because he was more interested in discussing aliens entering the US from Mexico than aliens pouring in from outer space .
But the media had no interest in Dennis Kucinich , the Candidate .
Their interest was confined to Dennis Kucinich , the Flake .
Once upon a time the Democratic party had a left wing - not in the European sense , as communism has never flourished here and socialism has barely taken root ; but by American standards , presidential candidates such as George McGovern and Teddy Kennedy in the 70s and early 80s were pretty far left .
( Kennedy , whose contributions to his country surpass those of his more famous bothers , remains uncompromisingly liberal , but represents Massachusetts , America 's most liberal state . )
This led to electoral disaster and a Republican golden age , interrupted only by Jimmy Carter 's bewildering presidency and ended when Bill Clinton pulled the party back to the centre of the spectrum , where it is today .
Of the candidates on the hustings this year , only Kucinich is even vaguely of the left .
And now he has pulled out , lacking the cash to go on and worried that he might lose his congressional seat .
There was never any chance Kucinich would win his party 's nomination .
A six - term congressman from Cleveland , where he once presided as mayor in a term so contentious and wild the mafia put out a contract on him , Kucinich had already run for the White House in 2004 .
Since critics consider his mayoralty one of the most disastrous ever - Cleveland went bankrupt on his watch - and since he is twice divorced and pro-abortion , supports same - sex marriages , and favours a ban on handgun sales to civilians , his candidacy was never going to play well in red-state America .
Be that as it may , his campaign was a source of frustration to at least one of the three high - profile attorneys seeking the nomination , because Kucinich kept pulling the conversation leftwards , a direction Hillary Clinton did not want to go .
Though his 2004 candidacy was dismissed by one famous newsman as a " vanity campaign " , Kucinich had a couple of halfway - decent showings in the primaries that year .
But this time round he fared so poorly he was barred from the nationally televised debates that have attracted so many viewers in the year of the writers ' strike .
After his dismal showing in Iowa , he was " dis- invited " to the New Hampshire debate by the network hosting it , and also got the thumbs - down in Nevada .
He demanded a recount after his pasting in New Hampshire , as he did after the 2004 presidential election ( where exit polls in Ohio suggested that John Kerry had defeated George Bush , but the voting machines said otherwise ) .
Though his candidacy posed a threat to exactly no one , Clinton and John Edwards must have been relieved to see him excluded from the debates , not only because three talking heads is manageable while four creates clutter , and not only because the talented magician is quite a charismatic fellow , but because the national Democratic party lives in fear of being perceived as out of step with the American people .
Rust - belt UFO spotters who hang out with Shirley MacLaine - the godmother of Kucinich 's daughter - and give speeches entitled " Spirit and Stardust " do n't help one bit .
Some of us who are not men of the left are sorry to see Kucinich throw in the towel .
This is not only because we believe that the 12 % or so of Americans who consider themselves " very liberal " deserve a champion , but because gadflys such as Kucinich and Al Sharpton prevent presidential campaigns from becoming ideologically monochromatic .
Nor is it healthy for TV networks to stage - manage democracy .
The candidate furthest to the left after Kucinich 's exit , the man who vowed " to give voice to all those whose voices are n't being heard " , is Edwards - a fabulously wealthy trial lawyer and hedge fund alumnus who lives in a mansion Kublai Khan would find roomy .
Now he has dropped out too .
Viable leftwing candidates in the US are now spotted less often than UFOs .
And creatures in UFOs would have a better chance of getting invited to the debates .
comment@theguardian.com
Clinton and Obama agree Florida delegates should take part in convention
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton seem to be lining up behind plans to seat Florida 's delegates at the Democratic convention this summer in Denver .
National committee chairman Howard Dean announced earlier today that the party is committed to including the delegation as long as both candidates agree with whatever proposal is adopted .
Specifics of the plan have not been made public .
However , Dean 's plan is " very consistent with what we'd like to see happen , " said Robert Gibbs , Obama 's campaign spokesman , in a conference call with reporters .
Clinton 's camp did not comment on a specific plan , but said seating the delegation is crucial .
" We have long maintained that pretending the voters of Florida and Michigan do n't exist is not fair in principle and unwise in practice , " said Phil Singer , campaign spokesman .
" Chairman Dean is clearly committed to seating the Florida delegation and we urge Sen .
Obama to join us in calling on the rules and bylaws committee to make this a reality . "
Dean met Wednesday with party officials and Florida lawmaker to discuss options for allocating delegates between the party 's two candidates .
" We are committed to making sure that we do everything in our power to seat a delegation from Florida , " Dean said .
" We believe we will seat a delegation from Florida . "
It was critical that Obama and Clinton were " comfortable with the compromises that have to be worked out , " said Dean .
Neither of the campaigns had representatives at the hourlong meeting .
Talks also continue with Michigan Democrats who have also been barred from the convention .
Florida had its 210 delegates stripped for voting in January and a proposal for a mail - in vote in the state collapsed because it lacked support from the party 's congressional delegation .
The fate of Michigan 's 156 national convention delegates remain in limbo after a proposed do - over primary failed to generate enough support in the state legislature .
Dean said previously that Michigan and Florida have two options : Either submit a new plan for choosing their convention delegates or appeal to the Convention Credentials Committee , which resolves issues about the seating of delegates .
The Associated Press contributed to this article .
Scientists may finally have discovered the secret of Stradivarius violins .
In a study published yesterday in Public Library of Science ONE , Dutch researchers ran five of the peerless instruments , made in the early 18th century by Italian craftsman Antonio Stradivari and synonymous with harmonic perfection , through a CT scanner .
The resulting three - dimensional X - rays revealed that wood used in Stradivari 's violins possessed an exceptionally uniform density , with little variation in growth rings added by trees each season .
Summertime growth typically outpaces wintertime growth , producing broad rings of relatively permeable wood that alternate with narrow , dense winter bands .
That differential affects the wood 's harmonic qualities .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnOPu0_YWhw
Fortunately for Stradivari , he lived during the Little Ice Age : trees grew little more in summer than in winter .
Hence the uniformly dense wood , hence three centuries of experts baffled by the resonance of Stradivarius violins , which have been variously attributed to varnishes , boiling and submersion in ponds .
A question , Wired Science readers : uniformly dense wood made Stradivari 's violins sound better .
Are there musical instruments that would benefit from the highly variable grains likely produced in the wildy oscillating growing seasons of our changing climate ?
A Comparison of Wood Density between Classical Cremonese and Modern Violins [ PLoS ONE ]
Image : Courtesy of PLoS ONE , comparative back - plate wood density , with Stradivari 's violins in the bottom row and modern violins on top ; video of violin maestro Joshua Bell playing a Stradivarius in a Washington , DC subway station .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Scientific information largely ignored when forming opinions about stem cell research
When forming attitudes about embryonic stem cell research , people are influenced by a number of things .
But understanding science plays a negligible role for many people .
That 's the surprising finding from a team of University of Wisconsin - Madison communications researchers who have spent the past two years studying public attitudes toward embryonic stem cell research .
Reporting in the most recent issue of the International Journal of Public Opinion , the researchers say that scientific knowledge - for many citizens - has an almost negligible effect on how favorably people regard the field .
" More knowledge is good - everybody is on the same page about that .
But will that knowledge necessarily help build support for the science ? " says Dietram Scheufele , a UW - Madison professor of life sciences communication and one of the paper 's three authors .
" The data show that no , it does n't .
It does for some groups , but definitely not for others . "
Along with Dominique Brossard , a UW - Madison professor of journalism and mass communication , and graduate student Shirley Ho , Scheufele used national public opinion research to analyze how public attitudes are formed about controversial scientific issues such as nanotechnology and stem cells .
What they have found again and again is that knowledge is much less important than other factors , such as religious values or deference to scientific authority .
In the case of stem cells , values turn out to be key , says Scheufele .
For respondents who reported that religion played a strong role in their lives , scientific knowledge had no effect on their attitudes toward stem cell research .
But for those who claimed to be less religious , understanding the science was linked to more positive views of the research .
" Highly religious audiences are different from less religious audiences .
They are looking for different things , bringing different things to the table , " explains Scheufele .
" It is not about providing religious audiences with more scientific information .
In fact , many of them are already highly informed about stem cell research , so more information makes little difference in terms of influencing public support .
And that 's not good or bad .
That 's just what the data show . "
On the other hand , a value system held by a much smaller portion of the American public works in just the opposite direction .
The attitudes of individuals who are deferential to science - who tend to trust scientists and their work - are influenced by their level of scientific understanding .
Overall , says Brossard , " more understanding does n't always change attitudes .
A lot depends on people 's values .
And those values need to be considered carefully when we communicate with the public about these issues . "
Wine 1.0 Brian Vincent and I have been conspiring to bring the Wine community some insights from some of the more well known and established members of the Wine Development community !
We 're going to try and have at least one interview posted each week up until the 1.0 release !
We asked our targets the same set of 10 questions designed to try and get at some of their key thought processes and we present to you their responses each week .
1 . It 's been a pretty long road to 1.0 .
Do you think Wine should have tried to have a release based on any of the older versions over the years ?
If so , at what point or points do you think Wine should have tried to have a release ?
Why ?
Do you think the actual 1.0 release is at an appropriate time ?
Initially Wine only supported Win16 since it started in the Windows 3.1 days , and we could probably have made a release with pretty good Win16 support sometime in 1998 or so .
But of course at that point everybody wanted to run 32 - bit apps , so to concentrate on Win16 support to bring it to release would probably have caused many developers to lose interest .
Instead we started re-architecting things to support Win32 , which in the long run was the right choice , but meant that we could n't release anything decent for a long time .
2 . What highlights do you think we should point out about 1.0 ?
I mean , now that we 're here , should n't we be standing on the rooftops shouting , " We can do [ this ] ! " .
What is [ this ] ?
If someone wanted to go take Wine for a spin , are there any Windows programs out there you 'd recommend they try out ?
There 's still a ton of Windows apps with no comparable Linux version , are there any in particular you find useful that you 'd suggest someone try ?
Photoshop CS2 is clearly the flagship application here , but I think the message is to try anything they can , that 's why we put all that effort into getting installers to work .
At this point there 's a good chance that just about any application will install and at least do something interesting .
3 a .
Looking ahead , what technical changes do you see Wine needing ?
Are there any large patch sets that are already sitting out there that have n't been merged because of the code freeze ?
The DIB engine is the major missing feature , I 'm hoping to see this in 1.2 .
Some other interesting patches sitting out there are the iPod support ( and more general USB devices support ) , and the animated cursors .
In the longer run , 64 - bit support will clearly require some deep technical changes ; it 's fortunately not as bad as the 16-> 32 transition , but it 's still a lot of work .
3 b .
We 've had a few different groups driving Wine development for a Wine , namely Google and CodeWeavers .
What do you guys have planned for areas of focus ?
Over the years we 've seen quite a few large changes that have moved Wine in very different directions - for example , D3D8 development really ushered in a new era of gaming support for Wine , the port to OS X has really opened the door on portability , is there anything like that on the horizon ?
Do you ever think someone will have ntoskrnl loading Windows drivers or hooking into the kernel or something like that ?
I do n't think Windows drivers are all that interesting for Wine , except in a few specialized areas like USB devices or printers .
General driver support would really have to go into the Linux kernel to be useful , and while that 's certainly feasible it would be a separate project .
On the Mac OS front we clearly need a quartz graphics driver , it would make the user experience a lot nicer .
Doing it right is a pretty major task though , so I do n't know when it 's going to happen .
4 . What do n't we want to do ?
What technical things should n't we worry about ?
Are there any parts of Windows that are n't worth trying to support ?
For example , Win31 support hangs on tenuously at this point , is there ever a point where it 's not worth supporting ?
Or does
Wine fill a valuable role in that it allows legacy applications to be usable ?
I think there will come a point where the current Win31 support will have to be killed ; it could be replaced by a cleaner architecture that is really independent from the 32 - bit codebase instead of being intermingled with it , so that it does n't get in the way of 32 - bit changes and does n't get broken all the time .
The difficulty will be to find someone to do the work , working on new features is a lot more interesting ...
5 . Is Wine too ambitious ?
Are we trying to tackle something too big ?
Will there ever be a point where the complexity of the project combined with the regression rate is n't manageable by the size of our developer community ?
At one point about a decade ago it seemed like Microsoft was releasing new technologies and new API 's every week .
Things seemed to have really slowed down , but do you think that that trend will continue ?
Do you think we 'll be able to keep up with future APIs with Vista , Windows 7 etc ?
So far we have been able to keep up , and I do n't expect that to change .
We are of course always lagging a bit behind , but I do n't see the gap increasing , on the contrary .
Besides , all the complexity is a major headache for Microsoft too , they are finding it increasingly difficult to make significant changes .
6 a .
If you could wave your magic wand and change one thing about Wine , what would it be ?
More regression tests ... 6 b . If you could wave your magic wand and change one thing about Linux [ or OS X ] , what would it be ?
I 'd like to have proper desktop standards , implemented correctly by the various desktop environments .
We are slowly getting there , but it 's taking much longer than it should .
6 c . If you could wave your magic wand and change one thing about Windows , what would it be ?
I would n't know where to start , there are so many things that would have to be fixed ...
7 . Now that Wine has hit 1.0 , do you think the major distros will bundle Wine ?
If not , why ?
Are they scared of lawsuits ?
If so , should they be ?
I doubt that they will bundle Wine , since they are all scared of Microsoft .
It 's all FUD , there 's no rational reason to be afraid , but even if the likelihood of a lawsuit is very small , the infinite resources that Microsoft could put into it is enough to discourage them .
8 . We should ask this only because there 's no better way to incite violence than to start a flamewar on licensing , but do you see any need to switch to LGPL3 ?
Most developers seem to be pretty happy with version 2 .
Then again , most people seemed happy with the X11 license before we rather quickly changed our minds .
Is there anything within the LGPL3 license that would particularly be a problem for Wine ?
I do n't think there 's any problem for Wine either in LGPL2 or LGPL3 , so there 's not a lot of motivation for switching .
I imagine that the switch will happen eventually when the need arises to share code with LGPL3 projects .
9 . With 1.0 out , do you see the need for any process changes ?
Will patches still enter the Wine tree the way they have been ?
Do you think anything will change after 1.0 with regards to development style ?
I 'm hoping we can make stable releases a bit more frequently than once every 15 years ...
Also we 'll hopefully be able to put in place the system for keeping track of contributions that we 've been working on with the SFLC ; but that 's mostly a paperwork issue , it wo n't change fundamentally our way of working .
10 .
If we could magically add all the developers in the world and have a Wine 2.0 this time next year , what would you want to be included ?
Some of the obvious major features are the DIB engine , Win64 , .NET support , the quartz driver , etc .
But what really takes time is to track down and fix all the nasty little incompatibilities that break applications that would otherwise be quite happy with our existing feature set .
That 's where magically adding developers would really help .
Stub :
You can find tailor at : https://github.com/lelit/tailor , Version 1.0 from Sep 21 , 2011 .
In Debian 8.7 ( Jessie ) tailor is packaged at version 0.9.35+darcs20090615-1 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Firefighters have contained a large fire which ravaged a theme park at the world - famous Universal Studios in Los Angeles , California .
At least 300 firefighters fought the blaze , which injured three people , after it began before dawn on a sound stage featuring New York facades .
The fire destroyed a King Kong exhibit and a set from Back to the Future .
It also damaged a video library but the studios said they had duplicates of everything lost .
They contained the fire that could 've really burnt horribly out of control
Ron Meyer
Universal Studios
A propane fuel tank explosion may have caused the fire , but investigations into the cause of the blaze are continuing .
There are indications that the sound stage in the area had recently been used for filming .
It is likely that there would have been a good deal of flammable material and props , as well as fuel supplies , on the site , the BBC's Rajesh Mirchandani reports from Los Angeles .
' Real heroes '
Helicopters dropped water on to the burning structures , and television pictures showed flames leaping into the air as a thick cloud of smoke covered the site .
In pictures : LA studios inferno
Thick black smoke that billowed into the Los Angeles sky was partly due to the plastic video containers burning , said Los Angeles fire department chief Michael Freeman .
Low water pressure hampered the fire crews ' efforts , according to the LA Times .
The head of Universal Studios , Ron Meyer , said about 40,000 to 50,000 videos and reels had been damaged in the blaze but duplicates were kept elsewhere .
He thanked the firefighters for their efforts .
" They are real heroes , I mean they were here in record time , " he said .
" They contained the fire that could 've really burnt horribly out of control . "
Behind - the - scenes tours of the studios are a long - established tradition still popular with visitors today .
Are you in the area ?
Are you affected by the issues in this story ?
Send us your comments using the form below .
Send your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to +44 7725 100 100 or you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
There is something slightly irritating about the prime minister 's insistence that it is down to us consumers to cut our food waste .
Less than half of the food thrown away each year comes from households .
To suggest that the average householder is to blame for our colossal national wastage is to ignore the way that the food industry has been allowed to develop in this country , from the relentless rise of the supermarket to the flourishing of the fast - food outlet , the decline in farming and the death of the local shop .
All of these affect why we buy the wrong things , and why we buy so much of what we do not need .
Add to this changes in family structure , transformations in the shape of our towns and cities , moves to online shopping and shifts in working patterns and it's easy to see how we have become untethered from traditional production and consumption of food ; today we tend to shop once a week , more often than not driving to an out - of - town supermarket rather than shopping locally , where we buy food increasingly prepared in a way that makes it go off faster , by manufacturers so scared of litigation that they stamp their products with sell - by and best - before dates .
Still , it would be churlish not to do our bit - so here we present 20 tips to waste not want not :
1 . Avoid the supermarket
" Supermarkets are very expensive places to shop , " says Joanna Blythman , author of Shopped : The Shocking Power of British Supermarkets .
" The idea of the one - stop shop encourages you to buy more than you need . "
If you do have to go to a supermarket , make a list of what you need beforehand , and stick to it rigorously - but do check that these are groceries you genuinely need , and not items you have just got into the habit of buying : " There 's the Stepford Wives aspect of supermarket shopping , where you start buying the same thing every time , " says Blythman , " the same yoghurt regardless of whether you 've run out of the last tub .
But I just say do n't shop in supermarkets .
They are a rip - off . "
2. Ignore two - for one offers
More often than not , supermarket two - for - ones exist because the items in question are nearing their use - by date , or to give shoppers what Blythman refers to as " the halo effect " - the feeling that they are in a place of endless bargains .
But stop and think : are you really going to eat those 12 iced buns before they go stale ?
Are most of the cherries in those punnets even edible ?
Just how much custard do you require ?
" Two - for - ones are just encouraging overspending , " says Blythman .
" They 're getting you to buy more than you need . "
Rose Prince , author of the Savvy Shopper , is also sceptical : " All this means is the supermarket has doubled the price for a given period and then halved the doubled price .
Amazing , is n't it ? "
However , such offers can occasionally prove useful , if you are able to think laterally : " They are great value , but only provided you know how you can use the extra food , " says Richard Swannell , director of retail programmes at Wrap , the organisation behind the website lovefoodhatewaste.com .
" It 's just being clear in your mind that you are going to use one and freeze the other . "
3 . Shop daily for perishables
By shopping daily for what you need , you are less likely to buy mounds of vegetables , meat and fish that will then sit in the fridge going off .
Plus you will re-establish a connection with those who produce the food you eat .
" The problem is that the distance between the people eating and the people supplying the food is getting longer and longer , " says Moritz Steiger , co-author , with Effie Fotaki , of the Independent London Store Guide .
Steiger points to the establishment of smaller , neighbourhood supermarkets such as Tesco Metro and Sainsbury 's Local as evidence that we still have a desire for corner shops , but these smaller supermarket branches do not necessarily supply the best quality of food , nor do they offer the best deal for the supplier or the customer .
Blythman agrees : " Supermarkets generally charge more than the independent greengrocer for fresh fruit and vegetables , especially seasonal produce . "
As does Prince : " My own researches show that you 'll save a minimum of 35 % - and usually a lot more . "
4. Bulk - buy non-perishables
Bulk - buying storecupboard staples , such as rice , pasta and lentils , along with tinned and bottled items , online is cheaper than visiting the supermarket - not least because it considerably reduces the likelihood of being enticed into buying three punnets of strawberries and a tub of sprinkly cupcakes as you stroll the aisles .
" In our house we bulk - buy rice in seven kilo bags , " says Swannell .
" It saves on packaging and money . "
Various websites offer a good range of store cupboard essentials , including nifeislife.com , which offers a variety of Italian foodstuffs across the UK , and gfd.org.uk for organic health foods and wholefoods in bulk .
Blythman , though , suggests that rather than shopping online you can " just visit your local wholefood shop " .
5 . Be storage savvy
There are tonnes of household tips for storing foods to increase their longevity ( many of them appear on the lovefoodhatewaste.com site ) including topping and tailing carrots as soon as you buy them to prolong their life , keeping apples in the fridge so they last days longer than in the fruit bowl , and ensuring your olive oil is kept somewhere cool and dry to prevent the breakdown of the fatty acids .
Also , invest in an EGG - " ethylene gas guardian " ( 4theegg.com ) : many fruits and vegetables give off ethylene gas as they ripen and the refrigerator traps this gas , which results in the early rotting of your produce .
The EGG keeps the ethylene levels in your fridge low , meaning your vegetables last longer .
6. Meal - plan for the week
If , at the beginning of the week , you work out precisely what you wish to cook over the next seven days ( some of which may incorporate leftovers ) , you can then shop with a degree of rigour , are less likely to be distracted by appetising products on the supermarket shelves , and even less likely to end up with a heap of unused foodstuffs at the end of the week .
This approach also eliminates the common feeling of returning from the supermarket laden with shopping bags but without a clue what to actually cook for dinner .
" In the past , " notes Blythman , " people more or less had the same thing on particular nights of the week - leftover roast on a Monday , fish on a Friday ... " and while there is no need for your menu to become quite so predictable , a degree of planning ahead saves time , money and waste and will prevent you from falling back on ready meals .
7. Cook
While many of us have become rather adept at following recipes , we have , somewhere along the way , lost the ability to actually cook - a tangibly different skill which allows you to know just what to do with all the celery you did n't use in last night 's risotto , for instance , or that quarter can of coconut milk that was n't needed in the pumpkin curry .
These are n't strictly leftovers but recipe byproducts , and the accomplished cook will be able to incorporate them into subsequent meals without a great deal of fuss or research .
The idea is that you do n't ever buy recipe ingredients without simultaneously considering where in your culinary week the remainders - that half a courgette , that zested lemon , that quarter block of feta - will find a home .
So , whereas recipes can be seen as singular events , cookery is more of an ongoing project .
" We did n't used to buy chicken pieces , " says Blythman .
" We bought a chicken .
We had it hot once , and then we scraped the bits off it for sandwiches , and then we boiled the carcass and the gizzard and used the stock to make soup or risotto .
Domestic economy was always a rolling programme , you used what you had as the base , added a few extra fresh bits .
It 's a question of momentum . "
G2 chef Allegra McEvedy agrees : " There are three main areas of waste : the first is ingredients that are past their best ; the second is bits surplus to a specific recipe [ as in ' take a third of a courgette and one stalk of celery ' ) and the last being what is usually understood by the term ' leftovers ' .
For the first , there are two ways forward : buy less and do n't be so quick to toss out .
Summer fruit that 's lost its shape and has squidgy bits can so easily and happily become jam .
Super - soft avos will live again as guacamole for the night , and shrivelled tomatoes often have better flavour than taut - skinned ones , and make a stunning tomato soup .
The truth is that almost anything in the kitchen has the ability to be born - again as soup or maybe a slow one - pot braise with some spices and a couple of tins - one of tomatoes , the other of some multi- faceted pulse , such as chickpeas . "
8 . Buy quality not quantity
" If you buy cheap supermarket bread you have no compunction about throwing it away , " argues Steiger .
" If you buy quality bread you 're more likely to use every last bit of it . "
This goes for most food items , from the fancy yoghurt you 're more likely to eat before the use - by date arrives , to the gourmet biscuits you probably do n't want to leave to go soggy ( or gobble all in one expensive sitting ) .
9. Freecyle / become a ' freegan '
The freecycle.org website should point you in the direction of your nearest group of freecyclers , a " grassroots and entirely non-profit movement of people who are giving ( and getting ) stuff for free in their own towns " .
That stuff often includes perfectly usable food .
Freegans take it one step further , scavenging for food from supermarket dustbins that may be about to reach or is just past its sell - by date but is invariably still edible , or whose packaging may be damaged .
Supermarkets , of course , detest them because they are proof that large food retailers throw out tonne after tonne of food that could still be safely consumed ; as a result , many now stash their waste bins behind barbed wire fences .
10 . Reacquaint yourself with your freezer
The freezer compartment is not just for storing ice cubes , a half - eaten tub of Häagen - Dazs and several inches of encrusted ice , but also to keep leftovers for future meals .
Though it 's not recommended to freeze salad leaves or crunchy vegetables , it 's the perfect place for portions of rice , sprinklings of herbs , pre-sliced bagels that you can pop straight into the toaster .
You can even freeze cheese and eggs ( so long as you separate the whites and the yolks ) .
It 's also worth noting that freezers are more efficient when full , so you 'll be saving the pennies there , too .
Goodhousekeeping.com has plenty of basic tips for the novice freezer .
11 . Do n't be afraid of an empty fridge
" I think that goes back to the rise of the big American fridge , " notes Blythman .
" It 's an aspirational thing . "
You do not , therefore , need to buy acres of food each week to keep it chock - full .
12 . Grow your own herbs and salad
Packets of herbs and bagged salad are among the products most likely to go off in the fridge , so if you have a garden , balcony or windowbox , use that space to grow your own .
These plants grow quickly and easily and , of course , save on food miles .
13 . Buy vegetables whole
A lettuce bought whole and kept in your fridge will not go off in the same way as a pre-prepared salad will , because as soon as fruit or vegetables are processed in any way - even just picked , handled and washed - they begin to decompose .
Likewise , it 's best not to buy carrots that have been washed , then packaged in plastic and refrigerated , as they will rot sooner than the still - soily variety stored somewhere cool and dark .
14 . Know how much a portion is so you do n't overcook
Never forget the simple fact that with dwindling rice and wheat crops , the more you waste , the more expensive it will become .
So the easy rule is to weigh before you cook : an average portion of rice for an adult is 50g ( or a quarter of a mug ) ; for pasta , it is 100g .
15 . Bulk - cook meals
Blythman advocates cooking twice as much as you need of one dish and freezing the extra portions , or you can set aside time to stock up your freezer for the coming week .
" Buy a box of over - ripe tomatoes from your local street market - they virtually give them away , " suggests Prince .
" Make a tomato sauce and you have the base for curries , bolognese or just a plain sauce for pasta or to top a pizza .
Store both stock and sauce in discarded plastic milk cartons .
They freeze beautifully and when frozen you just cut the carton open and heat . "
16 . Learn how to use leftovers
The lovefoodhatewaste.com site has a huge array of recipes contributed by celebrity chefs , nutritionists and members of the public , including a large number dubbed " rescue recipes " - in other words , how to put that bit of leftover chicken or half courgette to delicious use .
There are also websites out there ( leftoverchef.com and kitchen - scraps.com , to name but two ) that , one you 've typed in the primary and secondary ingredients you have spare , will go away and search their databases for recipes to use them up .
Bit of fish left over , and some broccoli ?
Try , for example , Chinese steamed fish .
And a couple of books may help : Second Time Around : Ideas and Recipes for Leftovers by Pamela Le Bailly , and The Use It Up Cookbook : Creative Recipes for the Frugal Cook , by Catherine Kitcho .
17 . Look to previous generations
We have , as Guardian foodie Matthew Fort puts it , a great deal more food experience than previous generations , but considerably less food knowledge .
We are familiar with the taste of foods from around the world , but we 've forgotten how to make the most of what we 've got already .
During the second world war and well into the 1950s and even 1960s , food was precious : a week 's meals were planned down to the last carrot , and we used every scrap of food in our larders ( few had fridges ) , cooking dishes such as shepherd 's pie and bread - and - butter pudding precisely to use up leftover scraps .
These days , we 're more likely to buy them ready made from the supermarket .
" People just pick what they fancy off the shelves and end up throwing half of it away because they do n't know what to do with it , " says Sheila Tremaine , 81 .
" We never threw anything away , because if you did n't use everything up you had nothing to eat .
People just seem to have lost that skill . "
The WI was founded to help women make the most of the food they had , and has some excellent tips and recipes .
Try reading that doyenne of wartime cookery writers , Marguerite Patten : We 'll Eat Again , a Collection of Recipes from the War Years , and Post - War Kitchen , Nostalgic Facts and Food from 1945 - 54 may provide inspiration .
18 . Take sell - by dates with a pinch of salt
As a general rule , only " use by " is worth taking seriously ; " sell - by " and " display - until " dates are merely stock - control devices for food retailers , and " best before " is simply the producer 's estimate of when the food will stop tasting good , which is fairly subjective anyway .
Rather than slavishly observing these date labels , we'd be far better off understanding the kinds of foods that could actually be harmful if they go off , such as ready meals ( including sandwiches ) , soft cheeses , pates and cooked , processed meats and seafood .
Eggs with a Lion Quality stamp can be kept for weeks in the fridge ; chicken , raw meats and fish will all look and smell unpleasant long before they 're actively unsafe ( as long as you cook it thoroughly , chicken , for example , is good for at least a week past its sell - by date ) .
Apples last for months ; potatoes are fine as long as you chop the green shoots off before cooking ; tins and jars will last decades if not centuries ; hard cheese is indestructible ; and dry foods will last for years too .
" Ignore sell - by dates , " insists Swannell .
" They 're not relevant .
And best before is just what it says on the tin ; it does n't mean the food is toxic the day after that date . "
19 . Rediscover packed lunches
Leftovers can easily be recycled as packed lunches for children and adults alike - not only is this more frugal , in these credit - crunching times , than a daily trip to the gourmet sandwich shop , it also cuts back on domestic waste .
Try rethinking leftovers as fillings for wraps or pitta bread pockets , making leftover vegetables into sushi rolls and bruised fruit as fools or compotes .
20 . Equip yourself
Introduce yourself to the stockpot , the freezer bag , and the salad spinner .
" Make your own bread , " says Prince .
" It 's quick , easy and so much better tasting than shop - bought .
It 's also much cheaper .
Make your own ice cream , it 's a doddle .
Invest in a mincing machine as an attachment to a food processor , and turn the leftover roast lamb into a base for shepherd 's pie .
While you 're at it , invest in a sausage stuffer and ask your butcher for some sausage skins when you buy the pork . "
· Additional research by Andrew Murray
' Frozen food is a wonderful thing '
Readers share advice
I grow my own vegetables .
Other than that I buy food on a just - in - time basis .
Not only is there no waste but I do n't have cupboards or a fridge full of food going off .
I never buy food until I have eaten what I have .
Rice , pasta and orange juice is all I will buy in bulk because it can last for many months .
TheGoodLife
Last Christmas
Eve our local Lidl placed all unsold perishable foods on a large shelf on the " Out " side of the checkouts , for people to take home for free .
We ate off that bonanza for about a week .
Thank you Lidl !
Why can't all supermarkets do this , and more often ( once a week would be nice ... ) ?
justlookaround
The value of food wasted per household in the UK could provide the protein for an extended three / four generation family for a week .
These are not UN or NGO stats ... this is me looking at our pantry here in Mexico .
Send me your money and I 'll buy and distribute the beans ... thought not .
biba100mejico
I usually ignore " best before " on tins .
I 've eaten from tins that are 3 or 4 years old .
saintleethenaked
When I buy a loaf of bread , and do n't think I 'll eat it all before it goes stale , I put half in the freezer - you can make toast from frozen bread directly .
As for leftover veg , I tend to make soup .
Made in advance , it 's the perfect quick , light supper for when I get in from work .
Ephiny
Most food will last much longer than its date .
Yoghurt is a good one .
I 'll eat it maybe 2 or 3 weeks past date and it 's fine .
Nyah
Frozen food is the most wonderful thing in the world .
The only things I keep in my fridge are opened jars of food or sauce and dairy products and it has made such a difference to the amount of fresh food I used to waste .
jglitter
Use - by dates are far too conservative .
Use the smell test .
If it smells and looks all right and you cook it well , it 's fine ( obviously not for seafood ! )
Emma100
Buy fresh ingredients , cook from scratch and only use what you need .
Do n't be afraid of eating leftovers .
Be open - minded about combinations of food ( I 'm not talking about sardines and lime jelly ... ) .
Freeze leftovers into single portions , for defrosting and reheating later .
CleoSelene
· What will you do in the great war on rotting ready meals and mouldy mangetout ?
Have your say on our open thread
Enabling new business models through customized web and software development , database solutions , and system integrations .
In the last two decades , we ’ve engineered robust solutions for different industries including luxury , non-profit and associations , and manufacturing .
Our platform expertise includes Sitecore , Azure , AWS , Shopify Plus , Drupal , or Salesforce .
From platform development to cloud and data engineering , we partner with leading mid-market brands to build digital solutions that are fast and impactful .
View Engineering
Jimmy Carter met the Syrian president before his talks with Hamas Former US President Jimmy Carter has held talks with exiled Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal in Syria despite US and Israeli opposition .
Hamas spokesmen said Mr Carter had asked for it to stop rocket attacks on Israel and to enter talks for the release of an Israeli captive .
They said any truce must be two - way and there would be a " price " for freeing Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit .
Mr Carter earlier met Syrian President Bashar al - Assad .
Gaza boycott Mr Carter has said he is not trying to mediate in the Arab - Israeli conflict , but believes peace will not be achieved without talking to Hamas and Syria .
Israel , the US and the European Union all refuse to deal with the group directly and pursue policies to isolate it .
A spokesman for US President George W Bush described the meeting as " not wise " , and said it had given Hamas a credibility it does not deserve .
Mr Carter , awarded a Nobel Peace Prize in 2002 , brokered the 1979 Egypt - Israel peace treaty , the first between Israel and an Arab state .
Khaled Meshaal has said Hamas wants a mutual ceasefire
He made no comment after the meeting .
But leading Hamas political bureau figure , Mohammed Nazzal , told reporters : " Carter suggested a truce and that Hamas should stop its rockets against Israel .
" We support a truce , but Israel should support it too . "
One senior Hamas official in Damascus told Associated Press news agency Mr Carter had also asked Hamas to agree to a meeting with Israeli Deputy Prime Minister Eli Yishai to discuss a prisoner exchange for captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit .
Mr Nazzal would only say that Hamas leaders were to meet later to discuss the fate of Cpl Shalit , who was captured by Hamas in a raid into Israel from Gaza two years ago .
" They will discuss details related to the price and mechanisms for his release , which will not happen without a price , " Mr Nazzal said .
Arab initiative Hamas gunmen seized control of Gaza in June last year from their rival Palestinian faction Fatah , which has been left in control of the West Bank .
An Israeli boycott of Gaza has isolated the small territory and further deepened the poverty of its 1.4 million residents .
Mr Meshaal has said that Hamas accepts and supports an Arab peace initiative , which offers peace and recognition to Israel in return for a full withdrawal from the land captured in 1967 in the West Bank , the dismantling of Jewish settlements and the establishment of a Palestinian state with a capital in east Jerusalem .
He says Hamas wants a mutual ceasefire , that would also include the West Bank and which would reopen Gaza 's borders - but anything else would be Israel dictating a Palestinian " surrender " .
' Risk of misrepresentation ' Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and other senior Israeli officials earlier snubbed a meeting with Mr Carter , saying to meet him would create the impression of negotiating with Hamas .
Mr Yishai , however , told Mr Carter he was willing to meet Hamas representatives - including Mr Meshaal - for talks to discuss the release of Cpl Shalit .
Such a meeting involving Mr Yishai - the leader of the orthodox Shas party - would be against Israeli government policy .
Shas is an important member of the governing coalition in Israel , holding four cabinet posts .
Washington has played down Mr Carter 's trip , saying he is acting in a personal capacity and that there is " some risk " that his talks with Hamas " will be misrepresented " by the group .
Syrian state news agency Sana said Mr Carter and Mr Assad had discussed the peace process and ties between the two countries .
After Syria , Mr Carter is due to travel to Saudi Arabia and Jordan .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Play a Little Game Called " Just the Tips " ?
Tips , comments , suggestions and questions can be sent to HuggingHaroldReynolds ( at )
gmail ( dot ) com .
Ron Paul joined CNN ’s John Roberts to talk about a campaign rally that will compete with the Republican convention .
Paul believes that John McCain ’s values are not consistent with traditional Republican values .
Paul said , “ John McCain has a different foreign policy , and he supports No Child Left Behind and higher taxes , even though he talks differently now .
He supported higher taxes and McCain / Finegold first amendment abuse .
I would say he does not represent limited government values and the Republicans deserve to hear the other side of the story . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from CNN ’s American Morning , broadcast June 12 , 2008 .
Download video
Most computer security coverage focuses on the PC realm , but Rich Smith , head of HP 's Systems Security Lab , has identified a potential security flaw within a network 's physical hardware rather than a typical desktop or server system .
Smith 's report focuses on a class of devices he refers to as Network Enabled Embedded Devices ( NEEDS for short ) , and how such systems could be attacked at the firmware level through a process he refers to as " phlashing . "
Attacking system firmware is n't a new tactic — the CIH / Chernobyl virus was capable of overwriting BIOS firmware back in 1998 — but focusing such attacks on network hardware would be an unusual step , and could prove quite successful in at least the short term .
According to Smith , the ongoing war between security vendors and malware authors will inevitably drive exploration into new , non-PC- centric attack vectors as loopholes within the PC ecosystem become increasingly harder to exploit .
NEEDS could therefore become a future target of opportunity , especially considering the poor default security state most of these systems ship with .
Currently , NEEDS are treated as part of a network 's topology rather than as individual devices requiring their own set of security procedures and practices .
As a result , such devices may present a nearly unguarded attack vector , particularly if the remote management software for any given unit has bugs of its own .
The " phlashing " attack vector Smith plans to discuss at EUSectWest next week involves exploiting these security flaws to launch what he refers to as a Permanent Denial of Service , or PDOS attack .
Such an attack would be launched by uploading a purposefully corrupted BIOS into a device , causing the system to crash .
Depending on the configuration of the network in question , strategically crashing a small handful of routers could bring down a network or business .
What 's worse , Smith argues , is that the company or organization under attack would have no effective way of fighting back or repairing the damage short of replacing the hardware in question .
As Dark Reading 's article on the subject points out , however , the question of whether or not hackers would even launch such attacks is open to debate .
Commercial malware campaigns have historically been far more interested in utilizing systems for profit than in destroying them , and the ability to compromise a router or another embedded system 's firmware would likely result in a number of attacks that sought to capitalize on this capability rather than destroy it .
There 's also a significant level of risk associated with actively destroying a legitimate company 's network hardware .
Today , malware , and the need to protect from it , is an accepted part of IT security .
Phishers and scammers of all types are certainly pursued , but the big law enforcement guns are typically reserved for high - profile cases where a great deal of money is actively changing hands .
Destroying or crippling a company 's network hardware is one of the fastest ways to draw attention to yourself , and most criminal organizations prefer to stay off the radar , not dance on top of it in an aluminum monkey suit .
PDOS attacks may never become a major threat , but Smith has a point when he talks about the ever - widening scope of malware .
The criminal software industry has proven itself to be exceptionally adroit at adopting new and different attack vectors , and could conceivably shift its focus ( or at least open a front ) against an entirely different target .
Strengthening network security by focusing on devices rather than PCs certainly would n't hurt anything , and it could provide protection against headaches down the road .
Santa Clara County Supervisor Pete McHugh joined human rights and peace activists from San Jose and the Peninsula in calling for an end to torture and extraordinary rendition .
They picketed the local office of Jeppesen , asking the Boeing subsidiary to break its contract with the CIA , servicing “ torture flights . ”
Bearing witness to the torture committed at the U.S. Naval Base at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba ; Abu Ghraib Prison in Baghdad , Iraq ; and at secret prisons around the world , Peninsula peace and justice activists boarded the train to San José on Friday , June 20 , 2008 , then marched to the building housing the penthouse offices of Jeppesen Sanderson , Inc. to speak out against torture and extraordinary rendition ( a CIA euphemism for kidnap and transport to secret prisons in third countries for torture ) .
They joined South Bay residents at San José ’s Diridon Train Station carrying signs saying , “ Stop torture ” and “ San Jose says no to torture . ”
Participants were taking part in a joint monthly action of the Iraq Moratorium ( http://iraqmoratorium.org ) that brings together peace and justice groups from San Mateo and Pacifica to San José and the South Bay .
Marching past HP Pavilion and down busy Santa Clara Street , they shouted , “ Hey Jeppesen , shame , shame .
There ’s blood on your hands and blood on your name !
” The activists were joined by Pete McHugh , Chairman of the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors , who recalled that the Santa Clara County Human Relations Commission had passed a resolution in December 2007 condemning torture and extraordinary rendition flights and supporting federal legislation ( HR 1352 ) against the outsourcing of torture .
Supervisor McHugh asserted , “ Torture is contrary to American values . ” Protesters then marched to San Pedro Square to take their message to the popular Farmers ’ Market and the midday restaurant crowds .
They displayed their signs and handed out flyers demanding that Jeppesen sever its ties to the CIA .
Charlotte Casey , President of the San José Peace and Justice Center ( http://www.sanjosepeace.org ) , which sponsors many peace initiatives in the South Bay , explained , “ After General Taguba ’s investigation of the dehumanizing treatment of prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq , there is no doubt that the Bush administration has committed war crimes .
And we will all be held accountable for our actions .
Torture is not what this nation is about .
” Jeppesen has a CIA contract for flight planning and logistics for what are , in the words of Jeppesen ’s managing director for international trip planning , Bob Overby , “ torture flights . ”
Headquartered in Englewood , Colorado , Jeppesen was acquired by Boeing in October 2000 and operates under its Commercial Aviation Services division .
Formed by the merger in 1974 of Jeppesen & Company and Sanderson Films , Jeppesen Sanderson , Inc. is sometimes also referred to as Jeppesen DataPlan because of its acquisition in 1989 of the flight planning and weather services company .
Jeppesen ’s own corporate documents indicate that the San José office handles trip planning for the western hemisphere , which would include rendition flights to and from Guantánamo , and those originating ( without prisoners ) in Washington , DC and those stopping over in Bangor , Maine .
The eastern hemisphere is served by Jeppesen ’s office in Crawley , U.K. , near London Gatwick Airport .
Corporate collaboration is considered a crucial element of the Bush administration ’s so - called “ Global War on Terror , ” providing non-governmental cover for illegal CIA activities .
According to a 2006 report by Swiss Senator Dick Marty for the Council of Europe , the continent ’s leading human rights body , the CIA violated European law by moving prisoners through numerous transfer points in Europe to secret prisons in Baghdad , Iraq ; Kabul , Afghanistan ; Islamabad , Pakistan ; Amman , Jordan ; Cairo , Egypt ; Algiers , Algeria ; Rabat , Morocco ; and Tashkent , Uzbekistan where they were allegedly tortured .
The report also accuses the CIA of illegally detaining prisoners within Europe at secret prisons in Szymany , Poland and in Bucharest and Timisoara , Romania .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( http://www.aclu.org ) has a lawsuit pending on appeal against Jeppesen ’s collusion in the CIA ’s illegal practices .
Numerous organizations , including , Amnesty International ( http://www.amnestyusa.org ) , Human Rights Watch ( http://www.hrw.org ) , and the National Lawyers Guild ( http://www.nlg.org ) , have warned that torture and extraordinary rendition constitute grave violations of human rights and threats to the rule of law .
Yet most office workers in the very same building as Jeppesen , the Opus Tower at 225 West Santa Clara Street in San José , are either unaware , uncaring , or -- like the “ good citizens ” of Nazi Germany -- consider that if government does it , it must be legal , ethical , and justified .
So for Jeppesen , it is business as usual , even during Torture Awareness Month .
Protesters returned on Thursday , June 26 , 2008 for an hour - long vigil at Jeppesen offices in San José .
June 26 has been designated by the United Nations General Assembly as the International Day in Support of Victims of Torture , marking the anniversary of the implementation in 1987 of the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment .
The Convention states that “ No State Party shall expel , return , or extradite a person to another State where there are substantial grounds for believing that he [ or she ] would be in danger of being subjected to torture .
” The renewed protests in San José come on the heels of a demonstration against Jeppesen on April 28 , 2008 at the Boeing annual shareholders ’ meeting at the Field Museum in Chicago , where parent - company Boeing is now headquartered .
While most Boeing shareholders unknowingly go along with management , the recently - formed Coalition to Ground Boeing Torture Flights ( http://groundtortureflights.wordpress.com ) is planning teach - ins on college campuses and a divestment campaign to bring pressure on Jeppesen and Boeing .
In San José , the South Bay Coalition Against Torture is likely to follow suit .
It is time that all Americans consider their actions or inactions to stop torture and illegal war in our name and with our tax dollars , not just during Torture Awareness Month , but every day until the U.S. government ceases all forms of torture , wilful human rights violations , and military occupations .
Last night , the Mets ' game against the Texas Rangers was rained out due to the storm .
However , the faithful -- those Mets fans who stuck around while waiting to see if the game would be just be delayed -- got a treat when some Rangers players decided to turn the tarp on the field at Shea Stadium into a wonderful Slip 'N Slide .
Rangers second baseman Ian Kinsler decided to slide first , followed by Josh Hamilton , Michael Young , Josh Rupe and Milton Bradley .
The video above shows them having fun-- and you can hear not only clapping but also the very loud thunder .
Kinsler told the AP , " It was awesome .
We 're just having fun tonight .
We have n't had any rain problems this year , so we might as well have some fun . "
The crowd ate it up , cheering and chanting , " Let 's go Rangers ! "
While some general managers might frown upon their players possibly injuring themselves , Rangers GM Jon Daniels said , " Guys just blowing off some steam .
No harm done , no damage to the field .
When was the last time you heard Rangers chants in Queens ? "
And Hamilton said , " We were saying we might be the last ones to do this in Shea Stadium .
We bet that will be a trivia question : ' Who was the last team to tarp slide in Shea Stadium ? ' "
The Mets and Rangers are making up last night 's game with a double - header today .
Right now , Mets pitcher John Maine is pitching in the first game , and Pedro Martinez will start the second game .
Literature Network » Gilbert Keith Chesterton » Alarms and Discursions » Ch. 9 : Cheese
My forthcoming work in five volumes , " The Neglect of Cheese in European Literature " is a work of such unprecedented and laborious detail that it is doubtful if I shall live to finish it .
Some overflowings from such a fountain of information may therefore be permitted to springle these pages .
I can not yet wholly explain the neglect to which I refer .
Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese .
Virgil , if I remember right , refers to it several times , but with too much Roman restraint .
He does not let himself go on cheese .
The only other poet I can think of just now who seems to have had some sensibility on the point was the nameless author of the nursery rhyme which says : " If all the trees were bread and cheese " -- which is , indeed a rich and gigantic vision of the higher gluttony .
If all the trees were bread and cheese there would be considerable deforestation in any part of England where I was living .
Wild and wide woodlands would reel and fade before me as rapidly as they ran after Orpheus .
Except Virgil and this anonymous rhymer , I can recall no verse about cheese .
Yet it has every quality which we require in exalted poetry .
It is a short , strong word ; it rhymes to " breeze " and " seas " ( an essential point ) ; that it is emphatic in sound is admitted even by the civilization of the modern cities .
For their citizens , with no apparent intention except emphasis , will often say , " Cheese it ! " or even " Quite the cheese . "
The substance itself is imaginative .
It is ancient -- sometimes in the individual case , always in the type and custom .
It is simple , being directly derived from milk , which is one of the ancestral drinks , not lightly to be corrupted with soda - water .
You know , I hope ( though I myself have only just thought of it ) , that the four rivers of Eden were milk , water , wine , and ale .
Aerated waters only appeared after the Fall .
But cheese has another quality , which is also the very soul of song .
Once in endeavouring to lecture in several places at once , I made an eccentric journey across England , a journey of so irregular and even illogical shape that it necessitated my having lunch on four successive days in four roadside inns in four different counties .
In each inn they had nothing but bread and cheese ; nor can I imagine why a man should want more than bread and cheese , if he can get enough of it .
In each inn the cheese was good ; and in each inn it was different .
There was a noble Wensleydale cheese in Yorkshire , a Cheshire cheese in Cheshire , and so on .
Now , it is just here that true poetic civilization differs from that paltry and mechanical civilization which holds us all in bondage .
Bad customs are universal and rigid , like modern militarism .
Good customs are universal and varied , like native chivalry and self - defence .
Both the good and bad civilization cover us as with a canopy , and protect us from all that is outside .
But a good civilization spreads over us freely like a tree , varying and yielding because it is alive .
A bad civilization stands up and sticks out above us like an umbrella -- artificial , mathematical in shape ; not merely universal , but uniform .
So it is with the contrast between the substances that vary and the substances that are the same wherever they penetrate .
By a wise doom of heaven men were commanded to eat cheese , but not the same cheese .
Being really universal it varies from valley to valley .
But if , let us say , we compare cheese with soap ( that vastly inferior substance ) , we shall see that soap tends more and more to be merely Smith 's Soap or Brown 's Soap , sent automatically all over the world .
If the Red Indians have soap it is Smith 's Soap .
If the Grand Lama has soap it is Brown 's soap .
There is nothing subtly and strangely Buddhist , nothing tenderly Tibetan , about his soap .
I fancy the Grand Lama does not eat cheese ( he is not worthy ) , but if he does it is probably a local cheese , having some real relation to his life and outlook .
Safety matches , tinned foods , patent medicines are sent all over the world ; but they are not produced all over the world .
Therefore there is in them a mere dead identity , never that soft play of slight variation which exists in things produced everywhere out of the soil , in the milk of the kine , or the fruits of the orchard .
You can get a whisky and soda at every outpost of the Empire : that is why so many Empire - builders go mad .
But you are not tasting or touching any environment , as in the cider of Devonshire or the grapes of the Rhine .
You are not approaching Nature in one of her myriad tints of mood , as in the holy act of eating cheese .
When I had done my pilgrimage in the four wayside public - houses I reached one of the great northern cities , and there I proceeded , with great rapidity and complete inconsistency , to a large and elaborate restaurant , where I knew I could get many other things besides bread and cheese .
I could get that also , however ; or at least I expected to get it ; but I was sharply reminded that I had entered Babylon , and left England behind .
The waiter brought me cheese , indeed , but cheese cut up into contemptibly small pieces ; and it is the awful fact that , instead of Christian bread , he brought me biscuits .
Biscuits -- to one who had eaten the cheese of four great countrysides !
Biscuits -- to one who had proved anew for himself the sanctity of the ancient wedding between cheese and bread !
I addressed the waiter in warm and moving terms .
I asked him who he was that he should put asunder those whom Humanity had joined .
I asked him if he did not feel , as an artist , that a solid but yielding substance like cheese went naturally with a solid , yielding substance like bread ; to eat it off biscuits is like eating it off slates .
I asked him if , when he said his prayers , he was so supercilious as to pray for his daily biscuits .
He gave me generally to understand that he was only obeying a custom of Modern Society .
I have therefore resolved to raise my voice , not against the waiter , but against Modern Society , for this huge and unparalleled modern wrong .
class Speaker
def say_hello
" hello "
end
end
module EnglishSpeaker
expects_method = Speaker . instance_method ( : say_hello )
define_method : say_hello do | * args |
expects_method . bind ( self ) . call ( * args )
end
end
class Speaker
undef say_hello
end
Speaker .
new .
say_hello Speaker .
new .
extend ( EnglishSpeaker ) .
say_hello
I was recently working with a framework that reopened and defined a method on Object .
I wanted the behavior of the framework , but I also wanted to define my own behavior .
This is generally the case for alias_method_chain or one of the other Alternatives for Redefining Methods , but my circumstances ( to be discussed in a subsequent post ) prevented me from using one of the better known solutions .
The solution that worked for me was to move the original method definition to a module .
You may never need this technique , I only needed it once in the past 2.5 years .
But , when it applied I found it to be significantly better than the alternatives .
Capping a relentless rise in recent years , oil prices hit a record high during the day on Monday , then pulled back to close below the record .
The day ’s highest trading price , $ 103.95 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange , broke the record set in April 1980 during the second oil shock .
That price , $ 39.50 a barrel , equals $ 103.76 today , when adjusted for inflation .
The surge in energy prices is taking place as investors seek refuge in commodities to offset a slowing economy and a declining dollar .
Analysts pointed out that financial institutions like pension funds and hedge funds are also buying oil and other commodities like gold as hedges against a rise in inflation .
That trend is expected to continue , especially after Ben S. Bernanke , the chairman of the Federal Reserve , signaled last week that he was ready to cut interest rates further to bolster economic growth , despite rising consumer prices .
Eric Clough is n't your typical architectural designer .
Sure , he 'll design you a fine den or kitchen , but he 's clearly got a creative streak that goes much deeper than that .
That 's why , when given the opportunity , he secretly built an incredible scavenger hunt into a $ 8.5 - million , 4,200 - square - foot Park Avenue apartment that included ciphers , riddles , poems and a lot of hidden doors and compartments .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
In any case , the finale involved , in part , removing decorative door knockers from two hallway panels , which fit together to make a crank , which in turn opened hidden panels in a credenza in the dining room , which displayed multiple keys and keyholes , which , when the correct ones were used , yielded drawers containing acrylic letters and a table - size cloth imprinted with the beginnings of a crossword puzzle , the answers to which led to one of the rectangular panels lining the tiny den , which concealed a chamfered magnetic cube , which could be used to open the 24 remaining panels , revealing , in large type , the poem written by Mr. Klinsky .
Advertisement
How amazing is that ?
It took the family months to discover the scavenger hunt and weeks after that to figure it all out .
It 's like the live in a children 's book of some kind .
Unfortunately , magical things like this really are only possible when you 're loaded enough to buy an $ 8.5 - million apartment and then give someone another $ 1.26 million to renovate it without much oversight .
But hey , maybe if you 're nice to the guys installing your new fridge they 'll leave a post - it note with a poem stuck behind it as a secret prize for when you move .
Not quite as magical , but I 'm trying to work within your means here .
Advertisement
[ NY Times ]
For months , beleaguered American consumers have defied expert forecasts that they would soon succumb to the pressures of falling home prices , fewer jobs and shrinking paychecks .
Now , they appear to have given in .
On Wednesday , the Commerce Department reported that the economy continued to stagnate during the first three months of the year , with a sharp pullback in consumer spending the primary factor at play .
Pressures on households in which cash is tight appeared to weigh significantly in the calculations of the Federal Reserve as it rolled back interest rates Wednesday for the seventh time since September  this time by one - fourth of a percentage point  in a bid to prevent a further falloff in the economy .
The Fed made clear , though , that investors and borrowers should not expect another drop in interest rates anytime soon .
In the statement accompanying their action , policy makers said they believed that with the short - term rate at 2 percent , they had already unleashed enough economic stimulus to “ help promote moderate growth . ”
PROFILE : PARDIS SABETI
PBS Airdate : July 2 , 2008
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON : A lot of scientists , just like a lot of people , secretly wish they were rock stars .
But really , how hard could it be ?
Our love was like ... a supernova ... in the nebula of my soul ,
But now ... I find your heart ... is just a big black hole .
Well , maybe it 's harder than it looks .
But in this episode 's profile you 'll meet a scientist who has a much better shot at becoming a real rock star .
Do n't believe me ?
Check this out .
Thirty - two - year - old Pardis Sabeti is a member of the rock band Thousand Days ... singer , bass player and songwriter .
She 's a rocker by night ; come morning , Pardis plays a different tune .
PARDIS SABETI ( Harvard University ) : I 'm a geneticist , with an interest in infectious disease .
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON :
This is her stage by day , complete with its own dressing room and , of course , her instrument of choice .
In 2001 , Pardis used her instrument to make a major breakthrough in genetics .
She was combing through the human genome , trying to track natural selection .
ERIC LANDER ( Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard ) :
The process of natural selection is one of the most fundamental driving forces of evolution .
PARDIS SABETI : I 'm looking for all the things that are beneficial in the human genome .
Everything that I do is based on a very simple principle : things that are beneficial will spread through populations very quickly .
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON :
Think of it this way , in natural selection , our DNA , our internal blueprint , constantly mutates , and some of those changes help us survive in our given environment .
Those beneficial changes will be the ones that get passed down to future generations .
ERIC LANDER : If an advantageous mutation should occur , something that might protect you against a disease , for example , you 'll leave more offspring , and your offspring will leave more offspring .
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON :
And sometimes a genetic mutation will allow you to take advantage of a new source of food , for example , cow 's milk .
Thousands of years ago , most adults could n't drink milk without getting sick .
But after cows were introduced to Europe , people with a particular mutation that allowed them to drink milk safely could take advantage of this new food .
They had a better chance at survival , and passed that milk - drinking gene on to the next generation .
Today , 80 percent of European adults can drink milk .
That 's a genetic brushfire .
Pardis figured out how to spot brushfires , like these , in a genome .
She came up with an algorithm to compare genetic codes among hundreds of different people around the world , and identify the genes that have become very common , very fast , a sure sign of natural selection at work .
ERIC LANDER :
The cool thing about what Pardis did was figure out what to look for in the first place , figure out how to sift the haystack to find the needles .
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON :
And this idea has created a little brushfire of its own .
ERIC LANDER : Pardis ' idea has been picked up by many , many groups now .
It 's now considered a routine tool for scanning the human genome to understand evolution .
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON : Pardis is a graduate of MIT and the Harvard Medical School .
In one year , she received not only a seven - figure research grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , but an honorable mention in Billboard 's World Song Competition .
A female rocker who was born in Iran and is now a genetics professor at Harvard ... wait , let me repeat that : a female rocker who was born in Iran is now a genetics professor at Harvard .
Pardis is her very own mix of a new generation 's sensibilities with the old generation 's credentials .
PARDIS SABETI : If you do you what you love , things happen fast .
And I think that , that I do n't manage my time well , I do n't think I do anything special .
It 's just , I stick around things that I love .
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON :
She learned that at an early age .
Okay , maybe not this early , but her biggest lessons in life came from a unique family experience .
When Pardis was only two years old , her family was forced to leave their home in Iran because of the revolution .
They found refuge in the United States , but they had lost everything .
PARDIS SABETI : You established a life in one country , and then you get to a new country , and it 's sort of like : start over , learn a new language and get going .
So it took awhile .
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON :
All of this uncertainty meant that throughout her life there were only two things Pardis could count on , herself and her family .
PARISA SABETI ( Pardis Sabeti's Sister ) :
We were always , always together , which was great .
And so then you felt safe .
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON : Parisa is Pardis 's older sister , appointed playmate , and caregiver since birth .
PARISA SABETI : The moment that my sister came home , my mom made a big effort to say , " This is your sister .
Take care of your sister . "
The two of us were always very , very close .
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON : After her family finally got its new life in America on track , Pardis was in the 9th grade , when her father was in a car accident that nearly killed him .
PARISA SABETI : He shattered both of his legs .
It was an 18 - hour operation to piece his legs back together .
PARDIS SABETI : Months and months and months in the hospital .
They really did n't think he'd ever walk again .
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON : Her father made a full recovery , but this experience changed Pardis 's life .
She apprenticed with the doctor who performed the operation , which led to her decision to study medicine .
And her father 's example provided a lifelong lesson .
PARDIS SABETI : As long as I have a heartbeat , I 'm fine .
So I just do what I love , and I do it the best that I can .
And if it all goes away , I 'll just start over .
You get this added drive because life is so precious .
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON :
These days , Pardis has taken up the challenge of fighting malaria , a disease that infects at least 300 million and kills one to two million people each year .
She 's traveled to Africa to study how the malaria parasite interacts with its human hosts .
And just like the human genome , the genome of this parasite , spread by mosquitoes , has now been mapped .
Pardis is searching its genome for signs of natural selection in the hopes of understanding how this parasite develops resistance to the drugs we use to fight it .
PARDIS SABETI :
The same types of methods I used to study what are the things beneficial in humans that allow it to continue to survive and stay on this Earth , we can do the same thing with malaria .
DYANN WIRTH ( Harvard School of Public Health ) :
This approach that Pardis is using is bound to lead to breakthroughs .
ERIC LANDER : What 's wonderful is Pardis has no boundaries about what she 'd like to do , what she 's interested in doing .
Her problem will be how to choose which of those she can fit into a 24 - hour day .
NEIL deGRASSE TYSON :
And while the future is anybody 's guess , Pardis insists she 's a scientist through and through .
As she says , " It 's much cooler than being a rock star . "
PARDIS SABETI : You get these moments of thrill .
There you are , at 3:00 in the morning , and you know something about how we evolved that nobody else in the world knows .
It 's a thrill of discovery .
You make this breakthrough and you find something .
It 's this wonderful , wonderful scavenger hunt when you got to the end .
It 's just so great to be a scientist .
Triple - A Affiliate
The Official Site of the Albuquerque Isotopes Albuquerque Isotopes
The process whereby the neoconservatives were able to hijack the Republican Party ’s foreign policy has been dissected and analyzed frequently over the past two years .
Perhaps more disturbing in the long term , however , is their success at hijacking the label " conservative . "
When broadcast journalists Brian Williams and Katie Couric describe someone as a conservative Republican , they are frequently actually referring to a neoconservative .
When a Sunday morning talk show has a " conservative " on a panel to provide " balance , " he is more often than not a neoconservative .
This access to the media as the purported standard - bearers of conservatism has proven useful , as it enables the neocons to continue to have a major voice on policy in spite of being wrong on every major issue .
It also empowers them to constantly spin and refine their story , exonerating themselves while fear - mongering that there are new dangers that have to be dealt with , more dragons to slay .
Most Republicans , like most voters , prefer not to think very much about what the " conservative " label means .
Conservatism means supporting traditional ways of doing things domestically , i.e. , not embracing radical change , and a strong defense policy overseas .
Apart from that , there is not a great deal of refinement in the public ’s view of conservatism .
For many , a desirable defense and security policy is precisely what the neocons have created , a vengeful lashing out at the rest of the brown - skinned , non-Christian , ostensibly terrorism - fostering world using the maximum military force to complete the job .
In line with that simplistic worldview , many self - described conservatives continue to defend President George W. Bush and his neocon foreign policy only because they believe it important to support a Republican president come hell or high water , not because they have considered the issues or the ups and downs of the policies that are being pursued .
They take it on faith that Iran is bad and will have to be dealt with firmly , because , after all , that is what they are constantly seeing and hearing on television and reading in the newspapers , mostly coming from the same neocons who brought us Iraq .
But there is no free ride , politically speaking , and bad policies eventually result in a price paid at the voting box .
As the Iraq war is now disapproved of by more than two - thirds of Americans and further involvement in Iran is equally unpopular , Republicans and conservatives will have to rethink American their foreign policy if they ever hope to regain majority party status .
In so doing , they should return to the conservative principles that were delineated by the Founding Fathers , Russell Kirk , William F. Buckley , Barry Goldwater , and Ronald Reagan prior to the hijacking of the conservative label under George W. Bush .
The first principle for conservatives is that war is a " last option " to be employed when all else fails and there is a direct and imminent danger to the United States .
U.S. soldiers , sailors , Marines , and airmen are a precious commodity not be wasted in pointless wars , and our armed services are not an appropriate instrument for rebuilding or reforming other nations .
Iran ’s form of government is none of our business , and Tehran does not currently pose a level of threat to the American people that would justify military action .
Ronald Reagan put it best : " The defense policy of the United States is based on a simple premise : the United States does not start fights .
We will never be an aggressor . "
Barry Goldwater recommended that U.S. foreign policy " make it clear to all nations of this world that we have no desire to expand our territory or to impose our type of government or our way of life on any other people . "
Prior to George Bush , Republicans and conservatives have traditionally been reluctant warriors .
In the last century , the First World War , Second World War , Korea , and the escalation in Vietnam all took place under Democratic administrations with considerable dissent from Republicans .
In line with a reluctance to go to war , conservatives have always believed that the first line of defense is diplomacy .
Diplomacy supports the national interest without unleashing the unintended consequences that arise from warfare .
As Russell Kirk put it , " A sound conservative foreign policy in the age which is dawning should be neither ‘ interventionist ’ nor ‘ isolationist ’ ; it should be prudent . "
Diplomacy between the United States and Iran has not really been tried but is being dismissed by both the Bush administration and presidential candidate John McCain as naïve .
It is time to do the proper and prudent conservative thing , which means sitting down and talking to Iran , with no preconditions and with all issues on the table .
Conservatives also recognize that while the first victim in war is certainly truth in the media , the second victim is invariably civil liberties and the Constitution .
War means armies , police , taxes , big government , and restriction of personal freedoms .
It erodes fundamental rights and nearly always means intrusion into the private lives of citizens through laws that remain in place even after the foreign threat has disappeared .
As James Madison wrote , " " If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land , it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy .
Of all the enemies to public liberty , war is , perhaps , the most to be dreaded because it comprises and develops the germ of every other .
No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare . "
George Washington ’s Farewell Address of 1796 put it even more starkly , calling on Americans to avoid " the necessity of those overgrown military establishments which , under any form of government , are inauspicious to liberty , and which are to be regarded as particularly hostile to republican liberty . "
If Iraq , Afghanistan , and the largely fictional global war on terrorism produced the PATRIOT Act , the Military Commissions Act , the loss of FISA court controls , and the unitary executive concept , it is useful to consider what a more serious war with Iran might bring .
The United States does not need to dismantle more of the Constitution to fight yet another war of choice , because doing so will not make us any safer , only less free .
Fiscal responsibility , a strong dollar , and maintaining the economic well - being of the citizens are also traditional conservative agendas .
The war with Iraq has been an economic catastrophe , coupled with a sinking dollar , spiraling debt , and surging oil prices .
Much of the U.S. public debt is now in the hands of an adversary , China .
A war against Iran will bring a terrible " energy shock " and will only make things worse for the average American .
It could sink the U.S. dollar forever as the world flees from its use as a reserve currency .
As Ron Paul put it , " The moral and constitutional obligations of our representatives in Washington are to protect our liberty , not coddle the world , precipitating no -win wars , while bringing bankruptcy and economic turmoil to our people . "
Finally , conservatives traditionally understand that foreign and defense policy should ultimately benefit the United States and its people .
The government should be empowered to protect American citizens against foreign threats and terrorism , not to create new terrorists through ill - advised interventions overseas .
Our nation , which has always been respected for its fair dealing and its liberties , is now looked down upon by most of the world due to its bullying and intransigence .
John Quincy Adams said that " America does not need to go abroad in search of monsters to destroy . "
Attacking Iran would unleash a new wave of international terrorism and would convince much of the world that Washington is intent on changing governments willy - nilly and exterminating Muslims .
America does not need another 9/11 .
Referring to the terrorism problem , Pat Buchanan has written , " We need to remove the motivation for it by extricating the United States from ethnic , religious , and historical quarrels that are not ours and which we cannot resolve with any finality . "
George Washington put it another way in his Farewell Address , that the United States should " Observe good faith and justice towards all nations ; cultivate peace and harmony with all .
Religion and morality enjoin this conduct ; and can it be that good policy does not equally enjoin it .
It will be worthy of a free , enlightened , and at no distant period , a great nation , to give to mankind the magnanimous and too novel example of a people always guided by an exalted justice and benevolence . "
George Washington ’s advice , once revered by all true conservatives , was good in 1796 , and it is still good today .
Since it went into effect last week , at least eight violations of the new ceasefire agreement with Hamas and the Palestinian factions have been recorded , a UN source told Ynet on Thursday .
According to the source , seven violations were committed by the IDF , while the Palestinians are responsible for just one .
Crossing the Line Fayyad : Israel must open Gaza crossings / News agencies Palestinian prime minister calls for reopening of Gaza border crossings shut after rockets hit Israel despite ceasefire Full story
Most of the offences committed by the IDF include shots fired by soldiers at Palestinian farmers attempting to reach their land near the border security fence .
According to the UN , on June 20 an IDF patrol shot at Palestinian farmers near the fence east of Rafah .
The soldiers fired for ten minutes in order to drive the farmers away , but no injuries were reported .
During the evening of the same day a similar incident was recorded , in which IDF forces shot at Palestinian farmers near the Maghazi refugee camp .
Soldiers reportedly fired for five minutes , and no injuries were reported .
An hour later soldiers fired towards fisherman near the northern Gaza Strip town of Beit Lahiya in an attempt to drive them away .
Early on June 21 Navy forces opened fire in the same area , and later the same morning forces fired towards Palestinians near the Maghazi refugee camp .
No injuries were reported in either case .
70 - year old Jamil al - Gahoul was injured from IDF fire two days later , when an army patrol opened fire on a group of Palestinians reportedly gathering wood near Beit Lahiya at 7 am .
Only one Palestinian offence
The first violation committed by the Palestinians was recorded a day later , on June 24 , when Islamic Jihad fired three rockets at Sderot from the northern Gaza Strip town of Beit Hanoun .
On Wednesday morning IDF forces opened fire towards Palestinian farmers near the southern Gaza Strip town of Khan Younis .
An 82 - year old man was seriously injured from the fire , which lasted a few minutes .
Regarding the accusations against Israel the IDF stated that no attacks had been carried out in the Gaza Strip during the past few days , but that some incidents had occurred in which IDF soldiers had carried out operations .
Israel and Hamas have accused each other of violating the ceasefire agreement .
Following the rocket fire at Sderot , Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said that the fire constitutes a blatant violation of the truce .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak decided that the Gaza border crossings would remain closed following the fire , causing Hamas to accuse Israel of infringement of the agreement .
Following the lead of our progressive neighbors to the north , San Francisco , the City of Los Angeles has decided to ban plastic bags by 2010 .
A bit of a disclaimer , though – the ban will be implemented only if the State does not impose a 25 cent fee for each bag requested by a customer .
This bill ( AB 2058 ) is coming up for a vote in August .
Still , it ’s a step in the right direction , putting pressure on lawmakers to reduce the 2.3 billion bags used by consumers in Los Angeles .
The announcement comes after Los Angeles County supervisors caused disappointment in January when they abandoned a threat to ban the bags , choosing instead a voluntary program where stores were to “ encourage ” customers to bring reusable bags .
In other words , the status quo .
The City Council also voted to ban Styrofoam at all city - owned facilities , including LAX , by 2009 .
Though Los Angeles collects Styrofoam for recycling , there is n’t really a market for it – by the time it is melted down , very little material is left .
Last I heard , Styrofoam was being stored until another solution could be found … like a ban !
Ta da !
Both plastic bags and Styrofoam are a major environmental hazard in Los Angeles .
If you ’ve ever been to the beach after a rain , you know what I mean – the fact that the entire region ’s storm system drains into the Santa Monica and San Pedro Bays , untreated , is hard to miss .
Every cigarette butt , plastic bag , and Styrofoam cup ( now in a bajillion teeny tiny pieces ) that hit the streats in the Southland is now on the beach and in the water .
The resulting contamination and threat to marine life is obvious .
So , ban aside , you still have the personal choice not to accept these items – exercise it !
Photo credit : Paul Keller at Flikr under a Creative Commons license
Andy Buckley wrote a blog about why Python indentation was bad .
He has two arguments , and one example .
Fortunately , he is mostly wrong .
He is right about his first argument : Invisible syntax is n’t really a good idea .
A really good example of invisible code was old to me by a friend in Sweden many years ago .
There was a programming language , I ’ve forgotten the name , where any characters where allowed in variable names .
For a joke , people would insert the escape codes for colours in the variable names , so you would have a green variable , named red , and a red variable named red .
Highly confusing .
Then somebody figured out you could call the variable < escape to red >< escape to red> red < escape back > .
This would of course be completely indistinguishable from the other red red variable , and make the program incomprehensible .
Yes , invisible syntax is bad , and if you mix tabs and spaces in Python , the syntax indeed becomes invisible .
Andy will without a doubt be happy to know that Python 3 will no longer allow it .
Try it and you get “ TabError : inconsistent use of tabs and spaces in indentation ” .
This news was greeted at PyCon this year with loud cheers .
That means that with Python 3 , the syntax is no longer invisible .
You will see the difference in indentation , the indentation can no longer be ambiguous .
Yes , you can still mix three spaces with two spaces and one space and ten spaces .
But that does n’t matter .
Inconsistent indentation might be confusing , but no more so that inconsistent variable naming , and is no fault of the language .
The second reason from Andy is that you ca n’t use tools to fix the indentation .
But this is in fact incorrect .
If the indentation is broken , that is a syntactic error .
It ’s a bug .
You ca n’t use tools to fix bugs , you need a programmer .
His has an example of broken indentation and asks how it should be fixed .
It ’s this :
def myfunction ( foo , bar ) : foo.boing ( ) for i in bar . fizzle ( foo ) : baz = i** 2 foo.wibble ( baz ) return foo , baz
Well , but with braces , that code would look like this ( or similar , the indentation errors makes the code ambiguous , so there is alternative ways of misplacing the braces . ) :
def myfunction ( foo , bar ) : { foo. boing ( ) } { for i in bar . fizzle ( foo ) : { { baz = i** 2 } foo.wibble ( baz ) return foo , baz } }
How would you correct that ?
Which braces are incorrect ?
There is an error in how the blocks are created , and you ca n’t fix that with a tool , no matter if the blocks are created with brackets or white space .
Andy ’s real world example is that he needed to cooperate with somebody whose editor liked using a mix of tabs and three - space indents .
First , delete that editor , or fix the configuration .
Secondly , as long as the indentation in fact is correct , you can fix it .
The confusion comes if you use an editor where you have said that tabs should be shown as equal to four spaces , and you mix tabs and spaces .
Then you can get things that look like this :
def foo( ) : for x in range ( 5 ) : print x
And you go “ wha ? ”
Because that print line starts with a tab , which is expanded by python to eight spaces , but shown by your editor as four .
And the line before contains six spaces .
So , Python will interpret this correctly , your editor will not .
However , if you look at the file with “ less ” it will look OK .
These type of problems are fixable .
You can use a script that replaces all tabs with spaces , correctly .
Then the file will look OK .
And if the indentation after this is a mix of two , five and umpteen spaces , this is also fixable by tools .
In fact WingIDE , which I use , will complain on mixes of tabs and spaces and ask if they should be fixed .
It will adapt the indentation to what is already going on in the file , so when I get a file written with three spaces as indentation ( this has happened ) , this works just fine , but I can also tell it that no , it should in fact always be 4 ( or 2 or 6 or 9 ) spaces as indentation , consistently , and it will re-indent the whole file .
So , yes , invisible syntax is bad .
Yes , Python 2 has it .
Python 3 does not .
That you ca n’t fix programmer bugs with tools is nothing unique for Python .
You can fix ugly indentation in Python , as long as the code actually runs .
There is however one actual problem with the indentation :
There is no do - until loop .
And this is because you ca n’t write :
do : blablablabl until x
This is a pity , because I want a do until loop .
An alternate syntax is possible :
until x : blablablablabal
But this apparently has been decided against , because it means that the test comes before the code , and the variables used in the test gets defined after the test , which apparently is frowned upon from a syntactic point of view .
I do n’t care .
I still want an until x statement , but it seems I wo n’t get one .
And this is the indentations fault , and the only real problem with Pythons indentation as I see it .
But the benefits still are so many more and so much bigger that the drawbacks get dropped - kicked into PHP - land .
Cody 's Books , the legendary Berkeley bookstore that catered to literati nationwide for more than half a century and was firebombed in the 1980s because of its support of the First Amendment , has closed its doors , the victim of lagging sales .
The bookstore , which in recent years had closed its flagship store on Telegraph Avenue and its branches in San Francisco and on Berkeley 's Fourth Street , finally settling in early April in one store on Shattuck Avenue , shuttered that store Friday .
Calling it " a heartbreaking moment , " Cody 's owner , Hiroshi Kagawa of the Japanese firm IBC Publishing , said in a statement , " unfortunately , my current business is not strong enough or rich enough to support Cody's . "
" Cody 's is my treasure and more than that , Cody 's is a real friend of ( the ) Berkeley community and will be missed , " Kagawa said .
Pat Cody , one of the store 's co-founders , said the closing " makes me very sad .
We worked so hard and we put so much into it , and it meant a lot to the community .
It 's a big loss . "
The death knell was sounded a few months ago , when the rent on Cody 's store on Fourth Street was nearly tripled , according to general manager Mindy Galoob , " so we moved really fast over to Shattuck .
We were hopeful it would work out .
We had downsized our staff and had a smaller inventory . "
But sales " were not anywhere near what was needed . "
Andy Ross , who owned the store from 1977 until mid-2006 , when he sold it to Kagawa , said Sunday about the closing , " It 's no mystery - what 's happened to Cody 's is what has happened to independent stores for many years .
People are going somewhere else ( for books ) .
A lot of people like the allure of the Internet or chain stores .
And a lot of people do n't read . "
Ross said that " when Cody 's was doing quite well , independent stores had 40 to 50 percent of the market .
Now they 're down to about 3 percent of the market .
In the late 1980s and into 1990 , on a good Saturday Cody 's on Telegraph Avenue would do $ 30,000 in business .
More recently , a typical Saturday would bring $ 10,000 worth .
The business declined by two - thirds .
Costs were up , and sales were down . "
More than just dollars and cents , however , Cody 's was something of a symbol in Berkeley , a witness to and supporter of the Free Speech Movement of the 1960s , a well - stocked cornerstone of literacy for the thousands of students and faculty patrons from nearby UC Berkeley and a practitioner , in its own right , of free - speech principles .
In February 1989 , Cody 's was firebombed , and an unexploded pipe bomb was later found inside the store .
This all happened shortly after the store had prominently displayed Salman Rushdie 's " The Satanic Verses " at a time when many in the Muslim world were outraged by Rushdie 's novel , and the author had to go into hiding because of threats on his life .
It was never conclusively proven that Cody 's was bombed specifically because of its display of Rushdie 's book , but Ross said Sunday that threats to Rushdie and to bookstores that stocked it were taken so seriously that he had to call a meeting of his staff to discuss whether to display the book .
" The whole staff voted unanimously to sell the book , " Ross said .
" The workers were not getting rich off this store , but were willing to risk their lives for an idea .
It was the moment I was most proud of . "
It was also a store that brought authors from around the world , including Nobel laureates and Pulitzer Prize winners , to read their works to audiences who gathered at the Telegraph Avenue store .
One local Pulitzer Prize winner , Berkeley author Michael Chabon , said of Cody 's closing , " I think it 's a terrible shame .
It was a wonderful bookstore .
It 's painful , sort of like watching someone suffering from a chronic illness painfully and slowly die .
( Cody 's was ) part of the fabric of Berkeley , the social fabric and commercial fabric . "
Asked if Cody 's might some day reopen , in the same manner as Kepler 's , the Menlo Park bookstore that abruptly closed in August 2005 , and then was resurrected two months later with help from the local community , Galoob said , " We 're open to miracles happening , but I do n't think there are plans to find a buyer .
Of course , if somebody has an extra million , please send it along .
I 'll be sure to take them to lunch . "
She paused for a moment , then said , " it 's pretty much done . "
Development will favour PS3 in 2009 , says Yoshida Having achieved parity this year , development will differentiate titles in favour of the PS3 next year according to Sony Worldwide Studios president
Mark Androvich Monday 16th June 2008
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Sony Computer Entertainment
Next year will be the year that third - party development will favour the PS3 , says Shuhei Yoshida .
Speaking to GamesIndustry.biz , the new president of Sony Worldwide Studios admitted that the PS3's launch year was disappointing because third - party developers had to build their games based upon the Xbox 360's architecture as Microsoft 's hardware was released earlier .
" ... They must have been planning , thinking they have enough time , to port the second game to PS3 and release at the same time with the same quality , " he said .
" So they massively underestimated the effort that was needed to re-architect the game to properly take advantage of the PS3's multi-core architecture . "
Although not everything quite came out on time , Yoshida said that Sony was pretty happy with how the titles supported the launch and the system during the first year .
" But it 's impossible to bring the level of support that we feel is important for the PlayStation 3 platform without the third parties ' continued support .
That was the miscalculation by both us , and from third parties . "
He says that there are now more PS3 titles coming out on the same day as the Xbox 360 version - with the same level of quality - and consumers will start to see additional things on PS3 thanks to the storage capacity of the Blu-ray media .
Third - party developers are now coming to terms with the PS3 , and will no longer need to port over Xbox 360 versions of their games .
" That re-architecture only needs to happen once , and once you pass that , you have the foundation ready . "
" Moving forward I 'm totally confident that developers will start to use more from the PlayStation 3 platform .
This year is the year of parity , next year is the year of differentiation in favour of the PS3 platform , " Yoshida said .
Part One of our interview with Shuhei Yoshida is now online .
Part
Two will be available tomorrow .
Disappearing Rabbit Trick Save
Follow the rabbit tracks .
BAM !
The tracks suddenly end where the wing prints of an owl start .
This picture was taken by a friend of a friend who teaches in Bethel , Alaska .
Photo by Susan Barstow .
China to urgently boost GM crop development
by Staff Writers
Beijing ( AFP ) July 10 , 2008
China has said it must urgently step up the development of genetically modified crops as it faces mounting challenges to feed its 1.3 billion people due to shrinking arable land and climate change .
Newly - approved plans aim to cultivate high - yielding and pest - resistant genetically modified species , the State Council , or cabinet , said in a statement posted on its website late Wednesday
At a meeting chaired by Premier Wen Jiabao , Chinese leaders said the plans were " of strategic significance " in the country 's drive to make its agricultural sector more efficient and competitive internationally , the statement said .
" Departments must fully understand the importance and urgency of this significant project , further improve the programme and waste no time to carry it out , " it said .
It gave no details on which crops should be developed , but analysts said the plans were likely to focus on developing genetically modified organisms , or GMOs , including corn and rice .
China has become a major producer of genetically modified cotton and vegetables such as peppers and tomatoes , but it has yet to begin large - scale production of genetically modified rice , corn and soybeans .
" The approval signalled China is attaching more importance to development of GMOs and has made it a national strategy , " said Huang Dejun , chief analyst with Beijing Orient Agribusiness Consultant firm .
China 's cabinet last week approved a mid- and long - term grain security plan that aims to keep annual grain output above 500 million tonnes by 2010 and increase production to more than 540 million tonnes a year by 2020 .
Wen told a cabinet meeting China faces serious challenges in ensuring it will have enough grain to feed its population in the decades to come , citing urbanisation and climate change as two major problems .
" Given the shortage in resources like arable land and water and increasing population , GMO is vital for the country 's agriculture output , " Huang told AFP .
Dark Side of Oz
[ Setup ] [ Similarities with Pictures ] [ Similarities ] [ Conclusion ] [ Pink Floyd Lyrics ]
I 've done this experiment quite a few times , and I 'll have to admit that there are a lot of coincidental events and themes .
Although Pink Floyd has never admitted to doing such a thing ( except Roger , who stays quiet when asked ) , there are just a few points that should be examined .
I guess you 'll just have to come to your own conclusion .
It 's just the way it is with this band .
But one thing this experiment does do is bring the theme of The Dark Side to life , whether it was intentional or not .
In other words , IT'S WORTH DOING !
This page was brought to life to explore a possible theme for this great controversy .
Hope you enjoy the show !
Click here for the W izard of Oz Poster ~ Over The Rainbow
Trippy inspiration for Pink Floyd Dark Side of the Moon ~ 24x36 "
CLICK HERE FOR WIZARD OF OZ AND PINK FLOYD MERCHANDISE
Getting Setup
It will probably take you a few tries to get the synch lined up just right so be patient .
First load the Dark Side of the Moon CD into your CD player and hit PLAY ( > ) and then immediately hit PAUSE ( II ) so it is cued up and ready to roll .
Be sure also to set your CD player to continuous replay .
This in most CD players is done by hitting the " REPEAT " button twice .
Hitting it once will repeat only the presently playing track so hit the button two ( 2 ) times and it will replay the CD over and over .
The CD will play roughly two and a quarter times through the entire length of the movie .
Now start the video and get past all the preview junk ( about five minutes worth on the THX voersion ) at the beginning and watch for the BLACK & WHITE MGM lion to roar .
After the BLACK &WHITE MGM Lion roars for the THIRD ( 3rd ) time IMMEDIATELY hit the play button on the CD player .
Be sure to turn down the sound on the TV because the dialogue and original soundtrack are not necessary for this experiment .
" The Dark Side of the Moon " will provide all the sound you need .
For your most enjoyment make sure you get number one in the list below exactly right .
Do n't worry if you have to restart it a few times .
The effect is worth the trouble .
I have discovered some problems with a few of the compact stereos with the CD player on the top .
They either do not have a " repeat " function or the response is a bit delayed ..
Therefore your results after the first playthrough will probably vary from this list .
Just get the first one listed below correct and you will at least get the first and best playthough just fine .
Similarities with Pictures Breathe " Balanced on the biggest wave " as Dorthy 's balancing on the fence .
as Dorthy 's balancing on the fence .
On the Run starts as Dorthy falls .
Notice the theme of the music as everyone panics .
On the Run Notice how at the end of the song , you hear thunder and then the camera shot of the sky .
Could there be a storm coming ?
Time
The ringing of bells is heard as Time starts and the witch enters on her bike .
starts and the witch enters on her bike .
Notice how Dorthy look 's back and forth , in sync with the guitar picks , well kinda .
During the guitar solo in Time , you will see the fortune teller 's sign .
It reads Past , Present , and Future .
, you will see the fortune teller 's sign .
It reads .
During the reprise of Breathe , notice Dorthy 's reaction to the fortune teller , like she 's being foretold something great .
There 's no place like " home , home again " .
Great Gig in the Sky The song starts as Dorthy leaves the fortune teller .
Spoken : " I 'm not frightend of dying , anytime will do , I do n't mind " as Dorthy soon faces her near death experience .
as Dorthy soon faces her near death experience .
Notice how the camera angles change with the music .
Notice how the singer sings as Dorthy panics .
The singer slows down as the window hits Dorthy in the head .
The song ends as Dorthy leaves the house .
Why is it called the Great Gig in the Sky ?
Could it be that the house is in the sky ?
?
Could it be that the house is in the sky ?
I always wondered why Clare Torry sung like that .
Money Notice how the movie is now in color .
The song starts as Dorthy enters
Oz to the sound of cash registers and money chimes .
The munchkins seem to dance in beat during the guitar solo .
At the end of the song , you hear spoken : " I do n't know ; I was really drunk at the Time " .
Is n't there a rumor that the munchkins were all drunks ?
That 's why they marched out of step ?
http://www.eskimo.com/~tiktok/faq09b.html#ozq9.19
money.wav ( 44.1 kHz 8 - bit mono 100 kb ) ( from P.U.L.S.E.
Money -
" I do n't know ; I was really drunk at the Time " ) Us and Them Notice Certificate of Death .
. Ballerinas enter on " Us . . .
Us . . .
Us . . . " .
.
Notice how the munchkins move to the music .
Is it " which is which " or witch is witch ?
or witch is witch ?
" Down . . .
Down . . .
Down . . . " as the bad witch of the east goes down .
as the bad witch of the east goes down .
" Round and Round . . . " repeated shots of the red slippers .
repeated shots of the red slippers .
" Out . . .
Out . . .
Out . . . " as the good witch of the north disappears .
as the good witch of the north disappears .
The scenes change as the song ends .
Any Colour You Like as long as it's black Is n't this movie now in color ?
Notice how Dorthy walks as the song starts .
Any path you want to take .
Brain Damage Scarecrow sings
If I Only Had a Brain .
What 's the name of this song ?
Eclipse
As the song ends with da heartbeat , Dorthy 's trying to hear a heartbeat in the Tin Man .
Other Interesting Facts
Why is Time capitalized in the introductry text ?
capitalized in the introductry text ?
Somewhere Over the Rainbow and the prism on the album cover .
and the prism on the album cover .
The Division Bell
Why is there a concentration on 3 in this album ?
For the third lion roar ?
The 3 guys with the banners ?
The three observatories ?
Three clicks to go home ?
What about the monkeys in Keep Talking ?
Sleeping flowers ?
The Division Bell ?
P.U.L.S.E .
Why are the six girls pushing / pulling the big red shoe ?
graphic from Pink Floyd The Division Bell Guitar Tablature Edition
There 's the 3 left symbol .
Once again the 3 .
On the album cover : the bike , the bell ( " caused the faithful to their knees " ) ?
Note the concentration of the colors black and white , and fire .
Breathe
Dorthy is on Earth , and everyone is talking to her , but this what are they really saying ?
" Breathe in the air " , Air , Earth and Water , the basis of life ( Mother Nature ) .
" Leave , but do n't leave me " , It 's funny how we are with the ones that we love .
- " Look around , choose your own ground " , Get your own bag ( of chips ) .
Do what you want .
" All you touch and all you see " , life on earth is so tangible .
Working , it 's just a cycle of the same thing ( circle ) .
Do n't take risks , be conservative .
On the Run
The famous and sweet dreamer 's song Somewhere Over the Rainbow , or the psychotic sounds of On the Run .
Very
contrasting concepts .
Time
Time is a fact of life , since we measure our life span with it .
Time will always exist , since it 's just a perfect concept .
Time is infinite , but why does it start at the birth of Christ .
Why are there 7 days .
Okay , one question then , was there a Big Bang or a Creation .
Well the way I see it is that even if there was a Big Bang , what caused it ?
Furthermore , what existed before the Big Bang , since Time is infinite .
Surely something does not come from nothing , unless you create it .
During the Breathe reprise , " Far away , across the field , the tolling of the iron bell , caused the faithful to their knees , to
hear the softly spoken magic spells " .
There 's no place like " home , home again " .
Great Gig in the Sky
Death should be a Great Gig in the Sky .
Death is the climax of life .
" Here were these long - haired hippie types asking her ( Clare Torry ) to sing a song with no words , about death " .
Quote
from the book Another Brick In the Wall by Cliff Jones .
Money
The theme song of Hell .
Enter Dorthy .
The Good Witch is an Angel , cause as she leaves as a pink ball , all the munchkins plea to her .
There will be dancing and a parade .
" I do n't know ; I was really drunk at the Time " .
Why do people talk so much shit when their drunk ?
Us and Them
The actual performance .
The performance is n't perfect , this is Hell .
You have to admit that this is the " brightest " song of the album .
Lot 's of moral issues in this song , and possible solutions .
Certificate of Death for Dorthy .
Ballerinas enter on " Us . . .
Us . . .
Us . . . " .
" Me . . . Me . . .
Me . . . and You . . .
You . . .
You . . . , God only knows it's not what we would choose to do " .
Me , the Soul of Hell and You .
- The scenes change as the song ends .
Any Colour You Like as long as it's black
Is n't this movie now in color ?
Brain Damage
Scarecrow sings
If I Only Had a Brain .
What 's the name of this song ?
Eclipse
Eclipse , Life is like a book , everything that you do in your Life is written .
History can only be told one way .
Life is just a part of Time , and can only be seen one way , that is after death .
It 's the Present that we must now concentrate on to make the Future brighter .
It 's all about Respect .
It 's " Right Now , what are you waiting for " ?
" No one told you when to run , you missed the starting gun " .
There is no detail in Life that should be overlooked .
Every action does cause a reaction .
The After - Life is . . .
All the you touch , and all that see , all that you taste , all you feel , and all that you love , and all that you hate , all you distrust , all you save , and all that you give , and all that you deal , and all that you buy , beg , borrow or steal , and all you create , and all you distroy , and all that you do , and all that you say , and all that you eat , and everyone you meet , and all that you slite , and everyone you fight , and all that is now , and all that is gone , and all that 's to come , and evrything under the Sun is in tune , but the Sun is eclipsed by the Moon .
" but the Sun is eclipsed by the Moon " . . .
As the song ends with a heartbeat , Dorthy 's trying to hear a heartbeat in the Tin Man .
STILL DONT BELIEVE IT ??
SEE FOR YOURSELF !
CLICK HERE FOR THE WIZARD OF OZ DVD
CLICK HERE FOR PINK FLOYD DARK SIDE OF THE MOON CD
CLICK HERE FOR WIZARD OF OZ AND PINK FLOYD MERCHANDISE
Released March , 1973
" Speak to Me " ( Mason )
" I 've been mad for fucking years , absolutely years , been
over the edge for yonks , been working me buns off for bands ... "
" I 've always been mad , I know I 've been mad , like the
most of us ... very hard to explain why you 're mad , even
if you 're not mad ... "
( Instrumental )
" Breathe " ( Waters , Gilmour , Wright )
Breathe , breathe in the air .
Do n't be afraid to care .
Leave but do n't leave me .
Look around and choose your own ground .
Long you live and high you fly
And smiles you 'll give and tears you 'll cry
And all you touch and all you see
Is all your life will ever be .
Run , rabbit run .
Dig that hole , forget the sun ,
And when at last the work is done
Do n't sit down it 's time to dig another one .
For long you live and high you fly
But only if you ride the tide
And balanced on the biggest wave
You race towards an early grave .
" On The Run " ( Gilmour , Waters )
[ female announcer , announcing flights at airport , including ' Rome ' ]
" Live for today , gone tomorrow , that 's me , HaHaHaaaaaa ! "
( Instrumental )
" Time " ( Mason , Waters , Wright , Gilmour )
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
You fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way .
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way .
Tired of lying in the sunshine staying home to watch the rain .
You are young and life is long and there is time to kill today .
And then one day you find ten years have got behind you .
No one told you when to run , you missed the starting gun .
So you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it 's sinking
Racing around to come up behind you again .
The sun is the same in a relative way but you 're older ,
Shorter of breath and one day closer to death .
Every year is getting shorter never seem to find the time .
Plans that either come to naught or half a page of scribbled lines
Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way
The time is gone , the song is over ,
Thought I 'd something more to say .
" Breathe " ( reprise )
Home , home again .
I like to be here when I can .
When I come home cold and tired
It 's good to warm my bones beside the fire .
Far away across the field
The tolling of the iron bell
Calls the faithful to their knees
To hear the softly spoken magic spells .
" The Great Gig in the Sky " ( Wright )
" And I am not frightened of dying , any time will do , I
do n't mind .
Why should I be frightened of dying ?
There 's no reason for it , you 've gotta go sometime . "
" If you can hear this whispering you are dying . "
" I never said I was frightened of dying . "
( Instrumental )
" Money " ( Waters )
Money , get away .
Get a good job with good pay and you 're okay .
Money , it 's a gas .
Grab that cash with both hands and make a stash .
New car , caviar , four star daydream ,
Think I 'll buy me a football team .
Money , get back .
I 'm all right Jack keep your hands off of my stack .
Money , it 's a hit .
Do n't give me that do goody good bullshit .
I 'm in the high - fidelity first class traveling set
And I think I need a Lear jet .
Money , it 's a crime .
Share it fairly but do n't take a slice of my pie .
Money , so they say
Is the root of all evil today .
But if you ask for a raise it's no surprise that they 're
giving none away .
" HuHuh !
I was in the right ! "
" Yes , absolutely in the right ! "
" I certainly was in the right ! "
" You was definitely in the right .
That geezer was cruising for a
bruising ! "
" Yeah ! "
" Why does anyone do anything ? "
" I do n't know , I was really drunk at the time ! "
" I was just telling him , he could n't get into number 2 .
He was asking
why he was n't coming up on freely , after I was yelling and
screaming and telling him why he was n't coming up on freely .
It came as a heavy blow , but we sorted the matter out "
" Us and Them " ( Waters , Wright )
Us , and them
And after all we 're only ordinary men .
Me , and you .
God only knows it 's noz what we would choose to do .
Forward he cried from the rear
and the front rank died .
And the general sat and the lines on the map
moved from side to side .
Black and blue
And who knows which is which and who is who .
Up and down .
But in the end it 's only round and round .
Have n't you heard it 's a battle of words
The poster bearer cried .
Listen son , said the man with the gun
There 's room for you inside .
" I mean , they 're not gunna kill ya , so if you give 'em a quick short ,
sharp , shock , they wo n't do it again .
Dig it ?
I mean he get off
lightly , ' cos I would 've given him a thrashing - I only hit him once !
It was only a difference of opinion , but really ... I mean good manners
do n't cost nothing do they , eh ? "
Down and out
It can't be helped but there 's a lot of it about .
With , without .
And who 'll deny it's what the fighting 's all about ?
Out of the way , it 's a busy day
I 've got things on my mind .
For the want of the price of tea and a slice
The old man died .
" Any Colour You Like " ( Gilmour , Mason , Wright )
( Instrumental )
" Brain Damage " ( Waters )
The lunatic is on the grass .
The lunatic is on the grass .
Remembering games and daisy chains and laughs .
Got to keep the loonies on the path .
The lunatic is in the hall .
The lunatics are in my hall .
The paper holds their folded faces to the floor
And every day the paper boy brings more .
And if the dam breaks open many years too soon
And if there is no room upon the hill
And if your head explodes with dark forebodings too
I 'll see you on the dark side of the moon .
The lunatic is in my head .
The lunatic is in my head
You raise the blade , you make the change
You re-arrange me ' til I 'm sane .
You lock the door
And throw away the key
There 's someone in my head but it 's not me .
And if the cloud bursts , thunder in your ear
You shout and no one seems to hear .
And if the band you 're in starts playing different tunes
I 'll see you on the dark side of the moon .
" I can't think of anything to say except ...
I think it 's marvelous !
HaHaHa ! "
" Eclipse " ( Waters )
All that you touch
All that you see
All that you taste
All you feel .
All that you love
All that you hate
All you distrust
All you save .
All that you give
All that you deal
All that you buy ,
beg , borrow or steal .
All you create
All you destroy
All that you do
All that you say .
All that you eat
And everyone you meet
All that you slight
And everyone you fight .
All that is now
All that is gone
All that 's to come
and everything under the sun is in tune
but the sun is eclipsed by the moon .
" There is no dark side of the moon really .
Matter of fact it 's all dark . "
CLICK HERE FOR THE WIZARD OF OZ DVD
CLICK HERE FOR
PINK FLOYD DARK SIDE OF THE MOON CD
What if programming language implementations were object - oriented ?
What if you wanted to change one itty - bitty part of your favorite language ?
Say you wanted to add an exponentiation operator ( ^^ ) .
How hard would it be ?
Would n’t it be nice if you could “ subclass ” a language like C# and then add 5 lines of code to make it work and then use it ?
What if you could add Ruby - like method_missing support in 20 lines ?
What if you could conceive of a new language and start experimenting with it in production code in an hour ?
What if it leveraged your knowledge of existing frameworks like .
NET ?
Let ’s imagine that it were possible .
Let ’s say someone else created a basic calculator - like “ language ” :
Even without knowing the syntax , you can probably figure out how it works since it ’s written very close to the standard way of describing a language .
If you give this language “ 34 ” , it will respond with 12 .
If you give it “ 2 ^ ( 34 ) ” , it ’d respond with a nice syntax error message like “ I do n’t know how to deal with the ‘ ^ ’ symbol .
Sorry ! ”
But you could make it work by writing this object - oriented - like “ subclass ” of the language :
Now , giving this language “ 2 ^ ( 3 * 4 ) ” happily gives you 4096 .
This worked using simple inheritance .
What if you wanted to compose your language from several other languages ?
That is , something like “ multiple inheritance ” but without its problems ?
What if we took a simpler approach and allowed a language to attempt to match elements of any other language ?
Let ’s say we want to build a scientific calculator that leverages some of the work we ’ve already done .
Instead of inheriting from it , we ’ll call out to it :
Now you can calculate expressions like “ sqrt ( 1+2^3 ) ! ”
What if such a meta language ( e.g. a language for describing other languages ) existed ?
What would you do with it ?
How might it help you get things done while producing extremely small , but very readable code ?
What if creating a new language that perfectly fit a problem your software was trying to solve was as easy as writing a simple regular expression ?
What if you could get all the whiz - bang , gotta - have tool support like syntax highlighting , interactive debugging , and a compiler for it came at almost no extra cost ?
What if the barrier to entry for a new language was so low , that almost anyone could do it quickly ?
This is what I ’ve been thinking about for the past month or so .
Who ? &
What ?
When I was doing some research for my “ Towards Moore ’s Law Software ” series , I came across a very interesting language called OMeta which was created by Alessandro Warth and Ian Piumarta with some inspiration from Alan Kay .
In their 2007 Dynamic Languages Symposium paper , the authors described OMeta as
”.. a new object - oriented language for pattern matching .
OMeta is based on a variant of Parsing Expression Grammars ( PEGs ) — a recognition based foundation for describing syntax — which we have extended to handle arbitrary kinds of data .
We show that OMeta ’s general - purpose pattern matching provides a natural and convenient way for programmers to implement tokenizers , parsers , visitors , and tree transformers , all of which can be extended in interesting ways using familiar object - oriented mechanisms .
This makes OMeta particularly well - suited as a medium for experimenting with new designs for programming languages and extensions to existing languages . ”
To be honest , I did n’t really understand the paper when I first read it .
It sounded cool , but it used a few new terms I had n’t heard of before .
However , I could n’t help but be fascinated by OMeta ’s readable syntax .
OMeta does n’t try to solve every problem involved with writing a complete program .
It makes no claims about being a good general purpose programming language .
But it positions itself by doing just one thing really well :
Pattern matching .
If you look at modern programming languages that are good for developing other languages , you ’ll notice that they usually have good pattern matching capabilities .
For example , in ML ( which stands for meta - language ) , you can specify functions in terms of patterns .
Here ’s how you can reverse a list :
This defines the function named “ reverse . ”
When it sees the “ pattern ” where the function is called with an empty list ( nil ) , it just returns nil .
However , when the function is passed in a list whose first element is “ x ” and the rest of the list is “ xs ” , it will return the reverse of the rest of the list and then append the head of the list to the end .
If you think about it for a second , it ’s a really compact way of expressing how to reverse a list .
Streams of Anything
What I find interesting about OMeta is how it matches patterns .
OMeta can operate on a stream of anything .
This is useful because modern language implementations have several phases that work on different types of “ things . ”
Here ’s a simplified view of what a compiler does :
At the start of the process , you ’re working with individual characters from source code .
The list of characters is converted to tokens by use of a scanner .
This is how the characters ‘ i ’ , ‘ n ’ , and ‘ t ’ become the “ INT ” token .
The next phase combines tokens together to form a higher level view of the program , typically using a tree data structure .
From that phase , several intermediate steps occur on the program ( almost always in tree form ) , until it ’s finally pulled apart to make an executable program .
Often , you have to use different tools at each phase .
You might use lex for the scanner ( aka “ lexer ” ) , Yacc for the parser , and some sort of visitor pattern in your implementation language ( e.g. C# ) for many of the intermediate phases .
With all of these different tools to learn , it ’s no wonder why most people do n’t even bother trying to create their own language .
OMeta is different in that lets you use the same syntax for all phases .
The only thing that is different is what the input stream contains .
At the start , the input stream is characters .
In subsequent phases , it tokens , then trees , and then finally you produce your intended result .
At each pass , your OMeta code has similar syntax .
Passing the Match Around
Another interesting bit about OMeta is how it goes about finding rules .
Rules are defined in grammars which behave like classes in an object - oriented language .
A grammar can “ inherit ” from another grammar .
An added twist is that a grammar can call out to a “ foreign ” grammar .
This makes it easier to build a language from many different reusable parts and allows for trivial “ mashups ” of several languages .
Additionally , if a rule has multiple “ choices , ” then OMeta always tries to match the first choice , then the second , and so on until it achieves success .
Although this seems obvious in hindsight , most parsers do n’t have prioritized choices and thus they make it easy to define ambiguous rules .
For example , is “ 1 - 2 - 3 ” equal to “ ( 1 - 2 ) - 3 ” = - 4 or “ 1 - ( 2 - 3 ) ” = 2 ?
With prioritized choice , you make this explicit .
If it successfully parses , then it has exactly one choice and therefore no ambiguities .
The last really interesting aspect of OMeta ’s design is what it does when it matches a pattern .
A pattern might consist of several sub-components .
Each of these components ( e.g. rules ) can be captured into a variable .
OMeta then feeds these variables into a “ host ” language .
OMeta does n’t care what the host language is .
It can be just about any language ( e.g. JavaScript , LISP , C++ , etc. ) .
Typically , the host language is what the OMeta implementation itself was written in .
The host language is free to do whatever it likes with the variables .
OMeta is only responsible for getting them there .
The OMeta paper describes an implementation where the host language is cola .
Other early versions were written in Squeak and use that as the host language .
Alessandro has recently created a JavaScript version where you experiment with OMeta / JS ( e.g. JavaScript is the host language ) in your browser .
It ’s a very interesting playground .
Some of the demonstrations range from the basic calculator language , to a type checker , to LISP , to even the OMeta compiler and code generator itself and all of them are written in OMeta / JS .
The playground website is neat to use because it shows the translated ( generated ) JavaScript code for the grammar ( although the generated code needs to be put through a pretty printer to make any sense of it ) .
After understanding the basics of OMeta / JS , I thought it would be interesting to have the host language be any .NET language .
I started to sketch out what this might look like by using my limited JavaScript ability and translating Alessandro ’s code to an equivalent functionality in C# .
The result was the start of a project that needed a name .
“ OMeta # ” seemed to fit the bill .
Besides , it just sounded better than other .
NET - ism alternatives like “ NOMeta ” , “ OMeta.net ” , or “ IronOMeta . ”
Some might ask , “ Why .NET ? ” A subtle reason is that OMeta is useful for code generation .
Code generation is a normal part of the .NET ecosystem even if people do n’t realize it .
When people use the graphical designer in Windows Forms , there is a code generator working behind the scenes writing code for their host language ( typically C# or Visual Basic ) .
When people write ASP.
NET “ .aspx ” files , there is a hidden process that takes that HTML - like “ language ” and compiles it to a real DLL .
For example , ASP.NET transforms this :
Into this generated code :
I wanted to bring a similar “ it just works ” illusion to the .NET world with OMeta# .
With the encouragement of Alessandro , I started working on some of the supporting “ goo ” that would be required to get OMeta working on the .NET ’s Common Language Runtime ( CLR ) .
This is n’t trivial because the CLR has stricter type system than languages like JavaScript .
Also , since I chose C# as the implementation language , I had to make sure that the code passed all of the static type checking it performs at compile time .
It ’s been a slow start , but I have been able to make a few steps towards making it work .
One pragmatic question is why even bother adding another language , or rather , meta - language to the .NET world ?
Why not just get proficient at another toolset that is decent at creating language like ANTLR , Irony , NParsec , or IronRuby ?
What about using Parsing Expression Grammars in F# or writing Domain Specific Languages in Boo with its extensible compiler pipeline ?
Ultimately , all of those tools are pretty good , but none of them did exactly what I was looking for .
Some came close , but none of them seem capable of matching OMeta ’s power and simplicity .
Another reason was that I knew that writing an implementation of OMeta from the ground up would really help me “ know ” how it works .
More importantly , I thought it would be fun to work on .
I ’m not a language expert .
I ’ll never reach the level of someone like Anders , but I was one of those odd kids that actually liked my compilers and programming languages classes .
I also enjoyed the talks from this year ’s Lang.NET symposium ( even if I did n’t understand a lot of things ) .
The Grand OMeta# Vision
The grand vision for OMeta# is to make it really simple to create languages that “ just work . ”
It probably wo n’t have the world ’s best performance , but it should be decent enough for almost all practical applications .
It would be neat to have OMeta# ( or something like it ) be used to do the following :
Serve as a common , unified way for developing languages on the .NET platform —
There are many helpful , yet often different “ tools ” out there for various stages of language design .
I mentioned a few earlier , but some of the more advanced ones include the new Dynamic Language Runtime ( DLR ) and Phoenix compiler framework .
It would be neat to have a language that abstracted away some of these tools into a clean syntax like OMeta .
That way , you ’d get the benefit of these tools without having to constantly learn different ways of manipulating the concepts that can be expressed simply .
Factor out the “ goo ” of language development —
For a language to be taken seriously , it has to have things like syntax highlighting , interactive debugging , and a decent compiler .
Each of these takes time to implement and often involves a high learning curve .
It would be great if you could just make some minor annotations to your OMeta grammar and then these features would “ just work . ”
Useful for teaching —
One of my favorite textbooks in college was “ Programming Languages : An Interpreter - Based Approach ” by Ramsey ( et. al. ) .
Our class used a “ draft ” version of it ( and it still has n’t been published yet ) .
It took a very interesting approach towards teaching programming languages .
In order to understand a language like Scheme , you had to implement an interpreter for it in C or ML .
I really liked this approach because getting your hands dirty with implementing the language typically leads to a better understanding of it .
I would love to have the ability to implement this type of approach in something like OMeta .
You could understand the essence of a language by only having to understand a page or two of code .
It would also let you learn by experimenting with adding small features to existing languages .
Practical for production use —
For anything to really succeed at moving towards a Moore ’s Law increase in expressiveness , it has to have reasonable quality .
I can imagine OMeta# being introduced into real production projects by first integrating a small amount of OMeta ’s “ generated ” a project and then over time implementing more and more parts of the application in this highly specific language .
For this to occur , it has to be reliable and simple to use .
When ?
Where ?
All of the parts of the vision are still in the future .
To make them a reality will require more than just a single person or even a couple of people .
I ’m naïve crazy enough to think that it ’s actually possible .
In an effort not to “ go dark , ” I ’ve decided to be fairly open about the design and implementation of OMeta# .
The current state of the code is n’t even alpha quality yet .
Despite all of these shortcomings , I ’ve posted what I have so far on CodePlex and will continue to make updates to it .
Keeping in the tradition of other OMeta implementations , I ’ve licensed it under the MIT License so that you can use , experiment , play , and modify it without any licensing concerns .
The first interesting result is that I ’ve been able to get a complete end to end demo working for an extremely simple grammar that matches numbers .
I fed this input grammar written in OMeta / C# :
into my OMeta compiler / translator and successfully had it generate this output C# file .
There is still a ton of work left .
It ’s quite possible that some of the design decisions I ’ve made so far need to be challenged and redesigned .
I ’d love to get feedback from anyone that ’s interested .
What do you think ?
Do you think OMeta fills a unique niche ?
Do you think it would be useful to have as a tool in .NET ?
Would you want to help out making “ The Grand OMeta# Vision ” happen ?
If so , what parts can you help out with ?
I ’m curious to hear your thoughts .
In my next post , I hope to cover some of the technical details for how my current implementation works “ under the covers . ”
P.S. Many thanks to Alessandro Warth for creating this beautiful language and helping me get started !
How To Sell Insurance : 5 Expert Tips for Generating Leads and Growing Your Business
Are you an insurance agent or broker struggling to make a sale ?
You ’re not alone .
The insurance industry , although massive and lucrative , is fiercely competitive and brutal .
Research shows more than 90 percent of new agents quit the job within five years .
If you ’ve been in the industry for more than five years , thumbs up .
You deserve it for going against the odds .
However , there is no reason you should n’t be a top agent who pulls in a six - figure income .
You just need to know how to sell insurance like a pro .
Often , mastering the art of selling is the one thing that makes the difference between a successful agent and a failed one .
In this article , we ’re sharing tips you can use to generate leads and triple your sales .
1. Do n’t Go Solo Too Soon
As an insurance agent , you ’ll probably start out your career by finding employment in an established insurance agency or brokerage .
Or you could be hired as an in - house agent or consultant by an insurance company .
Either way , you ’ll start by working for someone .
But if you ’re anything like the vast majority of agents , your ultimate goal is to be your own boss .
This means starting your own insurance agency .
There ’s nothing wrong with that , but it ’s not advisable to go solo too soon .
There ’s a lot of learning you need to do before you can run your own successful outfit , and this learning will be done on the job .
When you work at an established agency , for instance , you get to work under or with experienced agents who have mastered the selling craft .
You want to gain as much experience and connections from these people as possible .
By the time you ’re going solo , you should be confident that you have what it takes to run your own agency .
2. Specialize
There are several types of insurance .
Nothing prevents you from dealing with as many insurance types as you possibly can and licensed for .
Indeed , many agents typically sell several types of insurance .
This is to say Agent X can sell auto insurance , business insurance , homeowners ’ insurance , pet insurance , and more .
This is understandable .
It enables you to cast a wider net and capture more clients .
However , when you really want to become a top - selling agent , you ’re advised to narrow down your focus and sell no more than 3 types of insurance .
You might be wondering how narrowing down your focus increases your ability to make more sales , but it ’s all about trust .
Potential clients will trust you more when you come across as a , say life insurance specialist , than a jack of all trades .
Do your research and assess your abilities to find the insurance policies you ’d like to specialize in .
3. Earn Certifications to Boost Your Credibility
Some insurance policies are more complex than others .
For example , the process of buying auto insurance is n’t the same as buying life or health insurance .
Auto insurance is pretty straightforward .
What can go wrong when you ’re purchasing a policy that expires with a month or year ?
However , life insurance is different .
Buyers want to know more about it .
They want to learn about the different types of life insurance before they commit themselves .
They want to get the advice of a credible insurance agent .
The question is : how do you position yourself as a credible and trustworthy insurance agent ?
One of the things you can do is to earn relevant professional certifications .
For instance , if you ’re specializing in life insurance , you can obtain a life insurance certification .
This is in addition to your state - specific agent license .
Also , it helps to understand the product you ’re selling .
If a client asks you a question and you ’re hesitant to give an answer or give one that ’s not satisfactory , you ’ll be shooting yourself in the arm .
4. Implement an Innovate Marketing Strategy
If you ’re already running your own agency , it ’s time to create and implement a marketing strategy that works .
In the digital age , the vast majority of consumers are buying insurance online .
When the average consumer wants to buy health insurance , for example , they ’ll go online , do research , and find a health insurance provider .
You need to position your insurance agency along their digital path .
How do you do this ?
Start by creating a professional , responsive website for your agency .
Optimize it accordingly .
Next , create a blog .
This is where you ’ll share your knowledge with prospective consumers .
If you ’re a health insurance agent , blog about what you think the consumer would want to know .
Blogging is good for search engine optimization .
Prospective clients are more likely to come across your blog before landing on your agency ’s website .
There are also other marketing methods you can deploy , depending on the types of insurance you ’re selling .
If you ’re selling Medicare , for instance , you will want to learn about the dos and don’ts of Medicare lead marketing .
5. Keep Building Your Network
Insurance is a referral - driven industry .
You go to a dealership to buy a car and once you ’re done , they refer you to a certain auto insurance company .
As an agent , there ’s a lot to learn from this .
You want to build a wide network to enhance your chances of getting referrals .
If you ’re selling auto insurance , make connections with auto dealerships and salespeople .
If you ’re selling life insurance , you want to connect with personal financial advisors and other industry professionals .
That ’s How to Sell Insurance – A Lot of Insurance
The business of selling insurance is n’t easy , but you can hack it .
Thousands of top - selling agents have hacked it before .
You can , too .
Follow our guide on how to sell insurance and you ’ll be on the front foot .
Keep reading our blog for more tips and insights .
every
Everybody is talking about the recent Bush conference and his idea that although the intelligence report that has been repressed for a year indicates that Iran halted its nuclear arms program in 2003 , Bush insists that this means that Iran is more of a threat than ever .
Yes , I know that he is practicing doublespeak , I know that this is further evidence that nothing that the president says can be believed , I know that his saber rattling is a frightening indication that he wants to start another war , blah blah blah .
I am dumbfounded that nobody is talking about this quote as compared to a story that was buried about a year ago .
The quote : Bush told a White House news conference .
iht.com Hello !?!?
Has everybody forgotten that Bush has already given the secrets of building an atomic bomb not only to Iran , but toevil empireI remember when this story first broke .
It 's lifespan in the news cycle lasted from Friday afternoon to a Saturday morning .
Supposedly the story was dropped because it was " unfair " and " too partisan " to run it because of the upcoming election .
A little over a year ago Bush put up a website that contained information that was captured in Iraq .
Amongst this treasure trove the administration accidently overlooked part of the information that contained
The website was called " Operation Iraqi Freedom Document Portal " , which is of course no longer online .
The damage is already done , however .
Every intelligence agency in the world is constantly watching the White House website like a hawk .
There can be no doubt that the nuclear secrets are now practically in the public domain .
Joe noted yesterday that Clinton ’s top donors are now fleeing to Obama .
There was a particular telling detail buried in the story , below – 70 of her top donors are now giving to Obama .
As Chris would say , TIMBERRRRRRRRR !
More than 70 top Clinton donors wrote their first checks to Obama in March , campaign records show .
Clinton ’s lead among superdelegates , a collection of almost 800 party leaders and elected officials , has slipped from 106 in December to 23 now , according to an Associated Press tally .
“ If you have any , any kind of loyalty to the Democratic Party , perhaps you need to rethink your strategy and bow out gracefully in order to save this party from a disastrous end in November , ” Rep. William Lacy Clay ( Mo. ) , an African American Obama supporter , said in an appeal to Clinton … .
There are signs that the anger voiced by some African Americans is beginning to extend to the Democratic donor base .
Campaign finance records released this week show that a growing number of Clinton ’s early supporters migrated to Obama in March , after he achieved 11 straight victories .
Of those who had previously made maximum contributions to Clinton , 73 wrote their first checks to Obama in March .
The reverse was not true :
Of those who had made large contributions to Obama last year , none wrote checks to Clinton in March .
Engadget recently posted a story about a flexible tactile display that can be wrapped around any part of the body and give haptic feedback to the user .
The research team from Korea ’s Sungkyunkwan University that developed the device are focusing on applications like Braille for the visually impaired or transmitting tactile data to a remote user , but this is just the beginning ; the applications for wearable haptic feedback are wide open .
The Feelspace tactile compass is a good example .
It is little more than an electronic compass hooked to array of vibrators arranged along a belt , but it allows the wearer to know which way is north at all times by pulsing only the northernmost vibrator .
It ’s intended to be worn at all times , so it creates a sort of directional sixth sense for the user without the need to constantly check a device .
If they are able to reduce the size of the housing unit and combine it with these new displays , it could be worn inconspicuously under clothes .
If you want more native superpowers , body modder [ Steve Haworth ] has a solution .
By implanting a silicone - coated neodymium magnet into the fingertip , the owner of the implant becomes capable of sensing magnetism with a degree of sensitivity unattainable by simply holding a magnet .
One person who had the magnet implanted reported feeling magnetic sensors at a library and feeling the location of a motor in an electric can opener six inches from his hand .
We ’re always curious about input fed to the body by worn or implanted devices , and with these advances , the notion of data and sensory integration is almost a palpable reality .
Pun intended , but can you blame us ?
[ via Engadget ]
A look at all things unexplained and paranormal .
This article originally appeared in The Freeman , September and October 1995 .
Money is a crucial command post of any economy , and therefore of any society .
Society rests upon a network of voluntary exchanges , also known as the “ free - market economy ” ; these exchanges imply a division of labor in society , in which producers of eggs , nails , horses , lumber , and immaterial services such as teaching , medical care , and concerts , exchange their goods for the goods of others .
At each step of the way , every participant in exchange benefits immeasurably , for if everyone were forced to be self - sufficient , those few who managed to survive would be reduced to a pitiful standard of living .
Direct exchange of goods and services , also known as “ barter , ” is hopelessly unproductive beyond the most primitive level , and indeed every “ primitive ” tribe soon found its way to the discovery of the tremendous benefits of arriving , on the market , at one particularly marketable commodity , one in general demand , to use as a “ medium ” of “ indirect exchange . ”
If a particular commodity is in widespread use as a medium in a society , then that general medium of exchange is called “ money . ”
The money - commodity becomes one term in every single one of the innumerable exchanges in the market economy .
I sell my services as a teacher for money ; I use that money to buy groceries , typewriters , or travel accommodations ; and these producers in turn use the money to pay their workers , to buy equipment and inventory , and pay rent for their buildings .
Hence the ever - present temptation for one or more groups to seize control of the vital money - supply function .
Many useful goods have been chosen as moneys in human societies .
Salt in Africa , sugar in the Caribbean , fish in colonial New England , tobacco in the colonial Chesapeake Bay region , cowrie shells , iron hoes , and many other commodities have been used as moneys .
Not only do these moneys serve as media of exchange ; they enable individuals and business firms to engage in the “ calculation ” necessary to any advanced economy .
Moneys are traded and reckoned in terms of a currency unit , almost always units of weight .
Tobacco , for example , was reckoned in pound weights .
Prices of other goods and services could be figured in terms of pounds of tobacco ; a certain horse might be worth 80 pounds on the market .
A business firm could then calculate its profit or loss for the previous month ; it could figure that its income for the past month was 1,000 pounds and its expenditures 800 pounds , netting it a 200 pound profit .
Gold or Government Paper Throughout history , two commodities have been able to outcompete all other goods and be chosen on the market as money – two precious metals , gold and silver ( with copper coming in when one of the other precious metals was not available ) .
Gold and silver abounded in what we can call “ moneyable ” qualities , qualities that rendered them superior to all other commodities .
They are in rare enough supply that their value will be stable , and of high value per unit weight ; hence pieces of gold or silver will be easily portable , and usable in day - to - day transactions ; they are rare enough too , so that there is little likelihood of sudden discoveries or increases in supply .
They are durable so that they can last virtually forever , and so they provide a safe “ store of value ” for the future .
And gold and silver are divisible , so that they can be divided into small pieces without losing their value ; unlike diamonds , for example , they are homogeneous , so that one ounce of gold will be of equal value to any other .
The universal and ancient use of gold and silver as moneys was pointed out by the first great monetary theorist , the eminent 14th - century French scholastic Jean Buridan , and then in all discussions of money down to money and banking textbooks until the Western governments abolished the gold standard in the early 1930s .
Franklin D. Roosevelt joined in this deed by taking the United States off gold in 1933 .
There is no aspect of the free - market economy that has suffered more scorn and contempt from “ modern ” economists , whether frankly statist Keynesians or allegedly “ free market ” Chicagoites , than has gold .
Gold , not long ago hailed as the basic staple and groundwork of any sound monetary system , is now regularly denounced as a “ fetish ” or , as in the case of Keynes , as a “ barbarous relic . ”
Well , gold is indeed a “ relic ” of barbarism in one sense ; no “ barbarian ” worth his salt would ever have accepted the phony paper and bank credit that we modern sophisticates have been bamboozled into using as money .
But “ gold bugs ” are not fetishists ; we do n’t fit the standard image of misers running their fingers through their hoard of gold coins while cackling in sinister fashion .
The great thing about gold is that it , and only it , is money supplied by the free market , by the people at work .
For the stark choice before us always is : gold ( or silver ) , or government .
Gold is market money , a commodity which must be supplied by being dug out of the ground and then processed ; but government , on the contrary , supplies virtually costless paper money or bank checks out of thin air .
We know , in the first place , that all government operation is wasteful , inefficient , and serves the bureaucrat rather than the consumer .
Would we prefer to have shoes produced by competitive private firms on the free market , or by a giant monopoly of the federal government ?
The function of supplying money could be handled no better by government .
But the situation in money is far worse than for shoes or any other commodity .
If the government produces shoes , at least they might be worn , even though they might be high - priced , fit badly , and not satisfy consumer wants .
Money is different from all other commodities : other things being equal , more shoes , or more discoveries of oil or copper benefit society , since they help alleviate natural scarcity .
But once a commodity is established as a money on the market , no more money at all is needed .
Since the only use of money is for exchange and reckoning , more dollars or pounds or marks in circulation cannot confer a social benefit : they will simply dilute the exchange value of every existing dollar or pound or mark .
So it is a great boon that gold or silver are scarce and are costly to increase in supply .
But if government manages to establish paper tickets or bank credit as money , as equivalent to gold grams or ounces , then the government , as dominant money - supplier , becomes free to create money costlessly and at will .
As a result , this “ inflation ” of the money supply destroys the value of the dollar or pound , drives up prices , cripples economic calculation , and hobbles and seriously damages the workings of the market economy .
The natural tendency of government , once in charge of money , is to inflate and to destroy the value of the currency .
To understand this truth , we must examine the nature of government and of the creation of money .
Throughout history , governments have been chronically short of revenue .
The reason should be clear : unlike you and me , governments do not produce useful goods and services that they can sell on the market ; governments , rather than producing and selling services , live parasitically off the market and off society .
Unlike every other person and institution in society , government obtains its revenue from coercion , from taxation .
In older and saner times , indeed , the king was able to obtain sufficient revenue from the products of his own private lands and forests , as well as through highway tolls .
For the State to achieve regularized , peacetime taxation was a struggle of centuries .
And even after taxation was established , the kings realized that they could not easily impose new taxes or higher rates on old levies ; if they did so , revolution was very apt to break out .
Controlling the Money Supply
If taxation is permanently short of the style of expenditures desired by the State , how can it make up the difference ?
By getting control of the money supply , or , to put it bluntly , by counterfeiting .
On the market economy , we can only obtain good money by selling a good or service in exchange for gold , or by receiving a gift ; the only other way to get money is to engage in the costly process of digging gold out of the ground .
The counterfeiter , on the other hand , is a thief who attempts to profit by forgery , e.g. , by painting a piece of brass to look like a gold coin .
If his counterfeit is detected immediately , he does no real harm , but to the extent his counterfeit goes undetected , the counterfeiter is able to steal not only from the producers whose goods he buys .
For the counterfeiter , by introducing fake money into the economy , is able to steal from everyone by robbing every person of the value of his currency .
By diluting the value of each ounce or dollar of genuine money , the counterfeiter ’s theft is more sinister and more truly subversive than that of the highwayman ; for he robs everyone in society , and the robbery is stealthy and hidden , so that the cause - and - effect relation is camouflaged .
Recently , we saw the scare headline : “ Iranian Government Tries to Destroy U.S. Economy by Counterfeiting $ 100 Bills . ”
Whether the ayatollahs had such grandiose goals in mind is dubious ; counterfeiters do n’t need a grand rationale for grabbing resources by printing money .
But all counterfeiting is indeed subversive and destructive , as well as inflationary .
But in that case , what are we to say when the government seizes control of the money supply , abolishes gold as money , and establishes its own printed tickets as the only money ?
In other words , what are we to say when the government becomes the legalized , monopoly counterfeiter ?
Not only has the counterfeit been detected , but the Grand Counterfeiter , in the United States the Federal Reserve System , instead of being reviled as a massive thief and destroyer , is hailed and celebrated as the wise manipulator and governor of our “ macroeconomy , ” the agency on which we rely for keeping us out of recessions and inflations , and which we count on to determine interest rates , capital prices , and employment .
Instead of being habitually pelted with tomatoes and rotten eggs , the chairman of the Federal Reserve Board , whoever he may be , whether the imposing Paul Volcker or the owlish Alan Greenspan , is universally hailed as Mr. Indispensable to the economic and financial system .
Indeed , the best way to penetrate the mysteries of the modern monetary and banking system is to realize that the government and its central bank act precisely as would a Grand Counterfeiter , with very similar social and economic effects .
Many years ago , the New Yorker magazine , in the days when its cartoons were still funny , published a cartoon of a group of counterfeiters looking eagerly at their printing press as the first $ 10 bill came rolling off the press .
“ Boy , ” said one of the team , “ retail spending in the neighborhood is sure in for a shot in the arm . ”
And it was .
As the counterfeiters print new money , spending goes up on whatever the counterfeiters wish to purchase : personal retail goods for themselves , as well as loans and other “ general welfare ” purposes in the case of the government .
But the resulting “ prosperity ” is phony ; all that happens is that more money bids away existing resources , so that prices rise .
Furthermore , the counterfeiters and the early recipients of the new money bid away resources from the poor suckers who are down at the end of the line to receive the new money , or who never even receive it at all .
New money injected into the economy has an inevitable ripple effect ; early receivers of the new money spend more and bid up prices , while later receivers or those on fixed incomes find the prices of the goods they must buy unaccountably rising , while their own incomes lag behind or remain the same .
Monetary inflation , in other words , not only raises prices and destroys the value of the currency unit ; it also acts as a giant system of expropriation of the late receivers by the counterfeiters themselves and by the other early receivers .
Monetary expansion is a massive scheme of hidden redistribution .
When the government is the counterfeiter , the counterfeiting process not only can be “ detected ” ; it proclaims itself openly as monetary statesmanship for the public weal .
Monetary expansion then becomes a giant scheme of hidden taxation , the tax falling on fixed income groups , on those groups remote from government spending and subsidy , and on thrifty savers who are nave enough and trusting enough to hold on to their money , to have faith in the value of the currency .
Spending and going into debt are encouraged ; thrift and hard work discouraged and penalized .
Not only that : the groups that benefit are the special interest groups who are politically close to the government and can exert pressure to have the new money spent on them so that their incomes can rise faster than the price inflation .
Government contractors , politically connected businesses , unions , and other pressure groups will benefit at the expense of the unaware and unorganized public .
We have already described one part of the contemporary flight from sound , free - market money to statized and inflated money : the abolition of the gold standard by Franklin Roosevelt in 1933 , and the substitution of fiat paper tickets by the Federal Reserve as our “ monetary standard . ”
Another crucial part of this process was the federal cartelization of the nation ’s banks through the creation of the Federal Reserve System in 1913 .
Banking is a particularly arcane part of the economic system ; one of the problems is that the word “ bank ” covers many different activities , with very different implications .
During the Renaissance era , the Medicis in Italy and the Fuggers in Germany , were “ bankers ” ; their banking , however , was not only private but also began at least as a legitimate , noninflationary , and highly productive activity .
Essentially , these were “ merchant - bankers , ” who started as prominent merchants .
In the course of their trade , the merchants began to extend credit to their customers , and in the case of these great banking families , the credit or “ banking ” part of their operations eventually overshadowed their mercantile activities .
These firms lent money out of their own profits and savings , and earned interest from the loans .
Hence , they were channels for the productive investment of their own savings .
To the extent that banks lend their own savings , or mobilize the savings of others , their activities are productive and unexceptionable .
Even in our current commercial banking system , if I buy a $ 10,000 CD ( “ certificate of deposit ” ) redeemable in six months , earning a certain fixed interest return , I am taking my savings and lending it to a bank , which in turn lends it out at a higher interest rate , the differential being the bank ’s earnings for the function of channeling savings into the hands of credit - worthy or productive borrowers .
There is no problem with this process .
The same is even true of the great “ investment banking ” houses , which developed as industrial capitalism flowered in the 19th century .
Investment bankers would take their own capital , or capital invested or loaned by others , to underwrite corporations gathering capital by selling securities to stockholders and creditors .
The problem with the investment bankers is that one of their major fields of investment was the underwriting of government bonds , which plunged them hip deep into politics , giving them a powerful incentive for pressuring and manipulating governments , so that taxes would be levied to pay off their and their clients ’ government bonds .
Hence , the powerful and baleful political influence of investment bankers in the 19th and 20th centuries : in particular , the Rothschilds in Western Europe , and Jay Cooke and the House of Morgan in the United States .
By the late 19th century , the Morgans took the lead in trying to pressure the US government to cartelize industries they were interested in – first railroads and then manufacturing : to protect these industries from the winds of free competition , and to use the power of government to enable these industries to restrict production and raise prices .
In particular , the investment bankers acted as a ginger group to work for the cartelization of commercial banks .
To some extent , commercial bankers lend out their own capital and money acquired by CDs .
But most commercial banking is “ deposit banking ” based on a gigantic scam : the idea , which most depositors believe , that their money is down at the bank , ready to be redeemed in cash at any time .
If Jim has a checking account of $ 1,000 at a local bank , Jim knows that this is a “ demand deposit , ” that is , that the bank pledges to pay him $ 1,000 in cash , on demand , anytime he wishes to “ get his money out . ”
Naturally , the Jims of this world are convinced that their money is safely there , in the bank , for them to take out at any time .
Hence , they think of their checking account as equivalent to a warehouse receipt .
If they put a chair in a warehouse before going on a trip , they expect to get the chair back whenever they present the receipt .
Unfortunately , while banks depend on the warehouse analogy , the depositors are systematically deluded .
Their money ai n’t there .
An honest warehouse makes sure that the goods entrusted to its care are there , in its storeroom or vault .
But banks operate very differently , at least since the days of such deposit banks as the Banks of Amsterdam and Hamburg in the 17th century , which indeed acted as warehouses and backed all of their receipts fully by the assets deposited , e.g. , gold and silver .
This honest deposit or “ giro ” banking is called “ 100 percent reserve ” banking .
Ever since , banks have habitually created warehouse receipts ( originally bank notes and now deposits ) out of thin air .
Essentially , they are counterfeiters of fake warehouse receipts to cash or standard money , which circulate as if they were genuine , fully backed notes or checking accounts .
Banks make money by literally creating money out of thin air , nowadays exclusively deposits rather than bank notes .
This sort of swindling or counterfeiting is dignified by the term “ fractional reserve banking , ” which means that bank deposits are backed by only a small fraction of the cash they promise to have at hand and redeem .
( Right now , in the United States , this minimum fraction is fixed by the Federal Reserve System at 10 percent . )
Fractional Reserve Banking
Let ’s see how the fractional - reserve process works , in the absence of a central bank .
I set up a Rothbard Bank , and invest $ 1,000 of cash ( whether gold or government paper does not matter here ) .
Then I “ lend out ” $ 10,000 to someone , either for consumer spending or to invest in his business .
How can I “ lend out ” far more than I have ?
Ahh , that ’s the magic of the “ fraction ” in the fractional reserve .
I simply open up a checking account of $ 10,000 which I am happy to lend to Mr. Jones .
Why does Jones borrow from me ?
Well , for one thing , I can charge a lower rate of interest than savers would .
I do n’t have to save up the money myself , but can simply counterfeit it out of thin air .
( In the 19th century , I would have been able to issue bank notes , but the Federal Reserve now monopolizes note issues . )
Since demand deposits at the Rothbard Bank function as equivalent to cash , the nation ’s money supply has just , by magic , increased by $ 10,000 .
The inflationary , counterfeiting process is under way .
The 19th - century English economist Thomas
Tooke correctly stated that “ free trade in banking is tantamount to free trade in swindling . ”
But under freedom , and without government support , there are some severe hitches in this counterfeiting process , or in what has been termed “ free banking . ”
First , why should anyone trust me ?
Why should anyone accept the checking deposits of the Rothbard Bank ?
But second , even if I were trusted , and I were able to con my way into the trust of the gullible , there is another severe problem , caused by the fact that the banking system is competitive , with free entry into the field .
After all , the Rothbard Bank is limited in its clientele .
After Jones borrows checking deposits from me , he is going to spend that money .
Why else pay for a loan ?
Sooner or later , the money he spends , whether for a vacation , or for expanding his business , will be spent on the goods or services of clients of some other bank , say the Rockwell Bank .
The Rockwell Bank is not particularly interested in holding checking accounts on my bank ; it wants reserves so that it can pyramid its own counterfeiting on top of cash reserves .
And so if , to make the case simple , the Rockwell Bank gets a $ 10,000 check on the Rothbard Bank , it is going to demand cash so that it can do some inflationary counterfeit pyramiding of its own .
But , I , of course , ca n’t pay the $ 10,000 , so I ’m finished .
Bankrupt .
Found out .
By rights , I should be in jail as an embezzler , but at least my phoney checking deposits and I are out of the game , and out of the money supply .
Hence , under free competition , and without government support and enforcement , there will only be limited scope for fractional - reserve counterfeiting .
Banks could form cartels to prop each other up , but generally cartels on the market do n’t work well without government enforcement , without the government cracking down on competitors who insist on busting the cartel , in this case , forcing competing banks to pay up .
Central Banking
Hence the drive by the bankers themselves to get the government to cartelize their industry by means of a central bank .
Central banking began with the Bank of England in the 1690s , spread to the rest of the Western world in the 18th and 19th centuries , and finally was imposed upon the United States by banking cartelists via the Federal Reserve System of 1913 .
Particularly enthusiastic about the central bank were the investment bankers , such as the Morgans , who pioneered the cartel idea , and who by this time had expanded into commercial banking .
In modern central banking , the central bank is granted the monopoly of the issue of bank notes ( originally written or printed warehouse receipts as opposed to the intangible receipts of bank deposits ) , which are now identical to the government ’s paper money and therefore the monetary “ standard ” in the country .
People want to use physical cash as well as bank deposits .
If , therefore , I wish to redeem $ 1,000 in cash from my checking bank , the bank has to go to the Federal Reserve , and draw down its own checking account with the Fed , “ buying ” $ 1,000 of Federal Reserve Notes ( the cash in the United States today ) from the Fed .
The Fed , in other words , acts as a bankers ’ bank .
Banks keep checking deposits at the Fed and these deposits constitute their reserves , on which they can and do pyramid ten times the amount in checkbook money .
Here ’s how the counterfeiting process works in today ’s world .
Let ’s say that the Federal Reserve , as usual , decides that it wants to expand ( i.e. , inflate ) the money supply .
The Federal Reserve decides to go into the market ( called the “ open market ” ) and purchase an asset .
It does n’t really matter what asset it buys ; the important point is that it writes out a check .
The Fed could , if it wanted to , buy any asset it wished , including corporate stocks , buildings , or foreign currency .
In practice , it almost always buys US government securities .
Let ’s assume that the Fed buys $ 10,000,000 of US Treasury bills from some “ approved ” government bond dealer ( a small group ) , say Shearson Lehman on Wall Street .
The Fed writes out a check for $ 10,000,000 , which it gives to Shearson Lehman in exchange for $ 10,000,000 in US securities .
Where does the Fed get the $ 10,000,000 to pay Shearson Lehman ?
It creates the money out of thin air .
Shearson Lehman can do only one thing with the check : deposit it in its checking account at a commercial bank , say Chase Manhattan .
The “ money supply ” of the country has already increased by $ 10,000,000 ; no one else ’s checking account has decreased at all .
There has been a net increase of $ 10,000,000 .
But this is only the beginning of the inflationary counterfeiting process .
For Chase Manhattan is delighted to get a check on the Fed , and rushes down to deposit it in its own checking account at the Fed , which now increases by $ 10,000,000 .
But this checking account constitutes the “ reserves ” of the banks , which have now increased across the nation by $ 10,000,000 .
But this means that Chase Manhattan can create deposits based on these reserves , and that , as checks and reserves seep out to other banks ( much as the Rothbard Bank deposits did ) , each one can add its inflationary mite , until the banking system as a whole has increased its demand deposits by $ 100,000,000 , ten times the original purchase of assets by the Fed .
The banking system is allowed to keep reserves amounting to 10 percent of its deposits , which means that the “ money multiplier ” – the amount of deposits the banks can expand on top of reserves – is 10 .
A purchase of assets of $ 10 million by the Fed has generated very quickly a tenfold ( $ 100,000,000 ) increase in the money supply of the banking system as a whole .
Interestingly , all economists agree on the mechanics of this process even though they of course disagree sharply on the moral or economic evaluation of that process .
But unfortunately , the general public , not inducted into the mysteries of banking , still persists in thinking that their money remains “ in the bank . ”
Thus , the Federal Reserve and other central banking systems act as giant government creators and enforcers of a banking cartel ; the Fed bails out banks in trouble , and it centralizes and coordinates the banking system so that all the banks , whether the Chase Manhattan , or the Rothbard or Rockwell banks , can inflate together .
Under free banking , one bank expanding beyond its fellows was in danger of imminent bankruptcy .
Now , under the Fed , all banks can expand together and proportionately .
“ Deposit Insurance ”
But even with the backing of the Fed , fractional reserve banking proved shaky , and so the New Deal , in 1933 , added the lie of “ bank deposit insurance , ” using the benign word “ insurance ” to mask an arrant hoax .
When the savings and loan system went down the tubes in the late 1980s , the “ deposit insurance ” of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation ( FSLIC ) was unmasked as sheer fraud .
The “ insurance ” was simply the smoke - and - mirrors term for the unbacked name of the federal government .
The poor taxpayers finally bailed out the S&Ls , but now we are left with the formerly sainted Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) for commercial banks , which is now increasingly seen to be shaky , since the FDIC itself has less than one percent of the huge number of deposits it “ insures . ”
The very idea of “ deposit insurance ” is a swindle ; how does one insure an institution ( fractional reserve banking ) that is inherently insolvent , and which will fall apart whenever the public finally understands the swindle ?
Suppose that , tomorrow , the American public suddenly became aware of the banking swindle , and went to the banks tomorrow morning , and , in unison , demanded cash .
What would happen ?
The banks would be instantly insolvent , since they could only muster 10 percent of the cash they owe their befuddled customers .
Neither would the enormous tax increase needed to bail everyone out be at all palatable .
No : the only thing the Fed could do – and this would be in their power – would be to print enough money to pay off all the bank depositors .
Unfortunately , in the present state of the banking system , the result would be an immediate plunge into the horrors of hyperinflation .
Let us suppose that total insured bank deposits are $ 1,600 billion .
Technically , in the case of a run on the banks , the Fed could exercise emergency powers and print $ 1,600 billion in cash to give to the FDIC to pay off the bank depositors .
The problem is that , emboldened at this massive bailout , the depositors would promptly redeposit the new $ 1,600 billion into the banks , increasing the total bank reserves by $ 1,600 billion , thus permitting an immediate expansion of the money supply by the banks by tenfold , increasing the total stock of bank money by $ 16 trillion .
Runaway inflation and total destruction of the currency would quickly follow .
To save our economy from destruction and from the eventual holocaust of runaway inflation , we the people must take the money - supply function back from the government .
Money is far too important to be left in the hands of bankers and of Establishment economists and financiers .
To accomplish this goal , money must be returned to the market economy , with all monetary functions performed within the structure of the rights of private property and of the free - market economy .
It might be thought that the mix of government and money is too far gone , too pervasive in the economic system , too inextricably bound up in the economy to be eliminated without economic destruction .
Conservatives are accustomed to denouncing the “ terrible simplifiers ” who wreck everything by imposing simplistic and unworkable schemes .
Our major problem , however , is precisely the opposite : mystification by the ruling elite of technocrats and intellectuals , who , whenever some public spokesman arises to call for large - scale tax cuts or deregulation , intone sarcastically about the dimwit masses who “ seek simple solutions for complex problems . ”
Well , in most cases , the solutions are indeed clear - cut and simple , but are deliberately obfuscated by people whom we might call “ terrible complicators . ”
In truth , taking back our money would be relatively simple and straightforward , much less difficult than the daunting task of denationalizing and decommunizing the Communist countries of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union .
Our goal may be summed up simply as the privatization of our monetary system , the separation of government from money and banking .
The central means to accomplish this task is also straightforward : the liquidation of the Federal Reserve System – the abolition of central banking .
How could the Federal Reserve System possibly be abolished ?
Elementary : simply repeal its federal charter , the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 .
Moreover , Federal Reserve obligations ( its notes and deposits ) were originally redeemable in gold on demand .
Since Franklin Roosevelt ’s monstrous actions in 1933 , “ dollars ” issued by the Federal Reserve , and deposits by the Fed and its member banks , have no longer been redeemable in gold .
Bank deposits are redeemable in Federal Reserve Notes , while Federal Reserve Notes are redeemable in nothing , or alternatively in other Federal Reserve Notes .
Yet , these notes are our money , our monetary “ standard , ” and all creditors are obliged to accept payment in these fiat notes , no matter how depreciated they might be .
In addition to cancelling the redemption of dollars into gold , Roosevelt in 1933 committed another criminal act : literally confiscating all gold and bullion held by Americans , exchanging them for arbitrarily valued “ dollars . ”
It is curious that , even though the Fed and the government establishment continually proclaim the obsolescence and worthlessness of gold as a monetary metal , the Fed ( as well as all other central banks ) clings to its gold for dear life .
Our confiscated gold is still owned by the Federal Reserve , which keeps it on deposit with the Treasury at Fort Knox and other gold depositaries .
Indeed , from 1933 until the 1970s , it continued to be illegal for any Americans to own monetary gold of any kind , whether coin or bullion or even in safe deposit boxes at home or abroad .
All these measures , supposedly drafted for the Depression emergency , have continued as part of the great heritage of the New Deal ever since .
For four decades , any gold flowing into private American hands had to be deposited in the banks , which in turn had to deposit it at the Fed .
Gold for “ legitimate ” nonmonetary purposes , such as dental fillings , industrial drills , or jewelry , was carefully rationed for such purposes by the Treasury Department .
Fortunately , due to the heroic efforts of Congressman Ron Paul it is now legal for Americans to own gold , whether coin or bullion .
But the ill - gotten gold confiscated and sequestered by the Fed remains in Federal Reserve hands .
How to get the gold out from the Fed ?
How to privatize the Fed ’s stock of gold ?
Privatizing Federal Gold
The answer is revealed by the fact that the Fed , which had promised to redeem its liabilities in gold , has been in default of that promise since Roosevelt ’s repudiation of the gold standard in 1933 .
The Federal Reserve System , being in default , should be liquidated , and the way to liquidate it is the way any insolvent business firm is liquidated : its assets are parceled out , pro rata , to its creditors .
The Federal Reserve ’s gold assets are listed , as of October 30 , 1991 , at $ 11.1 billion .
The Federal Reserve ’s liabilities as of that date consist of $ 295.5 billion in Federal Reserve Notes in circulation , and $ 24.4 billion in deposits owed to member banks of the Federal Reserve System , for a total of $ 319.9 billion .
Of the assets of the Fed , other than gold , the bulk are securities of the US government , which amounted to $ 262.5 billion .
These should be written off posthaste , since they are worse than an accounting fiction : the taxpayers are forced to pay interest and principle on debt that the Federal Government owes to its own creature , the Federal Reserve .
The largest remaining asset is Treasury currency , $ 21.0 billion , which should also be written off , plus $ 10 billion in SDRs , which are mere paper creatures of international central banks , and which should be abolished as well .
We are left ( apart from various buildings and fixtures and other assets owned by the Fed , and amounting to some $ 35 billion ) with $ 11.1 billion of assets needed to pay off liabilities totalling $ 319.9 billion .
Fortunately , the situation is not as dire as it seems , for the $ 11.1 billion of Fed gold is a purely phoney evaluation ; indeed it is one of the most bizarre aspects of our fraudulent monetary system .
The Fed ’s gold stock consists of 262.9 million ounces of gold ; the dollar valuation of $ 11.1 billion is the result of the government ’s artificially evaluating its own stock of gold at $ 42.22 an ounce .
Since the market price of gold is now about $ 350 an ounce , this already presents a glaring anomaly in the system .
Definitions and Debasement
Where did the $ 42.22 come from ?
The essence of a gold standard is that the monetary unit ( the “ dollar , ” “ franc , ” “ mark , ” etc. ) is defined as a certain weight of gold .
Under the gold standard , the dollar or franc is not a thing in itself , a mere name or the name of a paper ticket issued by the State or a central bank ; it is the name of a unit of weight of gold .
It is every bit as much a unit of weight as the more general “ ounce , ” “ grain , ” or “ gram . ”
For a century before 1933 , the “ dollar ” was defined as being equal to 23.22 grains of gold ; since there are 480 grains to the ounce , this meant that the dollar was also defined as .048 gold ounces .
Put another way , the gold ounce was defined as equal to $ 20.67 .
In addition to taking us off the gold standard domestically , Franklin Roosevelt ’s New Deal “ debased ” the dollar by redefining it , or “ lightening its weight , ” as equal to 13.714 grains of gold , which also defined the gold ounce as equal to $ 35 .
The dollar was still redeemable in gold to foreign central banks and governments at the lighter $ 35 weight ; so that the United States stayed on a hybrid form of international gold standard until August 1971 , when President Nixon completed the job of scuttling the gold standard altogether .
Since 1971 , the United States has been on a totally fiat - paper standard ; not coincidentally , it has suffered an unprecedented degree of peace - time inflation since that date .
Since 1971 , the dollar has no longer been tied to gold at a fixed weight , and so it has become a commodity separate from gold , free to fluctuate on world markets .
When the dollar and gold were set loose from each other , we saw the closest thing to a laboratory experiment we can get in human affairs .
All Establishment economists – from Keynesians to Chicagoite monetarists – insisted that gold had long lost its value as a money , that gold had only reached its exalted value of $ 35 an ounce because its value was “ fixed ” at that amount by the government .
The dollar allegedly conferred value upon gold rather than the other way round , and if gold and the dollar were ever cut loose , we would see the price of gold sink rapidly to its estimated nonmonetary value ( for jewelry , dental fillings , etc. ) of approximately $ 6 an ounce .
In contrast to this unanimous Establishment prediction , the followers of Ludwig von Mises and other “ gold bugs ” insisted that gold was undervalued at 35 debased dollars , and claimed that the price of gold would rise far higher , perhaps as high as $ 70 .
Suffice it to say that the gold price never fell below $ 35 , and in fact vaulted upward , at one point reaching $ 850 an ounce , in recent years settling at somewhere around $ 350 an ounce .
And yet since 1973 , the Treasury and Fed have persistently evaluated their gold stock , not at the old and obsolete $ 35 , to be sure , but only slightly higher , at $ 42.22 an ounce .
In other words , if the US government only made the simple adjustment that accounting requires of everyone – evaluating one ’s assets at their market price – the value of the Fed ’s gold stock would immediately rise from $ 11.1 to $ 92.0 billion .
From 1933 to 1971 , the once very large but later dwindling number of economists championing a return to the gold standard mainly urged a return to $ 35 an ounce .
Mises and his followers advocated a higher gold “ price , ” inasmuch as the $ 35 rate no longer applied to Americans .
But the majority did have a point : that any measure or definition , once adopted , should be adhered to from then on .
But since 1971 , with the death of the once - sacred $ 35 an ounce , all bets are off .
While definitions once adopted should be maintained permanently , there is nothing sacred about any initial definition , which should be selected at its most useful point .
If we wish to restore the gold standard , we are free to select whatever definition of the dollar is most useful ; there are no longer any obligations to the obsolete definitions of $ 20.67 or $ 35 an ounce .
Abolishing the Fed In particular , if we wish to liquidate the Federal Reserve System , we can select a new definition of the “ dollar ” sufficient to pay off all Federal Reserve liabilities at 100 cents to the dollar .
In the case of our example above , we can now redefine “ the dollar ” as equivalent to 0.394 grains of gold , or as 1 ounce of gold equalling $ 1,217 .
With such redefinition , the entire Federal Reserve stock of gold could be minted by the Treasury into gold coins that would replace the Federal Reserve Notes in circulation , and also constitute gold coin reserves of $ 24.4 billion at the various commercial banks .
The Federal Reserve System would be abolished , gold coins would now be in circulation replacing Federal Reserve Notes , gold would be the circulating medium , and gold dollars the unit of account and reckoning , at the new rate of $ 1,217 per ounce .
Two great desiderata – the return of the gold standard , and the abolition of the Federal Reserve – would both be accomplished at one stroke .
A corollary step , of course , would be the abolition of the already bankrupt Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
The very concept of “ deposit insurance ” is fraudulent ; how can you “ insure ” an entire industry that is inherently insolvent ?
It would be like insuring the Titanic after it hit the iceberg .
Some free - market economists advocate “ privatizing ” deposit insurance by encouraging private firms , or the banks themselves , to “ insure ” each others ’ deposits .
But that would return us to the unsavory days of Florentine bank cartels , in which every bank tried to shore up each other ’s liabilities .
It wo n’t work ; let us not forget that the first S&Ls to collapse in the 1980s were those in Ohio and in Maryland , which enjoyed the dubious benefits of “ private ” deposit insurance .
This issue points up an important error often made by libertarians and free - market economists who believe that all government activities should be privatized ; or as a corollary , hold that any actions , so long as they are private , are legitimate .
But , on the contrary , activities such as fraud , embezzlement , or counterfeiting should not be “ privatized ” ; they should be abolished .
This would leave the commercial banks still in a state of fractional reserve , and , in the past , I have advocated going straight to 100 percent , nonfraudulent banking by raising the gold price enough to constitute 100 percent of bank demand liabilities .
After that , of course , 100 percent banking would be legally required .
At current estimates , establishing 100 percent to all commercial bank demand deposit accounts would require going back to gold at $ 2,000 an ounce ; to include all checkable deposits would require establishing gold at $ 3,350 an ounce , and to establish 100 percent banking for all checking and savings deposits ( which are treated by everyone as redeemable on demand ) would require a gold standard at $ 7,500 an ounce .
But there are problems with such a solution .
A minor problem is that the higher the newly established gold value over the current market price , the greater the consequent increase in gold production .
This increase would cause an admittedly modest and one shot price inflation .
A more important problem is the moral one : do banks deserve what amounts to a free gift , in which the Fed , before liquidating , would bring every bank ’s gold assets high enough to be 100 percent of its liabilities ?
Clearly , the banks scarcely deserve such benign treatment , even in the name of smoothing the transition to sound money ; bankers should consider themselves lucky they are not tried for embezzlement .
Furthermore , it would be difficult to enforce and police 100 percent banking on an administrative basis .
It would be easier , and more libertarian , to go through the courts .
Before the Civil War , the notes of unsound fractional reserve banks in the United States , if geographically far from home base , were bought up at a discount by professional “ money brokers , ” who would then travel to the banks ’ home base and demand massive redemption of these notes in gold .
The same could be done today , and more efficiently , using advanced electronic technology , as professional money brokers try to make profits by detecting unsound banks and bringing them to heel .
A particular favorite of mine is the concept of ideological antibank vigilante leagues , who would keep tabs on banks , spot the errant ones , and go on television to proclaim that banks are unsound , and urge note and deposit holders to call upon them for redemption without delay .
If the vigilante leagues could whip up hysteria and consequent bank runs , in which noteholders and depositors scramble to get their money out before the bank goes under , then so much the better : for then , the people themselves , and not simply the government , would ride herd on fractional reserve banks .
The important point , it must be emphasized , is that at the very first sign of a bank ’s failing to redeem its notes or deposits on demand , the police and courts must put them out of business .
Instant justice , period , with no mercy and no bailouts .
Under such a regime , it should not take long for the banks to go under , or else to contract their notes and deposits until they are down to 100 percent banking .
Such monetary deflation , while leading to various adjustments , would be clearly one - shot , and would obviously have to stop permanently when the total of bank liabilities contracted down to 100 percent of gold assets .
One crucial difference between inflation and deflation , is that inflation can escalate up to an infinity of money supply and prices , whereas the money supply can only deflate as far as the total amount of standard money , under the gold standard the supply of gold money .
Gold constitutes an absolute floor against further deflation .
If this proposal seems harsh on the banks , we have to realize that the banking system is headed for a mighty crash in any case .
As a result of the S&L collapse , the terribly shaky nature of our banking system is at last being realized .
People are openly talking of the FDIC being insolvent , and of the entire banking structure crashing to the ground .
And if the people ever get to realize this in their bones , they will precipitate a mighty “ bank run ” by trying to get their money out of the banks and into their own pockets .
And the banks would then come tumbling down , because the people ’s money is n’t there .
The only thing that could save the banks in such a mighty bank run is if the Federal Reserve prints the $ 1.6 trillion in cash and gives it to the banks – igniting an immediate and devastating runaway inflation and destruction of the dollar .
Left - liberals are fond of blaming our economic crisis on the “ greed of the 1980s . ”
And yet “ greed ” was no more intense in the 1980s than it was in the 1970s or previous decades or than it will be in the future .
What happened in the 1980s was a virulent episode of government deficits and of Federal Reserve–inspired credit expansion by the banks .
As the Fed purchased assets and pumped in reserves to the banking system , the banks happily multiplied bank credit and created new money on top of those reserves .
There has been a lot of focus on poor - quality bank loans : on loans to bankrupt Third World countries or to bloated and , in retrospect , unsound real estate schemes and shopping malls in the middle of nowhere .
But poor quality loans and investments are always the consequence of central banking and bank - credit expansion .
The all - too - familiar cycle of boom and bust , euphoria and crash , prosperity and depression , did not begin in the 1980s .
Nor is it a creature of civilization or the market economy .
The boom - bust cycle began in the 18th century with the beginnings of central banking , and has spread and intensified ever since , as central banking spread and took control of the economic systems of the Western world .
Only the abolition of the Federal Reserve System and a return to the gold standard can put an end to cyclical booms and busts , and finally eliminate chronic and accelerating inflation .
Inflation , credit expansion , business cycles , heavy government debt , and high taxes are not , as Establishment historians claim , inevitable attributes of capitalism or of “ modernization . ”
On the contrary , these are profoundly anticapitalist and parasitic excrescences grafted onto the system by the interventionist State , which rewards its banker and insider clients with hidden special privileges at the expense of everyone else .
Crucial to free enterprise and capitalism is a system of firm rights of private property , with everyone secure in the property that he earns .
Also crucial to capitalism is an ethic that encourages and rewards savings , thrift , hard work , and productive enterprise , and that discourages profligacy and cracks down sternly on any invasion of property rights .
And yet , as we have seen , cheap money and credit expansion gnaw away at those rights and at those virtues .
Inflation overturns and transvalues values by rewarding the spendthrift and the inside fixer and by making a mockery of the older “ Victorian ” virtues .
Restoring the Old Republic
The restoration of American liberty and of the Old Republic is a multifaceted task .
It requires excising the cancer of the Leviathan State from our midst .
It requires removing Washington , DC as the power center of the country .
It requires restoring the ethics and virtues of the 19th century , the taking back of our culture from nihilism and victimology , and restoring that culture to health and sanity .
In the long run , politics , culture , and the economy are indivisible .
The restoration of the Old Republic requires an economic system built solidly on the inviolable rights of private property , on the right of every person to keep what he earns , and to exchange the products of his labor .
To accomplish that task , we must once again have money that is produced on the market , that is gold rather than paper , with the monetary unit a weight of gold rather than the name of a paper ticket issued ad lib by the government .
We must have investment determined by voluntary savings on the market , and not by counterfeit money and credit issued by a knavish and State - privileged banking system .
In short , we must abolish central banking , and force the banks to meet their obligations as promptly as anyone else .
Money and banking have been made to appear as mysterious and arcane processes that must be guided and operated by a technocratic elite .
They are nothing of the sort .
In money , even more than the rest of our affairs , we have been tricked by a malignant Wizard of Oz .
In money , as in other areas of our lives , restoring common sense and the Old Republic go hand in hand .
The Best of Murray N. Rothbard
Popular Mechanics has an article on the results of a study of airline accidents in the last 36 years and came up with the following : it is safest to sit in back .
Amazingly the survivability rate is almost 70 % in the rear compared to 50 % up front .
I guess there is some advantage to being in steerage ...
For more tips on how to survive a plane crash , read this .
I was watching the 1966 classic film , A Man For All Seasons , about the Thomas Moore ’s principled stance in opposition to Henry VIII ’s grab for power .
Ultimately , Moore is found guilty of treason , and in the final scene , after giving his executioner the customary tip for a clean blow , tells him , ‘ do n’t worry , you are sending me to God ’ .
Considering the fear of death is one of the greatest anxieties for a conscious being , what a fabulous delusion !
Clearly , biases can be helpful if looked at in a broader context , in this case , the belief in God is not evaluated based on evidence of God ’s existence , but rather , the effect it has on the believer .
One particular area where the cognitive bias of overconfidence can be helpful is in entrepreneurship or investing .
Keynes hypothesized in The General Theory that if " spontaneous optimism falters , leaving us to depend on nothing but a mathematical expectation , enterprise will fade and die " .
Indeed , if you look at the data on stock picking , or investing with professionals , it is a puzzle why people do n’t merely all use passive indices because their average alpha is negative , and further , the average returns to highly undiversified C- corps or partnerships , seems woefully insufficient to justify their significant volatility
But over - confidence of entrepreneurs is helpful because it offsets the underestimation in other benefits of investing or entrepreneurship .
Basically , the totally rational investor wo n’t count what he can’t quantify , but much of the value in investing , or entrepreneurship , comes from an option value that is impossible to quantify .
I know someone who built a product based on an optimization routine for superior investment strategy — the flagship idea failed , it never had a chance , but his system is now a popular risk management tool .
I know someone else who created a system to consolidate earnings expectations in order to beat the market — it too failed , but his database of earning expectations was put together thoughtfully , and it became successful platform for disseminating this data .
Actions affect one ’s knowledge , reputation , and contacts in ways extremely difficult to quantify , because you can’t really define the probability state space .
But the idea is simple , that people often get into some field to find gold , but then make their fortune selling shovels .
Investing for most people is irrational , in that regular retail investors and professionals do n’t outperform the indices , trade too much and are too undiversified ( transaction costs merely lower one ’s returns , on average ) .
In sum , their Sharpe ratios would be much higher if they bought index funds as John Bogle , Burton Malkiel , or Eugene Fama recommend , and presumably we all want higher Sharpe ratios .
But think of the payoff to investing not merely the return from the investment , but rather , conditional upon success , access to a career in finance .
One can ( must ? ) parlay a successful call into a career as a broker , investment adviser , or some middle management position in finance ( see this Bloomberg article touting the expertise of recent ‘ winners ’ ) .
Some initial filter , however imperfect , is needed by those who use financial professionals .
An individual taking risk in this context suggests they had private cues indicating they were better than average , because risk - taking is costly , and though highly noisy , successful investments are better indicators than losers .
Further , the act of investing can illuminate some parochial services where one does have an edge , and our specialized economy is based on a myriad of activities that are generally unknown until you get your hands dirty as a practitioner .
Sharpe ratios ignore this bigger picture , and the fact that millions of people work in finance , and many are very well paid , suggest this option value is nontrivial .
Successful strategies are based a kluge of assumptions , and the key is you are evaluating an assumption not in its effect on one act , but rather as part of a meta- strategy , as a general disposition that affects many acts , and every act has ripple effects on one ’s life .
Instead of evaluating assumption X on Y by looking at X and Y , you instead look at the effect of holding belief X on the person believing X . I suspect every novice investor is somewhat overconfident , and too many people invest recklessly ( ‘ gamblers ’ , Buffet derisively calls them ) .
But there is a method to the madness , because the illogic of overconfident investing offsets the general underappreciation of the option - value of investing on one ’s career , where you can provide a variety of auxiliary services in finance , and risk - taking is part of the application process .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
You have attempted to make a contribution to a fundraising page that has no active recipients : either the page 's owner has removed all committees or organizations from the page , or we have concluded processing contributions for these committees or organizations .
If you have any questions , please contact us and we 'll do our best to help .
Xie Guoli , a senior agriculture ministry official , said that it was government policy to encourage business to " go out " but planners were still discussing whether it was in China 's best interests for farming companies to be among them .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Weak U.S. retail sales and a rise in producer prices to their highest annual rate in 27 years provided further evidence of “ stagflation ” in the world ’s largest economy on Tuesday .
Chevrolet Uplander minivans are seen at a dealership in Silver Spring , Maryland , July 1 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Yuri Gripas
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke reinforced the troubled outlook , saying the economy faced significant downside risks , even though the Fed -- the U.S. central bank -- raised its forecast for growth as well as for inflation this year .
U.S. retail sales rose a less - than - expected 0.1 percent in June , as auto sales posted their biggest drop in more than two years , government data showed , leading investors to lower bets that the Fed would raise benchmark interest rates this year .
Also on Tuesday , General Motors Corp said it would cut labor costs , sell assets and borrow at least $ 2 billion to bolster finances in the face of plummeting sales .
The U.S. Labor Department said producer prices over the last 12 months jumped 9.2 percent , the biggest increase since a 10.4 percent gain in June 1981 when the United States was last mired in a stagflationary period of low growth and high inflation .
“ The PPI number is just outrageous , ” said T.J. Marta , fixed - income strategist at RBC Capital Markets in New York .
On Wall Street , U.S. stocks fell on persistent worries about the health of the financial system , while oil prices dropped on concerns about the U.S. economy .
The U.S. dollar fell against a broad basket of currencies but managed to recover from a record low against the euro seen overnight .
U.S. government bonds , which generally benefit in times of economic weakness , rose as investors pared their bets on the possibility of Fed interest rate hikes this year .
The Fed ’s rosier growth projection gave cold comfort to investors hit by the recent downturn in the stock market and consumers facing soaring energy prices and higher joblessness .
Economists shrugged off the Fed ’s forecast and focused on Bernanke ’s assessment of the economy , which is struggling with a deep housing downturn , financial markets turmoil and a high degree of uncertainty over inflation and growth .
“ SIGNIFICANT ” RISKS
In remarks to the U.S. Senate Banking Committee , Bernanke focused on stress in financial markets .
He also said the possibility of higher energy prices , tighter credit and a deeper contraction in housing markets were “ significant downside risks ” to the growth outlook .
He also said the risks of higher inflation had intensified on the back of rising prices of energy and other commodities , but analysts zeroed in on the weak growth prospects .
“ There seems to be more emphasis on the concerns for the economy rather than on inflation , ” said Kevin Flanagan , fixed income strategist for global wealth management with Morgan Stanley in Purchase , New York .
“ These are all signs the Fed has no room to raise rates any time over the near term . ”
The Fed raised its projection for growth in 2008 to a range of 1.0 to 1.6 percent from a 0.3 to 1.2 percent range seen in April , on expectations for stronger consumer spending .
San Francisco Fed President Janet Yellen said the intense wave of U.S. home foreclosures risked triggering a cycle of decline in some communities , and the Fed viewed this as an urgent problem .
U.S. President George W. Bush said the economy was expanding but “ not growing the way it should . ”
“ I ’m not an economist , but I do believe that we ’re growing , ” Bush said at a news conference .
A regional manufacturing survey showed factory activity in New York contracted for the fifth time in six months and data in the report suggested producers were passing on higher prices to consumers , which could add further fuel to inflation .
CHECKS ALREADY CASHED
Economists had expected government tax rebate checks to boost June retail sales more , despite the weak economy , but much of that seems to have been reflected in May ’s gains .
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast total retail sales to rise 0.4 percent in June after a 0.8 percent gain in May that was initially reported as a 1.0 percent rise .
Excluding autos , retail sales rose 0.8 percent , also below the pre-report consensus of 1.0 percent .
Excluding autos , building supplies and gasoline , retail sales rose 0.4 percent .
U.S. producer prices rose a far larger - than - expected 1.8 percent on the month in June as energy costs soared .
If there was any good news , it was that core prices at the producer level , excluding food and energy , edged up just 0.2 percent .
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - U.S. auto sales fell 14 percent to their lowest annual rate in a decade in April as weak consumer confidence and rising gas prices hit the industry ’s most profitable vehicles hardest .
General Motors Vice President of Global Design Ed Welburn ( L ) and General Manager Jim Taylor ( C ) listen as Vice Chairman Bob Lutz invites the audience on to the stage for a closer look at the vehicles during press days of the 2008 North American International Auto Show in Detroit , Michigan , January 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
General Motors Corp , Ford Motor Co and Chrysler LLC posted deeper sales declines than expected , led by a sharp drop in trucks and SUVs .
GM sales fell 23 percent , Ford 19 percent , and Chrysler nearly 30 percent , the automakers said on Thursday .
Asian competitors also struggled , with Toyota Motor Corp posting a 5 percent decline , and Nissan Motor Co sales dropping almost 2 percent .
Auto sales represent one of the first monthly snapshots of U.S. consumer demand , and investors have looked to the reports for evidence of whether the U.S. economy has slipped further toward recession since the start of the year .
The returns were bleak .
“ Almost no one buys new vehicles because they have to , they want to .
And in order to want to they have to feel good about their future , ” said Erich Merkle , director of forecasting for consulting firm IRN Inc .
“ That ’s just not the case today . ”
Overall U.S. sales fell to about 14.4 million units on an annualized and seasonally adjusted basis in April , marking the worst result for the industry since August 1998 , according to Autodata Corp .
Of equal concern to automakers , buyers defected from high - margin trucks and SUVs to cheaper and more fuel - efficient cars more rapidly than expected due to high gasoline prices .
Cars accounted for 53 percent of sales in April with light trucks near 47 percent , a nearly complete reversal of the share of the categories a year earlier , according to Autodata .
The market shift toward cars has favored Japanese automakers with more established small car offerings .
By contrast , the trend has pummeled the truck - heavy lineups of Detroit - based automakers with the average price of regular unleaded gasoline punching above $ 3.62 per gallon on Thursday , a record high , according to AAA .
The three Detroit - based automakers had just a 48 percent share of the world ’s largest vehicle market in April , down 5 percentage points from a year earlier .
But even Toyota , now the world ’s largest automaker and No. 2 in the U.S. market , faced pressure in April as a decline in its truck sales more than offset gains for small cars like the Yaris and the Prius hybrid .
EXPECTATIONS UNDER PRESSURE
In recent weeks , all major automakers have scaled back expectations for 2008 U.S. auto industry sales .
“ They are doing OK relatively speaking with their cars and crossovers , but that is not going to really help their bottom line since they tend to make the majority of their profits from SUVs and trucks still , ” Jesse Toprak , an analyst at industry tracking firm Edmunds.com , said of the U.S. carmakers .
Toprak said he does not expect a dramatic change in consumer - buying patterns for the rest of the year given the overhang of high gas prices and weak consumer confidence .
First - quarter U.S. auto sales fell to a 15.2 million annual rate , and both Ford and GM said they now expect the current quarter to mark the trough of the downturn .
Toyota expects sales in the low 15 - million unit range for 2008 as a whole , down from 16.1 million a year earlier and its own forecast for an almost - flat year for the industry .
Automakers sold about 1.25 million vehicles in April , down almost 14 percent after adjusting for two additional sales days last month compared with a year earlier and seasonal factors .
Results for the major automakers were reported on that basis , the measure favored by Wall Street analysts .
Honda Motor Co Ltd delayed full sales results due to a technical problem , but said April sales rose about 6 percent before adjustment .
Automakers have held out hope that a U.S. fiscal stimulus and interest rate cuts would support auto sales in the second half of the year .
GM still expects a second - half recovery , but probably less robust than it thought at the start of 2008 .
The automaker also is fighting through a strike at parts maker American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings
Inc that has cut deeply into production of SUVs and trucks .
Overall , automakers increased their sales incentives by about 2 percent in April from a year earlier to an average of $ 2,449 per vehicle , according to Edmunds .
That figure is heavily weighted toward large trucks .
Year - over - year , incentives at Chrysler and Nissan declined , Ford ’s rose slightly , and GM , Honda and Toyota were up , according to Edmunds .
The survey showed that of the 13 counties where people spent 13 percent or more of their family income on gasoline , 5 were located in Mississippi , 4 were in Alabama , 3 were in Kentucky and 1 was in West Virginia .
While people here in Holmes County spent an average of 15.6 percent of their income on gasoline , people in Nassau County , N.Y. , spent barely more than 2 percent , according to the survey .
Economists say that despite widespread concern about gasoline prices , the nationwide impact of the oil crisis has so far been gentler than during the oil crises of the 1970s and 1980s , when shortages caused long lines at the pump , set off inflation and drove the economy into recession .
Americans on average now spend about 4 percent of their after - tax income on transportation fuels , according to Brian A. Bethune , an economist at Global Insight , a forecasting firm .
That compares with 4.5 percent in early 1981 , the highest point since World War II .
At its lowest point , in 1998 , that share dropped to 1.9 percent .
“ Gas prices have doubled over the last year but the economy has not fallen off the cliff , ” said Rajeev Dhawan , director of the Economic Forecasting Center at Georgia State University .
“ But for the rural lower income people , as a proportion of their income the rise of gas prices is very high . ”
While people everywhere are talking about gasoline prices these days , some folks in Tchula ( the T is silent ) have gone beyond talking .
Anthony Clark , a farm worker from Tchula , says he prays every night for lower gasoline prices .
He recently decided not to fix his broken 1992 Chevrolet Astro van because he could not afford the fuel .
Now he hires friends and family members to drive him around to buy food and medicine for his diabetic aunt , and his boss sends a van to pick him up for the 10 - mile commute to work .
Tila Tequila - MySpace Friend to 1.7 Million Fans ( Pictures )
is her real name but if you watch MTV you might know her as Tila Tequila .
Her new bi-sexual themed dating show pits 16 straight men and 16 lesbian women against each other as they compete for the stars affections .
Born in Singapore , her family immigrated to New York when she was a child .
She was discovered by a Playboy scout at a shopping mall when she was 18 .
She was offered a photo shoot and eventually moved to Southern California .
Nguyen made an appearance on the NBC game show " Identity " in April of this year .
Her hidden identity was that she has over one million MySpace friends .
In fact , that number is now 1,771,920 .
She has also been featured in Maxim magazine , and has been a frequent host of Fuse TV 's dance show " Pants - Off Dance - Off " where contestants strip to music videos .
Her new MTV show " A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila " premiered in October and will be a ten episode series .
She also has a website called Tina 's Hot Spot and a site called Tila Zone which contains layouts , widgets and clipart for use on MySpace and other social networking websites .
A woman of many talents , she has also independently released her first music single , " I Love U " through i-Tunes earlier this year .
The song made it to the top of the i-Tunes charts within 24 hours .
She shot a music video of the song that is the number one most downloaded video on i-Tunes .
Not bad for self promotion .
The New York Post " Page Six " claims that Nyuyen is not bi-sexual .
According to a close source of the new TV show , she is as straight as an arrow and has been in a committed relationship with her boyfriend for five years .
That same source says that she is a Diva who arrives late and shuns cast and crew .
Whether she is bi or just a consummate actress - she 's wildly popular and her projects appear to be clicking on all cylinders .
We 've included picture below .
Click each thumbnail photo for a better view .
A new patents pending solar energy system will soon make it possible to produce electricity at a wholesale cost of 5 cents per kWh ( kilowatt hour ) .
This price is competitive with the wholesale cost of producing electricity using fossil fuels and a fraction of the current cost of solar energy .
XCPV ( Xtreme Concentrated Photovoltaics ) , a system that concentrates the equivalent of more than 1,600 times the sun 's energy onto the world 's most efficient solar cells , was announced today by SUNRGI , a solar energy system designer and developer , at the National Energy Marketers Association 's 11th Annual Global Energy Forum in Washington , DC .
The technology will enable power companies , businesses , and residents to produce electricity from solar energy at a lower cost than ever before .
" Solar Power at 5 cents per kWh would be a world - changing breakthrough , " said Craig Goodman , president , National Energy Marketers Association .
" It would make solar generation of electricity as affordable as generation from coal , natural gas or other non-renewable sources , without requiring a subsidy . "
" In a little more than a year we were able to develop and successfully test XCPV , " said Robert S. ( Bob ) Block , co-founder and SUNRGI principal .
" We expect the SUNRGI system to become available for both on - and off - grid power applications , worldwide , in twelve to fifteen months . "
In 1996 I received what was - and probably remains - the most exciting telephone call I have ever had .
It was from a man calling himself Tony .
" I 'm phoning on behalf of Stanley Kubrick , " he said .
" I 'm sorry ? " I said .
" Stanley would like you to send him a radio documentary you made called Hotel Auschwitz , " said this man .
This was a programme for Radio 4 about the marketing of the concentration camp .
" Stanley Kubrick ? " I said .
" Let me give you the address , " said the man .
He sounded posh .
It seemed that he did n't want to say any more about this than he had to .
I sent the tape to a PO box in St Albans and waited .
What might happen next ?
Whatever it was , it was going to be amazing .
My mind started going crazy .
Perhaps Kubrick would ask me to collaborate on something .
( Oddly , in this daydream , I reluctantly turned him down because I did n't think I 'd make a good screenwriter . )
At the time I received that telephone call , nine years had passed since Kubrick 's last film , Full Metal Jacket .
All anyone outside his circle knew about him was that he was living in a vast country house somewhere near St Albans - or a " secret lair " , according to a Sunday Times article of that year - behaving presumably like some kind of mad hermit genius .
Nobody even knew what he looked like .
It had been 16 years since a photograph of him had been published .
He 'd gone from making a film a year in the 1950s ( including the brilliant , horrific Paths Of Glory ) , to a film every couple of years in the 1960s ( Lolita , Dr Strangelove and 2001 : A Space Odyssey all came out within a six - year period ) , to two films a decade in the 1970s and 1980s ( there had been a seven - year gap between The Shining and Full Metal Jacket ) , and now , in the 1990s , absolutely nothing .
What the hell was he doing in there ?
According to rumours , he was passing his time being terrified of germs and refusing to let his chauffeur drive over 30 mph .
But now I knew what he was doing .
He was listening to my BBC Radio 4 documentary , Hotel Auschwitz .
" The good news , " wrote Nicholas Wapshott in the Times in 1997 , bemoaning the ever - lengthening gaps between his films , " is that Kubrick is a hoarder ...
There is an extensive archive of material at his home in Childwick Bury .
When that is eventually opened , we may get close to understanding the tangled brain which brought to life HAL , the [ Clockwork Orange ] Droogs and Jack Torrance . "
The thing is , once I sent the tape to the PO box , nothing happened next .
I never heard anything again .
Not a word .
My cassette disappeared into the mysterious world of Stanley Kubrick .
And then , three years later , Kubrick was dead .
Two years after that , in 2001 , I got another phone call out of the blue from the man called Tony .
" Do you want to get some lunch ? " he asked .
" Why do n't you come up to Childwick ? "
The journey to the Kubrick house starts normally .
You drive through rural Hertfordshire , passing ordinary - sized postwar houses and opticians and vets .
Then you turn right at an electric gate with a " Do Not Trespass " sign .
Drive through that , and through some woods , and past a long , white fence with the paint peeling off , and then another electric gate , and then another electric gate , and then another electric gate , and you 're in the middle of an estate full of boxes .
There are boxes everywhere - shelves of boxes in the stable block , rooms full of boxes in the main house .
In the fields , where racehorses once stood and grazed , are half a dozen portable cabins , each packed with boxes .
These are the boxes that contain the legendary Kubrick archive .
Was the Times right ?
Would the stuff inside the boxes offer an understanding of his " tangled brain " ?
I notice that many of the boxes are sealed .
Some have , in fact , remained unopened for decades .
Tony turns out to be Tony Frewin .
He started working as an office boy for Kubrick in 1965 , when he was 17 .
One day , apropos of nothing , Kubrick said to him , " You have that office outside my office if I need you . "
That was 36 years ago and Tony is still here , two years after Kubrick died and was buried in the grounds behind the house .
There may be no more Kubrick movies to make , but there are DVDs to remaster and reissue in special editions .
There are box sets and retrospective books to oversee .
There is paperwork .
Tony gives me a guided tour of the house .
We walk past boxes and more boxes and filing cabinets and past a grand staircase .
Childwick was once home to a family of horse - breeders called the Joels .
Back then there were , presumably , busts or floral displays on either side at the bottom of this staircase .
Here , instead , is a photocopier on one side and another photocopier on the other .
" Is this ... ? "
I ask .
" Yes , " says Tony .
" This is how Stanley left it . "
Stanley Kubrick 's house looks as if the Inland Revenue took it over long ago .
Tony takes me into a large room painted blue and filled with books .
" This used to be the cinema , " he says .
" Is it the library now ? " I ask .
" Look closer at the books , " says Tony .
I do .
" Bloody hell , " I say .
" Every book in this room is about Napoleon ! "
" Look in the drawers , " says Tony .
I do .
" It 's all about Napoleon , too ! " I say .
" Everything in here is about Napoleon ! "
I feel a little like Shelley Duvall in The Shining , chancing upon her husband 's novel and finding it is comprised entirely of the line " All Work And No Play Makes Jack A Dull Boy " typed over and over again .
John Baxter wrote , in his unauthorised biography of Kubrick , " Most people attributed the purchase of Childwick to Kubrick 's passion for privacy , and drew parallels with Jack Torrance in The Shining . "
This room full of Napoleon stuff seems to bear out that comparison .
" Somewhere else in this house , " Tony says , " is a cabinet full of 25,000 library cards , three inches by five inches .
If you want to know what Napoleon , or Josephine , or anyone within Napoleon 's inner circle was doing on the afternoon of July 23 17 - whatever , you go to that card and it'll tell you . "
" Who made up the cards ? " I ask .
" Stanley , " says Tony .
" With some assistants . "
" How long did it take ? " I ask .
" Years , " says Tony .
" The late 1960s . "
Kubrick never made his film about Napoleon .
During the years it took him to compile this research , a Rod Steiger movie called Waterloo was written , produced and released .
It was a box - office failure , so MGM abandoned Napoleon and Kubrick made A Clockwork Orange instead .
" Did you do this kind of massive research for all the movies ? " I ask Tony .
" More or less , " he says .
" OK , " I say .
" I understand how you might do this for Napoleon , but what about , say , The Shining ? "
" Somewhere here , " says Tony , " is just about every ghost book ever written , and there 'll be a box containing photographs of the exteriors of maybe every mountain hotel in the world . "
There is a silence .
" Tony , " I say , " can I look through the boxes ? "
I 've been coming to the Kubrick house a couple of times a month ever since .
I start , chronologically , in a portable cabin behind the stable block , with a box marked Lolita .
I open it , noting the ease with which the lid comes off .
" These are excellent , well - designed boxes , " I think to myself .
I flick through the paperwork inside , pausing randomly at a letter that reads as if it has come straight from a Jane Austen novel :
Dear Mr Kubrick ,
Just a line to express to you and to Mrs Kubrick my husband 's and my own deep appreciation of your kindness in arranging for Dimitri 's introduction to your uncle , Mr Günther Rennert .
Sincerely ,
Mrs Vladimir Nabokov
I later learn that Dimitri was a budding opera singer and Rennert was a famous opera director , in charge of the Munich Opera House .
This letter was written in 1962 , back in the days when Kubrick was still producing a film every year or so .
This box is full of fascinating correspondence between Kubrick and the Nabokovs but - unlike the fabulously otherworldly Napoleon room , which was accrued six years later - it is the kind of stuff you would probably find in any director 's archive .
The unusual stuff - the stuff that elucidates the ever - lengthening gaps between productions - can be found in the boxes that were compiled from 1968 onwards .
In a box next to the Lolita box in the cabin , I find an unusually terse letter , written by Kubrick to someone called Pat , on January 10 1968 : " Dear Pat , Although you are apparently too busy to personally return my phone calls , perhaps you will find time in the near future to reply to this letter ? "
( Later , when I show Tony this letter , he says he 's surprised by the brusqueness .
Kubrick must have been at the end of his tether , he says , because on a number of occasions he said to Tony , " Before you send an angry letter , imagine how it would look if it got into the hands of Time Out . " )
The reason for Kubrick 's annoyance in this particular letter was because he'd heard that the Beatles were going to use a landscape shot from Dr Strangelove in one of their movies : " The Beatle film will be very widely seen , " Kubrick writes , " and it will make it appear that the material in Dr Strangelove is stock footage .
I feel this harms the film . "
There is a similar batch of telexes from 1975 : " It would appear , " Kubrick writes in one , " that Space 1999 may very well become a long - running and important television series .
There seems nothing left now but to seek the highest possible damages ...
The deliberate choice of a date only two years away from 2001 is not accidental and harms us . "
This telex was written seven years after the release of 2001 .
But you can see why Kubrick sometimes felt compelled to wage war to protect the honour of his work .
A 1975 telex , from a picture publicity man at Warner Bros called Mark Kauffman , regards publicity stills for Kubrick 's sombre reworking of Thackeray 's Barry Lyndon .
It reads : " Received additional material .
Is there any material with humour or zaniness that you could send ? "
Kubrick replies , clearly through gritted teeth : " The style of the picture is reflected by the stills you have already received .
The film is based on William Makepeace Thackeray 's novel which , though it has irony and wit , could not be well described as zany . "
I take a break from the boxes to wander over to Tony 's office .
As I walk in , I notice something pinned to his letterbox .
" POSTMAN , " it reads .
" Please put all mail in the white box under the colonnade across the courtyard to your right . "
It is not a remarkable note except for one thing .
The typeface Tony used to print it is exactly the same typeface Kubrick used for the posters and title sequences of Eyes Wide Shut and 2001 .
" It 's Futura Extra Bold , " explains Tony .
" It was Stanley 's favourite typeface .
It 's sans serif .
He liked Helvetica and Univers , too .
Clean and elegant . "
" Is this the kind of thing you and Kubrick used to discuss ? " I ask .
" God , yes , " says Tony .
" Sometimes late into the night .
I was always trying to persuade him to turn away from them .
But he was wedded to his sans serifs . "
Tony goes to his bookshelf and brings down a number of volumes full of examples of typefaces , the kind of volumes he and Kubrick used to study , and he shows them to me .
" I did once get him to admit the beauty of Bembo , " he adds , " a serif . "
" So is that note to the postman a sort of private tribute from you to Kubrick ? " I ask .
" Yeah , " says Tony .
He smiles to himself .
" Yeah , yeah . "
For a moment I also smile at the unlikely image of the two men discussing the relative merits of typefaces late into the night , but then I remember the first time I saw the trailer for Eyes Wide Shut , the way the words " CRUISE , KIDMAN , KUBRICK " flashed dramatically on to the screen in large red , yellow and white colours , to the song Baby Did A Bad Bad Thing .
Had the words not been in Futura Extra Bold , I realise now , they would n't have sent such a chill up the spine .
Kubrick and Tony obviously became , at some point during their relationship , tireless amateur sleuths , wanting to amass and consume and understand all information .
Tony obviously misses Kubrick terribly .
But this attention to detail becomes so amazingly evident and seemingly all - consuming in the later boxes , I begin to wonder whether it was worth it .
In one portable cabin , for example , there are hundreds and hundreds of boxes related to Eyes Wide Shut , marked EWS - Portman Square , EWS - Kensington & Chelsea , etc , etc .
I choose the one marked EWS - Islington because that 's where I live .
Inside are hundreds of photographs of doorways .
The doorway of my local video shop , Century Video , is here , as is the doorway of my dry cleaner 's , Spots Suede Services on Upper Street .
Then , as I continue to flick through the photographs , I find , to my astonishment , pictures of the doorways of the houses in my own street .
Handwritten at the top of these photographs are the words , " Hooker doorway ? "
" Huh , " I think .
So somebody within the Kubrick organisation ( it was , in fact , his nephew ) once walked up my street , on Kubrick 's orders , hoping to find a suitable doorway for a hooker in Eyes Wide Shut .
It is both an extremely interesting find and a bit of a kick in the teeth .
It is not , though , as incredible a coincidence as it may at first seem .
Judging by the writing on the boxes , probably just about every doorway in London has been captured and placed inside this cabin .
This solves one mystery for me - the one about why Kubrick , a native of the Bronx , chose the St Albans countryside , of all places , for his home .
I realise now that it did n't matter .
It could have been anywhere .
It is as if the whole world is to be found somewhere within this estate .
But was it worth it ?
Was the hooker doorway eventually picked for Eyes Wide Shut the quintessential hooker doorway ?
Back at home , I watch Eyes Wide Shut again on DVD .
The hooker doorway looks exactly like any doorway you would find in Lower Manhattan - maybe on Canal Street or in the East Village .
It is a red door , up some brownstone steps , with the number 265 painted on the glass at the top .
Tom Cruise is pulled through the door by the hooker .
The scene is over in a few seconds .
( It was eventually shot on a set at Pinewood . )
I remember the Napoleon archive , the years it took Kubrick and some assistants to compile it , and I suggest to Jan Harlan , Kubrick 's executive producer and brother - in - law , that had there not been all those years of attention to detail during the early planning of the movie , perhaps Napoleon would actually have been made .
" That 's a completely theoretical and obsolete observation ! " replies Jan , in a jolly way .
" That 's like saying had Vermeer painted in a different manner , he'd have done 100 more paintings . "
" OK , " I say .
Jan is right , of course .
So why am I so keen to discover in the boxes some secret personality flaw to Kubrick , whose films I love so much ?
He was the greatest director of his generation .
Jack Nicholson 's " Here 's Johnny ! " Lolita 's heart - shaped sunglasses .
The Dr Strangelove cowboy riding the nuclear bomb like it's a bucking bronco .
And on and on .
So many images have implanted themselves into the public consciousness , surely because of the director 's ever - burgeoning attention to detail .
" Why do n't you just accept , " says Jan , " that this was how he worked ? "
" But if he had n't allowed his tireless work ethic to take him to unproductive places , he'd have made more films , " I say .
" For instance , the Space 1999 lawsuit seems , with the benefit of hindsight , a little trivial . "
" Of course I wish he had made more films , " says Jan .
Jan and I are having this conversation inside the stable block , surrounded by hundreds of boxes .
For the past few days I have been reading the contents of those marked " Fan Letters " and " Résumés " .
They are filled with pleas from hundreds of strangers , written over the decades .
They say much the same thing : " I know I have the talent to be a big star .
I know it 's going to happen to me one day .
I just need a break .
Will you give me that break ? "
All these letters are - every single one of them - written by people of whom I have never heard .
Many of these young actors will be middle - aged by now .
I want to go back in time and say to them , " You 're not going to make it !
It 's best you know now rather than face years of having your dreams slowly erode . "
They are heartbreaking boxes .
" Stanley never wrote back to the fans , " says Jan .
" He never , never responded .
It would have been too much .
It would have driven him crazy .
He did n't like to get engaged with strangers . "
( In fact , I soon discover , Kubrick did write back to fans , on random , rare occasions .
I find two replies in total .
Maybe he only ever wrote back twice .
One reads , " Your letter of 4th May was overwhelming .
What can I say in reply ?
Sincerely , Stanley Kubrick . "
The other reads , " Dear Mr William , Thank you for writing .
No comment about A Clockwork Orange .
You will have to decide for yourself .
Sincerely , Stanley Kubrick . " )
" One time , in 1998 , " Jan says , " I was in the kitchen with Stanley and I mentioned that I 'd just been to the optician 's in St Albans to get a new pair of glasses .
Stanley looked shocked .
He said , ' Where exactly did you go ? '
I told him and he said , ' Oh , thank God !
I was just in the other optician 's in town getting some glasses and I used your name ! ' "
Jan laughs .
" He used my name in the optician 's , everywhere . "
" But even if he did n't reply to the fan letters , " I say , " they 've all been so scrupulously read and filed . "
The fan letters are perfectly preserved .
They are not in the least bit dusty or crushed .
The system used to file them is , in fact , extraordinary .
Each fan box contains perhaps 50 orange folders .
Each folder has the name of a town or city typed on the front - Agincourt , Ontario ; Alhambra , California ; Cincinnati , Ohio ; Daly City , California , and so on - and they are in alphabetical order inside the boxes .
And inside each folder are all the fan letters that came from that particular place in any one year .
Kubrick has handwritten " F - P " on the positive ones and " F - N " on the negative ones .
The crazy ones have been marked " F - C " .
" Look at this , " I say to Jan .
I hand him a letter written by a fan and addressed to Arthur C Clarke .
He forwarded it on to Kubrick and wrote on the top , " Stanley .
See P3 !!
Arthur . "
Jan turns to page 3 , where Clarke had marked , with exclamation marks , the following paragraph :
" What is the meaning behind the epidemic ?
Does the pink furniture reveal anything about the 3rd monolith and it's emitting a pink colour when it first approaches the ship ?
Does this have anything to do with a shy expression ?
Does the alcohol offered by the Russians have anything to do with French kissing and saliva ? "
" Why do you think Arthur C Clarke marked that particular paragraph for Kubrick to read ? " I ask Jan .
" Because it is so bizarre and absurd , " he says .
" I thought so , " I say .
" I just wanted to make sure . "
In the back of my mind , I wondered whether this paragraph was marked because the writer of the fan letter - Mr Sam Laks of Alhambra , California - had actually worked out the secret of the monolith in 2001 .
I find myself empathising with Sam Laks .
I am also looking for answers to the mysteries .
So many conspiracy theories and wild rumours surrounded Kubrick - the one about him being responsible for faking the moon landings ( untrue ) , the one about his terror of germs ( this one can't be true , either - there 's a lot of dust around here ) , the one about him refusing to fly and drive over 30 mph .
( The flying one is true - Tony says he was n't scared of planes , he was scared of air traffic controllers - but the one about the 30 mph is " bullshit " , says Tony .
" He had a Porsche . " )
This is why my happiest times looking through the boxes are when things turn weird .
For instance , at the end of one shelf inside the stable block is a box marked " Sniper head - scary " .
Inside , wrapped in newspaper , is an extremely lifelike and completely disgusting disembodied head of a young Vietnamese girl , the veins in her neck protruding horribly , her eyes staring out , her lips slightly open , her tongue just visible .
I feel physically sick looking at it .
As I hold it up by its blood - matted hair , Christiane , Kubrick 's widow , walks past the window .
" I found a head ! " I say .
" It 's probably Ryan O'Neal 's head , " she replies .
Christiane has no idea who I am , nor what I 'm doing in her house , but she accepts the moment with admirable calm .
" No , " I say .
" It 's the head of the sniper from Full Metal Jacket . "
" But she was n't beheaded , " calls back Christiane .
" She was shot . "
" I know ! " I say .
Christiane shrugs and walks on .
The sniper head would probably please Mr Sam Laks , on a superficial level , because it is so grotesque .
But in general the most exotic things to be found here are generated from the outside , from the imaginations of fans like him .
" I was just talking to Tony about typefaces , " I say to Jan .
" Ah yes , " says Jan .
" Stanley loved typefaces . "
Jan pauses .
" I tell you what else he loved . "
" What ? " I ask .
" Stationery , " says Jan .
I glance over at the boxes full of letters from people who felt about Kubrick the way Kubrick felt about stationery , and then back to Jan .
" His great hobby was stationery , " he says .
" One time a package arrived with 100 bottles of brown ink .
I said to Stanley , ' What are you going to do with all that ink ? '
He said , ' I was told they were going to discontinue the line , so I bought all the remaining bottles in existence . '
Stanley had a tremendous amount of ink . "
Jan pauses .
" He loved stationery , pads , everything like that . "
Tony wanders into the stable block .
" How 's it going ? " he asks .
" Still looking for Rosebud , " I say .
" The closest I ever got to Rosebud , " says Tony , " was finding a daisy gun that he had when he was a child . "
As I look through the boxes over the months , I never find my Hotel Auschwitz tape .
Nor do I get around to opening the two boxes that read Shadow On The Sun .
But , one evening just before last Christmas , I decide to take a look .
The boxes contain two volumes of what appears to be a cheesy sci- fi radio drama script .
The story begins with a sick dog : " Can you run me over to Oxford with my dog ? " says the dog 's owner .
" He 's not very well .
I 'm a bit worried about him , John . "
This is typed .
Kubrick has handwritten below it : " THE DOG IS NOT WELL . "
It soon becomes clear - through speed - reading - that a virus has been carried to earth on a meteorite .
This is why the dog is listless , and also why humans across the planet are no longer able to control their sexual appetites .
It ends with a speech : " There 's been so much killing - friend against friend , neighbour against neighbour , but we all know nobody on this earth is to blame , Mrs Brighton .
We 've all had the compulsions .
We 'll just have to forgive each other our trespasses .
I 'll do my part .
I 'll grant a general amnesty - wipe the slate clean .
Then perhaps we can begin to live again , as ordinary decent human beings , and forget the horror of the past few months . "
This , too , is typed .
But all over the script I find notes handwritten by Kubrick .
( " Establish Brighton 's interest in extraterrestrial matters " ; " Dog finds meteorite " ; " John has got to have very powerful connections of the highest level " ; " A Bill Murray line ! " ) " Tony ! " I say .
" What the hell is this ? "
I believe I have stumbled on a lost Kubrick radio play .
Perhaps he did this in his spare time .
But , if so , why ?
" No , no , " says Tony .
" I know what this is . "
Kubrick was always a keen listener to BBC Radio , Tony explains .
When he first arrived in the UK , back in the early 1960s , he happened to hear this drama serial , Shadow On The Sun .
Three decades later , in the early 1990s , after he had finished Full Metal Jacket , he was looking for a new project , so he asked Tony to track down the scripts .
He spent a few years , on and off , thinking about Shadow On The Sun , reading and annotating the scripts , before he abandoned the idea and eventually - after working on and rejecting AI ( which was filmed by Steven Spielberg after Kubrick 's death ) - made Eyes Wide Shut instead .
" But the original script seems so cheesy , " I say .
" Ah , " replies Tony , " but this is before Stanley worked his alchemy . "
And I realise this is true .
" Dog finds meteorite . "
It sounds so banal , but imagine how Kubrick might have directed it .
Do the words , " Ape finds monolith " or , " Little boy turns the corner and sees twin girls " sound any less banal on the page ?
All this time I have been looking in the boxes for some embodiment of the fantasies of the outsiders like Mr Sam Laks and me - but I never do find anything like that .
I suppose that the closer you get to an enigma , the more explicable it becomes .
Even the somewhat crazy - seeming stuff , like the filing of the fan letters by the town from which they came , begins to make sense after a while .
It turns out that Kubrick ordered this filing in case he ever wanted to have a local cinema checked out .
If 2001 , say , was being screened in Daly City , California , at a cinema unknown to Kubrick , he would get Tony or one of his secretaries to telephone a fan from that town to ask them to visit the cinema to ensure that , say , the screen was n't ripped .
Tony says that if I 'm looking for something exotic or unexpected or extreme , if I 'm looking for the solution to the mystery of Kubrick , I do n't really need to look inside the boxes .
I just need to watch the films .
" It 's all there , " he says .
" Those films are Stanley . "
Although the Kubricks have always closely guarded their privacy inside Childwick , I come to the end of my time at the house during something of a watershed moment .
Christiane Kubrick and her daughter Katherine are soon to open the grounds and the stable block to the public for an art fair , displaying their work and the work of a number of local artists .
The boxes are going to be moved somewhere else .
Many , in fact , have now been shipped to Frankfurt .
On March 31 , the Deutsches Filmmuseum will launch a major Kubrick exhibition , including lenses , props , cameras and some of the stuff that I found in the boxes .
This will tour across Europe and hopefully visit London , if the BFI can find a suitable exhibition space .
And the German publisher Taschen is soon to bring out a book on Kubrick that will reproduce some of the Napoleon archive .
Towards the end of my time at the Kubrick house , Tony mentions something seemingly inconsequential , but as soon as he says it I realise that the Rosebud I was after - the quintessence of Kubrick - has been staring me in the face from the very first day .
From the beginning , I had mentally noted how well constructed the boxes were , and now Tony tells me that this is because Kubrick designed them himself .
He was n't happy with the boxes that were on the market - their restrictive dimensions and the fact that it was sometimes difficult to get the tops off - so he set about designing a whole new type of box .
He instructed a company of box manufacturers , G Ryder & Co , of Milton Keynes , to construct 400 of them to his specifications .
" When one batch arrived , " says Tony , " we opened them up and found a note , written by someone at G Ryder & Co .
The note said , ' Fussy customer .
Make sure the tops slide off . ' "
Tony laughs .
I half expect him to say , " I suppose we were a bit fussy . "
But he does n't .
Instead , he says , " As opposed to non-fussy customers who do n't care if they struggle all day to get the tops off . "
The thing is , nobody outside the Kubrick house got to see the boxes
We 've been running the Classic Ad Watch series for years now , and we 've seen some pretty entertaining car commercials along the way .
Since the Fourth of July week is all about the frenzy of consumption that is the American Dream , we 'll be taking a look back at some of our most beloved ads from the 1960s , 1970s , 1980s , and 1990s .
Best of all , we 're letting you vote on which is your favorite from each decade !
First up is that most beloved decade of the Baby Boomers , who will ensure that the rest of us get to hear " ( Sittin ' On ) The Dock Of The Bay " an average of 5.5 times per day for the rest of our lives : the 1960s !
Make the jump to check out and vote on the ads , featuring stars such as Abe Vigoda and Petula Clark hawking the products of Detroit , Wolfsburg , Longbridge , Kenosha , and Göteborg .
Advertisement
Chevrolet Breaks Out The Cheepnis To Move The Volcanic 1967 Camaro Chevrolet 's Mustang fighter was a big deal when first unveiled , and The General figured they 'd need Read more
Advertisement
10 : 1967 Chevrolet Camaro Super Sport
Emerging from an an eruption of foam rocks and dry-ice smoke , the ' 67 Camaro SS 350 roared out of the cheapest special - effects house in Hollywood and into our hearts , and no convenience - store parking lot would remain burnout - free , ever again !
This ad demonstrates the Camaro 's often - overlooked off - road capabilities .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
9 : BMC Mini Deluxe
Car buyers around the British Commonwealth were tired of those damn sliding side windows on the otherwise - luxurious Mini , so BMC decided to spend a few pence on crank - operated glass .
In this ad , we learn that bikini'd Aussie babes " like it going up and down . "
Wink , wink !
Classic Ad Watch : The Judge Used To Rule !
The best indication we can find of how far Pontiac 's advertising has plummeted in both kitsch …
Read more
Advertisement
8 : 1969 Pontiac GTO Judge
The kids back in ' 69 wanted fast cars and rock - n- roll , and those who were n't schlepping M16s in the Iron Triangle could get both with the GTO Judge .
We totally dig the grooo - oovy Paul Revere and the Raiders in American Revolution garb .
Advertisement
7 : 1967 AMC Rebel
AMC was all about cheap - wait , we mean economical - and Abe Vigoda was proud to point out the ways in which the ' 67 Rebel packed standard features not found in such extravagant machines as the Ford Fairlane and Chevy Chevelle .
Coil spring rear seat !
In Soviet Russia , ' 66 Lincoln Continentalski Advertises YOU !
Starting at their exclusive Party dacha in the country , these two Soviet apparatchiks study that …
Read more
Advertisement
6 : 1966 Lincoln Continental
This informercial - length epic shows how the longer , wider , taller ' 66 Lincoln Continental served as a patriotic statement , with Commies pointing out its features .
Why , even the People 's Commissar feels compelled to mount dual machine - guns in the truck , in case of attack by rival Politburo factions .
Mustang Mach 1 : The Way To Swing In '69 !
Let 's say it 's 1969 and you 've turned on the TV .
What do you see ?
Why , this singing , dancing group Read more
Advertisement
5 : 1969 Ford Mustang
Not to be outdone by the all - out rockin ' in the Judge ad , Ford put together an even more wholesome band for their ad for the special - edition ' 69 Mustangs .
Could you imagine anyone in this ad sucking on a big doobie packed with stems and seeds , or catching scabies in a commune 's beanbag chair ?
Beat On The Goat ! Beat On The Goat !
Even though they generally looked like peeling , faded crap after a few years of real - world use , … Read more
Advertisement
4 : 1968 Pontiac GTO
The Goat gets a couple of ads in our Top Ten , because it 's impossible not to love the sight of lab - coated scientists bashing the snout of a car with a sledgehammer while their peers howl with bloodlust .
Too bad the paint always flaked off those Enduraflex bumpers after a few years .
Advertisement
3 : Plymouth Fury
Sideburns ! Petula Clark !
Purple microdots !
We 're betting the last ingredient was sadly absent from the set when they filmed this ad , which features the ' 68 Fury as a musical instrument .
Oh , Ja! Volvo Amazon !
We were a little puzzled by the sight of these left - hand - drive Amazons driving on the left side of …
Read more
Advertisement
2 : Volvo Amazon
Is " luxury " the first word that pops into your head when you think of the Volvo Amazon of the 1960s ?
Of course !
We 've got a sexy Amazon driver with a breathy voice and bizarre enunciation ' splaining the whole thing for us ... in Swedish .
Advertisement
1 : Volkswagen Transporter
The Volkswagen bus of the early 60s was only 6 " longer than the Beetle ( and powered by the same lawnmower - esque engine ) , but just watch how it inhales huge stacks of boxes , crowds of impatient German commuters , and painting equipment !
As long as it does n't have to climb any hills with those loads , it 's all gut !
This one 's got some of the finest animation we 've ever seen in a car ad .
Advertisement
Gawker Media polls require Javascript ; if you 're viewing this in an RSS reader , click through to view in your Javascript - enabled web browser .
BIG - STATE , social - democratic Sweden seems an odd place to look for a free - market revolution .
Yet that is what is under way in the country 's schools .
Reforms that came into force in 1994 allow pretty much anyone who satisfies basic standards to open a new school and take in children at the state 's expense .
The local municipality must pay the school what it would have spent educating each child itself — a sum of SKr48,000 - 70,000 ( $ 8,000 - 12,000 ) a year , depending on the child 's age and the school 's location .
Children must be admitted on a first - come , first - served basis — there must be no religious requirements or entrance exams .
Nothing extra can be charged for , but making a profit is fine .
Kunskapsporten
Flatpack schooling
The reforms were controversial , especially within the Social Democratic Party , then in one of its rare spells in opposition .
They would have been even more controversial had it been realised just how popular they would prove .
In just 14 years the share of Swedish children educated privately has risen from a fraction of a percent to more than 10 % .
At the time , it was assumed that most “ free ” schools would be foreign - language ( English , Finnish or Estonian ) or religious , or perhaps run by groups of parents in rural areas clubbing together to keep a local school alive .
What no one predicted was the emergence of chains of schools .
Yet that is where much of the growth in independent education has come from .
Sweden 's Independent Schools Association has ten members that run more than six schools , and five that run ten or more .
The biggest , Kunskapsskolan ( “ Knowledge Schools ” ) opened its first six schools in 2000 .
Four more opened last autumn , bringing the total to 30 .
It now has 700 employees and teaches nearly 10,000 pupils , with an operating profit of SKr62 m last year on a turnover of SKr655m .
Like IKEA , a giant Swedish furniture - maker , Kunskapsskolan gets its customers to do much of the work themselves .
The vital tool , though , is not an Allen key but the Kunskapsporten ( “ Knowledge Portal ” ) , a website containing the entire syllabus .
Youngsters spend 15 minutes each week with a tutor , reviewing the past week 's progress and agreeing on goals and a timetable for the next one .
This will include classes and lectures , but also a great deal of independent or small - group study .
The Kunskapsporten allows each student to work at his own level , and spend less or more time on each subject , depending on his strengths and weakness .
Each subject is divided into 35 steps .
Students who reach step 25 graduate with a pass ; those who make it to step 30 or 35 gain , respectively , a merit or distinction .
Again like IKEA , no money is wasted on fancy surroundings .
Kunskapsskolan Enskede , a school for 11 - to 16 - year - olds in a suburb of Stockholm , is a former office block into which classrooms , open - study spaces and two small lecture - theatres have been squeezed ( pictured ) .
It is pleasant , but basic and rather bare .
It rents fields nearby for football and basketball , and , like other schools in the chain , sends pupils away to one of two specially built facilities for a week each term for home economics , woodwork and art , rather than providing costly , little - used facilities in the school .
Teachers update and add new material to the website during school holidays and get just seven weeks off each year , roughly the same as the average Swedish office worker .
“ We do n't want teachers preparing lessons during term - time , ” says Per Ledin , the company 's boss .
“ Instead we steal that preparation time , and use it so they can spend more time with students . ”
Many schools would be horrified to be likened to IKEA , but Mr Ledin goes one better .
“ We do not mind being compared to McDonald 's , ” he says .
“ If we 're religious about anything , it 's standardisation .
We tell our teachers it is more important to do things the same way than to do them well . ”
He then broadens the analogy to hotels and airlines , which make money only if they are popular enough to maintain high occupancy rates .
One selling point that any parent of a monosyllabic teenager will appreciate is the amount of information they will receive .
Each child 's progress is reported each week in a logbook , and parents can follow what is being studied on the website .
And the braver among them will be keen on the expectation that the children take responsibility for their own progress .
“ Our aim is that by the time students finish school , they can set their own learning goals , ” says Christian Wetell , head teacher at Kunskapsskolan Enskede .
“ Three or four students in each year may not manage this , but most will . ”
Performance monitoring is also important within the company : it tracks the performance of individual teachers to see which ones do best as personal tutors or as subject teachers .
It offers bonuses to particularly successful teachers and is considering paying extra to good ones from successful schools who are willing to move to underperforming ones .
Kunskapsskolan 's do - it - yourself style of education may soon be available outside its home country .
In March it was named preferred bidder to run two “ academies ” — state - funded schools run largely free from state control — in London .
If they go ahead ( negotiations with the government are proving fraught ) , they will be run by a not - for - profit arm , since for - profit ventures are banned from Britain 's academies programme .
The firm also hopes to open low - cost independent schools in Britain , where it can offer the full Kunskapsskolan experience , free of state meddling .
Lessons for politicians
Schooling is , in one respect , a very safe business : parents will always want their children educated and future demand is relatively easy to predict .
So unsurprisingly the returns are solid , rather than stellar : Mr Ledin quotes an average return on capital of 5 - 7 % a year .
But like any business with a single customer , there are risks , too — and when that customer is the state , the biggest ones are political .
If a future government , hostile to school choice , changed the rules , that would be the end of this nascent market .
Carl - Gustaf Stawström , the managing director of Sweden 's Independent Schools Association , is sanguine .
The school reforms are popular with parents , he says , and politicians know they meddle with them at their peril .
More plausible would be a change to the rules so that independent schools had to match the methods and curriculum of state schools more closely , or perhaps even a ban on profits .
The latter sounds bad , says Mr Stawström , but would not really amount to much : companies could split themselves into non-profit schools and a profit - making body that supplies services , such as teaching materials and consultancy .
And as for competing head - to - head with the state ?
“ We have independent schools now that are sure they can compete on the same ground .
They are just very good . ”
Canadian soldiers serving in Afghanistan have been ordered by commanding officers " to ignore " incidents of sexual assault among the civilian population , says a military chaplain who counsels troops returning home with post - traumatic stress disorder .
The chaplain , Jean Johns , says she recently counselled a Canadian soldier who said he witnessed a boy being raped by an Afghan soldier , then wrote a report on the allegation for her brigade chaplain .
In her March report , which she says should have been advanced " up the chain of command , " Johns says the corporal told her that Canadian troops have been ordered by commanding officers " to ignore " incidents of sexual assault .
Johns has n't received a reply to the report .
While several Canadian Forces chaplains say other soldiers have made similar claims , Department of National Defence lawyers have argued Canada is n't obliged to investigate because none of the soldiers has made a formal complaint , says a senior Canadian officer familiar with the matter .
" It 's ridiculous , " the officer says .
" We have an ethical and moral responsibility to pursue this , not to shut our eyes to it because it would make it more difficult to work with the Afghan government .
" We 're supposed to be in Afghanistan to help people who are being victimized . "
The independent claims bolster the credibility of an account provided by Cpl. Travis Schouten , a Canadian soldier who served in Afghanistan from September 2006 through early 2007 and now suffers from severe post - traumatic stress disorder .
A Star story Saturday detailed an allegation levelled by Schouten that during his tour , he heard an Afghan national army soldier abusing a young boy and then saw the boy afterwards with visible signs of rape trauma , his bowels and lower intestines falling out of his body .
The alleged abuse occurred in late 2006 near a forward operation base , some 20 kilometres from the Kandahar Airfield .
Another chaplain at CFB Petawawa , Joe Johns , said a third chaplain told a group meeting last summer about having been approached by several Canadian military police officers who asked for help reconciling the fact they had n't done anything to stop abuses .
That chaplain declined to comment .
Bryon Wilfert , the Liberal critic for national defence , says he has asked party officials for approval to grill Foreign Affairs Minister David Emerson about the sex - abuse allegations today during Question Period .
Wilfert called Schouten 's claims " very serious and disturbing " and says Canada at least should have sent the Afghan government a diplomatic note about the allegations .
" Anybody who says this is about cultural differences should have their head examined , " he says .
Maj .
Paul Doucette , a Canadian Forces spokesperson , says the military is aware only of Schouten 's allegation and intends to investigate .
Doucette did n't say why an investigation has n't already taken place .
Schouten last month described the assault while testifying to the parliamentary subcommittee on national defence .
The testimony was given behind closed doors during a meeting in camera .
Doucette said in an emailed statement that " specific additional information would be required before any such issue could be raised with Afghan officials .
However , allegations of this type of behaviour would be an issue for Afghan authorities to address under Afghan law . "
Asked if Canadian Forces personnel are prevented from intervening in cases of abuse because of rules of engagement , Doucette wrote , " the general purpose of ROEs is to control the use of force by military forces in conducting their operations .
" All Canadian Forces members , whatever their rank and trade , are trained to inform their chain of command of significant incidents , especially when an incident clearly calls for decisions beyond their level of authority . "
Lt. Col. Stéphane Grenier says he has spoken to Schouten , believes his story , and adds he has talked to another Canadian soldier who claims to have witnessed a similar assault .
Grenier has also counselled a British soldier who said he watched a young boy being raped by an Afghan soldier while his senior officer concluded a meeting nearby with Afghan army officers .
The sexual - abuse allegations put Canada in a thorny position with the local Afghan government and rekindle memories of some past deployments that led to Canadian soldiers developing post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
After serving in Bosnia , some soldiers were diagnosed with PTSD after rules of engagement prevented them from interfering when they witnessed civilians being raped by soldiers .
Retired general Roméo Dallaire famously struggled with PTSD after the United Nations thwarted his efforts to stop a genocide in Rwanda in 1994 .
By Mark O’Neill
Boing Boing has highlighted an interesting page on the Electronic Frontier Foundation website which talks about a recent court ruling – United States v. Arnold – which essentially allows US border guards to search your laptop or other digital devices without legal restraint if you try to enter the United States .
This has got a lot of civil liberties groups up in arms ( or as South Park likes to put it , “ rabble ! rabble ! rabble ! ” ) , as obviously the contents of your laptop are private .
You could have sensitive business information on there .
For example , what if you ’re a lawyer and you have confidential client information that you ca n’t reveal to a third party ?
Or on a personal level , perhaps embarrassing stuff like kinky porn which technically may be legal under the US constitution to own and look at but obviously you do n’t want a border guard finding it on your computer ?
You might even have something REALLY downright embarrassing and reputation destroying like some Britney Spears music from iTunes .
So are there any legal ways or crafty dodges to get around this obvious violation to your privacy and civil liberties ?
Plus is this court ruling right ?
Could it be open to an appeal ?
As the EFF page says , the obvious way to hide anything on a computer is encryption .
If I was approaching a border and I knew my computer was going to be looked at , I would encrypt everything beforehand .
But then again , an encrypted folder is a red flag to a law enforcement officer .
It ’s the equivalent of saying “ look !
I ’m hiding something ! ” .
But then I would say that this would only be a problem if you put the encrypted folder in plain sight – so hide the damn thing !
I normally hide all my encrypted folders inside installed software folders and make them look like part of the software installation .
Unless the stressed border guard is extremely computer savvy , how are they going to know the difference between an encrypted Truecrypt folder and a software installation folder for say Pidgin or Photoshop ?
Would he / she have the time to go through each and every folder and examine each one ?
I sincerely doubt it .
But then if the border guard DOES find an encrypted folder , do you give up the password ?
This is the big question is n’t it ?
Would YOU give up your password ?
Some travellers may be inclined to , just to get on their way .
But the law may be on your side if you choose not to .
Earlier this year a judge ruled that a man accused of having child porn on his encrypted computer was not compelled to hand over the passwords to his encrypted folders – because it would incriminate himself .
Welcome to the digital 21st century .
As law enforcement agencies are discovering , they are not automatically entitled to people ’s passwords just because they have a badge and a gun .
If you refuse to hand over your password , at worst , all the border agents can do is turn you away from the border and refuse you entry – if you are a foreigner to the United States .
If you are a US citizen , I would imagine a court appearance is not out of the question .
But I would love to know what the charges would end up being – and whether the case would stand up in front of a jury .
Failure To Provide A Password In The First Degree ?
Come on , give me a break .
Go out there officer and catch some real criminals for crying out loud .
Legal geeks – what ’s your interpretation of this situation ?
A waste of taxpayers money or a matter of legal principle ?
To the rest of the GAS readers – what are your thoughts on this subject ?
Have you taken your laptop through a border and have had to give up your files for inspection ?
Do you have any ingenious ways to hide digital information from prying eyes ?
And if push came to shove , would YOU give up your password ?
The two men drink standing near the back of the long bar at Davy Byrnes , one of the many watering holes in this city that , in the words of writer Samuel Beckett , who once lived upstairs , have been known to house “ broken glass and indiscretion . ”
In the back , because that ’s well away from the “ whippets ” and “ blow - ins ” who tend to wander in , armed with neither intellect nor wit , if one distinguishes between the two , settle on the first available stool and ask for a “ Boodweiser ” from the barman .
Standing , because as the long , merry nights wear on , each of the men must be on his toes , or miss the opportunity to point out a deficiency in the other ’s grasp of 13th century history , or drop a deftly delivered pun , or tell a magnificent lie .
“ Some of the time I ’m telling the truth .
You have to figure out for yourself whether I ’m having you on or not , ” says Roy McCutcheon , a native of Belfast who met Paul Winter here at the pub made famous by James Joyce -- now a civilized “ gastropub ” with very little broken glass -- one evening three years ago , and on a good many evenings since .
“ We ’re like - minded .
We ’re very sharp , very quick , we ’ve got a great repartee going on . ”
Advertisement
“ He ’s full of it most of the time , ” Winter says .
“ And he ’s a fascist . ”
“ I ’m not a fascist .
But you ’re a Trotskyite . ”
If there is a common denominator to these long , cantankerous evenings , it is Guinness , the beer so fundamental to Ireland that one has only to say , “ Pour me a pint ” to receive , in due course , a wide , ceremoniously poured glass of “ the black stuff . ”
Bitter and muddy , thick with creamy foam , too meaty for the heat but a blessed lubricant for a foggy night and a tearful chorus of “ Carrickfergus , ” Guinness is Ireland ’s best - selling beer .
Sixtysomethings like McCutcheon and Winter , weaned on its thick roasted - barley essence as teenagers , would n’t even consider drinking a wispy lager in its place .
Advertisement
But even Guinness , it seems , is not immune to the forces of open markets , suburban sprawl and Ireland ’s evolution from an impoverished backwater of emigrants to one of Europe ’s economic powerhouses , a country that imports cheap labor now from Eastern Europe .
Even as sales have boomed elsewhere , Guinness has seen its business decline in Ireland over most of the last seven years , a trend that eased only slightly last year with a growth rate of 3.5 % .
The problem is , Irish traditions are something many Irish simply no longer have time for .
In Dublin , working and commuting now take up much of the time once spent stopping at the pub for a pint after work .
And as the Celtic Tiger begins , like everyone else , to feel the effects of the global credit crunch , with home prices declining and unemployment rising , it does n’t help that a pint of Guinness costs $ 7.20 .
Advertisement
“ I ’ve got a hundred - mile round - trip commute every day .
So you ’re out of the house for 12 , 14 hours a day , and by the time you do get home , all you ’re fit for is a couple of hours of TV , maybe dinner , and go to bed .
It would never , ever cross my mind to go for a pint on the way home , ” said Cormac Billings , a 33 - year - old investment banker who works in Dublin ’s city center but lives in the suburbs .
“ Maybe six , seven times a year , you might meet up with your mates for a few pints , but it ’s always a hassle to organize , ” he said .
“ People are busy .
They ’re married , they ’re having kids . ”
Ireland is still the second - biggest beer - drinking market in the world , after the Czech Republic .
But beer consumption has declined 15 % since 2001 .
Rural pubs were closing last year at the rate of more than one a day , victims of high taxes , increasing supermarket sales and a nationwide smoking ban that went into effect in 2004 .
Add to that an explosion in demand for wine and high - end coffee here , and Guinness now sells more beer in Nigeria -- “ there ’s a drop of greatness in every man , ” the ads for the extra-robust , 7.5 % alcohol foreign extra stout tell Nigeria ’s receptive males -- than it does on the Emerald Isle .
Advertisement
The company in May announced a $ 1 - billion modernization program that will close two of its most venerable breweries and eliminate more than half its brewery staff , while transferring most Guinness export production , including beer bound for the U.S. , to a large , new state - of - the - art brewery in the Dublin suburbs .
Production at Guinness ’ 249 - year - old flagship brewery at St. James ’s Gate in central Dublin will be shrunk by a third , to focus almost exclusively on beer sold in Ireland and Britain -- for those whose Guinness tastes are so refined they would n’t accept beer brewed anywhere else .
The facility , Ireland ’s biggest tourist attraction , will get a major face - lift .
“ We listened to our consumers , and we listened to ourselves .
And something like St. James ’s Gate is really , really important to people , ” said Brian Duffy , chairman of the Irish branch of Diageo , the multinational company that owns Guinness and also distributes Tanqueray gin , Smirnoff vodka and Cuervo tequila .
“ Not just in terms of its connection with the beer and the connection with the family , but with Ireland .
It is almost regarded as part of our heritage . ”
Advertisement
Pub owners say they still sell more Guinness than anything else , but as Ireland has joined the European Union and become a new center for banking and manufacturing , they face a clientele with more choices and broader interests .
“ Eastern European products you never heard of , all of a sudden they are on the supermarket shelves , ” said Tom Cleary , who owns Kennedy ’s Pub in Dublin .
“ And I suppose the affluence brings about a certain snobbishness .
In terms of , ‘ We were on holiday and drank this , why ca n’t we get this beer in Ireland ? ’
“ I ’ve had people come to the counter and ask me for a bottle of Czech beer .
They think it ’s different , it ’s new .
But with all this affluence , they do n’t appreciate what ’s in front of them . ”
Now , no one ’s saying that a Saturday night in Dublin is n’t still an intimidating and unforgettable event , with the sound of raucous laughter , swooning promenades down the street and occasional curbside regurgitations , followed , early Sunday morning , by the clatter of dozens of empty kegs being rolled down the sidewalks and onto waiting trucks .
Advertisement
Young Dubliners who made their first trip to the pub at their father ’s side as teenagers , receiving calm instruction in how to finish a pint of Guinness in seven neat swigs , still go when they can , but when has it ever been cool to drink your father ’s beer ?
“ Years ago , everybody drank Guinness , ” said David Donnelly , a 36 - year - old Dubliner .
“ But young people do n’t drink Guinness .
If I was going for a few drinks with me mates , we just drink Budweiser .
Guinness is more of an old fellow ’s drink . ”
It is Guinness ’ fate to be so much better poured on draft at an Irish pub -- where kegs are tapped so often , they get renewed daily -- that a discriminating Irishman will drink it almost nowhere else .
Sure , Guinness comes in a bottle or a can , its contents indistinguishable from the pub version to most beer drinkers , but not to those who ’ve sucked on the black stuff since adolescence .
And there ’s plenty of choice now , even at the tap .
Advertisement
Here at Davy Byrnes , so crucial a fixture in Dublin that Leopold Bloom ordered a Gorgonzola sandwich and a glass of burgundy there in “ Ulysses ” -- “ Nice quiet bar .
Nice piece of wood in that counter .
Nicely planed .
Like the way it curves there ” -- things have changed to the degree that one city pub review congratulates it for pouring “ the finest pint of Budweiser in town ! ”
Still , it ’s the Guinness that keeps barman Stephen Delany busy much of the night .
He ’s pouring to the exacting standards of McCutcheon and Winter , who want it to take as long as it ’s supposed to take , which is , officially , 119.5 seconds for the perfect pint .
The first half is poured into a glass tilted at 45 degrees , a process that produces a tumult of nitrogen and carbon dioxide that has to be left sitting on the bar to settle .
Then , the second part of the pour , up to the brim .
“ You must wait until the head rises over the top , and that ’s when you start .
And if you drink it when it ’s first risen , the head will stay with you all the way to the bottom of the glass , ” McCutcheon says .
Advertisement
“ If you go into a pub in another country , and they just pour the Guinness straightaway . . . , ” Winter says .
“ Refuse that , ” interjects McCutcheon .
“ You never rush the Guinness .
You let it settle .
Tell the barman , ‘ Keep it high .
No hurry . ’
There ’s one bar in Dublin where you can pour your own Guinness , but that is a waste of money for people who do n’t know what they ’re doing . ”
“ You ’re paying , in essence , for a rotten Guinness .
But it fools the Americans , because they ’re dumb , ” Winter says .
“ What do they drink in California ? ” McCutcheon wants to know .
Advertisement
A lot of Mexican beer , they ’re told .
Dos Equis .
Corona .
The answer is delivered with a little note of defiance , daring them to scorn L.A. as much as they obviously do .
“ Nice and crisp and light .
Refreshing when it ’s hot . ”
McCutcheon looks disgusted .
“ I would stop while you ’re ahead .
Stop while you ’re ahead . ”
“ What ’s the point ? ” Winter says .
“ You know ? ”
Advertisement
Guinness brewery workers , who are fighting layoffs , say they fear the move to a more automated new brewery will undermine the craftsmanship for which the beer has always been prized .
“ It ’s going to have a huge impact on the heritage , ” said Sean Mackell , head of the brewery workers union .
“ We see Guinness as an iconic brand that should be produced by people who are committed to it .
As opposed to a multinational company contracting things out and not having the same commitment to quality . ”
But Diageo officials point out that Guinness already is brewed in nearly 50 countries , its foreign extra stout prepared with top - secret feedstock transported from the mother ship in Dublin , where the basic components are kept under lock and key .
If anything , they and many pub owners say , Guinness ’ focus in the last few years on uniform brewing standards , rigid delivery and sales schedules , and scrupulous tap - cleaning regimens at pubs across Ireland have made Guinness better than it used to be .
Advertisement
The campaign to make Guinness as good as it can be , along with heavy marketing , helped last year to turn around the slump in Irish sales .
So what if a third of all Guinness is now sold in Africa ?
“ People keep saying Guinness is in demise .
Well , it ’s not .
We ’re a global business , we ’re sold in over 150 countries .
I ’ve seen all those places go up and down , but our general trend has been inextricably upwards , and I expect that to continue , ” Duffy said .
“ As far as Ireland goes , we continue to be happy with the progress we ’re making .
We obviously need to connect to new consumers as they come into the market , but we ’re not aiming for this to be the fad drink for every new consumer that decides to embrace alcohol . ”
At Davy Byrnes , the conversation has moved on to whether John McCain inappropriately placated his Vietnamese captors ( “ He sang like a canary , ” Winter declares ) ; the mass suicide and massacre of Jews in York in 1190 ; Stalin ’s execution of top army officers in the run-up to World War II ; and a song by the Waterboys on a similar subject .
Someone tries to remember how it goes .
An argument ensues over whether the Waterboys ought to be considered an Irish band , or Scottish , or English .
Advertisement
Delany , the barman , looks to be of the opinion that he ’s not getting paid enough to keep pouring the Guinness down here , but pour he does .
--
kim.murphy@latimes.com
Drowned Woman's Body Haunts Rafters
Cops say river is too rough to recover her body , and they will leave it there .
GOLD BEACH , Ore. , July 6 , 2008  --
Police say white water rafters going through the tricky Blossom Bar rapids on southern Oregon 's Rogue River may see the body of a California woman who drowned there last week but cannot be recovered .
Rescuers say they cannot recover the body of Cynthia Lee Vontungeln , 52 , of Irvine , Calif. , because of treacherous conditions in the rapids on the Wild and Scenic portion of the river .
Vontungeln and Michelle Shillinglaw , 38 , of Austin , Texas , were part of a large guided kayak party floating the 34 - mile section from Grave Creek to Foster Bar , deputies said .
Both were wearing lifejackets , but their inflatable kayak hit a rock and capsized as they attempted to pass the Picket Fence set of rocks .
The rapids usually are categorized as a Class 4 on a scale of six , with Class 6 considered too treacherous even for experienced rafters to run .
Shillinglaw survived but Vontungeln became trapped between rocks and drowned .
A witness said Vontungeln helped push Shillinglaw to safety before she was overtaken by the current .
A search and rescue team , including helicopters from Jackson County , could not recover the victim .
The Coast Guard will not recover bodies , only live victims , Curry County sheriff 's patrol Sgt. John Ward said .
" The only way to get her is by helicopter , " he said .
" It 's a narrow canyon , and it 's just too dangerous .
We 've been in contact with her family , and they understand .
They do n't want us to risk someone 's life , " he said .
" There are reports from Paradise Lodge saying people are upset because they see her in the water , " Ward said .
The sheriff 's office had asked the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers whether water levels could be reduced to aid recovery efforts .
But the corps said water levels would have to be lowered by half , which could endanger boaters in three counties and cause a massive fish kill .
She was the second person to drown in the Blossom Bar area in June .
On June 1 , a San Jose , Calif. , man drowned while he and another man tried to swim across the river near Paradise Lodge after their raft had drifted away .
He was not wearing a lifejacket .
In the wake of that Xbox 360 Final Fantasy XIII announcement , that old chestnut rumor resurfaced that Metal Gear Solid 4 was coming to the Xbox 360 .
Maybe it will one day , who knows .
No idea what kinda deal Sony and Konami have worked out .
Other Metal Gear Solid have certainly appeared on other platforms — Microsoft platforms , even .
But Hideo Kojima does a good job of explaining how MGS4 was developed especially for the PS3 :
We had started to work on Metal Gear Solid 4 four years ago after finishing Metal Gear Solid 3 .
At that time , we really did n't know what the PS3 was going to be like .
So the first two years was all about experimenting , developing and trail and error .
In the last two years , we 've known what the PS3 is capable of , the specifications of it and how we can use utlitilize it .
We finished the plot and built the game .
The PS3 is a monster machine .
That is why it 's taken so much time to create MGS4 ...
Since we were developing only for the Sony format , of course Sony has given up lots of advantages before the official release of the hardware .
So we had many meetings with them to discuss the specifications , and we analyzed this black box quite a lot before it was released , and we experimented with it .
And we gave Sony a lot of feedback , like " Can we do this ? " or " Can we do that ? "
Advertisement
See ?
The two are totally linked .
Hit the link below for the full interview clip , where Kojima says how he thinks the game controller , keyboard and mouse and the Wii - mote - type controller will all be around for a long time .
And what does the future hold ?
Better backgrounds , says Kojima .
Hideo Kojima 's future of gaming [ BBC Thanks , Mel ! ]
What You Didn't Know about the Stanford Prison Experiment The Stanford Prison Experiment , said to have proven that evil environments produce evil behavior , was completely unscientific and unreliable .
by Brian Dunning Filed under General Science Skeptoid Podcast # 102
May 27 , 2008
Podcast transcript | Subscribe Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4102.mp3
It was 1971 when the prisoner , emotionally drained , sleep deprived , chained , and dehumanized in his rough muslin smock was thrown into a tiny dark closet by the cruel guard nicknamed John Wayne , to endure solitary confinement without food or bathroom privileges .
You might think this scene was from Hanoi in Vietnam , or at best a military prison in the United States .
You 'd be close .
This brutal activity was funded by the United States Navy , which was interested in learning more about the psychological mechanisms in a prison environment .
It took place at Stanford University in California , and the prisoner had done nothing wrong other than to volunteer for a research project .
This was the infamous Stanford Prison Experiment , conducted by professor of psychology Dr. Philip Zimbardo .
Philip Zimbardo grew up in what he describes as a " South Bronx ghetto " , and as a boy watched his close friends engage in acts of violence , abuse drugs , and wind up in jail .
He grew fascinated by the question of why good people do bad things , and became convinced from a very young age that bad environments tend to poison the people placed into them .
Put a good person into an evil situation , and that person will become evil .
He later wrote :
To investigate this I created an experiment .
We took women students at New York University and made them anonymous .
We put them in hoods , put them in the dark , took away their names , gave them numbers , and put them in small groups .
And sure enough , within half an hour those sweet women were giving painful electric shocks to other women within an experimental setting ...
Any situation that makes you anonymous and gives permission for aggression will bring out the beast in most people .
That was the start of my interest in showing how easy it is to get good people to do things they say they would never do .
From his body of work , it is easy to conclude that he was actively interested in justifying a preconceived notion :
That good people will become evil if you put them into an evil environment .
About a decade after getting his Ph.D. in psychology from Yale , Zimbardo went to Stanford University , where he got tenure and then set about planning the experiment that was to define his career .
24 students were recruited for a two - week experiment for which they would each receive $ 15 per day .
They were randomly assigned to be either prison guards or inmates .
The prisoners were surprised to be picked up unexpectedly at their homes by real Palo Alto police officers .
They were roughly hustled to their new home , stripped , deloused , and put into rough muslin smocks with no underwear .
Zimbardo described it :
The question there was , what happens when you put good people in an evil place ?
We put good , ordinary college students in a very realistic , prison - like setting in the basement of the psychology department at Stanford .
We dehumanized the prisoners , gave them numbers , and took away their identity .
We also deindividuated the guards , calling them Mr. Correctional Officer , putting them in khaki uniforms , and giving them silver reflecting sunglasses like in the movie Cool Hand Luke .
Essentially , we translated the anonymity of Lord of the Flies into a setting where we could observe exactly what happened from moment to moment .
The results have become legendary .
Some of the guards seemed to relish their newfound authority a little too much , becoming sadistic , and working extra hours just for fun .
The torment they put on the prisoners was real .
Some began showing physical manifestations of stress and psychological trauma , to the point that one third of them had to be removed from the experiment early .
In fact , it got so bad that Zimbardo decided to end the experiment after only six days , less than half the planned duration .
Zimbardo 's conclusion was clear .
Good , ordinary college students willingly became sadistic tormentors , simply because they were given the permission , the means , and the expectation of doing so .
The Stanford Prison Experiment , and this well - publicized result , became a permanent fixture in the popular conception of psychology .
The problem is that a lot of the psychology community disagrees with his findings .
Some found that any results were rendered meaningless by insufficient controls .
Some have problems with his analysis of the results , reaching a different conclusion based on the same data .
Some found the sample population invalidated by selection biases , or the size of the sample inadequate for statistically useful results .
Some found methodological flaws that tainted the participants ' behavior .
Let 's look at some of these criticisms in closer detail .
First , the issue of selection bias .
Selection bias is where you choose your subjects in such a way that they are not truly representative of the general population .
In this case , Zimbardo advertised to students to participate in an experiment about " prison life " .
Clearly , a large segment of the general population would be repulsed by such a concept , and you 've got to have questions about anyone attracted to that idea .
Thus , all applicants to the Stanford Prison Experiment were preselected for comfort with the idea of " prison life " .
Most of the Stanford guards did not exhibit any cruel or unusual behavior , often being friendly and doing favors for the prisoners .
The most notorious guard , nicknamed John Wayne , explained that he was simply trying to emulate Strother Martin 's character from Cool Hand Luke .
Other analysts have found it difficult to support Zimbardo 's conclusions , since the allegedly poisonous environment did not affect most participants , and the most notorious participant explained that his motivation came from a completely different source .
Zimbardo himself was also criticized for actively participating in the experiment as one of the characters .
He was the prison superintendent .
Although he may have restrained himself from having any influence on the experiment , the fact that he put himself in the position of ultimate active authority over the guards ' behavior calls this into question .
Many designers of such experiments would summarily throw out such a study based on this alone .
Some researchers have also questioned why Zimbardo neglected the effect of individual personalities , instead generally attributing all behavior to the prison environment .
How did John Wayne 's behavior as a guard compare to his behavior outside the experiment ?
Was he generally a friendly guy , or might he already have been a royal jerk ?
We do n't know , so there was insufficient data to conclude that his behavior was changed by the experiment .
The statistical validity of the sample of participants , 24 male Stanford students of about the same age , has been called into question as being too small and restrictive to be generally applicable to the population at large .
I have one other issue with Zimbardo 's results that I did n't find anyone else raising , and it goes back to my 15 - point checklist in Skeptoid # 37 , How to Spot Pseudoscience .
Zimbardo has dedicated much of his career to the promotion of the idea that bad environments drive bad behavior .
I tend to be cautious of claims coming from sources dedicated to promoting them .
The scientific method starts with a null hypothesis , not with a preconceived notion to justify ; and that process invariably produces data that do not support the conclusion , and theories tend to change over time as a result .
By my analysis , Zimbardo appears to be cherrypicking his results to justify the same conclusion that he has been promoting throughout his career .
This does n't make him wrong , it just gives me cause for skepticism .
Finally ,
It 's worth mentioning that by today 's standards , the Stanford Prison Experiment was unethical and could never be performed in the United States .
However , this point is not relevant to the validity of the results , and in any event , it was perfectly legal at the time .
Dr. Zimbardo and the Stanford Experiment came into the news again in 2004 , following the Abu Ghraib prison scandal in Iraq .
American prison guards were accused of cruelty to Iraqi prisoners — the great Naked Human Pyramidgate scandal .
A number of soldiers and senior officers were court martialed and imprisoned or demoted .
The prosecutors claimed that " a few bad apples " were responsible .
The defense disagreed , and called in Dr. Zimbardo as an expert witness to testify that it was the environment that was responsible , not the individuals .
" You ca n't be a sweet cucumber in a vinegar barrel , " he famously said .
The court disagreed , finding ( rightly , as many would say ) that individuals must be held accountable for their own actions , and the few bad apples went to jail .
Dr. Zimbardo then wrote the book The Lucifer Effect , drawing further parallels between his prison experiment and the Abu Ghraib scandal .
Psychology is complicated , and there will probably never be a perfect theory explaining all human behavior ; so people should never assign too much significance to the results of any given experiment like the Stanford Prison Experiment .
And , when an experiment receives a large amount of scholarly criticism from mainstream science , as this one did , you have very good reason to look past its portrayal in the popular media and , instead , be skeptical .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
Please contact us with any corrections or feedback .
Shop apparel , books , & closeouts
Cite this article :
Dunning , B. " What You Did n't Know about the Stanford Prison Experiment . "
Skeptoid Podcast .
Skeptoid Media , 27 May 2008 .
Web. 29 Sep 2020 .
< https://skeptoid.com/episodes/4102>
References & Further Reading Brannigan , A. The Rise and Fall of Social Psychology : The Use and Misuse of the Experimental Method .
New York : Aldine de Gruyter , 2004 . 37-39 .
Brockman , John .
" You ca n't be a sweet cucumber in a vinegar barrel : A talk with Philip Zimbardo . "
Edge : The Third Culture .
Edge Foundation , Inc. , 19 Jan. 2005 .
Web. 24 Apr. 2008 .
< http://www.edge.org/3rd_culture/zimbardo05/zimbardo05_index.html>
Carnahan T. , McFarland S. " Revisiting the Stanford prison experiment : Could participant self - selection have led to the cruelty ? "
Personality and social psychology bulletin .
1 May 2007 , Volume 33 , Number 5 : 603-614 .
Haney , C. , Banks , C. , Zimbardo , P. " Interpersonal dynamics in a simulated prison . "
International Journal of Criminology & Penology .
1 Feb. 1973 , Volume 1 , Number 1 : 69 - 97 .
Reicher , S. , Haslam , S. A . " Rethinking the psychology of tyranny : The BBC prison study . "
British Journal of Social Psychology .
1 Mar. 2006 , Volume 45 , Number 1 : 1 - 40 .
Zimbardo , P. The Lucifer Effect : Understanding How Good People Turn Evil .
New York : Random House , 2008 .
Copyright © 2020 Skeptoid Media , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
Rights and reuse information
By JR Raphael
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
I think I may have found the perfect — albeit , somewhat unlikely — match .
I ’m a musician , a drummer with more funk than Flavor Flav after a week without showers .
But I also live in an apartment , which makes drumming a bit difficult — at least , unless I want to get shot by my neighbors .
I ’ve discovered my solution , though , and it ’s got great geek appeal whether you ’re a musician or not .
So I propose to you the perfect match : gadgets and rock ‘ n ’ roll .
Quiet Noise
When I realized I would n’t be able to pound the skins in my current abode , I started searching for other options .
Sure , you can play on practice pads — they ’re great for working on technique — but that only goes so far .
I wanted to capture the feel and the sound of a real , hardcore drum kit — just in a way that no one else would have to hear .
Then I discovered the world of virtual drumming .
Now , I ’m not talking Technotronic - era beat machines .
I ’m talking high - tech , studio - quality machines that could convince you you ’re sitting behind Tommy Lee ’s rig .
Let me give you a tour .
The Electronic Experience
There are several major manufacturers and models around , but I ’ll focus on the one I know : the Roland V - Drums .
I have the TD - 12 model .
From a distance , they look like a regular drum kit .
When you get up - close , though , they appear more like a futuristic factory of sorts — and they have the same level of power .
The configuration will be familiar to anyone who ’s played a standard drum kit .
You have a snare in front of you , a couple of toms , a ride and crash cymbal , a hi-hat cymbal , and a kick drum attached to a normal pedal .
Of course , the main difference is that hitting any of these surfaces produces only a minimal sound .
The heads of the drums are made of mesh and the cymbals of a kind of rubber .
The wires , though , connect all these contraptions to a centralized “ brain ” that interprets your strikes and turns them into sounds .
The drums can actually detect how hard and where on the drum or cymbal you ’re hitting — and then translate accordingly to produce the same kind of sound your movements would on an acoustic kit .
The sound comes through either headphones or an amplifier that you plug - in to the computer .
Virtual Versatility
The coolest part , aside from the practical function , is the customization .
With a few clicks and tweaks , you can change from a standard rock drum kit to an expensive jazz setup , from a marching band rig to an African percussion collection .
The combinations are infinite .
You can configure any part of any drum or cymbal to have any almost sound imaginable , and you can define every nuance of that sound and how it responds to your touch .
My kit has room for 50 different settings , so with the touch of one button , I can toggle between any number of different configurations .
That makes the kit great not only for practice , but also for playing .
You do lose a bit of the warmth and body of an acoustic kit — obviously , you are n’t going to feel the same kind of vibration as when you bang a loud drum — but you gain a kind of versatility that would cost thousands to create in any non-electronic setting .
Want to throw a cowbell into your kit ?
No problem .
Need a gong ?
You got it .
Even oddities like whistle sounds and clapping can be arranged .
Real - World Rocking
You might be wondering if these things are limited to electronics nerds sitting in apartments with headphones on .
There are some of those — especially sexy ones with initial - based first names — but there are plenty of real - world rockers putting this technology to use , too .
Drumming legend and Rush member Neil Peart rocks the virtual kit .
Other well - known names in the world of percussion like Gregg Bissonette , Thomas Lang , and Jason Bittner also go for the electronic experience .
And remember Rick Allen , the Def Leppard drummer who lost an arm ?
He uses all electronics to play single handedly these days .
Tons of other famous drummers incorporate the technology into their regular kits , too .
Look closely next time you ’re watching and you just might see some mesh surfaces mixed in with the regular drums .
Now , it should be mentioned that these kits are n’t cheap .
You ’ll definitely pay more for a good electronics kit than you would for a basic acoustic one — somewhere in the ballpark of a thousand dollars , depending on the model and how many bells and whistles you add on .
But for a drummer with an appreciation for electronics — or with a need to keep noise to a minimum — they bring the best of both worlds together and open up your playing to a whole new set of experiences .
Oh , and they also seem to impress chicks .
Take that , Tommy Lee .
Republicans Block Tax Increases on Oil Companies
Yesterday the Republicans blocked a measure by Democrats to impose a 25 % tax increase on BIG OIL .
This is good news for the American people .
If the cost of oil companies doing business went up 25 % than the price of oil would have risen 25 % .
It is simple economics .
Democrats are simply playing a political game , they are staging a publicity stunt .
Nobody likes paying the high price of gas so Democrats know it is safe to “ go after ” the oil companies .
Democrats and their voters want to screw the big guy but putting additional taxes on the oil companies will not hurt BIG OIL as they will just pass the cost on to the consumers .
It is no different than any other company who is forced to raise their prices because of the rising fuel prices .
When the cost of doing business goes up so does the cost of the product .
Oil is a product and if politicians raise the cost of doing business by imposing taxes oil prices will rise .
Democrats know that their voters are blind to this fact and they hope enough frustrated Republicans will join them in this endeavor .
Thankfully we had enough Republicans in the senate to nix this whole disaterous idea .
“ The biggest hit would n’t be to the energy companies , ” McConnell added regarding the Consumer - First Energy Act .
“ It would be the American consumer , who now dreads pulling his or her car into the gas station . ”
This is simple economics but it amazes me how many people are ignorant of the concept .
Just peruse the left wing blogs and sites like Digg and you will see the hatred and animosity for the Republicans that blocked this measure .
The floating theory of coarse is that Republicans are in bed with the oil companies .
These people do n’t even realize that the Republicans just saved them from a 25 % increase in fuel costs .
In fact it is the left wing enviro - nazis that refuse to let us drill for our own oil that is keeping us dependent on foreign oil .
It is time for us to use our own resources and stop relying on other countries to give us the same product that we are just sitting on .
There is this concept called supply and demand , it works like this ; if there is high demand but low supply , the price goes up .
If there is high supply but lower demand the price goes down .
So , if there is more oil the price will go down .
If we drill for more oil the price will go down .
I apologize for having to explain simple supply and demand economics but there are obviously too many people out there who do not understand it .
Perhaps this is the result of the left wing ideology that is being taught in our public schools and institutions .
If Democrats really wanted to save the citizens from the high price of gas they would n’t be raising taxes on oil , they would be looking at ways to obtain more oil .
Fuck the polar bears .
Advertisements
A new poll of the state of Connecticut released today by Quinnipiac University shows Barack Obama leading John McCain , 56 % - 35 % .
This poll is in line with a growing state by state trend towards double digit leads for Barack Obama .
As has been the same in states like Pennsylvania , Michigan , Wisconsin , Ohio , Massachusetts , New Mexico , and Minnesota , Obama leads McCain among all age groups in Connecticut .
He leads McCain 68 % - 26 % with voters age 18 - 34 , 54%-38 % with voters age 35 - 54 , and 53%- 38 % with voters over 55 .
Voters in the state felt that war ( 74 % - 18 % ) and the economy ( 55 % - 36 % ) were the two most important issues in this election .
Men favor Obama by a margin of five points , 50 % - 45 % , while women give the Democrat a nineteen point lead , 55 % - 36 % .
Those without college degrees favor Obama , 50 % - 42 % .
Twenty percent of those who voted for President Bush in 2004 said that they will be supporting Obama this time .
McCain ’s support among registered voters has plummeted in Connecticut .
In February of 2007 , Obama lead McCain 43%- 38 % , but Obama picked up fifteen points since , and now leads 52 % - 32 % .
Advertisements
The key factor dragging McCain down in most of these polls has been President Bush .
In Connecticut , Bush has a 19 % approval rating .
Because McCain has aligned himself with the president , his approval rating has fallen to 46 % , which is fifteen points lower than Obama .
In terms of running mates , 53 % of those surveyed said that Obama should not choose Hillary Clinton as his running mate .
Interestingly for McCain , adding Joe Lieberman to the ticket actually costs him support in Lieberman ’s home state .
Only 14 % of respondents said that adding Lieberman to the ticket would make them more likely to vote for McCain , but 32 % said that adding Lieberman would make it less likely that they would support McCain .
This makes sense in the context that most of Lieberman ’s support in the state is Republican , and thus , already likely to vote McCain .
Because of the close popular vote totals in the last two presidential elections , I do n’t believe that national polls have much significance .
Where one can best observe trends developing is by looking at the individual states .
So far , the state polls reveal a strong trend with women and older voters moving towards Obama in big numbers .
The primary reasons for this move are the unpopularity of George W. Bush and the nation ’s economic struggles .
Every time John McCain moves closer to George W. Bush on any issue , he loses support .
George W. Bush has shrunk national support for the Republican Party .
McCain needs to be pro-Bush to appease the base , but for every one vote he gains among Republicans , he loses three nationally .
McCain might survive this election , but he is facing a political juggernaut in Obama , who has the mood of the nation behind him .
I suspect that as this campaign goes along the trend away from McCain will continue to grow .
Complete Poll Numbers
— A marijuana eradication effort in western Harnett County turned up an estimated $ 84 million in plants growing in a wooded area near Broadway , authorities said Wednesday .
With assistance from a state Highway Patrol helicopter , Harnett County deputies , State Bureau of Investigation agents and members of the North Carolina National Guard Drug Team located eight plots off Womack Road that contained a total of 35,000 marijuana plants , authorities said .
The plants were 1 to 4 feet high and were worth an estimated $ 84 million , authorities said .
No arrests had been made as of Tuesday morning , but authorities said investigators seized equipment to water and fertilize the plants and to protect them from animals and insects .
An idle diary .
Reviews , Views and a glimpse behind the Interviews .
My squint at the world ... for what it 's worth .
Yahoo's hostility towards its purchase by Microsoft did n't only hurt feelings in Redmond .
A number of shareholders were hoping for a sale at a significant premium over Yahoo's trading price and , with the collapse of the deal , at least one class - action lawsuit has erupted .
The law firm managing the suit on behalf of various Detroit governmental retirement funds has been placing the relevant documents online and , thanks to a ruling issued earlier today , they 've placed an unsealed complaint ( PDF ) online that contains internal e-mails detailing Yahoo's attempts to scuttle any deal with Microsoft .
The document 's release came over the objections of Yahoo .
The lawsuit is based on the assertion that selling out to Microsoft is in the best interest of shareholders , who would have received a premium share price for a company that 's become search 's perpetual second - place finisher .
It turns out that Yahoo had several opportunities to cut such a deal , as discovery has uncovered two offers a year from Microsoft dating back to 2006 , including one from January 2007 that valued Yahoo at $ 40 a share .
At the time , the stock was worth less than $ 30 a share .
Publicly , Yahoo management , including its board , did n't see any of these past overtures as sufficient .
Once Microsoft went public with an offer , that same management tried to extract a higher buyout price from them , which could be construed as acting in the interest of its shareholders .
The suit alleges , however , that nobody at Yahoo was ever interested in an agreement , and that the firm 's leadership did its best to prevent the deal going through .
To that end , it paints Jerry Yang and David Filo , who have an emotional attachment to the company they founded , as the worst people to be heading Yahoo 's negotiating team .
It also suggests Yang has an irrational hatred of his long - time competitors from Redmond .
Yahoo's board is portrayed as the embodiment of complacency , as it failed to demand independent evaluation of the actions taken by Yang and simply handed him the reins .
Although the suit clearly benefits from presenting a negative picture of the management 's actions , it 's one that appears to be consistent with press accounts of the negotiations , many of which are cited in the suit .
MS : " They are going to burn the furniture if we go hostile . "
What 's new about the documents released today is that they detail some of the measures the management took to ensure Microsoft did n't pursue a hostile bid .
Most companies , when faced with the threat of a buyout they do n't want , make arrangements so that the buyout would entail additional costs .
The approach is called a poison pill — swallow the company , take the poison .
In this case , the pill included a series of measures that would make it more financially lucrative for Yahoo employees to leave the company postmerger , meaning Microsoft would n't be getting all that it paid for .
Part of the expense would come from accelerated vesting of stock options .
In short , if the buyout went through , anyone with outstanding stock grants would have all of them vest immediately .
The e-mails included in the document contain a succinct response to this from an outside compensation consultant : " That 's nuts . "
The suit suggests that Microsoft had set aside approximately $ 1.5 billion beyond the purchase cost to help retain Yahoo employees ; the cost of the stock plan is estimated to have been roughly equivalent .
But Yahoo was n't done .
They added an employment clause such that any change in job responsibilities up to two years after the merger that resulted in a " substantial adverse alteration " of an employee 's position would enable the employee to quit and receive a substantial severance package .
The result of this change , the suit claims , is that it would be more lucrative for most employees to leave , forcing Microsoft to spend enough to match the severance benefits .
The law firm estimates the total costs of these measures for Microsoft at $ 2.1 billion , given their offer of $ 31 a share for Yahoo .
Negotiations later raised that figure to $ 35 a share , which would have upped the cost to $ 2.4 billion .
Interestingly enough , back in January 2007 , Microsoft floated a $ 40 - per - share price to then CEO Terry Semel , which he rejected , according to the filing .
At the time , one Microsoft executive involved in the negotiations suggested that , " They [ Yahoo ] are going to burn the furniture if we go hostile . "
The documents leave little doubt that this was an accurate assessment .
The suit also notes that Yahoo took steps to complicate a non-hostile deal , such as launching a partnership with Google that would lead to inevitable antitrust worries .
The suit suggests that this deal was part of a mindless " anyone but Microsoft " strategy , as it quotes Yang as describing advertising as a part of Yahoo 's growth plan .
Elsewhere , Yang suggested adopting Google for Yahoo's search as a bad idea because it would create , " an effective monopoly . "
With both hostile and amicable buyout options looking unpleasant , Microsoft was left little choice but to back out .
This does n't mean that the shareholder case is so clear - cut .
Yahoo will undoubtedly argue that remaining independent was in the best interests of its shareholders , and it seems quite probable that some of their management passionately believed this .
" Has a footballer ever been arrested on the field of play ? " asks Phillip Brown .
In 2005 , police swooped on the Quilmes defender Leandro Desábato at the final whistle of his team 's 3 - 1 Copa Libertadores defeat to São Paulo .
Desábato , it was alleged , had racially slandered opposition striker Grafite and was summarily hauled off to a local police station for questioning .
" There 's no need for all this chaos , " complained the Quilmes coach Gustavo Alfaro after the game .
" A football match should start and finish on the pitch .
This has all been handled in the wrong way .
It was an unnecessary spectacle [ for the police ] to come on to the field in front of 50,000 or 60,000 people when the player 's pulse - rate is still high .
He 's just lost a game . "
Desábato was released on £ 2,000 bail after spending a night in the cells , but no charges were ever brought against him .
The Botafogo defender Andre Luis was also dragged off the field by riot police during a Brazilian championship match at Nautico in June 2008 .
Luis , sent off for a second booking , reacted furiously to the decision , antagonising opposition fans and sparking a free - for - all among the players .
Officers eventually arrested the defender , but not before pepper - spraying his brawling team - mates and opponents .
" Footballers are not bandits , and are not to be kicked and punched .
This has to stop , " raged the Botafogo president Bebeto de Freitas , who was also arrested .
" The player was wrong , he will be punished and suspended .
What is not acceptable is for him to have pepper in his face or be prodded in the back with a truncheon . "
Both Luis and De Freitas were released after questioning , although the player was subsequently handed a 12 - match ban by the Court of Sports Justice .
Back in England , the Droylsden FC forward Paddi Wilson also felt the long arm of the law while he was warming up ahead of an FA Trophy tie against Ashton in 2002 .
Greater Manchester police arrived on the scene and was accompanied to the changing rooms for questioning , before being taken to the local nick .
" Patrick Wilson was arrested on failing to appear in court in connection with outstanding road traffic offences , " confirmed a spokesman for the force .
Droylsden went on to win the game 2 - 1 .
Any more for any more ?
Let us know at the usual address .
BRACE YOURSELVES
" At the end of last season Luca Toni scored two goals in four consecutive games : against Getafe in the Uefa Cup , Borussia Dortmund and Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga , and then two more against Dortmund in the German cup final , " wrote Vazha Khutsishvili from Tbilisi , a month or two back .
" Has anyone managed the same feat ? "
Toni spent much of Euro 2008 helping people forget about his striking prowess in the Bundesliga , but his goalscoring streak is n't matched by many .
Ben Fuggles reckons Yeovil Town 's Howard Forinton deserves more than a passing mention for scoring six braces in seven games ( including four in consecutive matches against Staines Town , Sutton United , Purfleet and Oxford City ) as the Glovers romped to the title in the 1996 - 97 season in the Isthmian Premier .
If we go back 80 - odd years , and allow for rather large gaps between the matches , William Ralph Dixie Dean scored two goals or more in five successive games for England in 1927 : two goals against Wales in February ; another brace against Scotland in April ; a hat - trick against Belgium the following month ; three more goals against Luxembourg in May ; and a final brace against France two weeks later .
A thank you to Paul Jason Haynes for that .
And Geoff Hooton also asks us to engage in a bit of time - travel .
George Camsell went on an amazing scoring run for Middlesbrough in the old Second Division in 1926 - 27 .
In 12 consecutive league games , starting on October 16 and finishing on New Year 's Day 1927 , Camsell scoring run went : 1 , 1 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 2 , 3 - a total of 29 goals .
In fact , during that season Camsell scored 59 goals in 37 league games to set a new Football League record .
Is George Camsell 's scoring streak the most prolific striking spell ever ?
Email us at knowledge@theguardian.com if you know someone who can beat it .
MOST CAPPED CAPTAINS ( 2 )
Last week we suggested Gheorghe Hagi and Paolo Maldini as most capped opposing captains with a combined total of 234 in the Euro 2000 quarter - final between Romania and Italy .
But that mark was broken at this summer 's tournament when Holland trounced the French in their Group C encounter a fortnight ago .
Step forward skippers Lilian Thuram ( winning his 141st , and penultimate , cap ) and Edwin van der Sar ( picking up his 127th ) , who therefore managed 268 caps between them .
Thanks to Gouke van Drooge , Kiran Emrich and Sean O'Neill for the update .
KNOWLEDGE ARCHIVE
" Zambian Laughter Chilembe has played in Zimbabwe for Caps United FC , while I also know about Suprise Moriri from Mamelodi Sundowns in South Africa , " wrote Tinashe Mutsungi Shoko , back in those halcyon days of 2007 .
" But my favourite is one called Have - A - Look Dube playing for Njube Sundowns here in Zimbabwe !
Any more strange / funny / good / ridiculous football names anyone can dredge up ? "
" A quick look reveals some other odd - named players plying their trade in Zimbabwean football for Caps United , " begins Mark Baker .
" Givemore Manuella , Gift Makolonio and Method Mwanyazi are great names , but they pale into comparison beside Limited Chicafa and the outstandingly - named Danger Fourpence . "
Staying in Africa , there 's also Stephen Sunny Sunday , who plays for Polideportivo Ejido , and South Africa 's Naughty Mokoena and Tonic Chabalala .
" Surely there can't be any stranger than Austrian side SC Schwanenstadt 's marauding midfielder Osa Guobadia ? " offers Andy Ferguson , who 'll have to do better than that .
" He has the name Ice Cream on the back of his shirt . "
More like it .
A very popular suggestion was Brazilian forward Creedence Clearwater Couto , whose parents were - fortunately - big fans of the American songsters , while there were also calls for former England internationals Harry Daft and Segar Bastard ( who , incidentally , refereed an FA Cup final , played cricket for Essex and owned a racehorse ) .
However , it would be remiss of us to ignore Anthony Philip David Terry Frank Donald Stanley Gerry Gordon Stephen James Oatway - Charlie to his friends ( " I 'm named after the QPR 1972 - 73 promotion - winning team for those of you that have been on the moon all the time I 've been at [ Brighton ] " ) - or three of our favourites : Australian keeper Norman Conquest , Seychelles star Johnny Moustache , and Congolese striker Bongo Christ .
Can you help ?
" Does any top player have a more impressive collection of runners - up medals than Michael Ballack ? " asks Tobin Dunn .
" The Uruguayan championship 2007 - 08 started on August 18 2007 , and finished last Wednesday with Defensor Sporting crowned champions .
Now , a mini-league with the top six teams will be played to see which teams will play the international competitions .
It will end on July 20 .
That means the season will be 11 months and two days long .
Which makes me wonder , has there ever been a longer season ? " wonders Pablo Miguez .
Send your questions to knowledge@theguardian.com
Angelina Jolie Gets Boot from St. John ( Photos )
has been the face of St. John knitwear for three years .
Her iconic black and white photographs have been the cornerstone of their ad campaign .
That relationship has ended and the fashion house has decided to go in another direction .
The $ 400 million knitwear giant will use four new faces , all up - and - coming fashion models .
The new ads will consist of four color vignettes shot at night in New York City locations , including Times Square and Central Park .
Each will capture a specific color palette and group , from day wear to cocktail to evening .
The ads will launch in the August issue of Vanity Fair .
St. John 's CEO Glenn McMahon said of the decision :
Three years is a long time to maintain any campaign , and we felt it was time to do something new and different . ”
The news will not come as a crushing blow to actress Angelina Jolie , who is nearing her due date and will be giving birth to twins early this summer .
She and partnerare already parents to Maddox , 6 , Pax , 4 , Zahara , 3 and Shiloh , 2 .
Check out more photos below .
Check out Brad and Angie 's Chateau Miraval near the French Riviera .
This is a first for the List Universe – a cooking topic .
This list will teach you 10 very basic cooking tips to guarantee restaurant level perfection every time .
The basis for most of these methods is from the French technique .
10 How to boil an egg
The perfect hard - boiled egg should have a moist and bright center – it should not be pale yellow and powdery and there should definitely be no signs of green around it ( this signifies overcooking ) .
To perfectly boil an egg , you need a pot which is large enough to hold the number of eggs you want to cook without them touching – but do not let it be so big that the eggs can move around the pot .
Fill it with just enough water that the eggs will just be covered when you add them .
Bring the water to the boil and add the eggs one by one with a spoon so that you do n’t crack the shells .
Set a timer for 8 minutes .
After exactly eight minutes take the eggs off and run cold water into the pot until the eggs are completely cold ( this stops the cooking process ) .
You will now have perfect hard boiled eggs .
To cook something savory , you need love , care , and the right tools .
Buy a Nonstick Ceramic Cookware Set at Amazon.com !
9 How to scramble an egg
Advertisement
The best type of scrambled eggs , in my opinion , is French style – the French style is much more like a sauce than the English style which is usually dry .
In the early days of this method , the chef would use a double - boiler to cook the eggs so that the result was like custard .
The method here is faster and has more body .
You can use 2 - 4 eggs per person depending on how hungry people are .
In a large pot put a knob of butter ( between 25 - 40 grams ) and turn the heat on low .
While the butter is melting , crack your eggs in to a bowl .
Once the butter has fully melted ( it should not be bubbling or the heat is too high ) add a large pinch of salt and ground pepper to the eggs and mix with a fork until just combined ( do n’t overmix the eggs ) .
Do not add anything else to the eggs at this time .
Pour the egg mixture in to the pot and stir constantly .
If the mixture does not seem to be thickening you can turn the heat up just a little .
You should soon start to see curds appearing which are the parts of the egg that have cooked .
keep mixing at a moderate pace until almost all of the egg has changed to curds .
There should still be a small amount of runny egg left .
Take it off the heat immediately .
Add another knob of butter and stir until it is melted , then add 3 - 4 tablespoons of cream ( you can use more if you prefer the eggs slightly runnier ) .
Taste for salt and if needed , add more .
You should be able to pour this thick mixture .
8 How to make an omelette
There is really only one rule with an omelette – it must not brown .
For one omelette take a small sized pan and melt a small knob of butter in it .
Turn the heat to medium low .
While the butter is melting , crack your eggs in to a bowl , add a good pinch of salt and pepper and mix until only just combined ( do not overmix ) .
When the butter has melted and is just beginning to sizzle , pour the egg mix in to the pan .
Using a soft utensil like a wooden spoon , stir the omelette the whole time , breaking up any curds that form .
When you have only a little runny egg left on the top take the pan off the heat and put it under the grill .
Grill until the top has dried completely but has not browned .
Remove from the grill , fold the omelette in half and slide on to the serving plate .
You can add additional toppings before putting it under the grill if you wish , and you can also drizzle a little cream over the top at the same time .
7 How to cook pasta
Pasta is a very simple dish that can be prepared very quickly .
This technique of cooking will give you perfect pasta without spills .
Take a very large pot – a stock pot is ideal .
Half fill it with water and add enough salt that when you taste the water it tastes like the sea ( this is a lot of salt , but it is necessary to bring out the flavor in the pasta – it is the way pasta is cooked in Italy ) .
Do not add oil or anything else to the water .
Put the pot on to boil .
When the water is boiling vigorously , add the pasta .
You may need to give the pasta a bit of a stir from time to time , to make sure it does n’t stick together .
Each type of pasta takes a different time to cook ( though it is generally between 8 and ten minutes ) – you should find instructions for timing on the packet .
Use that timing but start to check the pasta two minutes before the time is up because packet instructions often put a longer time than is needed .
To test the pasta remove a single piece and bite it – if it is soft on the outside with a firm ( but not crunchy ) centre , it is ready ( this is called the al dente stage ) .
Reserve one cup of the cooking water , then strain the pasta but do not rinse it and do not strain it dry .
An easy way to serve this ( which is popular in Italy ) is to mix a good sized knob of butter with the pasta and serve it with parmesan cheese .
If you are using a sauce , you can add some of the reserved water to it for added flavour .
6 How to cook perfect steak
This is the French method which is always rarer than non-French methods .
You need a good heavy bottomed pan or grill and you need to put it on a fiery hot heat .
You should use a nice thick cut of steak ( I am presuming you are using at least a 2 cm thick slice ) .
Lightly salt and pepper the steak on both sides .
If you are using a grill , brush the steak with oil , otherwise the rest of the technique is the same .
To your hot pan add a tablespoon or two of vegetable oil ( it should be just enough to coat the pan – you do n’t want to boil the steak in oil ) .
Add a good sized knob of butter to the oil .
It should sizzle .
Ensure the bottom of the pan is well coated with maybe 1 or 2 millimeters of butter .
Add your steak to the pan and do not touch it .
It must not be moved in the pan while it is cooking .
This will give you a nice crisp on the outside of the meat .
Cooking times are :
Bleu ( very rare – the best way to eat steak ) : 1 minutes on each side
Rare : 2 - 3 minutes on each side
Medium : 4 minutes on each side
Well - done : 5 - 6 minutes on each side
Just before turning the steak , you can add another small knob of butter to the pan .
Turn the steak and , again , do not touch it until the cooking time is done .
Remove the steak from the pan , put on a plate , cover with foil and leave to rest for 3 - 5 minutes before serving .
This allows the meat fibres to relax – giving a more tender bite .
Make everyone jealous of your savory backyard grilling techniques with Easy Recipes for Summer Cooking at Amazon.com !
5 How to cook rice
Rice is , for many people , a terrifying experience but it need not be as it is actually very simple .
This recipe gives perfect fluffy rice every time .
I prefer to use Basmati rice which is a long grained white rice from India .
This recipe presumes you are using long grained white rice – it will not work with other .
This quantity will serve 3 - 4 people .
In a moderately large pot put some vegetable oil and turn on the head to medium .
When the oil is hot , add a finely diced half an onion ( you can omit the onion but not the oil ) .
Cook until it has softened .
Take a regular coffee mug and fill it to the top with rice .
Pour it into the hot onions and stir so the rice is well coated .
Fill the mug with hot water and add it to the rice – then fill the mug again and add the second cup to the rice ( rice in this method is always cooked with a ratio of 1 cup of rice to two cups of water ) .
Add plenty of salt .
If you like a nice variation you can add half a cinnamon stick to the water at this time .
Let the rice come back to the boil and put the lid on the pot .
Turn the heat down to its lowest setting and set a timer for 15 minutes .
Do not remove the lid at all during the cooking time .
After fifteen minutes , lift the lid and , using a fork , push the rice away from the side of the pot whilst tilting the pot toward you – if there is any liquid left in the pot return the lid and cook for another minute , checking every minute in the same way as just described .
When the pot has no remaining liquid , remove it from the heat , remove the lid , and cover with a cloth for 4 - 5 minutes .
That is it !
4 How to mash potatoes
This method is the French restaurant style of mashing potatoes – it will give you perfect mashed potatoes with no lumps .
Peel and halve 6 medium sized potatoes and put them in a pot so they fill the pot about 2/3 of the way .
Cover with cold water and add a very liberal amount of salt to the pot ( you should be able to taste the salt in the water ) .
Bring to the boil and partially cover the pot with a lid .
Depending on the type of potatoes you use , cooking time can range from 10 - 20 minutes .
When the potatoes are soft but not falling apart , remove them from the pot and strain all the water off immediately .
Put half to 3 / 4 of a cup of cream on the stove and bring it to the boil ( as soon as it boils turn off the heat ) .
Place the potatoes in to a sieve ( the same type you use for sieving flour ) .
Using a sturdy spoon , force the potatoes through the sieve – this is hard work but it is well worth it ) .
Once all of the potatoes have been sieved , put them back in the pot and place this on a low heat on the stove .
Add a large knob of butter ( 30 - 50 gms ) and , using a wooden spoon , mix the butter in to the potatoes .
While mixing start pouring some of the hot cream in to the mix – this will help melt the butter and adds depth of flavor and creaminess to the mash .
Use only enough cream to make the potatoes in to a thick paste .
Add a good grating of nutmeg .
Taste for seasoning and add pepper and more salt if it is needed .
Serve immediately .
3 How to roast potatoes
First of all , the best fat for roasting potatoes is goose or duck fat .
If you can not get either of these , you should try to find lard or dripping .
Peel your potatoes and cut them in to medium sized pieces ( halve small potatoes and quarter large potatoes ) .
Melt 50g of fat per 500g of potatoes in a roasting dish .
Add the potato pieces and roll them around until they are fully coated .
Season with salt and cook at the top of a preheated oven ( 190 c , 375f , gas mark 5 ) for 40 minutes .
Bast frequently with the fat until they are golden and cooked through .
Some people like to partly boil the potatoes first , tossing them in the pot until they get a fluffy outer layer .
This is perfectly fine to do but you will need to reduce your cooking time in the oven .
2 How to boil vegetables
Cooking times vary between the vegetables , but this method can be used for virtually all types .
Clean or peel ( as required ) your vegetable and cut into bite sized chunks .
Add to a pot and just cover with boiling water .
Make sure you put plenty of salt in the water .
Place the pot on a moderately - high heat and bring to the boil .
You will need to test the vegetables from time to time to check whether they are done .
The way to tell is that they should be soft but still have a crisp bite .
Green vegetables should not be turning pale green or grey .
If the vegetables are soft all the way through , they are overcooked .
Strain off the cooking water and serve immediately .
1 How to roast a chicken
Roasting a chicken well is actually a very simply task .
Add salt , pepper , one bay leaf , one crushed clove of garlic , and a small bunch of thyme to the body cavity .
Salt and pepper the outside and rub a thick coating of soft ( but not melted ) butter all over the skin .
Place the chicken breast side down in a roasting pan ( this will help to prevent drying of the breast ) .
Cook in a pre-heated oven ( 200 c , 400f , gas mark 6 ) for half the cooking time ( cooking time is determined by this formula : 15 minutes per 450g – 1lb – of chicken , plus 15 extra minutes ) .
Turn the chicken over and finish cooking it breast side up .
Once cooked , put the chicken on a warmed platter and let stand for 15 minutes before serving to allow the juices to settle and the meat to relax .
You can use a little boiling water to deglaze the pan and use this as the gravy .
This method will give you crispy skin and moist flesh .
