-//w3c//dtd html 4.01 transitional / /en " " http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd " >
human powered aircraft Vï¿½lair
Human powered flight ( in English )
This page was last updated : 5 Aug 2001
Fliegen wie ein Mensch ( in Deutsch )
Vélair 89 was the first aircraft to fly " from " Munich airport ( MUC ) runway in the summer of 1990
This was Vélair 88 during a flight in Malmsheim near Stuttgart .
Notice the old ( stiffer ) wing and rudder , and the video camera on top of the fuselage .
Vélair was built in the original version ' 88 ' and improved during the following year , the " 89 " version , mainly with a new wing ( larger , higher aspect ratio , lighter , thinner , nicer , cheaper , lower drag ... :-) )
Version Vélair 88 Vélair 89 first flight 9 August 1988 24 September 1989 its wing was later recycled for the Icaré 1 solar powered aircraft of Stuttgart University Features wing platform
number of segments double trapeze
3 pieces
cantilever rectangle / trapeze
5 pieces
cantilever seat position recumbent 40 ° " controls 3 - function cardan sidestick ( on the RH side ) " roll control ( electric ) aileron rotating wing tip yaw control push rods & cable , all flying rudder " pitch control push rods & cable with " bungee " trim , all flying elevator " Geometry Wing span 71.2 ft ( 21.7 m ) 76.1 ( 23.2 m ) Wing area 176.5 sqft ( 16.4 m² ) 183 sqft ( 17 m² ) Aspect ratio 27 31.7 Weights Empty weight 83.6 lbs ( 37.9 kg ) 67.2 lbs ( 30.5 kg )
Max take off weight 220 lbs ( 100 kg ) 220 lbs ( 100 kg ) Power loading 396 kg/ kW (!!!)
Wing loading 25.9 lbs/sqft ( 5.3 kg/m² )
Wing weight 52.5 lbs ( 23.8 kg ) 36.8 lbs ( 16.7 kg ) Propulsion prop diameter
prop speed
number of blades 8.9 ft ( 2.70 m )
190 rpm
2 blades
carbon shell with web
ground adjustable pitch " power transmission twisted chain +
carbon driveshaft " Construction Fuselage carbon sandwich space frame with Polystyrol / GFRP sandwich fairing wing spar I - beam spar : CFRP ( T300 /HYE 1048 ) caps , GFRP / Rohacell sandwich web tailored CFRP ( T800 /M10 ) tube spar wing shell GFRP / Polystyrol sandwich Polystyrol wing ribs Styrodur with carbon caps Styrofoam with balsa caps wing cover - Hostaphan wing airfoil ( thickness ) FX 63 -137 ( 13.7 % ) PF 25 ( 12.9 % ) ultimate load factor 3.0 g 3.36 g ( ultimate load , tested )
Speeds design speed 17 KEAS ( 31 km/h , 8.6 m/s ) stall speed 15 KEAS ( 27 km/ h ; 7.5 m/s ) max horizontal speed ( power limited 0.4 HP ) 22 KEAS ( 41 km/ h ; 11.4 m/s ) never exceed speed ( torsional divergence limited ) 27 KEAS ( 51 km/h ; 14.2 m/s ) Performance design power 3.75 Watt / kg pilot weight ) ( 225 W ) @ 90kg gross weight )
Take off distance ( 198 lbs /90kg , ISA , no wind ) ~ 260 ft ( ~80 m ) Rate of climb @ 0.4 HP ( 300 W ) climb power 20 ft/ min ( 0.1 m/s ) well ...
Thanks to the team
Thanks to our sponsors
Also thanks to F.J. Arendts , R.Eppler and E. Messerschmid from University of Stuttgart for their logistic ( workshop ) , scientific and morale support .
Also biggest gratitude to the industry for giving this and that :
Bakelite ( resins ) , Beiersdorf ( adhesive films ) , Blaschke Aeolite pedals , Daimler Benz ( fuselage 3 - D panel calculations , test field ) , Eurocomposites ( honeycombs ) , Fiberite ( carbon prepregs ) , Gaugler & Lutz ( Airex thermoplast foam ) , Kalle / Höchst ( Hostafan film ) , INA Schäffler ( metallic bearings ) , Grünzweig & Hartmann ( Styrodur foam ) , MBB / Donauwörth ( autoclave run ) , Mutliplex ( aileron control servos ) , Röhm ( Rohacell ) , Velotraum ( cycling shoes ) , Brodbeck ( seal tape ) , DLR ( water jet cutting machine ) , Roland Schirrmacher ( prop mold ) , Martin Siegwarth & Thorn Richter ( flight data aquisition system & sensors ) , MBB Manching , airport München , aeroport de Paris ( runways ) , Polaroid ( ultrasonic altimeter ) , university of Stuttgart ( workshop , metallic parts ) .
do I have to be a bicycle champion to fly this aircraft ?
This depends on the individual 's shape and weight .
The power required to " cruise " is about 3.75 Watt / kg body weight which can be sustained for 1...2 hours by a well trained athlete .
Try yourself on an ergometer to find out .
Typical heart rate is about 160 / minute which is not exactly relaxing , but still bears some margin to the red line .
what is the power required ?
With 90 kg gross weight about 225 Watt are required for unaccelerated horizontal flight ( this includes transmission losses and propeller efficiency ) .
Would this power be provided by a combustion engine this would correspond to a fuel consumption of 0.24 liter / 100 km ( this is a milage of 848 mpg ) !!!
what is it made of ?
The primary structure is made of carbon fiber reinforced epoxy , with custom fabricated and tailored tubes with or without a sandwich core .
Those prepreged materials have to be cooked with pressure and temperature .
The secondary structure is made of all kinds of foams , wood , and a very light cover film ( Hostaphan ) .
Genious fabrication methods were developed to enable production and make it robust .
how fast does it fly ?
The speed range is between 27 and 45 km/h ( 14...25 KEAS ) with minimum power required speed at 31 km/h ( 17 KEAS )
where can I buy one ?
Nowhere .
If you make a good offer I 'll build you your own one !
( and they get better each time )
what about wind ?
No problem as long as it is smooth and directed right on to the nose .
12 knots have been demonstrated on the Paris Air Show .
But cross wind is a show stopper .
how does it fly ?
Well , not too bad .
Pitch response is sensitive , rudder authority is OK , and roll control is kind of slow , specially during take off .
In flight it is fully stable and does not need input when correctly trimmed and if there is no turbulence .
Turns are induced with rudder and aileron , but then cross aileron ( against turning direction ) is required soon to support the inner wing .
Throttle response and spool up is pretty fast but excess power is lowsy .
Why is the wing so flexible ?
There is no gramm of material wasted , it is just stiff enough to support the fuselage and stay in an efficient shape .
As a cantilever wing with such a high aspect ratio the structural design driver is stiffness rather than strength .
That 's why the safety margin to ultimate load is ample .
how long does it take for take off ?
With no wind ca. 80 m ( 260 ft ) .
The nose wheel can be rotated off quite soon so that the take off run is on the main wheel only .
High concentration is required to keep the wings level with bad low speed roll control authority .
Of course MTO power is applied until a slight rotation of a few degrees lifts us off .
As soon as cruise altitude is reached power can be reduced .
How is the aircraft transported ?
We modified an old sailplane trailor to accomodate the large dimensions , specially the high fuselage .
The largest wing segment is 7.50 m long .
What for is this aircraft anyway ?
imagine you ride your bike at 30 km/h , then slightly pull on the sidestick and rotate to continue to ride in a couple of meter above ground level .
Now after a slight turn you float over the meadows , jump over a small fence , cross that creek ...
Is n't that a reason ?
To make fly a human body on his own low - sy power is quite a challenge .
Challenges must be addressed .
How to configure , design and make such an aircraft resulted in plenty of valuable lessons learned about configuration , layout , detail design , aerodynamics , performance , stability and control , aeroelasticity , fabrication techniques , light weight materials ... that are applicable to other high performance aircraft , specially for the cases where propulsion power is strongly limited like for high altitude aircraft that are designed to fly in the stratosphere , or for aircraft with very low fuel consumption and long endurance .
What is GFRP and CFRP ?
glass and carbon fiber reinforced plastic , using epoxy resins as a matrix .
Aramid fibers have been used as well .
Hand laminating of fabrics as well as prepreg curing of UD - layers as been applied .
Intermediate modulus carbon fibers and a low pressure low temp cure resin prepreg were used for the Vélair89 spar .
At the Interlaken Human Power Festival August 1999 .
26 January : presentation to VDI - Verein Ulm : " Fliegen wie ein Mensch "
16 March : presentation to SAMPE ( Society for the advancement of materials and process engineering ) / University of Stuttgart : " Fliegen wie ein Mensch "
Vélair on Discovery Channel : " Extreme maschines " ( Pioneer Productions )
on Discovery Channel : " Extreme maschines " ( Pioneer Productions ) Vélair at ARD Tigerentenclub : May ( including some short snapshots about Pelargos 3 and the very first flight Vélair 88 )
at ARD Tigerentenclub : May ( including some short snapshots about and the very first flight ) Spokes Festival in Leicester / UK : 28...31 July ( Airglow HPA will be on display )
HPA will be on display ) Fahrradausstellung in Nürnberg Fall 2000 ( perhaps with flight demo ) .
Whether flights will be possible depends on time on hand for the preparation , same procedure as last year .
This will be posted here in time .
12 August : Sorry , no demo flights in Nürnberg , there will be no event on an airfield .
Fliegen mit 225 Watt .
Muskelkraftflugzeuge und Anwendungen .
Deutsche Gesellschaft für Luft und Raumfahrttechnik , Oktober 1990 , Bonn .
Human powered aircraft , the limits of light weight construction : OSTIV symposium Wiener Neustadt 1989 .
The human powered aircraft Vélair : design details and result of structural , prop and flight tests .
AIAA International human powered flight symposium August 1994 , Seattle Washington , USA .
design details and result of structural , prop and flight tests .
AIAA International human powered flight symposium August 1994 , Seattle Washington , USA .
Human powered flight as a sport .
Symposium at the Royal Aeronautical Society January 1996 .
Design of aircraft with minimum required power .
Stuttgart 1990 .
Technological spin off from human powered to high altitude long endurance aircraft .
The Royal Aeronautical Society , London January 1999 .
Keith Sherwin : Man powered flight .
Model & Allied publications Argus Books ltd , Kings Langley UK , 1971 .
Morton Grosser : The gossamer Odyssey .
Houghton Mifflin Company , Boston USA , 1981 .
Gary Dorsey : The Fullness of Wings .
Viking Pinguin , New York USA , 1990 .
My flight experience with HPA's :
Keep you updated with latest posts , Subscribe Now !
What is the biggest event of this year ?
Of course , it is the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games , with another 186 days to go .
So have you seen any of the Beijing Olympic inspired gadgets ?
If no , then let take a look at this cool Lenovo - designed gadgets .
1. Beijing Olympic Torch
Here is some key facts about the Beijing Olympic Torch .
The torch is 72 centimetres high , weighs 985 grams and is made of aluminium .
The torch is of a curved surface form , with etching and anodizing being used during its production .
A torch can usually keep burning for approximately 15 minutes in conditions where the flame is 25 to 30 centimetres high in a windless environment .
The torch has been produced to withstand winds of up to 65 kilometres per hour and to stay alight in rain up to 50 mm an hour .
The flame can be identified and photographed in sunshine and areas of extreme brightness .
The fuel is propane which is in accordance with environmental guidelines .
The material of its form is recyclable .
2. Beijing Olympic Laptop , ' Xiang '
' Xiang ' , official laptop for Beijing 2008 Olympic games this summer .
Details suggests a 12.1 - inch XGA display and Intel ’s L2400 Core 2
Duo processor , price is yet unknown but believed would be something beyond market price due to the limited numbers of laptop available .
3. Beijing Olympic USB Pen Drive
Any more ?
Well , this is all Lenovo have at the moment , but there will be more gadgets revealed to public before the games starts on August .
And would you like to view the other Beijing Olympic inspired gadgets ?
I mean the unlicensed one ?
Check it out here .
Credits : Engadget
Functional Programming HOWTO ¶
Author A. M. Kuchling Release 0.32
In this document , we ’ll take a tour of Python ’s features suitable for implementing programs in a functional style .
After an introduction to the concepts of functional programming , we ’ll look at language features such as iterators and generators and relevant library modules such as itertools and functools .
Introduction ¶
This section explains the basic concept of functional programming ; if you ’re just interested in learning about Python language features , skip to the next section on Iterators .
Programming languages support decomposing problems in several different ways :
Most programming languages are procedural : programs are lists of instructions that tell the computer what to do with the program ’s input .
C , Pascal , and even Unix shells are procedural languages .
In declarative languages , you write a specification that describes the problem to be solved , and the language implementation figures out how to perform the computation efficiently .
SQL is the declarative language you ’re most likely to be familiar with ; a SQL query describes the data set you want to retrieve , and the SQL engine decides whether to scan tables or use indexes , which subclauses should be performed first , etc .
Object - oriented programs manipulate collections of objects .
Objects have internal state and support methods that query or modify this internal state in some way .
Smalltalk and Java are object - oriented languages .
C++ and Python are languages that support object - oriented programming , but do n’t force the use of object - oriented features .
Functional programming decomposes a problem into a set of functions .
Ideally , functions only take inputs and produce outputs , and do n’t have any internal state that affects the output produced for a given input .
Well - known functional languages include the ML family ( Standard ML , OCaml , and other variants ) and Haskell .
The designers of some computer languages choose to emphasize one particular approach to programming .
This often makes it difficult to write programs that use a different approach .
Other languages are multi-paradigm languages that support several different approaches .
Lisp , C++ , and Python are multi-paradigm ; you can write programs or libraries that are largely procedural , object - oriented , or functional in all of these languages .
In a large program , different sections might be written using different approaches ; the GUI might be object - oriented while the processing logic is procedural or functional , for example .
In a functional program , input flows through a set of functions .
Each function operates on its input and produces some output .
Functional style discourages functions with side effects that modify internal state or make other changes that are n’t visible in the function ’s return value .
Functions that have no side effects at all are called purely functional .
Avoiding side effects means not using data structures that get updated as a program runs ; every function ’s output must only depend on its input .
Some languages are very strict about purity and do n’t even have assignment statements such as a=3 or c = a + b , but it ’s difficult to avoid all side effects .
Printing to the screen or writing to a disk file are side effects , for example .
For example , in Python a call to the print ( ) or time . sleep ( ) function both return no useful value ; they ’re only called for their side effects of sending some text to the screen or pausing execution for a second .
Python programs written in functional style usually wo n’t go to the extreme of avoiding all I/ O or all assignments ; instead , they ’ll provide a functional - appearing interface but will use non-functional features internally .
For example , the implementation of a function will still use assignments to local variables , but wo n’t modify global variables or have other side effects .
Functional programming can be considered the opposite of object - oriented programming .
Objects are little capsules containing some internal state along with a collection of method calls that let you modify this state , and programs consist of making the right set of state changes .
Functional programming wants to avoid state changes as much as possible and works with data flowing between functions .
In Python you might combine the two approaches by writing functions that take and return instances representing objects in your application ( e- mail messages , transactions , etc. ) .
Functional design may seem like an odd constraint to work under .
Why should you avoid objects and side effects ?
There are theoretical and practical advantages to the functional style : Formal provability .
Modularity .
Composability .
Ease of debugging and testing .
Formal provability ¶
A theoretical benefit is that it ’s easier to construct a mathematical proof that a functional program is correct .
For a long time researchers have been interested in finding ways to mathematically prove programs correct .
This is different from testing a program on numerous inputs and concluding that its output is usually correct , or reading a program ’s source code and concluding that the code looks right ; the goal is instead a rigorous proof that a program produces the right result for all possible inputs .
The technique used to prove programs correct is to write down invariants , properties of the input data and of the program ’s variables that are always true .
For each line of code , you then show that if invariants X and Y are true before the line is executed , the slightly different invariants X ’ and Y’ are true after the line is executed .
This continues until you reach the end of the program , at which point the invariants should match the desired conditions on the program ’s output .
Functional programming ’s avoidance of assignments arose because assignments are difficult to handle with this technique ; assignments can break invariants that were true before the assignment without producing any new invariants that can be propagated onward .
Unfortunately , proving programs correct is largely impractical and not relevant to Python software .
Even trivial programs require proofs that are several pages long ; the proof of correctness for a moderately complicated program would be enormous , and few or none of the programs you use daily ( the Python interpreter , your XML parser , your web browser ) could be proven correct .
Even if you wrote down or generated a proof , there would then be the question of verifying the proof ; maybe there ’s an error in it , and you wrongly believe you ’ve proved the program correct .
Modularity ¶ A more practical benefit of functional programming is that it forces you to break apart your problem into small pieces .
Programs are more modular as a result .
It ’s easier to specify and write a small function that does one thing than a large function that performs a complicated transformation .
Small functions are also easier to read and to check for errors .
Ease of debugging and testing ¶
Testing and debugging a functional - style program is easier .
Debugging is simplified because functions are generally small and clearly specified .
When a program does n’t work , each function is an interface point where you can check that the data are correct .
You can look at the intermediate inputs and outputs to quickly isolate the function that ’s responsible for a bug .
Testing is easier because each function is a potential subject for a unit test .
Functions do n’t depend on system state that needs to be replicated before running a test ; instead you only have to synthesize the right input and then check that the output matches expectations .
Composability ¶
As you work on a functional - style program , you ’ll write a number of functions with varying inputs and outputs .
Some of these functions will be unavoidably specialized to a particular application , but others will be useful in a wide variety of programs .
For example , a function that takes a directory path and returns all the XML files in the directory , or a function that takes a filename and returns its contents , can be applied to many different situations .
Over time you ’ll form a personal library of utilities .
Often you ’ll assemble new programs by arranging existing functions in a new configuration and writing a few functions specialized for the current task .
Iterators ¶ I ’ll start by looking at a Python language feature that ’s an important foundation for writing functional - style programs : iterators .
An iterator is an object representing a stream of data ; this object returns the data one element at a time .
A Python iterator must support a method called __next__ ( ) that takes no arguments and always returns the next element of the stream .
If there are no more elements in the stream , __next__ ( ) must raise the StopIteration exception .
Iterators do n’t have to be finite , though ; it ’s perfectly reasonable to write an iterator that produces an infinite stream of data .
The built - in iter ( ) function takes an arbitrary object and tries to return an iterator that will return the object ’s contents or elements , raising TypeError if the object does n’t support iteration .
Several of Python ’s built - in data types support iteration , the most common being lists and dictionaries .
An object is called iterable if you can get an iterator for it .
You can experiment with the iteration interface manually : >>> L = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] >>> it = iter ( L ) >>> it <...iterator object at ...> >>> it . __next__ ( ) # same as next ( it ) 1 >>> next ( it ) 2 >>> next ( it ) 3 >>> next ( it ) Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > StopIteration >>>
Python expects iterable objects in several different contexts , the most important being the for statement .
In the statement for X in Y , Y must be an iterator or some object for which iter ( ) can create an iterator .
These two statements are equivalent : for i in iter ( obj ) : print ( i ) for i in obj : print ( i ) Iterators can be materialized as lists or tuples by using the list ( ) or tuple ( ) constructor functions : >>> L = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] >>> iterator = iter ( L ) >>> t = tuple ( iterator ) >>> t ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) Sequence unpacking also supports iterators : if you know an iterator will return N elements , you can unpack them into an N - tuple : >>> L = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] >>> iterator = iter ( L ) >>> a , b , c = iterator >>> a , b , c ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) Built - in functions such as max ( ) and min( ) can take a single iterator argument and will return the largest or smallest element .
The " in " and " not in " operators also support iterators : X in iterator is true if X is found in the stream returned by the iterator .
You ’ll run into obvious problems if the iterator is infinite ; max ( ) , min( ) will never return , and if the element X never appears in the stream , the " in " and " not in " operators wo n’t return either .
Note that you can only go forward in an iterator ; there ’s no way to get the previous element , reset the iterator , or make a copy of it .
Iterator objects can optionally provide these additional capabilities , but the iterator protocol only specifies the __next__ ( ) method .
Functions may therefore consume all of the iterator ’s output , and if you need to do something different with the same stream , you ’ll have to create a new iterator .
Data Types That Support Iterators ¶
We ’ve already seen how lists and tuples support iterators .
In fact , any Python sequence type , such as strings , will automatically support creation of an iterator .
Calling iter ( ) on a dictionary returns an iterator that will loop over the dictionary ’s keys : >>> m = { ' Jan ' : 1 , ' Feb ' : 2 , ' Mar ' : 3 , ' Apr ' : 4 , ' May ' : 5 , ' Jun ' : 6 , ... ' Jul ' : 7 , ' Aug ' : 8 , ' Sep ' : 9 , ' Oct ' : 10 , ' Nov ' : 11 , ' Dec ' : 12 } >>> for key in m : ... print ( key , m [ key ] ) Jan 1 Feb 2 Mar 3 Apr 4 May 5 Jun 6 Jul 7 Aug 8 Sep 9 Oct 10 Nov 11 Dec 12
Note that starting with Python 3.7 , dictionary iteration order is guaranteed to be the same as the insertion order .
In earlier versions , the behaviour was unspecified and could vary between implementations .
Applying iter ( ) to a dictionary always loops over the keys , but dictionaries have methods that return other iterators .
If you want to iterate over values or key / value pairs , you can explicitly call the values ( ) or items ( ) methods to get an appropriate iterator .
The dict ( ) constructor can accept an iterator that returns a finite stream of ( key , value ) tuples : >>> L = [( ' Italy ' , ' Rome ' ) , ( ' France ' , ' Paris ' ) , ( ' US ' , ' Washington DC ' ) ] >>> dict ( iter ( L ) ) {' Italy ' : ' Rome ' , ' France ' : ' Paris ' , ' US ' : ' Washington DC'} Files also support iteration by calling the readline ( ) method until there are no more lines in the file .
This means you can read each line of a file like this : for line in file : # do something for each line ...
Sets can take their contents from an iterable and let you iterate over the set ’s elements : S = { 2 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 11 , 13 } for i in S : print ( i )
Generator expressions and list comprehensions ¶
Two common operations on an iterator ’s output are 1 ) performing some operation for every element , 2 ) selecting a subset of elements that meet some condition .
For example , given a list of strings , you might want to strip off trailing whitespace from each line or extract all the strings containing a given substring .
List comprehensions and generator expressions ( short form : “ listcomps ” and “ genexps ” ) are a concise notation for such operations , borrowed from the functional programming language Haskell ( https://www.haskell.org/).
You can strip all the whitespace from a stream of strings with the following code : line_list = [ ' line 1
' , ' line 2
' , ... ]
# Generator expression -- returns iterator stripped_iter = ( line . strip ( ) for line in line_list ) # List comprehension -- returns list stripped_list = [ line . strip ( ) for line in line_list ]
You can select only certain elements by adding an " if " condition : stripped_list = [ line . strip ( ) for line in line_list if line != " " ]
With a list comprehension , you get back a Python list ; stripped_list is a list containing the resulting lines , not an iterator .
Generator expressions return an iterator that computes the values as necessary , not needing to materialize all the values at once .
This means that list comprehensions are n’t useful if you ’re working with iterators that return an infinite stream or a very large amount of data .
Generator expressions are preferable in these situations .
Generator expressions are surrounded by parentheses ( “ ( ) ” ) and list comprehensions are surrounded by square brackets ( “ [ ] ” ) .
Generator expressions have the form : ( expression for expr in sequence1 if condition1 for expr2 in sequence2 if condition2 for expr3 in sequence3 ... if condition3 for exprN in sequenceN if conditionN )
Again , for a list comprehension only the outside brackets are different ( square brackets instead of parentheses ) .
The elements of the generated output will be the successive values of expression .
The if clauses are all optional ; if present , expression is only evaluated and added to the result when condition is true .
Generator expressions always have to be written inside parentheses , but the parentheses signalling a function call also count .
If you want to create an iterator that will be immediately passed to a function you can write : obj_total = sum ( obj .
count for obj in list_all_objects ( ) )
The for ... in clauses contain the sequences to be iterated over .
The sequences do not have to be the same length , because they are iterated over from left to right , not in parallel .
For each element in sequence1 , sequence2 is looped over from the beginning .
sequence3 is then looped over for each resulting pair of elements from sequence1 and sequence2 .
To put it another way , a list comprehension or generator expression is equivalent to the following Python code : for expr1 in sequence1 : if not ( condition1 ) : continue #
Skip this element for expr2 in sequence2 : if not ( condition2 ) : continue #
Skip this element ... for exprN in sequenceN : if not ( conditionN ) : continue #
Skip this element #
Output the value of # the expression .
This means that when there are multiple for ... in clauses but no if clauses , the length of the resulting output will be equal to the product of the lengths of all the sequences .
If you have two lists of length 3 , the output list is 9 elements long : >>> seq1 = ' abc ' >>> seq2 = ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) >>> [ ( x , y ) for x in seq1 for y in seq2 ] [ ( 'a ' , 1 ) , ( 'a ' , 2 ) , ( 'a ' , 3 ) , ( 'b ' , 1 ) , ( 'b ' , 2 ) , ( 'b ' , 3 ) , ( ' c ' , 1 ) , ( ' c ' , 2 ) , ( ' c ' , 3 ) ]
To avoid introducing an ambiguity into Python ’s grammar , if expression is creating a tuple , it must be surrounded with parentheses .
The first list comprehension below is a syntax error , while the second one is correct : # Syntax error [ x , y for x in seq1 for y in seq2 ] # Correct [ ( x , y ) for x in seq1 for y in seq2 ]
Generators ¶ Generators are a special class of functions that simplify the task of writing iterators .
Regular functions compute a value and return it , but generators return an iterator that returns a stream of values .
You ’re doubtless familiar with how regular function calls work in Python or C .
When you call a function , it gets a private namespace where its local variables are created .
When the function reaches a return statement , the local variables are destroyed and the value is returned to the caller .
A later call to the same function creates a new private namespace and a fresh set of local variables .
But , what if the local variables were n’t thrown away on exiting a function ?
What if you could later resume the function where it left off ?
This is what generators provide ; they can be thought of as resumable functions .
Here ’s the simplest example of a generator function : >>> def generate_ints ( N ) : ... for i in range ( N ) : ... yield i
Any function containing a yield keyword is a generator function ; this is detected by Python ’s bytecode compiler which compiles the function specially as a result .
When you call a generator function , it does n’t return a single value ; instead it returns a generator object that supports the iterator protocol .
On executing the yield expression , the generator outputs the value of i , similar to a return statement .
The big difference between yield and a return statement is that on reaching a yield the generator ’s state of execution is suspended and local variables are preserved .
On the next call to the generator ’s __next__ ( ) method , the function will resume executing .
Here ’s a sample usage of the generate_ints ( ) generator : >>> gen = generate_ints ( 3 ) >>> gen < generator object generate_ints at ...> >>> next ( gen ) 0 >>> next ( gen ) 1 >>> next ( gen ) 2 >>> next ( gen )
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " stdin " , line 1 , in < module >
File " stdin " , line 2 , in generate_ints StopIteration
You could equally write for i in generate_ints ( 5 ) , or a , b , c = generate_ints ( 3 ) .
Inside a generator function , return value causes StopIteration ( value ) to be raised from the __next__ ( ) method .
Once this happens , or the bottom of the function is reached , the procession of values ends and the generator cannot yield any further values .
You could achieve the effect of generators manually by writing your own class and storing all the local variables of the generator as instance variables .
For example , returning a list of integers could be done by setting self .
count to 0 , and having the __next__ ( ) method increment self .
count and return it .
However , for a moderately complicated generator , writing a corresponding class can be much messier .
The test suite included with Python ’s library , Lib/ test / test_generators.py , contains a number of more interesting examples .
Here ’s one generator that implements an in - order traversal of a tree using generators recursively .
#
A recursive generator that generates Tree leaves in in - order .
def inorder ( t ) : if t : for x in inorder ( t . left ) : yield x yield t .
label for x in inorder ( t . right ) : yield x
Two other examples in test_generators .py produce solutions for the N - Queens problem ( placing N queens on an NxN chess board so that no queen threatens another ) and the Knight ’s Tour ( finding a route that takes a knight to every square of an NxN chessboard without visiting any square twice ) .
Passing values into a generator ¶
In Python 2.4 and earlier , generators only produced output .
Once a generator ’s code was invoked to create an iterator , there was no way to pass any new information into the function when its execution is resumed .
You could hack together this ability by making the generator look at a global variable or by passing in some mutable object that callers then modify , but these approaches are messy .
In Python 2.5 there ’s a simple way to pass values into a generator .
yield became an expression , returning a value that can be assigned to a variable or otherwise operated on : val = ( yield i ) I recommend that you always put parentheses around a yield expression when you ’re doing something with the returned value , as in the above example .
The parentheses are n’t always necessary , but it ’s easier to always add them instead of having to remember when they ’re needed .
( PEP 342 explains the exact rules , which are that a yield - expression must always be parenthesized except when it occurs at the top - level expression on the right - hand side of an assignment .
This means you can write val = yield i but have to use parentheses when there ’s an operation , as in val = ( yield i ) + 12 . )
Values are sent into a generator by calling its send ( value ) method .
This method resumes the generator ’s code and the yield expression returns the specified value .
If the regular __next__ ( ) method is called , the yield returns None .
Here ’s a simple counter that increments by 1 and allows changing the value of the internal counter .
def counter ( maximum ) : i = 0 while i < maximum : val = ( yield i ) #
If value provided , change counter if val is not None : i = val else : i += 1
And here ’s an example of changing the counter : >>> it = counter ( 10 ) >>> next ( it ) 0 >>> next ( it ) 1 >>> it . send ( 8 ) 8 >>> next ( it ) 9 >>> next ( it ) Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " t.py " , line 15 , in < module > it . next () StopIteration Because yield will often be returning None , you should always check for this case .
Do n’t just use its value in expressions unless you ’re sure that the send ( ) method will be the only method used to resume your generator function .
In addition to send ( ) , there are two other methods on generators : throw ( type , value=None , traceback =None ) is used to raise an exception inside the generator ; the exception is raised by the yield expression where the generator ’s execution is paused .
close ( ) raises a GeneratorExit exception inside the generator to terminate the iteration .
On receiving this exception , the generator ’s code must either raise GeneratorExit or StopIteration ; catching the exception and doing anything else is illegal and will trigger a RuntimeError . close ( ) will also be called by Python ’s garbage collector when the generator is garbage - collected .
If you need to run cleanup code when a GeneratorExit occurs , I suggest using a try : ... finally : suite instead of catching GeneratorExit .
The cumulative effect of these changes is to turn generators from one - way producers of information into both producers and consumers .
Generators also become coroutines , a more generalized form of subroutines .
Subroutines are entered at one point and exited at another point ( the top of the function , and a return statement ) , but coroutines can be entered , exited , and resumed at many different points ( the yield statements ) .
Built - in functions ¶
Let ’s look in more detail at built - in functions often used with iterators .
Two of Python ’s built - in functions , map ( ) and filter ( ) duplicate the features of generator expressions : map(f , iterA , iterB , ... ) returns an iterator over the sequence f( iterA [ 0 ] , iterB [ 0 ] ) , f( iterA [ 1 ] , iter B [ 1 ] ) , f( iterA [ 2 ] , iter B [ 2 ] ) , ... . >>> def upper ( s ) : ... return s . upper ( ) >>> list ( map ( upper , [ ' sentence ' , ' fragment ' ] ) ) [ ' SENTENCE ' , ' FRAGMENT '] >>> [ upper ( s ) for s in [ ' sentence ' , ' fragment ' ] ]
[ ' SENTENCE ' , ' FRAGMENT ']
You can of course achieve the same effect with a list comprehension .
filter ( predicate , iter ) returns an iterator over all the sequence elements that meet a certain condition , and is similarly duplicated by list comprehensions .
A predicate is a function that returns the truth value of some condition ; for use with filter ( ) , the predicate must take a single value . >>> def is_even ( x ) : ... return ( x % 2 ) == 0 >>> list ( filter ( is_even , range ( 10 ) ) ) [ 0 , 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 ]
This can also be written as a list comprehension : >>> list ( x for x in range ( 10 ) if is_even ( x ) ) [ 0 , 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 ] enumerate ( iter , start=0 ) counts off the elements in the iterable returning 2 - tuples containing the count ( from start ) and each element . >>> for item in enumerate ( [ ' subject ' , ' verb ' , ' object ' ] ) : ... print ( item ) ( 0 , ' subject ' ) ( 1 , 'verb ' ) ( 2 , ' object ' ) enumerate ( ) is often used when looping through a list and recording the indexes at which certain conditions are met : f = open ( ' data.txt ' , 'r ' ) for i , line in enumerate ( f ) : if line .
strip ( ) == '' : print ( ' Blank line at line # % i ' % i ) sorted ( iterable , key =None , reverse= False ) collects all the elements of the iterable into a list , sorts the list , and returns the sorted result .
The key and reverse arguments are passed through to the constructed list ’s sort ( ) method . >>> import random >>>
# Generate 8 random numbers between [ 0 , 10000 ) >>> rand_list = random .
sample ( range ( 10000 ) , 8 ) >>> rand_list [ 769 , 7953 , 9828 , 6431 , 8442 , 9878 , 6213 , 2207 ] >>> sorted ( rand_list ) [ 769 , 2207 , 6213 , 6431 , 7953 , 8442 , 9828 , 9878 ] >>> sorted ( rand_list , reverse = True ) [ 9878 , 9828 , 8442 , 7953 , 6431 , 6213 , 2207 , 769 ]
( For a more detailed discussion of sorting , see the Sorting HOW TO . )
The any ( iter ) and all ( iter ) built - ins look at the truth values of an iterable ’s contents .
any ( ) returns
True if any element in the iterable is a true value , and all ( ) returns
True if all of the elements are true values : >>> any ( [ 0 , 1 , 0 ] )
True >>> any ( [ 0 , 0 , 0 ] ) False >>> any ( [ 1 , 1 , 1 ] ) True >>> all ( [ 0 , 1 , 0 ] ) False >>> all ( [ 0 , 0 , 0 ] ) False >>> all ( [ 1 , 1 , 1 ] )
True zip ( iterA , iterB , ... ) takes one element from each iterable and returns them in a tuple : zip ( [ ' a ' , ' b ' , ' c ' ] , ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ) => ( ' a ' , 1 ) , ( ' b ' , 2 ) , ( ' c ' , 3 ) It does n’t construct an in - memory list and exhaust all the input iterators before returning ; instead tuples are constructed and returned only if they ’re requested .
( The technical term for this behaviour is lazy evaluation . )
This iterator is intended to be used with iterables that are all of the same length .
If the iterables are of different lengths , the resulting stream will be the same length as the shortest iterable .
zip ( [ ' a ' , ' b ' ] , ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ) => ( ' a ' , 1 ) , ( ' b ' , 2 ) You should avoid doing this , though , because an element may be taken from the longer iterators and discarded .
This means you ca n’t go on to use the iterators further because you risk skipping a discarded element .
Small functions and the lambda expression ¶
When writing functional - style programs , you ’ll often need little functions that act as predicates or that combine elements in some way .
If there ’s a Python built - in or a module function that ’s suitable , you do n’t need to define a new function at all : stripped_lines = [ line . strip ( ) for line in lines ] existing_files = filter ( os .
path .
exists , file_list )
If the function you need does n’t exist , you need to write it .
One way to write small functions is to use the lambda expression .
lambda takes a number of parameters and an expression combining these parameters , and creates an anonymous function that returns the value of the expression : adder = lambda x , y : x + y print_assign = lambda name , value : name + ' =' + str ( value )
An alternative is to just use the def statement and define a function in the usual way : def adder ( x , y ) : return x + y def print_assign ( name , value ) : return name + ' =' + str ( value )
Which alternative is preferable ?
That ’s a style question ; my usual course is to avoid using lambda .
One reason for my preference is that lambda is quite limited in the functions it can define .
The result has to be computable as a single expression , which means you ca n’t have multiway if ... elif ... else comparisons or try ... except statements .
If you try to do too much in a lambda statement , you ’ll end up with an overly complicated expression that ’s hard to read .
Quick , what ’s the following code doing ?
import functools total = functools .
reduce ( lambda a , b : ( 0 , a [ 1 ] + b [ 1 ] ) , items ) [ 1 ]
You can figure it out , but it takes time to disentangle the expression to figure out what ’s going on .
Using a short nested def statements makes things a little bit better : import functools def combine ( a , b ) : return 0 , a [ 1 ] + b [ 1 ] total = functools .
reduce ( combine , items ) [ 1 ]
But it would be best of all if I had simply used a for loop : total = 0 for a , b in items : total += b
Or the sum ( ) built - in and a generator expression : total = sum ( b for a , b in items ) Many uses of functools .
reduce ( ) are clearer when written as for loops .
Fredrik Lundh once suggested the following set of rules for refactoring uses of lambda : Write a lambda function .
Write a comment explaining what the heck that lambda does .
Study the comment for a while , and think of a name that captures the essence of the comment .
Convert the lambda to a def statement , using that name .
Remove the comment .
I really like these rules , but you ’re free to disagree about whether this lambda - free style is better .
Revision History and Acknowledgements ¶
The author would like to thank the following people for offering suggestions , corrections and assistance with various drafts of this article : Ian Bicking , Nick Coghlan , Nick Efford , Raymond Hettinger , Jim Jewett , Mike Krell , Leandro Lameiro , Jussi Salmela , Collin Winter , Blake Winton .
Version 0.1 : posted June 30 2006 .
Version 0.11 : posted July 1 2006 .
Typo fixes .
Version 0.2 : posted July 10 2006 .
Merged genexp and listcomp sections into one .
Typo fixes .
Version 0.21 : Added more references suggested on the tutor mailing list .
Version 0.30 : Adds a section on the functional module written by Collin Winter ; adds short section on the operator module ; a few other edits .
Eliminate Your Dry Scalp In 10 Days Or Less
We help you to solve your unique problem , with a natural permanent solution .
Discover Soothing Relief From Dry Scalp In As Little As 10 Days With These Surprising Natural Remedies .
It 's amazing how fast you can eliminate embarrassing , frustrating and painful dry scalp 100 % NATURALLY .
" It broke my heart every time my daughter called me snowy straw - head until I discovered powerful 10 - minute treatments that really work to get rid of dandruff and dry , itchy scalp forever . "
~ Mia Wadsworth , Former Itchy Scalp Sufferer
From The Desk Of : Mia Wadsworth Subject : How To Permanently Eliminate Dry , Itchy , Flaky Scalp Dear Dry Scalp Sufferer , I never would have guessed I was causing my dry , itchy scalp .
Because I was willing to do ANYTHING to stop the flaking , the scratching and the bleeding .
It hurt my feelings and self esteem when my daughter laughed at my " snowy straw - head " hair .
It killed me that I flinched whenever my husband went to stroke my hair .
My confidence dropped and it nearly took me to tears .
If you 're reading this letter then I know you can relate .
Are you sick and tired of living with an itchy scalp ?
Do you get embarrassed when people point out your dandruff or scalp rash ?
Do you feel ripped off when you pay too much for anti-dandruff shampoos that do n't live up to the hype ?
Does the itching make you feel insanely uncomfortable and nearly unbearable at times ?
Worried about thinning or falling hair and wishing for thick , shiny healthy locks
I experienced all of these feelings and more .
I desperately wanted to find an answer to my dry , itchy scalp .
And just before I was about to give up , the solution found me ...
My Search For An Answer ...
And this startling discovery was definitely not what I expected .
You see ... over the years I had spent hundreds of dollars on Doctor visits , fancy anti-dandruff shampoos & other treatments in a bottle .
I bought books by doctors and studied hard .
But none of it worked !
The professionals were FAILING me .
Until I found a book that pointed out that an itchy , irritated scalp is a MODERN problem .
Just 100 years ago doctors did n't have anything to say about weeping sores on dry scalps .
The answer seemed clear .
We 're doing something different today that people did n't do in the past .
The culprit ?
Chemicals .
For many people , CHEMICALS from shampoos and conditioners are the reason for dry scalps .
And I had been putting them on my head for years .
Little Known Facts About Expensive Shampoos
The more research I did the more mad I got .
For example , did you know 90 % of the " off the shelf " scalp treatments also contain ingredients that CAUSE itchy dry scalps ?
It 's true , and that 's why results from leading shampoo solutions are only temporary .
( And often make it worse . )
Here 's just one example :
Sodium Laureth / Lauryl Sulphate ( SLS )
Sounds like just another ingredient , right ?
WRONG .
It 's an aggressive cleaning and foaming agent commonly used as an engine degreaser .
SLS has been proven to strip oils from and prematurely age your skin , damage eye membranes , retard healing , inhibit hair follicle growth and more .
Yet it 's added to 90 % of shampoos !
Do n't Take My Word For
It - Take a Quick Look At The Facts !
Extracted From the SLS Material Safety Data Sheet ( MSDS ) of the U.S. Government
" Exposure to Sodium Laureth / Lauryl Sulphate can lead to a burning sensation , coughing , wheezing , laryngitis , shortness of breath , headache , nausea and vomiting .
" SLS penetrates your eyes , brain , liver and remains there long - term .
Being a cell mutagen , it degenerates cell membranes because it can change the genetic information in your cells and damage your immune system .
" It can cause blindness ( scientific studies have proven that this compound damages protein formation in the eye tissue ) and can lead to cataract formation .
After damage to the eyes has been done , your eyes cannot heal properly because SLS retards the eye healing process .
Also retards hair follicle growth making hair harder to grow & the scalp irritated . "
Short term common shampoo chemicals can cause irritation and a dry scalp .
But long term it 's even worse !
In the long term just SLS alone can cause blindness and damage your immune system .
50 million people are spending over 300 million dollars a year on chemicals trying to fix their scalp problems .
And I used to be one of them .
But Here 's Some Great News - You Don't Have To Use Carcinogens On Your Scalp !
My search for answers led me to discover that a dry scalp and healthy body come from all NATURAL solutions .
The answers come from shampoos you can mix yourself at home , to natural shampoos you can purchase , to simple switches to your diet .
The answers are natural , soothing remedies ... and NOT dumping chemicals on your head .
And I want to prove it to you ...
Give Me 10 Days Of Ditching Chemicals For Natural Remedies And I'll Show You What A Healthy , Shining Scalp And Hair Looks Like .
After years of suffering from a dry scalp , I finally cured myself with all natural remedies .
No more dry scalp !
My girlfriends were amazed and my husband loved getting his happy wife back .
Word quickly spread that I had found natural remedies for dry scalp and unhealthy hair .
And soon I had people asking me for help !
The thing is ... not everyone 's dry scalp has the same causes .
The good news is almost every cause has a natural solution , and I 've been able to help hundreds of people find the answer .
With this website , I 'm now able to help thousands .
Will you let me help you cure your dry scalp ?
If you can give up chemicals for my natural remedies for just 10 days , then you can reclaim a healthy scalp .
Here 's what I can help you do ...
Eliminate your dandruff , dry , flaky or burning red itchy scalp in 10 days with powerful ancient & modern natural remedies .
If you 've experienced hair loss I can help you regrow rejuvenated shiny and healthy hair .
Spot the underlying causes of your dry scalp and provide a permanent solution .
Uncover the little ways you may be unknowingly causing your own embarrassing dry scalp .
And I 'm going to help you do all of this without science lab chemicals or irritants .
Instead ..
Ancient And Modern Natural Remedies Provide Relief
And you know what ?
Even the large corporations are catching on .
In fact one of the leading shampoo companies recently spent millions creating a new , more natural shampoo .
To do it they had to track down and replicate an amazing natural remedy of an indigenous tribe deep in the forests of Central America .
These Mesquite Indians are known for their silky , shiny hair and healthy scalps .
Yet none of them have access to modern pharmaceutical - based shampoos and treatments .
They 've found natural remedies that are now available and may work for you .
Disclaimer :
This specific ancient remedy may not work for you .
In fact , the natural remedy that worked for my scalp may not work for you either .
Why ?
Because not all dry scalps have the same cause ... but nearly all can be treated naturally .
That 's why I want to help YOU specifically ...
Let 's Sit Down Together And Go Over Your Symptoms To Find A Personal Solution
There are dozens of natural solutions to a dry , irritated and itchy scalp .
But what works for one person may not necessarily work for you .
The key is locating the cause of your specific problem and applying the appropriate remedy .
Through my research and experience helping friends AND friends of friends beat this problem ...
I 've collected the most common natural remedies proven to cure your dry itchy scalp .
I 'd like to sit down with you and go over your symptoms so we can find the best remedy .
Unfortunately , it 's not humanly possible for me to sit down in everyone 's living room .
There 's only one of me .
So I 've written an ebook that you can read in just minutes from now in the comfort of your own home .
Introducing DryItchyscalpremedies !
" Beautiful Hair & Healthy Scalp Secrets " is the combined work of years of study and experimentation on my way to discovering natural cures for a dry scalp .
Reading this ebook is like inviting me in to your home to help solve your unique problem .
Just one quick read through is enough to start you on a path to relief .
" Dry Itchy Scalp Remedies " is going to help you ...
Focus on the specific cause of your unique problem ... instead of just trying to treat symptoms .
Discover natural remedies most likely to solve the underlying problem causing your dry scalp .
Learn the top ten toxic ingredients hidden in 90 % of shampoos and hair products .
Find out how you may be causing your own scalp irritations without even knowing it .
Quit wasting money on hit - or - miss treatments that are probably making everything worse !
... just like " Dry Itchy Scalp Remedies " worked wonders for these clients .
Only $ 77 $ 37 With Lifetime Access
" Enabled Me To Stop The Itching And Get Rid Of My Scaly Dandruff . " " ...... It was n’t till I read your ebook I realized that my extremely itchy scalp and dandruff was n’t coming from me and not just something I had to put up with or had to keep treating .
" It was very liberating to know I could stop this nasty affliction .
Understanding what was really going on enabled me to stop the itching and get rid of my scaly dandruff .
" My hair is even getting a bit thicker on top .
Keep spreading the word !.
Thanks Mia . ” — Henri Joubert , Johannesburg , SA
-- Click Here For Proof of Authenticity " For The First Time In Years - Relief & Results ! "
" I had to write to you and thank you for helping me rid myself of a complaint I been dealing with since the late 80's .
" I am 64 yrs of age and had been living with persistent scalp problems for a very long time .
My symptoms included a red itchy rash around my neck / hairline & ears which periodically became worse during certain seasons .
" My doctor & dermatologist had prescribed medicated topical creams for this .
These offered relief while I was using them but contained cortizones so gradually became ineffective .
" It got so bad my hair was thinning in places so I bought a wig to wear during particularly severe outbreaks .
" I had all but given up on finding a solution .
" My daughter came across your website and bought your ebook for me .
I followed your advice .
For the first time in years - relief & results !
" Everything went calm with NO SIGN OF ANY RASH OR INFLAMMATION .
I had forgotten what it was like for my scalp to feel normal - not to feel irritated .
" I have noticed my hair is thickening and I now have the confidence to no longer wear the wig as a result .
Thank you for sharing your experience with others like us who need to know there is a solution ! " — Eleanor Cruickshank , Florida , USA
-- Click Here For Proof of Authenticity " Packed With Valuable Information " " This ebook is packed with valuable information and actual remedies and answers ... as opposed to taking more drugs and prescriptions to add more health issues to our lives .
" Pure and natural long term remedies and info on actual known causes to the issues we deal with in regards to our health and well being rather than a doctor prescribed unnatural drug related quick fix and / or temporary relief which never addresses the real cause of the problem .
" Very well done , easy to read , and well worth every penny . " — Tony Sullivan , USA
-- Click Here For Proof of Authenticity " Within 2 Weeks My Daughter 's Skin Had Cleared " Your information helped greatly .
My daughter has Psoriasis and we have tried many treatments to help her skin .
We have had expensive lotions prescribed to us by dermatologists and they only gave about 60 % relief .
It was only after I came across your site that I replaced all our soaps and lotions with the organic products that you recommended .
Within two weeks my daughters skin had cleared up almost entirely .
Its been a relief to finally learn how to treat my daughters skin .
Thank you for creating this website .
— Steve Reinhardt , Pasdena , USA
-- Click Here For Proof of Authenticity " Cleared Up In 3 Days ... "
“ Mia , I just wanted to let you know I used the fantastic Neem remedy in your ebook on our 8 year old daughter Maia 's itchy scalp .
It stopped itching " as soon as I applied it and the rash had cleared up in 3 days .
I just want to express my gratitude for your going out of your way to help us . ” — Trudi Hodgeson , CA , USA
-- Click Here For Proof of Authenticity " Able To Take The Best Care Possible Of My Scalp And Hair " " You were instrumental in getting me away from chemicals and I feel that , through you , I 'm able to take the best care possible of my scalp and hair . "
" I found your e-ebook very helpful and I constantly refer back to it and have recommended it to friends .
Happy New Year ! " — D Shapiro , NY , USA
-- Click Here For Proof of Authenticity
Here is just some of what you 'll discover inside ...
Discover The Answers To A Renewed Healthy Scalp Inside ...
Find out NOW if you 're causing your own embarrassing dry scalp condition .
The Remedy Wizard Quickly determine which natural remedies your hair & scalp is begging for by entering your symptoms in to our " Remedy Wizard " calculator .
Quickly determine which natural remedies your hair & scalp is begging for by entering your symptoms in to our " Remedy Wizard " calculator .
Common hair products you may be using that cause hair loss , eye membrane damage , premature aging and scalp rashes .
A photo line - up of scalp conditions so you can more easily spot yours .
The brutal truth about most hair dyes ... and how to get around it .
" 10 - Days - Or - Less " remedies for curing the most common causes of itchy scalp .
The absolute WORST dandruff shampoos for getting rid of dandruff .
It 'll hurt to read , but you MUST know .
How to avoid developing sensitivities to certain hair products that lead to massive irritations .
What the medico - pharmaceutical companies have been hiding for years .
They DON'T want you to know this about their chemical shampoos .
Foods that nourish and foods that dry your skin , scalp and hair .
Natural remedies from supplies you can find around your house and in your garden .
Powerful secrets for FAST relief from itching , burning and redness of your scalp .
The top natural shampoos that have proven themselves over and over again .
Easy to find natural oils that restore follicles - encouraging thicker hair and even hair growth .
More natural oils that relieve sore painful scalps and treat scalp scales and crust flakes .
A 10 - minute moisturizing regimen for consistent relief .
Give your hair a break
Try these natural remedies for dry , over - processed hair that speed up regrowth .
Try these natural remedies for dry , over - processed hair that speed up regrowth .
A 10 - minute anti-itch regimen to stop the frustrating , nearly unbearable desire to itch .
Think you have scalp psoriasis , dandruff or eczema ?
I 've got proven natural remedies for you too .
Quickly treat scalp sores , bumps & lumps to relieve the irritation .
Repeat until your natural remedy cures all .
Could your dry scalp be a special , uncommon case ?
Maybe .
And I can help with many uncommon causes of dry scalp as well , such as ringworm and scalp fungus .
Easily find a new natural shampoo from our list of 20 natural safe hair care product recommendations .
Including shampoos , conditioners & treatments .
How to " convert " your shampoo into a powerful anti-dandruff shampoo naturally that works GREAT .
Tips and tricks for giving your hair a new start after dry scalp .
A new super - moisturized , shiny , bouncy and full - of - body hairdo is days away .
Deceiving foods that could be behind your dry scalp .
And much , much more ...
Take The First Step Towards Healing Now ...
It 's time to take control of your dry , itchy scalp and provide the relief you 've been searching for .
And the answers are inside my affordable ebook .
Just imagine ... within days of ordering " Dry Itchy Scalp Remedies " you could be experiencing a perfectly nourished , healthy and moisturized scalp .
No more itching , no more burning , and the full confidence that you will NEVER AGAIN have dandruff .
Happy clients have written me to thank them for saving them so much on special shampoos that were just making the problem worse .
Some were spending up to $ 59 per bottle !
And I can relate .
I spent $ 100's over the years trying to buy every solution possible .
In fact , after I discovered the solution that worked for me , I even bought another salon solution for $ 35 + .
And it was a complete failure .
The expensive shampoo completely reversed the results I had with the natural solution .
Now we 're done with that .
In a complete turn of events this small investment will help you END all the bad investments you 've made in the past .
No more searching for the right $ 37 shampoo .
No more months , even YEARS suffering from a dry , itchy EMBARRASSING scalp .
Instead , just get my book and be set free once and for all .
And it 's much more affordable than you would think .
Plus my book will work for you or it 's free ...
Immediately secure your LIMITED EDITION RISK FREE copy of the DryItchyScalpRemedies right now !
YES !!!
send me my copy right now
YES !!!
I understand my RISK FREE investment is covered by your 60 day cash back guarantee 60 - day cash back guarantee
If at any time within the next 60 days of purchase you 're not completely satisfied with everything found in your Dry Itchy Scalp Remedies guide .
Simply let me know and I 'll return your purchase price immediately and in full .
No Questions Asked !
No ifs , ands , buts , or maybes .
No hidden clauses , asterisks or small print .
YES !!!
I want to INSTANTLY SECURE my copy for the heavily discounted price of just $ 77.00 $ 37.00
CLICK HERE TO GET INSTANT ACCESS
order processed online through Clickbank ’s Secure SSL Servers !
Credit / Debit cards & PayPal Accepted .
Worldwide orders welcome .
You have to be thrilled with my book and experience great results to pay anything at all .
That means you can ...
1 ) order " Beautiful Hair & Healthy Scalp Secrets " today ,
2 ) read it front to back or just glance at it ,
3 ) try it out or not ...
... and if you 're anything but ecstatic with your decision to get " DryItchyScalpRemedies " then just send me an email saying so within 60 days .
I 'll return your investment ASAP with no questions and only a smile .
There 's even a 3rd party that guarantees you 'll get your investment back : Clickbank , the company that handles orders for me .
They guarantee your satisfaction as well .
Order Today And You 'll Also Get These 2 FREE Extra Gifts
Since I 've been helping people with their hair for years , I have a mound of valuable hair tips and tricks just waiting to help you .
I 've compiled many of them in to extra reports .
So to sweeten the pot , I 'm just going to give them to you and not charge a dime .
That way you have every reason to order today .
Here 's what you get if you act today ...
Free Extra # 1 : " Taming Your Hair Type " A $ 19.97 Value Ever get frustrated with your hair ?
During my hundreds of hours of research I picked up an amazing collection of tips for taming any hair type .
In this report I 'll share ...
Which styling products work best for each hair type from thin and straight to thick , coarse and wild frizzy .
Hair styles that suit your hair and skin .
The secret to a healthy glow .
Plus homemade shampoo boosters , natural hair dyes and information for sensitive scalps
And much , much more ... Free Extra # 2 : " Safe Shopping Guide " A $ 10 Value
This handy pocket guide will make shopping for hair and body products quick , easy and SAFE .
Now you 'll have a list of ingredients readily available to compare against bottle labels ... an absolute MUST if you want to avoid irritating chemicals .
" Thank You So Much for Your Methods !
I Really Appreciate it ! "
" Hello justin , There is nothing worse than that annoying urge to scratch my itchy scalp .
I am always on the lookout for good natural remedies for my dry and itchy scalp .
There are so many harmful ingredients in most commercial hair and scalp care products that for me homemade and natural is the best way to go .
Thank you so much for your methods !
I really appreciate it ! ” — Lacey , Merseyside UK
-- Click Here For Proof of Authenticity " I Finally Found it After I Read Your Book ! "
" Hi Justin my name is Dave .
I have been searching for 2 years now for a natural remedies that really works for dry , flaky , itchy scalp and I finally found it after I read your book .
I think the price for these book are a little expensive for me , but it is well worth it if it works .
My hair feels and looks great after doing your methods .
Thank you Justin ! " — Dave , Zurich SWZ
-- Click Here For Proof of Authenticity " I Even Took It to Her Dermatologist to Show Him " " My young daughter has seborrheic dermatitis .
Her scalp condition was so bad at times that it bled .
Chunks of dry scalp would come off .
I tried Head & Shoulders , Nioxin , Delsun Blue to name a few .
After researching , I found your website & decided to try your methods .
I saw an improvement after one week !
I can actually brush her hair now & not have flakes fall all over her shoulders .
I will continue doing your methods .
I even took it to her dermatologist to show him .
Great methods !!
Thanks Justin ! ! " — Roger , Alabama US
-- Click Here For Proof of Authenticity
Beautiful hair & healthy scalp Starting Now
If you 've read this far than I know you 're ready to leave the expensive shampoos , dangerous chemicals and temporary results behind .
It 's time for a natural , permanent solution and I want to help you find it .
We can find your personal solution in just minutes after you order " DryItchyScalpRemedies " for only $ 59.95 $ 37
Take Action Today And ...
STOP Putting Up With Painful , Annoying Itchy , Flaky , Or Dry Irritated Scalp NOW .
Get Powerful Soothing Remedies To Soothe , Nourish & Repair Scalp Skin & Hair .
Understand & Eliminate The Cause So Your Dry Scalp CAN'T COME BACK .
You deserve to have super healthy scalp and hair .
And I want to help you find it .
Click the button below to order now .
Men marry younger women and women prefer to marry older men , in general .
But is it culture , genetics or the environment that drives such a choice — and is there an optimal age difference ?
New research shows that , at least for the Sami people of preindustrial Finland , men should marry a woman almost 15 years their junior to maximize their chances of having the most offspring that survive .
" We studied how parental age difference at marriage affected [ families ' ] reproductive success among Sami people who married only once in their lifetime[s ] , " says ecologist Samuli Helle of the University of Turku in Finland .
" We found that marrying women 14.6 years younger maximized men's lifetime reproductive success — in other words , the number of offspring surviving to age 18 . "
The researchers did this by examining church records of 700 marriages from the Utsjoki , Inari and Enontekiö populations from the 17th through 19th centuries ( in order to eliminate the effects of modern medicine on child survival ) .
Yet , only 10 percent of these marriages were between men and women with that optimal age difference .
The span ranged from men marrying women as much as 20 years older to women marrying men as much as 25 years older ; the average age difference between husband and wife was three years .
Marriage customs or the availability of reindeer to support a new family ( the Sami people are reindeer herders ) might be the reason that more Sami marriages did not display the optimum age difference , Helle says .
Ultimately , it is the age at which the woman begins bearing children that is the biggest factor in survival , the paper in Biology Letters suggests :
Younger women , in general , bear more healthy children .
Marrying an older woman or much older man proved the most detrimental to reproductive success .
Other research in modern day Sweden has shown that the ideal reproductive match is for a man to marry a woman six years his junior .
But the cultural constraints on marriage may have changed .
" Wealth was the most important factor in a [ Sami ] marriage , " Helle notes .
" Love played almost no role in it . "
Environmental concerns have never been top of the agenda at Daily Mail news conferences .
If anything , editor in chief Paul Dacre is something of a " flat earther " on green issues , according to his staff .
But , love it or loathe it , no rival paper knows the power of a short , sharp consumer campaign better than the Associated Newspapers powerhouse .
It has been the unerring ability of Dacre and his team to identify those touch points that prick the conscience of their middle England readership .
So it has hijacked the campaign to ban plastic carrier bags and looks set to chalk up any resulting ban as a victory .
Daily Mail insiders say its campaign to " banish the bags " , launched over 10 pages on Tuesday and followed up with seven yesterday , was cooked up by senior editorial staff and rubber stamped by Dacre .
" It 's his paper , he 's right behind it , " said its managing editor , Charles Garside .
" Everyone thinks they can pigeonhole the Mail and then they 'll do something like their Stephen Lawrence campaign .
It is counter - intuitive , " said John Humphrys , the BBC presenter who helped launch the campaign with an opinion piece .
It ticks the requisite boxes .
First , it is eminently winnable and has a clear , achievable goal .
By having Marks & Spencer lined up to respond and charge for plastic bags almost as soon as the campaign began , it was able to claim an early score .
" It 's easy for people to sneer , that would mean that no one did anything , " said Garside .
" It is something that can have a great effect . "
It will only take one or two other supermarkets - all aware of the purchasing power of the Mail 's female - skewed readership - to follow suit and victory will be claimed .
Retail PR executives confirm the Mail is the most heavily courted by the big supermarkets and food manufacturers for its ability to influence consumer spending .
Second , the timing is right .
The rest of the media and public opinion was already blowing in the right direction and the Mail knew a last concerted push would achieve results .
Modbury , the Devon town where plastic bags are banned , has become a cause celebre .
It was mentioned just five times in the preceding year by the Mail .
Yesterday it got two pages .
Third , this was not a nebulous campaign against global warming but an issue that tugged at the heart strings of the Mail 's animal loving , litter hating readership .
" It 's bang on the middle England button .
And there 's nothing wrong with that , " said Humphrys .
As an added bonus it worked pictorially , providing page upon page of plastic bag - strewn rural landscapes and struggling animals .
Fourth , it conformed to the maxim : if you 're going to do something , do it big .
Weeks in the planning , readers could send off for their own free " eco shopping bag " and a free glossy wallchart .
" Newspapers have got to have an antenna that reacts to the mood of readers and what they 're thinking , " said Garside .
Using unusually rigorous scientific conditions and measures , Johns Hopkins researchers have shown that the active agent in " sacred mushrooms " can induce mystical / spiritual experiences descriptively identical to spontaneous ones people have reported for centuries .
The resulting experiences apparently prompt positive changes in behavior and attitude that last several months , at least .
The agent , a plant alkaloid called psilocybin , mimics the effect of serotonin on brain receptors - as do some other hallucinogens - but precisely where in the brain and in what manner are unknown .
An account of the study , accompanied by an editorial and four experts ' commentaries , appears online today in the journal Psychopharmacology .
Cited as " landmark " in the commentary by former National Institute on Drug Abuse ( NIDA ) director , Charles Schuster , the research marks a new systematic approach to studying certain hallucinogenic compounds that , in the 1950s , showed signs of therapeutic potential or value in research into the nature of consciousness and sensory perception .
" Human consciousness … is a function of the ebb and flow of neural impulses in various regions of the brain - the very substrate that drugs such as psilocybin act upon , " Schuster says .
" Understanding what mediates these effects is clearly within the realm of neuroscience and deserves investigation . "
" A vast gap exists between what we know of these drugs - mostly from descriptive anthropology - and what we believe we can understand using modern clinical pharmacology techniques , " says study leader Roland Griffiths , Ph.D. , a professor with Hopkins ' departments of Neuroscience and Psychiatry and Behavioral Biology .
" That gap is large because , as a reaction to the excesses of the 1960s , human research with hallucinogens has been basically frozen in time these last forty years . "
All of the study 's authors caution about substantial risks of taking psilocybin under conditions not appropriately supervised .
" Even in this study , where we greatly controlled conditions to minimize adverse effects , about a third of subjects reported significant fear , with some also reporting transient feelings of paranoia , " says Griffiths .
" Under unmonitored conditions , it 's not hard to imagine those emotions escalating to panic and dangerous behavior . "
advertisement
The researchers ' message is n't just that psilocybin can produce mystical experiences .
" I had a healthy skepticism going into this , " says Griffiths , " and that finding alone was a surprise . "
But , as important , he says , " is that , under very defined conditions , with careful preparation , you can safely and fairly reliably occasion what 's called a primary mystical experience that may lead to positive changes in a person .
It 's an early step in what we hope will be a large body of scientific work that will ultimately help people . "
The authors acknowledge the unusual nature of the work , treading , as it does , a fine line between neuroscience and areas most would consider outside science 's realm .
" But establishing the basic science here is necessary , " says Griffiths , " to take advantage of the possible benefits psilocybin can bring to our understanding of how thought , emotion , and ultimately behavior are grounded in biology . "
Griffiths is quick to emphasize the scientific intent of the study .
" We 're just measuring what can be observed , " he says ; " We 're not entering into ' Does God exist or not exist . '
This work can't and wo n't go there . "
In the study , more than 60 percent of subjects described the effects of psilocybin in ways that met criteria for a " full mystical experience " as measured by established psychological scales .
One third said the experience was the single most spiritually significant of their lifetimes ; and more than two - thirds rated it among their five most meaningful and spiritually significant .
Griffiths says subjects liken it to the importance of the birth of their first child or the death of a parent .
Two months later , 79 percent of subjects reported moderately or greatly increased well - being or life satisfaction compared with those given a placebo at the same test session .
A majority said their mood , attitudes and behaviors had changed for the better .
Structured interviews with family members , friends and co-workers generally confirmed the subjects ' remarks .
Results of a year - long followup are being readied for publication .
advertisement
Psychological tests and subjects ' own reports showed no harm to study participants , though some admitted extreme anxiety or other unpleasant effects in the hours following the psilocybin capsule .
The drug has not been observed to be addictive or physically toxic in animal studies or human populations .
" In this regard , " says Griffiths , a psychopharmacologist , " it contrasts with MDMA ( ecstasy ) , amphetamines or alcohol . "
The study is n't the first with psilocybin , the researchers say , though some of the earlier ones , done elsewhere , had notably less rigorous design , were less thorough in measuring outcomes or lacked longer - term follow - up .
In the present work , 36 healthy , well - educated volunteers - most of them middle - aged - with no family history of psychosis or bipolar disorder were selected .
All had active spiritual practices .
" We thought a familiarity with spiritual practice would give them a framework for interpreting their experiences and that they'd be less likely to be confused or troubled by them , " Griffiths says .
All gave informed consent to the study approved by Hopkins ' institutional review board .
Each of thirty of the subjects attended two separate 8 - hour drug sessions , at two month intervals .
On one they received psilocybin , on another , methylphenidate ( Ritalin ) , the active placebo .
In designing the study , researchers had to overcome or at least , greatly minimize two hurdles : the risk of adverse side - effects and the likelihood that the expectations of getting the test drug or the placebo would influence subjects ' perceptions .
To lessen the former , each subject met several times , before drug sessions began , with a reassuring " monitor , " a medical professional experienced in observing drug study participants .
Monitors stayed with them during the capsule - taking sessions .
Actual trials took place in a room outfitted like a comfortable , slightly upscale living room , with soft music and indirect , non-laboratory lighting .
Heart rate and blood pressure were measured throughout .
The researchers countered " expectancy " by having both monitors and subjects " blinded " to what substance would be given .
For ethical reasons , subjects were told about hallucinogens ' possible effects , butalso learned they could , instead , get other substances - weak or strong - that might change perception or consciousness .
Most important , a third " red herring " group of six subjects had two blinded placebo sessions , then were told they 'd receive psilocybin at a third .
This tactic - questionnaires later verified - kept participants and monitors in the dark at the first two sessions about each capsule 's contents .
Nine established questionnaires and a new , specially createdfollowup survey were used to rate experiences at appropriate times in the study .
They included those that differentiate effects of psychoactive drugs , that detect altered states of consciousness , that rate mystical experiences and assess changes in outlook .
The study , Griffiths adds , has advanced understanding of hallucinogen abuse .
As for where the work could lead , the team is planning a trial of patients suffering from advanced cancer - related depression or anxiety , following up suggestive research several decades ago .
They 're also designing studies to test a role for psilocybin in treating drug dependence .
The study was funded by grants from NIDA and the Council on Spiritual Practices .
Una McCann , M.D. , William Richards , Ph.D. , of the Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions and Robert Jesse of the Council on Spiritual Practices , San Francisco , were co-researchers .
The Israeli Electric Company ( IEC ) is supplying nearly 70 % of electricity to the Gaza Strip despite Palestinians ' claims of a power shortage in Gaza , said Miko Zarfati , the chairman of the workers ' committee at the power company .
" This is Palestinian spin .
No one has stopped the supply of electricity to the Strip , " Zarfati told Ynet .
He claimed that his employees worked day and night in a power plant in Ashkelon while putting themselves in danger of being hit by Qassam rockets falling in the area .
Crisis Claims IDF official rejects claims of humanitarian crisis in Gaza Hanan Greenberg Reports of crisis in Strip nothing but media spin created and promoted by Hamas , says military source IDF official rejects claims of humanitarian crisis in Gaza
The Gaza power plant only produces 30 % of the electricity consumed in the Strip while Israel supplies the rest .
" It is simply offensive and arrogant for them to claim that there is shortage , " Zarfati said .
The IEC employee was upset that Israel continues to supply electricity to Gaza while the Qassam rockets continue to land in the western Negev .
" The situation is totally absurd .
We 're continuing to supply them electricity despite the ( demand ) overload for electricity in Israel and despite the fact that Israeli residents and Electric Company workers that are being sent to Gaza Vicinity communities are under threat from Qassam rockets , " Zarfati railed .
" The Electric Company sends people to fix power outages that are caused from the Qassam barrages everyday in Sderot and the Gaza vicinity and more than one worker has already been injured in these rocket attacks . "
According to Zarafti , the workers have been pressuring him to cut off the flow of electricity to the Strip : " I am being pressured to disconnect the electricity , but I am of course a law - abiding man and I can not do this .
The decision to disconnect the electricity to Gaza is a decision which can only be made by the Israeli government and I understand the consideration sagainst shutting off the power . "
The workers ' committee chairman has been thinking of ways to improve the lives of the employees on the front line .
" I explode with anger and feel hopeless in the face of the workers ' situation and in the face of the whole situation in the Gaza vicinity and in Ashkelon , " Zarfati continued .
" I appealed to the Finance Ministry and asked them to approve a plan to reward these employees in some way , a few cents for everything they 're going through .
Unfortunately , I received a negative response . "
The Treasury responded saying " no precedents will be created with regards to salary bonuses for workers living in dangerous areas . "
The USA Today reports that the US anti-terror watchlist has grown to more than 755,000 people , growing at a rate of more than 200,000 people per year .
As Slashdot notes , " Adding about 548 people daily every day of the year does not seem to lend itself to a manual process with careful deliberation given or double checking being done for each person added . "
" They are quickly galloping towards the million mark – a mark of real distinction because the list is already cumbersome and is approaching absolutely useless , " said Tim Sparapani of the American Civil Liberties Union .
Link
June 15 , 2007 — jao
I ’ve been writing lately several snippets to improve the communication of Emacs with OS X .
One of them is this quick and dirty mdfind mode that provides access , within an Emacs buffer , to the results of mdfind commands ( the CLI to OS X’s Spotlight ) .
Just put the above file somewhere in your load path , ( require ' mdfind ) in your init file and invoke M-x mdfind .
You ’ll be asked for a directory and a search string to perform in that directory .
Under the rug , this shell command gets executed :
mdfind - onlyin directory query
The results ( a file list ) are collected in a special buffer in a new major mode ( creatively dubbed mdfind - mode ) that inherits from org - mode ( this is Emacs 22 ; if you have n’t yet , take a look at org - mode : it is simply awesome ) , and that displays the files nicely fontified as links .
See the comments at the beginning of mdfind.el for a list of available shortcuts that you can use to navigate and open ( using OS X ’s default handlers ) the files in the list .
The functionality offered is right now limited and there ’re many venues for improvement , so i guess i’ll keep adding features as i need them .
But you ’re encouraged to take this quick hack as an starting point to get the functionality that you deem important ( and maybe share the results 🙂 ) .
Or , alternatively , to leave your suggestions in the comments section .
Welcome to web2 py !
How did you get here ?
Mr Leahy says aviation is a growing industry
It forecasts that 24,300 passenger and freight aircraft worth $ 2.8 trillion will be ordered between now and 2026 .
Average industry deliveries will be 1,215 aircraft a year , up from 1,130 in Airbus ' last global market forecast .
It says demand will be greatest in Asia Pacific , which will account for 31 % of orders , followed by North America .
" Air transportation is definitely a growing industry contributing to economic development and generating wealth around the world , " said Airbus chief operating officer John Leahy .
" We are committed to being a key player in making this industry eco-efficient by providing the most technologically advanced products . "
Sticky patch
Airbus has been through a sticky patch recently with costly production problems affecting its flagship jumbo A380 , the world 's largest passenger plane which made its first commercial flight late in 2007 .
AIRBUS FORECASTS 24,300 new passenger and freight aircraft by 2026 Passengers to grow 4.3 % a year Freight to grow 5.8 % a year World passenger aircraft fleet to total 28,550 by 2026 1,215 aircraft deliveries a year Source : Airbus
In addition , its earnings have suffered as a result of the weak US dollar .
It conceded defeat to Boeing in the battle for new orders during 2007 , but said it had beaten its US rival on deliveries .
Airbus reported 1,341 net new orders of commercial aircraft , 72 less than Boeing .
However , Airbus delivered 453 aircraft compared with Boeing 's 441 .
Airbus said that environmental constraints and limits on airport infrastructure will create more demand for aircraft that seat more than 400 passengers .
It expects orders for aircraft like the A380 to total 1,700 in its two - decade forecast period .
Orders for twin - aisle aircraft , which seat from 250 to 400 passengers , will total 6,000 .
However , smaller single - aisle aircraft will make up the bulk of orders - around 16,600 between now and 2026 , according to Airbus forecasts .
I 've done a guest " Book Club " for the comicIt is rather colorful !
HOLIDAY DEADLINE REMINDERS :
Please place domestic U.S. orders by December 9th ; please make international orders ASAP .
Labels : yertle the turtle
There are few things in life worth celebrating more than the arrival of a newborn child .
Particularly for first - time parents , this can be a very overwhelming experience since there is so much to know and learn , and you have to do it on a completely disrupted schedule with little or no sleep on top of [… ]
[ Patrick Appel ]
Pete Abel urges everyone to withhold judgment on the McCain Iseman scandal :
In closing , let me be painfully clear .
I ’m not dismissing the NYT story .
I ’m not screaming about liberal media bias .
All I ’m attempting to do is offer perspective , some of it based on personal observations of inside - the - Beltway life , in order to raise legitimate questions and thus encourage all of us to resist the temptation to believe there ’s fire behind these wisps of smoke , until said fire is indisputably proven .
We owe all of the leading candidates McCain , Clinton , and Obama the benefit of such doubt , the same benefit we would want , if we found ourselves in a similar situation .
The Iseman scandal coverage has been dizzying .
The left jumped ( at first , anyway ) at the opportunity to skewer McCain , while the right equally cherished the chance to condemn the Times .
If there is n’t more to the NYT ’s research , if these allegations of an affair are false , this story could be the paper ’s biggest mistake since Judith Miller ’s faulty reporting on Saddam ’s WMDs .
If the affair is real , then this will hobble McCain .
He is already dragging the weight of an unpopular president and an unpopular war .
Adding a sex scandal to his load may be one handicap too many .
Like Pete , I am trying to reserve judgment until we have more than wisps of smoke .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Optimising your notation to not confuse people in the first 10 minutes of seeing it but to hinder readability ever after is a really bad mistake .
The impression that the phrase “ this interface feature is intuitive ” leaves is that the interface works the way the user does , that normal human “ intuition ” suffices to use it , that neither training nor rational thought is necessary , and that it will feel “ natural . ”
We are said to “ intuit ” a concept when we seem to suddenly understand it without any apparent effort or previous exposure to the idea .
It is clear that a user interface feature is “ intuitive ” insofar as it resembles or is identical to something the user has already learned .
In short , “ intuitive ” in this context is an almost exact synonym of “ familiar . ”
The term “ intuitive ” is associated with approval when applied to an interface , but this association and the magazines ’ rating systems raise the issue of the tension between improvement and familiarity .
As an interface designer I am often asked to design a “ better ” interface to some product .
Usually one can be designed such that , in terms of learning time , eventual speed of operation ( productivity ) , decreased error rates , and ease of implementation it is superior to competing or the client ’s own products .
Even where my proposals are seen as significant improvements , they are often rejected nonetheless on the grounds that they are not intuitive .
It is a classic “ catch 22 . ”
The client wants something that is significantly superior to the competition .
But if superior , it cannot be the same , so it must be different ( typically the greater the improvement , the greater the difference ) .
Therefore it cannot be intuitive , that is , familiar .
What the client usually wants is an interface with at most marginal differences that , somehow , makes a major improvement .
This can be achieved only on the rare occasions where the original interface has some major flaw that is remedied by a minor fix .
( _+_)
Or as Jef Raskin put it : Complaining that a programming language “ Violates the Principle of Least Surprise ” is a complaint that it fails to appeal at first glance , without any training or investigation .
But if a new language is “ intuitive , ” it can only offer you a marginal improvement over the languages you already know well .
You need n’t look at functional langauges like Scala to see this at work .
Is Ruby ’s for loop an improvement over Java ?
By how much ?
Ruby ’s big win over Java in that regard is the ease with which you can use Enumerable ’s collect , select , detect , and inject methods .
Which , of course , are not familiar to the programmer with a grounding in for loops .
They require study to understand .
But once understood , they make code easier to read thereafter .
post scriptum :
As Justin points out in the comments , the real meaning of the “ Principle of Least Surprise ” is that languages should be consistent .
The principle applies to how the language behaves when you already know something about it .
So if you see , the questions is whether this makes sense if you already know that underscore is a function parameter .
And more :
The word " intuitive " ... is n't .
And even more , from Matz in Japanese : http://www.rubyist.net/~matz/20080108.html#p02
Vol.60 /No.36 October 14 , 1996
Guevara : ` Create Two , Three , Many Vietnams '
BY ERNESTO CHE GUEVARA
October 9 marks the 29th anniversary of the death of Ernesto " Che " Guevara at the hands of the Bolivian army , in a CIA - organized operation .
Guevara , born in Argentina , joined the movement led by Fidel Castro and other Cuban revolutionaries and became a commander in the Cuban Rebel Army .
After the overthrow of the U.S. - backed dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista in 1959 , he became one of the central leaders of the new workers and farmers government .
Guevara held a number of posts , including president of the National Bank and minister of industry , and frequently represented Cuba internationally , including at the United Nations and in other world forums .
Guevara resigned his government posts and responsibilities in early 1965 and left Cuba in order to return to South America to help advance the anti-imperialist and anticapitalist struggles that were sharpening in several countries .
Along with a number of volunteers who would later join him in Bolivia , Guevara went first to the Congo ( now Zaire ) where he aided the anti-imperialist movement founded by Patrice Lumumba .
From November 1966 to October 1967 he led a guerrilla movement in Bolivia against that country 's military dictatorship .
Wounded and captured by the Bolivian army on Oct. 8 , 1967 , he was murdered the following day .
Below are excerpts from Guevara 's " Message to the Tricontinental , " which he wrote in Cuba in 1966 before leaving for Bolivia .
The message was addressed to the newly formed Organization of Solidarity with the Peoples of Asia , Africa , and Latin America .
It was published in April 1967 in the organization 's magazine Tricontinental , under Guevara 's title , " Create two , three ... many Vietnams , that is the watchword . "
The article is included in Che Guevara and the Cuban Revolution , a collection of the revolutionary 's speeches and writings published by Pathfinder .
The selection below is reprinted by permission of Pathfinder Press .
In Asia , as we have seen , the situation is explosive , and Vietnam and Laos , where the struggle is now going on , are not the only points of friction .
The same holds true for Cambodia , where at any moment the United States might launch a direct attack .
We should add Thailand , Malaysia , and , of course , Indonesia , where we cannot believe that the final word has been spoken despite the annihilation of the Communist Party of that country after the reactionaries took power .
And , of course , the Middle East .
In Latin America , the struggle is going on arms in hand in Guatemala , Colombia , Venezuela , and Bolivia , and the first outbreaks are already beginning in Brazil .
Other centers of resistance have appeared and been extinguished .
But almost all the countries of this continent are ripe for a struggle of the kind that , to be triumphant , cannot settle for anything less than the establishment of a government of a socialist nature ....
The great lesson of the guerrillas ' invincibility is taking hold among the masses of the dispossessed .
The galvanization of the national spirit ; the preparation for more difficult tasks , for resistance to more violent repression .
Hate as a factor in the struggle , intransigent hatred for the enemy that takes one beyond the natural limitations of a human being and converts one into an effective , violent , selective , cold , killing machine .
Our soldiers must be like that ; a people without hate cannot triumph over a brutal enemy .
We must carry the war as far as the enemy carries it ; into his home , into his places of recreation , make it total .
He must be prevented from having a moment 's peace , a moment 's quiet outside the barracks and even inside them .
Attack him wherever he may be ; make him feel like a hunted animal wherever he goes .
Then his morale will begin to decline .
He will become even more bestial ; but signs of the coming decline will appear .
And let us develop genuine proletarian internationalism , with international proletarian armies .
Let the flag under which we fight be the sacred cause of the liberation of humanity , so that to die under the colors of Vietnam , Venezuela , Guatemala , Laos , Guinea , Colombia , Bolivia , Brazil - to mention only the current scenes of armed struggle - will be equally glorious and desirable for a Latin American , an Asian , an African and even a European .
Every drop of blood spilled in a land under whose flag one was not born is an experience gathered by the survivor to be applied later in the struggle of one 's own country .
And every people that liberates itself is a step in the battle for the liberation of one 's own people ....
We cannot evade the call of the hour .
Vietnam teaches us this with its permanent lesson in heroism , its tragic daily lesson of struggle and death in order to gain the final victory .
Over there , the soldiers of imperialism encounter the discomforts of those who , accustomed to the standard of living that the United States boasts , have to confront a hostile land ; the insecurity of those who cannot move without feeling that they are stepping on enemy territory ; death for those who go outside of fortified compounds ; the permanent hostility of the entire population .
All this is provoking repercussions inside the United States .
It is leading to the appearance of a factor that was attenuated by imperialism at full strength : the class struggle inside its own territory .
How close and bright would the future appear if two , three , many Vietnams flowered on the face of the globe , with their quota of death and their immense tragedies , with their daily heroism , with their repeated blows against imperialism , forcing it to disperse its forces under the lash of the growing hatred of the peoples of the world !
And if we were capable of uniting in order to give our blows greater solidity and certainty , so that the aid of all kinds to the peoples in struggle was even more effective - how great the future would be , and how near !...
We feel proud at having learned from the Cuban revolution and from its great main leader the great lesson to be drawn from its position in this part of the world : " Of what difference are the dangers to a man or a people , or the sacrifices they make , when what is at stake is the destiny of humanity ? "
Our every action is a battle cry against imperialism and a call for the unity of the peoples against the great enemy of the human race : the United States of North America .
Wherever death may surprise us , let it be welcome if our battle cry has reached even one receptive ear , if another hand reaches out to take up our arms , and other men come forward to join in our funeral dirge with the rattling of machine guns and with new cries of battle and victory .
THIS IS DEMOCRACY ?
The Des Moines Register informed the campaign that Kucinich is not invited because the newspaper determined  that a person working out of his home did not meet our criteria for a campaign office and full - time paid staff in Iowa . '
Kucinich has also been barred from public appearances by  the Iowa Democratic Party , Iowa Public Television , and well - funded political interests 
CBS :
" We used it against these three detainees because of the circumstances at the time , " Hayden said during a Senate hearing .
" There was the belief that additional catastrophic attacks against the homeland were inevitable .
And we had limited knowledge about al Qaeda and its workings .
Those two realities have changed . "
Hayden said that Khalid Sheik Mohammed - the purported mastermind of the 9/11 terrorist attacks on the United States - and Abu Zubayda and Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri were subject to the harsh interrogations in 2002 and 2003 .
Waterboarding is an interrogation technique that critics call torture .
Read on ...
By PETER ALLEN
Last updated at 23:10 31 December 2007
On the ancient newsreels he is a manic and intensely powerful figure , barking his orders and urging the Nazis on to world domination .
But yesterday this colour picture emerged of a very different Adolf Hitler .
Although he is still only 50 , the great dictator looks shrunken , stooped and almost doddering as he stands surrounded by children in fancy dress .
And that infamous postage - stamp moustache is flecked with grey .
Scroll down for more ...
Hitler invited the children , probably the sons and daughters of Nazi dignitaries , to his 50th birthday party on April 20 , 1939 .
The Fuhrer never had any children of his own but liked spending time with those of others - forever enthusing about how important they were to the biological future of the 1,000 - year Reich .
His chief propaganda minister Josef Goebbels 's six children were one of his surrogate families , as were the sons and daughters of his architect Albert Speer .
Scroll down for more ...
The main picture is one of several taken at the Eagle 's Nest , Hitler 's mountain - top chalet in the German Alps near Berchtesgaden , Bavaria .
They form part of a fascinating colour archive revealed more than 62 years after the Fuhrer 's death in his Berlin bunker .
And they also illustrate how rapidly he aged after posing at a 1933 rally of the SA or Storm Department - the brown - shirted mobsters who assisted Hitler 's rise to power .
Its leader Ernst Rohm , once a close ally of Hitler , was later murdered by the SS .
The pictures have been released by the Rue des Archives picture agency which was founded in Paris in 1936 - four years before Nazi forces occupied the city .
Scroll down for more ...
Hitler was always obsessed with the French capital - " It was the dream of my life to be permitted to see Paris " he announced while posing under the Eiffel Tower in 1940 - and pictures were stored there during the Nazi invasion and beyond .
Although Hitler was initially camera- shy , he soon realised the power of the image and commissioned Hoffmann , a founder member of the Nazi Party , to create numerous officially - sanctioned portraits .
However , Hoffman and his assistants were not used to working in colour , meaning that the Paris batch of photographs is likely to be the work of Hugo Jaeger , who specialised in what was a relatively new technique at the time .
From the Chicago Tribune , January 6 , 2007
Patriot Act
Why is it that those who proclaim their patriotism the loudest often demonstrate the least understanding of what this country stands for ?
Or to put it more accurately , what this country should stand for .
Take the debate on torture .
The disclosure that the CIA destroyed hundreds of hours of videotapes of two prisoners being subjected to " enhanced interrogation techniques " is only the latest reminder of what is being done in our name .
Pro-torture patriots who argue vigorously in favor of these techniques imply that their love of country is second to none because they are willing to use any means to defend it .
They are not above questioning the patriotism of those who disagree .
And they like to argue about the definition of torture , claiming that waterboarding and similar methods are not so bad .
Yet the United Nations Convention Against Torture , an agreement the United States signed and ratified , puts it in words hard to misunderstand : " The term ' torture ' means any act by which severe pain or suffering , whether physical or mental , is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining ... information or a confession . "
For a time , the friends of torture maintained that what was being done was no worse than fraternity hazing .
Now they say waterboarding should be used because it is so effective .
They point to the CIA interrogation of the former Al Qaeda operative Abu Zubaydah , who according to an ex-CIA agent broke down after 35 seconds of waterboarding .
Though President Bush described Zubaydah as " one of the top operatives plotting and planning death and destruction in the United States , " there are questions about his importance .
In his book " The One Percent Doctrine , " Ron Suskind quotes the FBI 's top Al Qaeda analyst as saying that Zubaydah was insane .
Other observers sugƒè gest that he was at best a lower - level logistics person .
After his waterboarding experience , Zubaydah warned of plots to attack shopping malls , banks , supermarkets , water systems , nuclear plants , apartment buildings and the Brooklyn Bridge .
Because none of these attacks ever happened , maybe he just sold his torturers the Brooklyn Bridge to get them to stop .
Some argue that the information obtained by such measures is the reason the United States has not been attacked again since 9/11 .
A better explanation is that Al Qaeda simply never was that big a threat or as effective an organization as our cringing , cowering leaders claimed .
Once its bases in Afghanistan were destroyed , it had little ability to mount operations beyond the attacks carried out in other parts of the world .
The fans of torture argue that preventing even one attack is reason enough to engage in acts illegal under U.S. and international law .
But is saving lives the only measure of whether a government should act ?
More than 17,000 Americans die every year in traffic accidents involving alcohol .
Think of the hundreds , even thousands , of lives that could be saved if drunken drivers were locked up indefinitely and never given trials .
Many people who normally urge a limited role for government somehow expect from it absolute security in an uncertain world .
They see no reason for government to protect others from hunger or ill health while conferring on it unlimited powers to protect them from any foreign threat , real or imagined .
These patriots claim they support our troops , but they think there is no price too high for our soldiers to pay so that they may enjoy a greater sense of safety .
They also assume that the actions they propose will produce only the desired results and never have unintended consequences .
Even if torture did prevent some terrorist acts , does not the use of torture inspire and encourage other acts of terrorism ?
What better recruiting poster for potential terrorists than one that reads , " Uncle Sam wants to torture you " ?
Ronald Reagan was such a popular president because he made Americans feel good about themselves without challenging them to examine why they thought this country great .
Did Reagan refer to America as a shining city on a hill just because all the lights are left on ?
Or is it because we hold ourselves to the highest standards and do n't throw them overboard when faced with a threat ?
We must ask ourselves :
If we are not unequivocally against torture , then what do we stand for ?
The State Department each year does a human - rights report card on every other nation in the world .
Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice often asserts with a straight face that the Bush administration lives up to its commitments and bases its foreign policy on our values .
She also has explained why : " When we respect our international legal obligations and support an international system based on the rule of law , we do the work of making the world a better place , but also a safer and more secure place for America . "
That , in the end , is the best way to protect America : to live up to our rhetoric and our values .
Dennis Jett is a former ambassador to Peru and Mozambique who served on the National Security Council .
His second book , " Why American Foreign Policy Fails , " will be published in May .
_______
About author Dennis C. Jett was a career diplomat from 1972 to 2000 and served in Argentina , Israel , Malawi and Liberia , as Ambassador to Peru and Mozambique and on the National Security Council .
He is currently a Professor of International Affairs at Penn State .
CLARKSBURG , West Virginia ( CNN ) --
The FBI is gearing up to create a massive computer database of people 's physical characteristics , all part of an effort the bureau says to better identify criminals and terrorists .
The FBI wants to use eye scans , combined with other data , to help identify suspects .
But it 's an issue that raises major privacy concerns -- what one civil liberties expert says should concern all Americans .
The bureau is expected to announce in coming days the awarding of a $ 1 billion , 10 - year contract to help create the database that will compile an array of biometric information -- from palm prints to eye scans .
Kimberly Del Greco , the FBI 's Biometric Services section chief , said adding to the database is " important to protect the borders to keep the terrorists out , protect our citizens , our neighbors , our children so they can have good jobs , and have a safe country to live in . "
But it 's unnerving to privacy experts .
" It 's the beginning of the surveillance society where you can be tracked anywhere , any time and all your movements , and eventually all your activities will be tracked and noted and correlated , " said Barry Steinhardt , director of the American Civil Liberties Union 's Technology and Liberty Project .
The FBI already has 55 million sets of fingerprints on file .
In coming years , the bureau wants to compare palm prints , scars and tattoos , iris eye patterns , and facial shapes .
The idea is to combine various pieces of biometric information to positively identify a potential suspect .
A lot will depend on how quickly technology is perfected , according to Thomas Bush , the FBI official in charge of the Clarksburg , West Virginia , facility where the FBI houses its current fingerprint database .
Watch what the FBI hopes to gain »
" Fingerprints will still be the big player , " Bush , assistant director of the FBI 's Criminal Justice Information Services Division , told CNN .
But he added , " Whatever the biometric that comes down the road , we need to be able to plug that in and play . "
First up , he said , are palm prints .
The FBI has already begun collecting images and hopes to soon use these as an additional means of making identifications .
Countries that are already using such images find 20 percent of their positive matches come from latent palm prints left at crime scenes , the FBI 's Bush said .
The FBI has also started collecting mug shots and pictures of scars and tattoos .
These images are being stored for now as the technology is fine - tuned .
All of the FBI 's biometric data is stored on computers 30 - feet underground in the Clarksburg facility .
In addition , the FBI could soon start comparing people 's eyes -- specifically the iris , or the colored part of an eye -- as part of its new biometrics program called Next Generation Identification .
Nearby , at West Virginia University 's Center for Identification Technology Research , researchers are already testing some of these technologies that will ultimately be used by the FBI .
" The best increase in accuracy will come from fusing different biometrics together , " said Bojan Cukic , the co-director of the center .
But while law enforcement officials are excited about the possibilities of these new technologies , privacy advocates are upset the FBI will be collecting so much personal information .
" People who do n't think mistakes are going to be made I do n't think fly enough , " said Steinhardt .
He said thousands of mistakes have been made with the use of the so - called no - fly lists at airports -- and that giving law enforcement widespread data collection techniques should cause major privacy alarms .
" There are real consequences to people , " Steinhardt said .
Watch concerns over more data collection »
You do n't have to be a criminal or a terrorist to be checked against the database .
More than 55 percent of the checks the FBI runs involve criminal background checks for people applying for sensitive jobs in government or jobs working with vulnerable people such as children and the elderly , according to the FBI .
The FBI says it has n't been saving the fingerprints for those checks , but that may change .
The FBI plans a so - called " rap - back " service in which an employer could ask the FBI to keep the prints for an employee on file and let the employer know if the person ever has a brush with the law .
The FBI says it will first have to clear hurdles with state privacy laws , and people would have to sign waivers allowing their information to be kept .
Critics say people are being forced to give up too much personal information .
But Lawrence Hornak , the co-director of the research center at West Virginia University , said it could actually enhance people 's privacy .
" It allows you to project your identity as being you , " said Hornak .
" And it allows people to avoid identity theft , things of that nature . "
Watch Hornak describe why he thinks it 's a " privacy enhancer " »
There remains the question of how reliable these new biometric technologies will be .
A 2006 German study looking at facial recognition in a crowded train station found successful matches could be made 60 percent of the time during the day .
But when lighting conditions worsened at night , the results shrank to a success rate of 10 to 20 percent .
As work on these technologies continues , researchers are quick to admit what 's proven to be the most accurate so far .
" Iris technology is perceived today , together with fingerprints , to be the most accurate , " said Cukic .
But in the future all kinds of methods may be employed .
Some researchers are looking at the way people walk as a possible additional means of identification .
The FBI says it will protect all this personal data and only collect information on criminals and those seeking sensitive jobs .
The ACLU 's Steinhardt does n't believe it will stop there .
" This had started out being a program to track or identify criminals , " he said .
" Now we 're talking about large swaths of the population -- workers , volunteers in youth programs .
Eventually , it 's going to be everybody . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Privacy Rights • Information Privacy • Federal Bureau of Investigation
10 Celebrities Who Should Have Died Young
Some people overstay their welcome .
Like the house guest thats great for the first few days but eventually drinks all the beer and wo n’t get off your couch , some celebrities just stick around too long .
Whether they become drunks , failures , criminals , perverts or worst of all ; George Lucases ( Luci ? ) , later actions ruin their legacy .
Below are the top 10 celebrities who could have been remembered fondly , if only they left in the year suggested .
10 . Orson Welles : 1942
What he was :
The 20 - something writer , director , producer and star of “ Citizen Kane ” .
What he became :
An embarrassment , a drunk and punchline .
9. Elvis Presley : 1963
What he was : A dynamic heart - throb who transcended musical genres .
What he became : A pill - popping , Nixon - loving , fat , slurring , impotent pedophile .
8. O.J. Simpson : 1988
What he was :
The Juice , Heisman Trophy winner , record - breaking sprinter , 2,000 yard NFL rusher , actor and all - around great guy .
What he became : Abusive husband , killer , liar , author , robber and bail violator .
I could have let the first murder slide but he ’s really piling it on .
7. Whitney Houston : 1991
What she was :
Best selling solo artist , first female solo artist to hit # 1 , seven consecutive # 1 singles .
The woman was hip , hot and talented .
What she became :
That chick who sings that one song that I hate .
Also , she likes the crack .
6. Madonna : 1989
What she was : A young superstar who would crank out constant hits whilst being an unapologetic slut .
Possibly the perfect woman .
What she became : A talentless , roided up , baby stealing , British Yoko with an Angelina complex
5. Michael Jackson : 1987
What he was : Musical prodigy , the heart of The Jackson 5 , singer , song writer and one hell of a dancer .
What he became : A creepy , white , child molester who makes crappy music and statues of himself .
Also , he stared in a video game where the main objective is to “ collect ” little children .
4. Courtney Love : 1994
What she was :
The hot , talented , wife of my generation ’s Elvis .
What she became : A drugged up Goldie Hawn from “ Death Becomes Her “ .
Also , Billy Corgan wrote her songs and I ’m pretty sure she killed Kurt .
3. Tom Cruise : 1992
What he was : Star of Taps , The Outsiders , Risky Business , Top Gun , The Color of Money , Rain Man and Born on the 4th of July .
Amazing .
What he became : A psychology - bashing , closeted , high - heel wearing cultist who has n’t made a good movie in 16 years .
He also sues people a lot , so I ’ll stop there .
2. Mel Gibson : 1998
What he was : A fresh - faced Australian star that mixed bad - boy good looks with stunning acting chops .
What he became :
Not only crazy , but jew - hating crazy .
That ’s a big no - no in Hollywood .
Plus , he ’s not even Australian .
1. Paris Hilton : 1980
What she was : A beautiful little zygote with her whole life ahead of her .
What she became :
The personification of everything wrong with America .
Narrowly missing the list ; Olsen Twins : 2003 , Brit Brit : 2000 , Hitler : 1938
Click here for other comics found on this website - RSS Feed
Also here - HOOKED ! - TRAPPED ! - POODLE - 1968 - 74 Alcoholics Anonymous Comic Strips - SPREE : An Escape From Reality
You are reading : " TEEN - AGE BOOBY TRAP " ( 1970 )
1970s Comic Book from the US Bureau of Narcotics & Dangerous Drugs
page 01 - 02 - 03 - 04 - 05 - 06 - 07 - 08 - 09 - 10 - 11 - 12 - 13 - 14 - 15 - 16 - 17 - 18 - 19 - 20 - 21 - 22 - 23 - 24 - 25 - 26 - 27 - 28 - 29 - 30 - 31 - 32
Jump to a topic : Depressants - Hallucinagens - Stimulants - Opium - Hash - Marijuana - LSD - Amphetamines - Meth - Cocaine - Barbiturates - Morphine - Heroin - Codeine - Methadone - Demerol
PAGE ONE - CLICK THE IMAGE FOR THE NEXT PAGE
CLICK THE IMAGE FOR NEXT PAGE
Kate Beagley 's body was found in woodland in Hertfordshire
Karl Taylor , 27 , denies murdering Kate Beagley , a 32 - year - old manager , in Richmond , south - west London last year .
Peter Clarke QC , prosecuting , said Mr Taylor had led police to woods in South Oxhey , Herts , where the body was found .
Mr Taylor claims he took the knife to steal Miss Beagley 's Volkswagen Golf car , but stabbed her after an argument .
' Stinging nettles '
Mr Clarke told the court the Crown did not accept Mr Taylor 's version of what happened on 30 May 2007 .
He said Mr Taylor chatted to his girlfriend , Lauren , on his mobile phone as he drove Miss Beagley 's car with her body in the boot back through London in the early hours of the morning .
After stripping her body and dumping it in stinging nettles , Mr Taylor drove back down the M1 motorway and threw away her clothes and the murder weapon , Mr Clarke told the jury .
She noticed as they stepped past her that Kate was pretty and smiling , and perhaps it was women 's intuition , but she intuitively read the body language that they were on a first date
Peter Clarke QC
Over the next few days , the court was told , Mr Taylor " showed off his new car " to acquaintances and sold Miss Beagley 's mobile phone to one of his friends .
Miss Beagley 's father , Alan , reported his daughter missing and police soon traced Mr Taylor , who had met and danced with Miss Beagley , from Walton - on - Thames , Surrey , during a girls night out at CC nightclub in central London .
Mr Clarke told the court that Mr Taylor had admitted he hid a kitchen knife up his sleeve before going out on the date with Miss Beagley , a sales manager with British Gas .
' Pretty and smiling '
Mr Taylor , who told police he intended to steal her car , had accompanied Miss Beagley to the Roebuck pub on Star and Garter Hill overlooking the Thames at Richmond .
They had a drink and were last seen going outside by another customer , Susan Evans .
Mr Clarke said : " She [ Susan Evans ] noticed as they stepped past her that Kate was pretty and smiling , and perhaps it was women 's intuition , but she intuitively read the body language that they were on a first date . "
Earlier , another customer in the pub noticed " the tall black man and the young white woman " and said she appeared distracted and was texting someone on her phone .
Mr Clarke said the text messages were to two of her girl friends .
In one she said : " Out in Richmond .
Have fun " , and in the other " Missing it .
Out on town . "
Mr Taylor later told police they sat on a bench for a while before leaving and driving off in Miss Beagley 's car .
Stabbed 31 times
He said he had lied to her about dropping his keys near the bench and when they returned they had an argument and he stabbed her .
Mr Clarke said Mr Taylor 's version of events failed to explain why it was necessary to stab Miss Beagley 31 times , including in the face , neck and throat .
She also had two defence injuries to her hands .
He said Miss Beagley 's car was seen crossing Chiswick Bridge just before midnight and Mr Taylor was seen buying around £ 1 worth of diesel at a garage in Shepherds Bush shortly afterwards .
Mr Clarke pointed at a still photograph from CCTV of the car parked on the garage forecourt and told the jury : " In that image Kate Beagley 's body is in the boot . "
Frantic family
The morning after the murder Mr Taylor turned up at his mother 's home in Notting Hill , west London , and offered to take his nephew to playschool in the VW Golf , which he claimed was his new car , the court heard .
Mr Taylor gave his mother some Marks & Spencer shopping vouchers which , the Crown claimed , probably belonged to Miss Beagley .
Her frantic family tried desperately to trace her and then called in the police .
Two days after Miss Beagley went missing a detective turned up at the flat of Mr Taylor 's friend in west London and interviewed him for several hours before arresting him .
Mr Clarke said Mr Taylor had asked to relieve himself several times during the interview and police later found Miss Beagley 's car keys hidden in the toilet .
The trial continues .
This paper describes the GNU make “ jobserver ” implementation : it is meant mainly for people who want to understand the GNU make jobserver , but also for those interesting in a traditionally hairy problem in UNIX programming : how to wait for two different types of events ( signals and file descriptors ) at the same time .
Job - whatsis now ?
GNU make , as I assume you know if you ’re reading this , is the GNU implementation of the venerable make program which controls and directs the rebuilding of programs from source in the most efficient way possible .
GNU make has a capability not found in too many other implementations of make : it can invoke multiple commands , or “ jobs ” , in parallel .
When GNU make can determine that two commands are completely independent of each other ( and when the user has requested it ) , GNU make will invoke them both at the same time .
There are basically three types of parallelism available in GNU make : none ( each job is executed serially so that the previous job must complete before the next begins ) , infinite ( GNU make invokes as many jobs as are possible , given the prerequisite information in the makefile ) , and “ at most N ” , where GNU make will invoke between 1 and N jobs , but never more than N .
It ’s this last type of parallelism that is the most common , for users who use parallelism at all , and it is that type at which the jobserver feature is directed .
What ’s the point ?
Before we can understand what jobserver is , we need to understand the problem it ’s designed to solve .
If you consider a simple program with one directory , one makefile , and one instance of make to process it , then it ’s easy to see that the GNU make program can always know how many jobs it has outstanding at any given time , and so it can always ensure that as many jobs as possible are running at the same time , without exceeding the limit of N jobs .
However , very few programs these days are simple enough to fit into a single directory .
Most have a number of subdirectories as well .
And most make environments , despite compelling arguments against it , use a traditional recursive build style where a makefile in the toplevel directory invokes a new make in each subdirectory , and those subdirectory makefiles may themselves invoke more sub -makes again in their subdirectories .
In this recursive environment , we can see that no one instance of GNU make has enough information , enough “ global vision ” , to be able to know how many jobs are being run at any given moment across all the other instances of make .
So , GNU make implemented parallelism in a sub-optimal way when recursion was involved : the top - level GNU make would implement parallelism as best as it could , but all the sub - make programs would run all their jobs serially .
This ensured that no more than N jobs were running , but it also led to a great deal ofinefficiency where very often fewer ( often much fewer ) than N jobs were running .
Even though this is a sub-optimal solution , a better solution was not immediately obvious .
Coordinating a number of instances of GNU make so that only N jobs were invoked across all the different processes is a tricky problem .
Any number of solutions for communicating between these make processes could be envisioned , and all with problems such as complexity , non-portability , etc .
And so it stayed , up until GNU make version 3.78 was released in September 1999 , when the jobserver feature was added to GNU make .
It all started …
In February of 1999 , Howard Chu < hyc@highlandsun.com > sent me a patch with the basic idea of the jobserver .
Rather than using complex schemes such as a central server , shared memory , sockets , etc. for synchronizing the various instances of make , he suggested we use the simplest , most basic UNIX construct : a pipe .
Not only is this easy , but it ’s also a relatively portable concept .
Most operating systems these days implement some sort of pipe feature , because that paradigm is so useful .
The idea is ingeniously simple : the initial , top - level make creates a pipe and writes N one - byte tokens into the pipe .
That pipe is shared between that make and all submakes , and any time any make wants to run a job it first has to read a token from the pipe .
Once the job is complete , it writes the token back to the pipe .
Since there are only N tokens , you know that you will never invoke more than N jobs .
I spent some time going back and forth with Howard on implementation details , and also convincing myself that reads and writes of one - byte tokens to a pipe were atomic and robust .
Then in July 1999 we started hashing out the algorithm in earnest .
After some weeks , I enlisted the aid of Paul Eggert < eggert@twinsun.com > and Tim Magill < tim.magill@telops.gte.com > , to make sure we had a wider set of experience .
Paul in particular brings an extremely wide range of knowledge on the idiosyncrasies of various operating systems .
Finally , towards the end of July we involved Roland McGrath < roland@gnu.org > , for his expertise in UNIX , POSIX , libc implementation , and also to make sure we considered the Hurd in any solution we came up with .
The five of us ( Howard , Paul , Tim , Roland , and myself ) spent a significant portion of July and especially August of 1999 sending email back and forth , dreaming up , testing , and discarding various implementations until finally the “ right ” implementation was obtained … although there are still issues as you ’ll see below .
Jobserver Requirements
As the development went on I evolved a list of features that I deemed critical to the success of the implementation :
The method must be conceptually simple — although some of the
details might be complex .
The method must be absolutely reliable : it cannot lose tokens
( leading to deadlock ) or otherwise misbehave .
An unreliable make is
no better than no make .
The method should be as portable as possible ; although I did
not require it to work on every operating system that GNU make
supported , I certainly did want it to work at least on every
moderately modern UNIX / POSIX - like OS .
The Final Result
In brief , here is how the GNU make jobserver implementation works today .
Below I will discuss some of the more hairy details , as well as describe some of the alternatives we considered and dismissed .
The user invokes make with the -j N option , specifying parallel builds with at most N concurrent jobs .
GNU make creates a pipe , and writes N - 1 tokens into the pipe .
A token is just a one - byte character .
All tokens are identical .
We write only N - 1 tokens because one is considered used up by this top - level instance of make .
The top - level GNU make constructs a special form of the -j option , which specifies the read and write file descriptors ( FDs ) for the jobserver pipe , and installs it to be passed to any sub-makes so they can also access the jobserver pipe .
Now make processing proceeds normally , to read in makefiles and determine what targets need to be rebuilt .
When GNU make determines that a target needs to be rebuilt , a token is obtained .
One of these cases will hold if we are in a non-infinite parallel build :
This instance of make has no jobs running .
In this case , the job is started without needing a token .
Each instance of make has a token that it was started with : that token is a “ free ” token which can always be used by that make and only that make .
So , every recursive invocation of make can always run at least one job at all times .
This instance of make has one or more jobs running .
In this case , GNU make does a blocking read of one byte on the jobserver pipe .
When it returns , usually it means we have a new token we can use for this job .
When a job is finished , one of these cases will hold :
This instance of make still has one or more jobs running .
In this case , a one - byte token is written back to the jobserver pipe .
This was the last job currently being executed by this make .
In this case we do n’t write a token ; this represents the personal token owned by the make process .
If the job to be run is not a sub - make ( determined the same way GNU make has always done so : by the absence of both the MAKE variable in the command script and the special prefix + before a line in the command script ) , then GNU make will close the jobserver pipe file descriptors before invoking the commands .
This ensures that no other commands will interrupt the jobserver processing , and it also ensures that ( poorly written , but … ) commands that expect certain file descriptors to be available will not be disappointed .
If the makefile is not well - formed and GNU make ’s heuristic for detecting sub - makes is not successful , then the sub - make will find the special form of the -j option .
When it tries to access the jobserver file descriptors , it will fail since the parent has closed them before invoking the sub -make .
In that case , GNU make generates an informative message and proceeds in a serial fashion ( as if it had been invoked without -j ) .
Then it gets ugly …
The above algorithm seems simple , but it dances around a very tricky problem .
In a normal , serial invocation GNU make will invoke a command script , then wait for it to complete before proceeding with the next command .
In a parallel invocation , we usually need to wait on one of two different events : either a job we already invoked completes , or a new token is made available on the jobserver pipe .
The former event is heralded ( in an asynchronous fashion , which we require in this situation ) by subscribing for , and receiving , a SIGCHLD signal .
The latter event , obviously , means that data is ready to be read on a file descriptor .
Unfortunately , in UNIX it is quite difficult to write a program which can both wait for a signal and wait for data on a file descriptor simultaneously .
Solving this problem in as portable and reliable a manner as possible is what took us all that time : the rest of the algorithm was quite simple to write .
Here I describe how GNU make manages this , and below I discuss some other options we considered , and discarded .
Most of these are quite respectable solutions : I decided they were not ideal for the purposes of GNU make , which are quite specific , but they may well be the best for other situations .
The precise implementation details may be slightly different in the current version of GNU make , but this is the general outline of the solution :
We install a signal handler for SIGCHLD .
This signal handler will close the duplicate file descriptor created in the first step .
We set the SA_RESTART flag on this signal handler .
This ensures that any system calls that are in progress when the signal handler is invoked will be automatically restarted by the kernel .
Without this , we would have to check every system call in GNU make to see if it returned EINTR , and restart it by hand .
Given the number of system calls , and user library functions that invoke system calls , in GNU make , this is an almost impossible task .
SA_RESTART saves us from that work .
Or so we thought …
GNU make continues on until it decides it needs to run a job .
If it is not currently running any jobs , then it simply invokes the job ( this is the single “ free ” token alloted to every make ) .
If GNU make is already running one or more jobs and wants to invoke another , then we need to get a token from the jobserver pipe .
This needs to be done very carefully to ensure that it ’s reliable .
We use dup to create a duplicate of the read side of the jobserver pipe .
Note that we might already have a duplicate file descriptor from a previous run : if so we do n’t re- dup it .
We reap all child processes which have died but not been reaped .
For each job completed , if we still have at least one outstanding job we write a token to the jobserver pipe to represent the completed job .
If it is the only job we had invoked it represents our “ free ” token , so we do n’t write a token to the pipe for that .
If we now have no jobs running , we can use the “ free ” token so we ’re done .
We still need to get a token from the jobserver pipe .
First we disable SA_RESTART on the SIGCHLD signal .
This will allow the blocking read to be interrupted if a child process dies .
Then , we perform a blocking read of one byte on the duplicate jobserver file descriptor .
This read could return in exactly one of these ways : Returns 0 : This means someone closed the write end of the pipe .
This actually cannot happen , because we never close the write end of the pipe .
So we do n’t worry about this .
Returns 1 : This means we actually got a token , so we now have a license to start a job and we ’re done .
Returns - 1 , and errno == EINTR :
This means we got a SIGCHLD , so one of our currently running jobs completed .
So , we go back to step 3 .
Returns - 1 , and errno == EBADF :
This is the tricky one .
This means that the file descriptor was closed , by the SIGCHLD signal handler so again a child has died and again to handle this we go back to step 3 .
Obviously , the tricky bits here are the dup of the read file descriptor and the signal handler .
It ’s critical to this algorithm that we can never enter into the blocking read in step 4e with any children that have died but not been reaped .
If that can happen , then we could enter a deadlock situation : because that child is outstanding , the token that would have been freed by that child is never released .
Because the token is never released and written to the pipe , the read might not return .
If no other children die to interrupt the read with a SIGCHLD , and no other instances of make exist or they enter into the same situation and do n’t write tokens back to the pipe , then deadlock occurs .
Because of certain features of the algorithm , like the “ free ” token , etc. this would actually have to happen in at least two instances of make , but it ’s possible .
In the above algorithm there is a race condition : no matter how soon after the loop to reap children in step 4 b we perform the read in step 4e , there is a gap between the instant we check for exited child processes and the instant we start the read .
If a child dies in that gap , it will not be noticed .
The tricky bits serve to fill that gap : if a child dies the SIGCHLD handler will close the file descriptor .
In that case , when we get to the read in step 4e , it will immediately return with a EBADF .
This tells make that a child died after we last checked ( really , after we ran the dup ) and before the read started , eliminating the race condition .
SA_ non- RESTART er ?
This is all very well , but problems began to arise .
After some debugging it turns out that not all operating systems that supposedly support SA_RESTART actually do support it properly .
Operating systems as common as Solaris do not properly restart common system calls like stat upon receiving signals , even if the SA_RESTART flag is properly set .
This is extremely unfortunate , as the POSIX standard is fairly clear on this point : if a system call can return with EINTR , then it must implement the SA_RESTART semantics properly .
Solaris , and a number of other operating systems , fail to do so .
GNU / Linux , I ’m happy to say , as far as I can tell does properly implement SA_RESTART .
Because of this I was forced to add special code back into GNU make to handle situations where system calls might return with EINTR , even in areas where I know that SA_RESTART will always be set .
This is highly unfortunate and , due to the difficulty I ’m sure there are places which are not properly protected .
In the latest versions of GNU make I ’ve done all the obvious and common cases , but it must be admitted that until the vendors properly implement the POSIX spec , there is an outside chance that using GNU make ’s jobserver feature will lead to unexpected behavior on those operating systems .
Other Options
As I ’ve mentioned , the above algorithm grew out of a long conversation , with many twists and turns .
It looks significantly different in the details from the original algorithm proposed by Howard .
Along the way we examined and discarded a number of alternatives .
Threads
Obviously one idea is to use threads .
It ’s common to have a separate thread for dealing with signals and combining threads with semaphores , etc. would allow GNU make to wait on two different types of asynchronous events simultaneously .
This was rejected because so far GNU make was single - threaded , and requiring multi- threading was deemed too much of a price to pay .
Internal Pipe with select
Listen :
Until this gets settled for once and for all , Mitt and Rudy and McCain are top - tier competitive in states around the country and Huck and Paul are rising representatives of key new constituencies .
-- Me
I do n’t think Huckabee and Paul are the ideal candidates to jolt the GOP out of its ideological rut , but they ’re better than nothing .
-- Ross Douthat
I do n’t like Huckabee , and I do n’t want him to do well , but both he and Paul drive different parts of the establishment crazy and could throw the entire race into disarray , which would be a good thing for many reasons .
-- Daniel Larison [ Huckabee ] and McCain seemed like the authentic and comfortably principled candidates , and Huck was witty and quick on his feet as well .
-- Peter Lawler
Huckabee seemed by far the most congenial candidate .
Paul is much clearer ; McCain soared tonight , in my view .
-- Andrew Sullivan
This is n't any kind of representative sample , but it is a fascinating cross-section of a bunch of people all generally on the ' right ' but with profound differences amongst them .
Fascinating , that is , because on the basis of these observations some possible facts emerge :
(1) McCain is n't fading anytime soon , though he 'll only win if the others kill each other off ;
(2) Huckabee is for real because he has a real constituency -- Fred Thompson 's plus Gersonites ;
(3) The Ron Paul wing (s ) of the Republican Party are now irreversibly present in GOP politics ;
(4) Mitt and Rudy maintain their death grips on one another at their peril .
As I suggested some time ago , it 's the Huck - Paul exchange on honor that really captures the major fissure in this race , in the GOP , and probably in the country -- and it runs right through both parties .
( An amazing matchup from a dependent - variable / independent - variable perspective would be Huck and Obama -- both therapeutic candidates arguing over whether it's more therapeutic to bring the troops home to maintain our sense of honor or keep them there to maintain our sense of honor . )
David Darlington agreed on Sept. 6 :
I 'm with James Poulos : FDT matters only to the extent he influences the line between Huckabee and Paul , the most important line in the GOP race this time around .
The big question to me now seems to be who 's the anti-Huckabee , other than Ron Paul ?
It 's not Fred ; it 's not Mitt ( though he has time to turn that around ) ; it 's not McCain , because of the war thing and the nobility thing ; and it sure as hell ai n't Rudy , Huckabee 's evil twin .
As you can see , this poses a problem for people who want to elect a Republican president who is n't a Gersonite .
Shockingly the choice would seem to come down to Mitt Romney or Ron Paul .
And if Mitt can't get torture right , the anti-Huck crowd will remain fatally uncomfortable with him and split between McCain , who would n't know therapy if you strapped him to the couch , and Paul , who 's the anti-McCain on the war .
It ai n't pretty .
Lots more to say but I 'll pause now and ruminate for a while .
Remember when vitamin C was hailed as the best , and maybe only , cold remedy ?
Then it became the Rodney Dangerfield of vitamins :
It did n't get any respect .
Citrus and other sources of Vitamin C can help fend off cancer , strokes and Alzheimer 's disease .
The nutrient 's glory days of curing scurvy - riddled sailors via juicy citrus fruit seemed to be the only thing keeping its reputation afloat , particularly after a massive research review found C to be virtually useless for fighting colds .
But do n't believe it .
The truth is that scientists have taken a fresh look at C -- and have found lots of new ways it can help you stay healthy and look and feel younger .
Here 's the latest on what C can really do for you .
Prevent wrinkles
You can't pick up a beauty product these days without the label touting its antioxidants .
There 's a good reason : Antioxidants -- like vitamin C -- help turn back the clock .
An October 2007 study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found that people who ate foods rich in vitamin C had fewer wrinkles and less age - related dry skin than those whose diets contained only small amounts of the vitamin .
C helps form collagen , which smooths fine lines and wrinkles , according to Patricia Farris , MD , clinical assistant professor of dermatology at Tulane University in New Orleans .
The key seems to be C's ability to fight free radicals , a by - product of cell metabolism in your body .
Free radicals are thought to attack proteins , fats , and DNA and break down collagen .
C also seems to guard against ultraviolet rays from the sun , which can lead to freckles and a mottled complexion .
" Vitamin C does some repair and firming on the skin , " Farris says .
Health.com : Can you guess her age ?
What to do now :
Use a topical vitamin C treatment daily after you wash your face and before you slather on moisturizer or sunscreen so it penetrates the skin .
Farris recommends La Roche - Posay Active C facial moisturizer or SkinCeuticals C E Ferulic topical antioxidant treatment .
Protect your heart
Experts continue to argue about whether antioxidants like vitamin C can prevent heart disease .
But some of the evidence is highly persuasive .
When Finnish researchers looked at studies involving nearly 300,000 people over 10 years , they found that taking more than 700 milligrams of C supplements daily reduced the risk of cardiovascular disease by 25 percent .
And a recent study from Harvard University researchers hints that women who take a combo of 500 milligrams of vitamin C daily and 600 IU of vitamin E ( another antioxidant ) can cut their risk of stroke by 30 percent .
It 's possible that people who take vitamin supplements simply have healthier lifestyles than those who do n't , which could explain this finding .
It 's also possible , experts say , that C enhances the functioning of endothelial cells ( which line the inside of all blood vessels ) , slowing artery clogging and lowering blood pressure .
What to do now :
Eat a lot of fruits and vegetables , which are full of vitamin C as well as other healthy nutrients , and consider taking C and E supplements .
Experts say there are essentially no risks , but first check with your doctor .
Health.com :
Get your C's here
Keep cancer at bay
A diet full of vitamin C - - rich fruits and vegetables is n't just good for your heart , it may also lower your risks of bladder , esophagus , stomach , and lung cancers .
Even though more research is needed to find out which compounds in fruits and veggies do the trick , researchers say the association is strong .
Someday , C may also be used to treat cancer .
High levels of C given intravenously seem to be toxic to cancer cells ( studies on vitamin C taken orally showed no effect on cancerous cells ) .
Intravenous C appears to trigger the formation of hydrogen peroxide , which kills some cancer cells while leaving healthy cells unharmed , says lead study author Mark Levine , MD , chief of the molecular and clinical nutrition section and senior staff physician at the National Institutes of Health .
Levine says doctors at the University of Kansas Medical School and Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia are trying this therapy on cancer patients .
What to do now : " Strive for five or more fruits and vegetables daily , in a rainbow of colors , " Levine says .
" It 's where the most benefit is .
Health.com : CAn C fight off a cold ?
Boost brain power
Pairing vitamins C and E is smart for another reason :
It may lessen your Alzheimer 's risks by as much as 64 percent , according to research in the Archives of Neurology .
Just 500 milligrams of C and 400 IU of E appear to be enough .
The brain 's high fat content makes it especially vulnerable to free radicals , but these antioxidants may act as shields , says study author Peter Zandi , PhD , an assistant professor at Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health .
" Some studies suggest that vitamin E does its job reducing free radicals in the body , but then its capacity is depleted , " Zandi says .
" Vitamin C may recharge E . "
Health.com :
The best multivitamin for you
What to do now :
Try taking C and E supplements , and talk to your doc about your risks for Alzheimer 's and dementia .
Save your eyesight
Vitamin C can't prevent the need for reading glasses around age 45 .
But anti-oxidants , including C , help prevent one of the leading causes of blindness : age - related macular degeneration ( AMD ) .
More than 3.5 million Americans are thought to be in the early stages , and the disease strikes more women than men .
A major clinical trial sponsored by the National Eye Institute showed that a daily supplement of 500 milligrams of vitamin C , 400 IU of vitamin E , 15 milligrams of beta - carotene , 80 milligrams of zinc , and 2 milligrams of copper reduced the risk of moderate or severe AMD - related vision loss by up to 25 percent .
The antioxidants neutralize damage to the retina caused by , you guessed it , free radicals .
What to do now :
If you 're at high risk for AMD ( you 're overweight or have a family history ) , check to see if your multi-vitamin contains the study 's amounts of C , E , beta - carotene / vitamin A , zinc , and copper .
Chances are , its C and E levels fall short , but additional supplements will do the job .
( Caveat : Do n't follow this advice if you smoke ; this level of beta - carotene may up your lung - cancer risks . )
Help you live longer
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Health Library
You 've probably heard that green tea boosts the body 's defenses against toxins .
That 's important because toxins are thought to contribute to cancer , heart attack , stroke , and lots of other maladies .
In fact , one to two cups a day may reduce a woman 's risk of dying by about 20 per-cent , Japanese researchers say .
What 's the vitamin C connection ?
Citrus juices ( lemon , lime , orange ) may supercharge the immunity - boosting power of green tea .
A new Purdue University study found that mixing citrus juice with green tea allowed 80 percent of the tea's anti-oxidants to stick around after simulated digestion , making the pairing healthier than thought , says study author Mario G. Ferruzzi , PhD , assistant professor in Purdue 's department of food and nutrition .
What to do now :
Add at least an ounce of citrus juice to your green tea -- or try Tazo Lemon Green iced tea or SoBe Green Tea 3G .
Both drinks are stocked with vitamin C. E-mail to a friend
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
Some months after 9/11 , I received a call from a British women 's magazine editor who wanted to commission a feature .
" It 's about terror sex , " she said .
I did n't know what she was talking about .
" You know , terror sex !
Everyone going out and having , like , crazy sex all the time , because they do n't know how long they 've got before a terrorist attack . "
I had never heard of this behaviour before , and nor for that matter since , but when I mention the call to Susan Faludi she nods - " Ah , yes , terror sex " - and laughs .
" But at least , " she points out , " terror sex was about fun .
It did n't require going out and buying a rolling pin . "
Faludi received her first call from a journalist writing a " reaction story " to 9/11 on the very day of the attacks .
She wondered why anyone would solicit her opinion on international terrorism , but after some vague preambles about " the social fabric " , the reporter 's purpose became clear : " Well , " he said gleefully , " this sure pushes feminism off the map ! "
The calls kept coming .
" When one journalist rang to ask if I had noticed how women were becoming more feminine , I asked her , ' What exactly is your evidence ? '
She said her girlfriends had started baking cookies . "
Within weeks the pattern was growing clear .
" It was the idea of the return of the manly man , and of women becoming softer .
That had become the trend story . "
At the time , Faludi was working on a biography of an eco activist .
" But I suddenly felt , ' Why am I off in the woods ? ' when I felt like I wanted to be writing something closer to what was happening . "
She began monitoring the post -9/11 media closely , and found them dominated by enthusiastic reports of a mass retreat by women into feminine domesticity , and a wholesale revival of John Wayne manliness .
Concerned that this narrative bore little resemblance to reality , Faludi shelved the eco biography and set about analysing the motives and evidence - or lack of - for this curiously reactionary narrative .
The result is her third book , The Terror Dream : What 9/11 Revealed About America .
I had read that the author of two feminist blockbusters , Backlash and Stiffed , was unexpectedly meek in person .
But the first impression is still a surprise , for Faludi , 48 , is so paper thin and softly spoken as to seem almost like a middle - aged child .
We meet in San Francisco , where she lives with her partner , and her manner is calm and kind , but wary .
My early questions widen her eyes , not so much like a rabbit in the headlights as a field mouse .
Faludi 's caution may be a legacy from the ferocity of public reaction to her previous work .
Ever since the publication of Backlash in 1992 , the author and journalist has found herself caught up in America 's culture wars , a combat zone to which her sensibility , though not her intellect , seems ill suited .
" Backlash was an advocacy book - or at least it was perceived that way , " she recalls , almost shuddering .
By comparison , she says , The Terror Dream " is not such a barn burner , which is fine by me " .
Less a call to arms than a piece of cultural criticism , its thesis is still highly contentious by the standards of mainstream American thinking .
When al - Qaida attacked their country , Faludi writes , the humiliating shame felt by American men watching helplessly on TV was experienced , at a subliminal level , sexually .
" The post - 9/11 commentaries were riddled with apprehensions that America was lacking in masculine fortitude . "
A Washington comment article panicked about the " touchy - feely sensitive male " who had been " psychopathologised by howling fems " , and speculated hopefully , " Is the alpha male making a comeback ? "
Despite the perversity of a nation " attacked precisely because of its imperial pre-eminence " reacting by " fixating on its weakness " , America 's media fell back in love with the manly man - an old - fashioned hero strong enough to defend his nation and rescue his womenfolk .
If he did not exist , he would have to be invented .
So firemen had to be superheroes , widows had to be helpless , unmarried women had to be frantic to wed and working mums had to want to stay at home .
Crucially , strong men had to protect weak women - a desire vividly dramatised by the Rambo - style rescue in Iraq of Private Jessica Lynch , who found herself reconfigured by the media from professional soldier to helpless damsel .
Faludi traces this " rescue narrative " right back to the original shame of America 's frontiersmen , whose womenfolk were frequently kidnapped by Indians - and , more shaming still , did not always want to be rescued .
" The ' unimaginable ' assault on our home soil was , in fact , anything but unimaginable , " she writes .
" The anxieties it awakened reside deep in our cultural memory .
And the myth we deployed to keep those anxieties buried is one we 've been constructing for more than 300 years . "
Somewhat to her surprise , The Terror Dream has received broadly good reviews in the US .
But this , Faludi suspects , has a lot to do with the fact that it was not published until last year .
" You know , " she says drily , " you really could n't say anything questioning in this country for years , not until hurricane Katrina - 9/11 was still too much of a sacred cow .
You certainly could n't make a cynical remark .
You saw what happened to Katha Pollitt . "
Pollitt was one of a number of women writers , including Susan Sontag , whose tentative dissent from the jingoistic chorus in the months after 9/11 provoked peculiarly spiteful uproar .
" Pollitt , honey , it 's time to take your brain to the dry cleaners , " one columnist sneered ; " We 're at war , sweetheart , " wrote another .
A man called Pollitt 's home number and ordered her to " go back to Afghanistan , you bitch " .
But surely male dissenters could - and in some cases did - incur outrage ?
" Yes , " Faludi agrees , " but the criticism towards women was n't just : that 's an unpatriotic thing to say .
It was : that 's an unpatriotic thing to say , and you 're a bad mother , and you 're morally deranged , you 're a ditzy idiot .
The language was very much coded in female terms .
And it was so way over the top .
I mean , some of these women had n't said very much of anything . "
Her theory that this signalled the advent of a misogynistic climate has been challenged by some critics , who point out that the period saw the first female evening network - news anchor , Harvard 's first female president and America 's first female secretary of state .
" I mean , " objected one , " how can she not mention that Hillary Clinton is the leading Democratic contender for president ? "
" I found that really exasperating , " Faludi responds , " because this is not a book about what 9/11 did to women .
Or to men , for that matter .
It 's a book about how 9/11 ripped the bandage off , so we could see the underlying machinery that makes the culture go .
The media and the rest of popular culture were n't recording people 's reactions to 9/11 ; they were forcing made - up reactions down people 's throats .
So whether Katie Couric 's at the anchor desk on CBS , that does n't contradict this . "
Besides , she adds : " For all the talk of Condi Rice being in a high position , the woman who was most celebrated in the White House was Karen Hughes .
And for what ?
For going back to the home . "
The presidential adviser stepped down in 2002 to spend more time with her family , a decision deliriously feted as " wise " and " unselfish " , under headlines such as " There 's no one like Mom for the home " .
A Wall Street Journal columnist diagnosed " a case of Sept 11 " , and speculated dreamily on the bliss of Hughes 's new domestic future .
" She can wash her face in Dove foamy cleanser , pat it dry , put on a nice - smelling moisturiser and walk onward into the day .
She can shop .
Shopping is a wonderful thing . "
More startling even than the retro-sexist nature of the mythmaking exposed in The Terror Dream , though , is the sheer scale of it .
Boundaries between fact and fiction appear blurred to the point of non-existence .
Time magazine dubbed George Bush " the Lone Ranger " , while one political analyst noted that his " evildoers " rhetoric reminded him of the " Whams " , " Pows " and " Biffs " of Batman , concluding : " This is just the kind of hero America needs right now . "
Scaling new heights of self - referential absurdity , the Daily News offered , as evidence for a story about the " opt - out trend " : " Talk of married , professional moms dropping out of the workforce to rear kids is all over magazines , talkshows and bookstore shelves . "
Reporting grew so detached from reality that " security mom " was allowed to become a staple of mainstream media and political discourse , even though Time 's lead pollster confessed that , despite searching for this new demographic identity , " We honestly could n't find much empirical evidence to support it . "
As a work of cultural criticism , The Terror Dream is comprehensively shocking .
But did n't the extreme disconnection between reporting and reality that it exposed present the author with a problem ?
If the country 's cultural narrative was driven more by fiction than fact , and failed to reflect the truth of post - 9/11 America , why base a whole book upon such spurious material ?
" Because we live in a culture that 's so . . . you ca n't . . . "
She casts a hand around the hotel bar helplessly .
" I mean , this is sort of miraculous , to be sitting in a room where there 's not some massive flat - screen TV yelling at us .
It 's almost a sci - fi feeling , this kind of constant bombardment of programmed thought . "
Its effect is not as simple , she stresses , as " monkey see , monkey do " .
" But it certainly has a warping effect on how we think about the world , and how we think about ourselves . "
Journalism became not descriptive but prescriptive - " and that had an enormous effect on our political life , our policy , our nightmarish policy , our misbegotten military strategy " .
In one respect , she concedes , cultural criticism today is less relevant than it used to be .
" The culture used to move relatively slowly , so you could take aim .
Now it moves so fast , and is so fluffy and meaningless , you feel like an idiot even complaining about it . "
But on the other hand , " I think a reason that a lot of people feel politically paralysed is that it used to be clear how power was organised .
But those who have their hands on the levers of popular culture today have great power - and it is n't even clear who they are . "
They may be commercially accountable , in other words , but not democratically .
The real trouble with cultural criticism , of course , is not unlike the weakness of social " trend " stories extrapolated from catwalk fashions .
Difficult to quantify or verify , its connections operate outside the calculus of statistical fact .
But as an explanation for how 21st - century America found itself comfortable with rendition and waterboarding and torture , the link from a John Wayne fantasy revival to a " Lone Ranger " cowboy president , to the lawlessness of the wild west , is powerfully compelling .
" We have to fight the terrorists as if there were no rules , " a senior New York Times columnist wrote , as if riding into town .
" A gunshot between the eyes , " advocated another in the New York Post .
" Blow them to smithereens . "
Does Faludi think , I ask cautiously , that this weakness for muddling up cultural fiction with reality is caused by the sheer volume and sophistication of America 's media ?
Or does something in the national psyche render Americans uniquely susceptible to the confusion ?
I 'm a bit worried that Faludi may feel the conversation is taking an anti-American turn .
But she does not do that classic liberal sidestep of going only so far , before retreating into patriotic disclaimers .
Her manner might be diffident , but her answer is n't .
" I think , " she says bluntly , " it combines with a number of prevailing , longstanding dynamics in the American mindset .
You know - the desire to be seen as innocent , that you can just hit the restart button .
That tomorrow's a new day , one person can make a difference - all these apolitical , and even anti-political , or certainly anti-historical ways of looking at the world .
That makes us more susceptible to Cinderella stories , and want to believe them .
Americans have always wanted to believe in some dreamy notion that has nothing to do with the facts that are right before them .
Americans are just so wedded to saying OK , let 's just turn the page and everything 's going to be fine . "
At the risk of sounding like a smiley , solution - orientated American interviewer , I ask if she has any constructive suggestions as to how to address the problem articulated in Terror Dream .
" I think the solution is actually to talk more about the problem , before saying let 's move on .
There is this five - minute window that happens after a crisis like 9/11 , when people are actually grappling with real experience , and with real feelings of vulnerability and weakness and pain and sorrow .
And that 's immediately swept aside in favour of this make - believe story line .
If we are really to free ourselves from that reflex , we have to understand the reflex - which is going to take more than five minutes .
After all , it took us hundreds of years to create it and buy into it . "
It 's so rare to meet an American who seems gloomier than me , I feel slightly embarrassed to mention our excitement across the Atlantic at the prospect of a new president , for fear of sounding naive .
Faludi wo n't say which way she voted in the Democratic primary - but does n't she feel optimistic about the forthcoming election ?
" Well , most of my voting life I 've been painfully disappointed , starting with the first election I was old enough to vote in , which brought in Ronald Reagan .
Yes , on the Democratic side we have a woman refusing to be a weak maiden , and we have a male candidate refusing to be the swaggering tough guy .
So maybe things have really changed .
But on the other hand , this myth never really goes away ; it just goes underground , and it 's going to come back with a vengeance in the general election .
You can already see it . "
I ask her what she means .
" Well , let 's assume McCain is the Republican candidate .
His story is going to be the story of Daniel Boone - the guy who was taken captive by Indians or , in his case , the North Vietnamese , and withstood torture and came back .
That 's the drama that 's going to be trotted out .
Already they 're talking about ' McCain the Warrior ' .
And then on the Democratic side , whoever the candidate is they 'll be attacked because they do n't fit into that rescue formula .
Clinton will either be accused of being not manly enough to withstand the terrorist threat , or accused of being too cold and calculating to be a woman .
Or both .
And Obama will be this scrawny guy who does n't seem macho enough to stand up to the enemy .
" I do n't think , " she smiles sadly , " we 've seen the last of the narrative "
· Susan Faludi's The Terror Dream : What 9/11 Revealed About America is published by Atlantic Books at £ 12.99 .
To order a copy for £ 11.99 with free UK p&p go to theguardian.com / bookshop or call 0870 836 0875 .
Where You Can Apply ?
The most efficient use of neem extracts for pest control has been found to be against chewing and sucking insects , principally lepidopterous caterpillars and beetle larvae .
The active ingredient accumulates in the growing tips of the treated plants , usually reaching functional levels within 24 hours of the leaves being sprayed .
No other insecticidal products have the rapidity of systemic activity of azadirachtin .
Only borer type insects are not affected by this insecticide .
Toxicity
The relative toxicity of neem extracts to non-target organisms is low .
In toxicological testing conducted by the United States Environmental Protection Agency , it was not possible to establish an ' LD - 50 ' for azadirachtin , because no symptoms were recorded , even at the highest dosage used .
As a result , there is no ' residual ' or ' withholding period ' necessary following the use of neem extracts .
Less Cost
The cost of pest control with neem extracts is relatively low .
In the developing world , neem leaf or fruit ( kernels ) produced by farmers from their own neem trees can supply no -cost or low - cost pest control .
Today , people from all over the world are insufficiently aware about their daily food consumption .
Most like to eat organic food and reduce GM ( Genetically Modified ) crops .
So farmers of both modern and developing countries are trying to produce organic crops .
But at this time there are lots of pests and insects which decrease the yield of crops and losses total yields .
For this reason farmers are interested in cultivating their crops under Integrated Pest Management and other control management systems .
If they want to produce crops without the help of synthetic insecticides , they can use organic pesticides such as neem ( Azadirachta indica ) plant extract .
Pest control using extracts from the Neem tree ( Azadirachta indica ) currently occurs in more than 55 countries throughout the world and neem products have been in use in parts of Asia , such as Myanmar and India for over 2,500 years .
Figure : Neem leaf , stem , fruit
One problem create about degradation of this extract with light specifically degradation of azadirachtin by ultraviolet light and daylight .
Some producers bypass this problem by mixing neem extract with pyrethrum derivatives ; the active constituents in the mixture synergise and are long - lasting .
Another one is lots of positive sides are here for neem plant cultivation , but only one problem that neem plant grows in tropical and sub-tropical region of the world .
So , climatic condition is the main factor for this plant establishment .
So , it ’s necessary to invent a variety which can easily in tempered regions of the world .
Geraldine Magda sat next to the nursing home bed of her dying sister and held her left hand .
Later that day , police in Austin , Minn. , found the dead woman 's wedding ring in Magda 's purse , and now Magda finds herself charged with two felonies .
Magda , 44 , of Mapleview , Minn. , was charged Wednesday with two felonies : theft and possession of stolen property .
According to police , Magda visited Mary Ulwelling , 58 , at the ComforCare Nursing Home in Austin on New Year 's Day , where her terminally ill sister only had a few hours to live .
Other relatives were present and noticed that Ulwelling 's gold wedding ring with diamonds , valued at $ 2,500 , was missing after Magda had visited .
Questioned by police , Magda said she sat next to her sister 's bed and held the dying woman 's left hand but denied taking the ring .
With Magda 's consent , police searched her purse and found the ring in a prescription pill container .
Magda said she did n't know how the ring got there .
Relatives told police that Magda has previously stolen jewelry from family members .
Mary and Paul Ulwelling were married in Las Vegas in the summer of 1999 .
PAUL WALSH
Everyone has heard of I Can't Believe It 's Not Butter ! , the margarine spread with the memorably comical name .
While there are many butter substitutes gracing our grocery store shelves ( oh yes , how they make my stomach juices flow ) , I assumed that this was the only product that used the word " butter " to market its superiority over other butter substitutes through its fascinating ability to be mistaken for real butter .
But my world of fake butter ( population : 1 ) was turned upside - down when I read Elyse Sewell 's livejournal entry documenting curious products from her local supermarket , including two more I Can't Believe It 's Not Butter !- like products : Butter It 's Not ! and Could It Be Butter ?
I found these names just as amusing as I Can't Believe It 's Not Butter , possibly more so , but googling their names showed that the Internet did n't really give a damn about these other products .
While I Can't Believe
It 's Not Butter returned 95,100 results , Butter It 's Not returned 1,760 results and Could It Be Butter ?
brought up the rear with a paltry 186 results .
I came across a few other fake butter products with peculiar names .
Check out the full gallery after the jump .
Butter It 's Not ! :
As scottbateman said , " By Yoda was named . "
Could it be Butter ? : I imagine a misguided consumer saying this name in a hopeful tone : " Could it be butter ?
Oh please , for the love of God , could it be ?... " and then falling into a heap of disappointment when they realize it 's not butter .
What , not butter ! :
Should n't this be a question !
Unbelieveable
This is not butter :
Although this product is from Taiwan , I think with a few additional exclamation marks and more appealing packaging this name could catch on in the US .
Move Over Butter :
It 's so good , it drives farmers to sing with their cows .
If that 's what you 're looking for .
I came across a few other names for fake butter products —
Is It Really Butter ?
( " Nope , fooled ya ! " ) and Too Good To Be Butter ( " Doubtful ! " ) — but I have no visual evidence to back this up .
If you 've ever seen these products or have other names to toss into the ring , please let me know .
Updated : 11/24/07
Taste Like Butter : I first read this as " Tastes Like Butter . "
I 'd think most people would if they have a few grammar lessons under their belts .
However , it 's " Taste , " not " Tastes . "
As Raphaël pointed out , " ' Taste Like Butter ' is n't even correct English ! "
But I can think of at least one situation where it could be correct : if it were a command .
" FOR THE LOVE OF GOD , TASTE LIKE BUTTER "
Updated : 11/25/07
You 'd Think It 's Butter ! :
Notice the typography on this product from H - E - B , a Texas - based grocery store chain ; the words " Think " and " Butter " are bolded .
Perhaps they want me to ... think butter ?
Yet how come every time I read the name I just want to attach , " But It 's Not ! " to the end of it ?
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Sony BMG plans to join the crowded pool of digital music services by launching its own music subscription service ... sometime .
Sony BMG CEO Rolf Schmidt - Holtz said that the service would allow customers unlimited access to Sony BMG 's entire library for a fee of € 6 to € 8 per month ( roughly US$ 9 - $ 12 ) and that the company was working with other labels and gadget makers in order to make it more appealing .
Schmidt - Holtz told German language newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung that he believes the venture will pay off for Sony BMG , assuming enough customers are interested .
He also acknowledged that the service would become more attractive if more big names joined in the initiative , and to make that happen , Sony BMG was in talks with other unnamed labels .
Schmidt - Holtz also indicated that the company was trying to work out deals with handset and gadget makers , like the one Nokia has with Universal .
The service would definitely be a subscription service , Schmidt - Holtz said , complete with music that expires if you do n't renew .
Curiously , he added that service would ideally work on all digital music players , including Apple 's iPod .
But expiring music requires DRM , and there is yet to be a universal DRM scheme that works on both Apple - made devices and everything else .
He did indicate , however , that there might be a way to purchase individual tracks ( a la Napster ) in order to build a digital music collection that would n't disappear later .
As for a timeline , well , there is n't one .
Schmidt - Holtz did n't talk about when he expects the service to launch or any other specific details , indicating that the idea is ( at best ) still in its early stages .
He did address a question about whether Apple wields too much power in the digital music world , saying that " the market share is huge " and that there 's room for more than one party to sell music .
This , of course , is true .
But from what Schmidt - Holtz has revealed so far , it does n't appear as if there 's anything new or innovative about Sony BMG 's planned subscription service .
And unless the label can get other major labels on board , the service will seem odd and incomplete with only a select group of major artists — most average listeners do n't keep track of which label their favorite singers and bands belong to .
It 's clear that Sony BMG has a lot of planning to do before launching its online music initiative .
In an already - crowded space , the label will have to find some way to stand out and get noticed — something the label is surely aware of already , after parent company Sony shuttered the struggling Sony Connect service under a year ago .
The YouServ Project
YouServ is software that forms a webserving " grid " by allowing its users to pool their desktop computing resources to create one large , virtual web - space .
Unlike running standard webserving software , content hosted with YouServ can persist even when your machine is offline .
It also allows publishing your content from your own machine when behind firewalls or NATs .
YouServ leverages its community in other ways to increase the utility of personal webservers .
First , each YouServ node can interact with an integrated single sign - on system .
People who share content with YouServ and wish to access - control certain files can simply list the user ID 's of those who have access .
( No need to assign and maintain passwords . )
Users who access content on YouServ need only obtain one and only one account for accessing secured content on any node .
YouServ also provides its users with instant and automatic support of strong encryption ( SSL ) via an integrated certificate authority .
Finally , YouServ provides fast , fresh and complete search over YouServ - hosted content , even in the presence of node transience ( which renders standard web search results stale and incomplete ) .
Unlike other p2 p systems , YouServ does not require those who access YouServ- published content to install special purpose software or plugins , as it relies entirely on the ordinary web browser .
Its high availability , wide accessibility , and low cost provide a superior alternative to paid hosting services and other content sharing networks for a wide class of users .
YouServ was deployed internally within IBM as an experimental tool .
Its userbase grew organically , primarily through word of mouth , to a peak of over 2000 unique weekly users .
More information on YouServ and related research can be found in the following papers :
Clay , NY - A 37 - year - old man died Monday night after a Clay police officer used a Taser on the man , police said .
Christopher H. Jackson , of 4804 Norstar Blvd .
Apartment 213D , was pronounced dead at St. Joseph's Hospital Monday after he was hit by one cycle of a police Taser , Clay Police Commission Owen Honors said today .
Clay police and Onondaga County Sheriff 's deputies were called to Jackson 's apartment about 9:10 p.m. for a domestic complaint , police said in a press release .
" It was a physical domestic with his mother , " Honors said .
Jackson was found on the first floor of the apartment building by deputies , but he fled from them .
Jackson returned to his second floor apartment and confronted a Clay police officer .
During the confrontation , Jackson was yelling and aggressive , Clay police said .
" He was trying to beat up the policeman , " Honors said .
" He tried to grab him a couple of times . "
The Clay officer told Jackson " three or four times " that he was going to use his Taser on him , Honors said .
Jackson was in his bedroom when he was Tasered .
Honors believes it took only one cycle of the Taser to get Jackson under control .
That information is stored on a chip inside the X26 Taser model issued to police .
Jackson was not carrying a weapon , but he was using his hands to assault the officer , Honors said .
Officers placed Jackson in handcuffs .
Then they noticed Jackson , who was conscious and breathing at that time , was not responding to their questions , police said .
At that point , police requested paramedics .
The paramedics responded and began assessing Jackson , who went into cardiac arrest .
Paramedics began performing cardio- pulminary resuscitaion on Jackson and took him to St. Joseph 's Hospital , where he was pronounced dead , Honors said .
( Fortune Magazine ) --
In October 2003 , as the computer world buzzed about what cool new gadget he would introduce next , Apple CEO Steve Jobs - then presiding over the most dramatic corporate turnaround in the history of Silicon Valley - found himself confronting a life - and - death decision .
During a routine abdominal scan , doctors had discovered a tumor growing in his pancreas .
While a diagnosis of pancreatic cancer is often tantamount to a swiftly executed death sentence , a biopsy revealed that Jobs had a rare - and treatable - form of the disease .
If the tumor were surgically removed , Jobs ' prognosis would be promising :
The vast majority of those who underwent the operation survived at least ten years .
Yet to the horror of the tiny circle of intimates in whom he'd confided , Jobs was considering not having the surgery at all .
A Buddhist and vegetarian , the Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) CEO was skeptical of mainstream medicine .
Jobs decided to employ alternative methods to treat his pancreatic cancer , hoping to avoid the operation through a special diet - a course of action that has n't been disclosed until now .
For nine months Jobs pursued this approach , as Apple 's board of directors and executive team secretly agonized over the situation - and whether the company needed to disclose anything about its CEO 's health to investors .
Jobs , after all , was widely viewed as Apple 's irreplaceable leader , personally responsible for everything from the creation of the iPod to the selection of the chef in the company cafeteria .
News of his illness , especially with an uncertain outcome , would surely send the company 's stock reeling .
The board decided to say nothing , after seeking advice on its obligations from two outside lawyers , who agreed it could remain silent .
In the end , Jobs had the surgery , on Saturday , July 31 , 2004 , at Stanford University Medical Center in Palo Alto , near his home .
The revelation of his brush with death remained - like everything involving Jobs and Apple - a tightly controlled affair .
In fact , nary a word got out until Jobs ' tumor had been removed .
The next day , in an upbeat e-mail to employees later released to the press , he announced that he had faced a life - threatening illness and was " cured . "
Jobs assured everyone that he'd be back on the job in September .
When trading resumed a day after the announcement , Apple shares fell just 2.4 % .
Apple entertained no further questions about Jobs ' health , citing the CEO 's need for privacy .
No one learned just how long Jobs had been sick - or that he had contemplated not having the surgery at all .
" It was very traumatic for all of us , " recalls one of those in whom Jobs confided , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the topic 's sensitivity .
" We all really care about Steve , and it was a serious risk for the company as well .
It was a very emotional and very difficult time .
This was one page in the adventure . "
***
The Steve Jobs adventure :
By now it 's one of the most remarkable stories in business .
When Jobs returned in 1997 to Apple - then facing its own near - death experience - he arrived with a tarnished legend .
He was , of course , the charismatic boy wonder who at age 21 had co-founded Apple with Steve Wozniak in his parents ' garage back in 1976 .
He was worth $ 200 million by 25 , made the cover of Time magazine at 26 , and was thrown out of the company at age 30 , in 1985 .
What he 's accomplished in the past decade has not just restored Jobs to the Silicon Valley pantheon but elevated him to the status of superstar .
On the brink of bankruptcy when he returned , Apple now has a market value of $ 108 billion - more than Merck , McDonald 's , or Goldman Sachs ; $ 1,000 invested in Apple shares on the day Jobs took over is worth about $ 36,000 today .
And it is n't just Apple and its investors that have benefited from Jobs ' executive skill .
Pixar , where he served simultaneously as CEO , has come to dominate the animation business , churning out megahits like " Finding Nemo " and " The Incredibles " that prompted Disney ( DIS , Fortune 500 ) to buy the company in 2006 for $ 7.5 billion .
( Jobs now owns 7.3 % of Disney , worth $ 4.6 billion , in addition to Apple stock worth $ 682 million . )
No less an authority than Jack Welch has called Jobs " the most successful CEO today . "
Jobs , at age 53 , has even become a global cultural guru , shaping what entertainment we watch , how we listen to music , and what sort of objects we use to work and play .
He has changed the game for entire industries .
Jobs is also among the most controversial figures in business .
He oozes smug superiority , lacing his public comments with ridicule of Apple 's rivals , which he casts as mediocre , evil , and - worst of all - lacking taste .
No CEO is more willful , or more brazen , at making his own rules , in ways both good and bad .
And no CEO is more personally identified with - and controlling of - the day - to - day affairs of his business .
Even now , Jobs views himself less as a mogul than as an artist , Apple 's creator - in - chief .
He has listed himself as " co-inventor " on 103 separate Apple patents , everything from the user interface for the iPod to the support system for the glass staircase used in Apple 's dazzling retail stores .
Jobs ' product introductions are semiannual events , complete with packed houses , breathless blog dispatches , and celebrity appearances - two hours of marketing performance art .
Who else could have the nation panting in anticipation of a cellphone ?
After watching Jobs unveil the iPhone , Alan Kay , a personal computer pioneer who has worked with him , put it this way : " Steve understands desire . "
Jobs ' personal abuses are also legend :
He parks his Mercedes in handicapped spaces , periodically reduces subordinates to tears , and fires employees in angry tantrums .
Yet many of his top deputies at Apple have worked with him for years , and even some of those who have departed say that although it 's often brutal and Jobs hogs the credit , they 've never done better work .
How Jobs pulls all this off - how this bundle of conflicting behaviors can coexist , to spectacular effect , in a single human being - remains a puzzle , even though more than a dozen books have been written about him .
Jobs is notoriously secretive and controlling when it comes to his relationship with the press , and he tries to stifle stories that have n't received his blessing with threats and cajolery .
This story is one of them .
While Jobs agreed to be interviewed by my colleague Betsy Morris on the subject of Apple 's selection as America 's Most Admired Company ( see What Makes Apple Golden ) , he refused to comment for this story , which had been in the works for months .
Dozens of people who work or have worked with Jobs did agree to extensive interviews , most insisting on not being named ( even if praising him ) for fear of incurring his anger .
History , of course , is littered with tales of combustible geniuses .
What 's astounding is how well Jobs has performed atop a large public company - by its nature a collaborative enterprise .
Pondering this issue , Stanford management science professor Robert Sutton discussed Jobs in his bestselling 2007 book , " The No Asshole Rule : Building a Civilized Workplace and Surviving One That Is n't . "
" As soon as people heard I was writing a book on assholes , they would come up to me and start telling a Steve Jobs story , " says Sutton .
" The degree to which people in Silicon Valley are afraid of Jobs is unbelievable .
He made people feel terrible ; he made people cry .
But he was almost always right , and even when he was wrong , it was so creative it was still amazing . "
Says Palo
Alto venture capitalist Jean - Louis Gasse , a former Apple executive who once worked with Jobs : " Democracies do n't make great products .
You need a competent tyrant . "
Fair enough .
But it is also important to understand the ways in which Jobs ' attempts to manipulate his world pose risks for Apple - and thus its investors .
They are evident in his difficult partnerships with music and television companies , which chafe at his insistence on setting uniform prices for their songs and videos on iTunes ; in the real story of his battle with cancer ; and in his deployment of stock options at Apple and Pixar , which exposed both companies to backdating scandals .
Jobs himself judges the world in binary terms .
Products , in his view , are " insanely great " or " shit . "
One is facing death from cancer or " cured . "
Subordinates are geniuses or " bozos , " indispensable or no longer relevant .
People in his orbit regularly flip , at a second 's notice , from one category to another , in what early Apple colleagues came to call his " hero - shithead roller coaster . "
Jobs ' own story is far more complex .
And in the 26 years that Fortune has been ranking America 's Most Admired Companies , never has the corporation at the head of the list so closely resembled a one - man show .
Last year Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster opined that if Jobs were forced out as a result of the backdating scandal , Apple 's shares would drop 20 % overnight .
At the company 's current market cap , that would make him Apple 's $ 22 billion man .
" Steve Jobs running the company from jail would be better for the stock price than Steve Jobs not being CEO , " muses Sutton .
Jobs is hardly likely to be forced out , as we shall see .
On the contrary , he 's likely to continue taking Apple - and its customers , competitors , and investors - on a wild ride to places they could n't have imagined .
It may be instructive , then , to consider what drives the Steve Jobs adventure .
Guillermo del Toro has officially signed up to direct The Hobbit , according to reports leaking out from a film premiere in France .
The Pan's Labyrinth creator will oversee a double - bill of films based on JRR Tolkien 's fantasy adventure , which paved the way for The Lord of the Rings .
Peter Jackson , director of the Oscar - winning Rings trilogy , will serve as executive producer .
The announcement was made at last night 's French premiere of The Orphanage , a Spanish horror film that Del Toro helped produce .
Introducing the film - maker , the host told the audience : " Today is a big day because we are announcing what everyone wanted to hear , which is that he will be directing The Hobbit . "
Del Toro had previously been reported to be in negotiations to take charge of the project .
The Hobbit charts the adventures of the hobbit Bilbo Baggins , who joins a band of dwarves on their mission to liberate their treasure from a dragon 's lair .
Along the way , Baggins takes possession of a magical ring of invisibility .
The ring is later revealed to be the chief weapon of the dark lord Sauron .
The author devised this twist after completing the original tale , laying the ground for his famous Lord of the Rings trilogy of novels .
The Hobbit films will be backed by New Line with a reported budget of $ 150 m ( £ 78 m ) .
Production begins next year , with the pictures following in 2010 and 2011 .
House leaders sent a letter to fellow lawmakers Friday saying they strenuously oppose handing amnesty to telecom companies that helped the government 's secret , warrantless wiretapping program , even as the Senate is set to approve such a provision early next week .
Perhaps in response to that letter , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nevada ) filed a bill Friday that would give the two houses another 15 days to iron out a compromise without passing the expiration date on the extensive wiretapping powers handed to the Administration this summer .
This summer 's temporary legislation , known as the RESTORE Act , largely legalized the Administration 's warrantless wiretapping program that used American phone and internet infrastructure to target American and foreigners alike .
Now the Senate is set to extend those powers for another four to six years and hand retroactive immunity to the spying telecoms .
The House version – known as the Protect America
Act – scales back some of the domestic wiretapping powers handed over this summer and does n't include immunity .
President Bush has said he will veto any bill that does n't include immunity , but that could be politically pricey , if he is forced to veto a bill that expands traditional wiretapping authority .
House Energy Chairman John Dingel ( D - California Michigan ) along with Reps. Edward Markey ( D - Massachusetts ) and Bart Stupak ( D - Michigan ) sent their " Dear Colleague " letter ( .pdf ) to fellow representatives Friday urging them to separate the wiretapping powers issue from the immunity issue .
It is beyond dispute that the Government must be able to protect its citizens from terrorist threats .
But before Congress should consider the extraordinary notion of telling a Federal judge to dismiss a lawsuit pending before him , Congress has a duty to find out what happened and develop an adequate legislative record to justify such unusual interference with the normal practice of a co-equal branch of
Government — the Judiciary [...]
We believe serious and substantial questions concerning the past conduct of the present Administration and of the phone companies must be answered before Congress begins to consider providing immunity .
Electronic Frontier Foundation attorney Kevin Bankston applauded those sentiments in an EFF press release .
" Senators about to vote on immunity should heed the Chairmen 's warning : tying the question of telecom immunity to that of FISA reform is unnecessary and dangerous , " Bankston said " But if the Senate complies with the Administration 's pleas to cover up its illegal spying and bail out the phone companies , then it 's time for the House to step up and block immunity for lawbreaking telecom giants . "
The EFF 's case against AT&T for allegedly helping the NSA
wiretap the internet in a switching center in San Francisco is the lead case against the telecoms .
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is currently considering whether to overrule a decision that has allowed the case to proceed despite the government 's contention that the case will expose state secrets .
The most scientifically sophisticated product in your first aid kit may come from a humble green papaya .
An enzyme from the tropical fruit can chop venom to bits – reducing the pain from bites and stings .
Papain belongs to a category of molecules called proteases
\– proteins that slice and dice other proteins .
For decades , the plant - derived chemical has been the key ingredient in meat tenderizer .
It works by breaking lots of chemical bonds in tough animal flesh .
The kitchen supply is also a well - known home remedy for bug bites .
Many types of venom are peptides – small proteins .
Papain can tear them apart .
It may do some quite welcome collateral damage too .
By obliterating antibodies , proteins produced by our immune systems , the molecular machine could also reduce inflammation .
Recently , several companies have begun marketing first aid products that include the fruity destroyer .
Unfortunately , there is no word yet on how well it softens up steaks .
__If you have used meat tenderizer or one of the new first aid products to treat a bug bite , bee sting , or something more exotic , please share your stories in the comments section .
__
Today , China consumes only a third as much oil as the United States , which burns a quarter of the world ’s oil each day .
By 2030 , India and China together will import as much oil as the United States and Japan do today .
While demand is growing fastest abroad , Americans ’ appetite for big cars and large houses has pushed up oil demand steadily in this country , too .
Europe has managed to rein in oil consumption through a combination of high gasoline taxes , small cars and efficient public transportation , but Americans have not .
Oil consumption in the United States , where gasoline is far cheaper than in Europe , has jumped to 21 million barrels a day this year , from about 17 million barrels in the early 1990s .
If the Chinese and Indians consumed as much oil for each person as Americans do , the world ’s oil consumption would be more than 200 million barrels a day , instead of the 85 million barrels it is today .
No expert regards that level of production as conceivable .
More realistically , global demand is expected to rise to about 115 million barrels a day by 2030 , a level that is likely to tax the world ’s ability to pump more oil out of the ground .
Already , the world is running on a limited cushion of spare capacity ; any interruption in supplies , whether from hurricanes or armed conflict , causes prices to spike .
“ We do n’t have any shock absorbers , ” Mr. Goldstein said .
For oil companies , high prices have set off a frenzied search for new sources around the world .
After a long lull in investments through most of the 1990s because of low prices , major oil companies have invested billions of dollars to bring in more supplies .
The trouble is that these big new developments take a long time , and companies have been hobbled by higher costs .
The cost of drilling rigs , for example , the basic tool of the trade , has doubled in recent years .
Analysts say it will take time , but new supplies will eventually work their way to market .
Supplies have also been hampered by political tension in the Persian Gulf , the war in Iraq , devastating hurricanes in the oil - producing Gulf of Mexico , production difficulties in Venezuela and violence in Nigeria ’s oil - rich province .
Many of these geopolitical factors have contributed to a political risk premium variously estimated at $ 25 to $ 50 a barrel .
Recently , in just nine weeks , oil jumped from $ 75 to $ 95 a barrel for little apparent reason .
Join Plus + and get exclusive shows and extensions !
Subscribe Today !
This show is available for purchase in the MU Store
To kick of this weekend ’s installment we look at the recent comments from the Royal astronomer , Alien tracking tricks , and a classic abduction account with chilling regression audio .
( My favorite by far though is the tale of the Idaho Dinosaur ! )
Aaron also reveals his plans for self experimentation , this time with mood altering audio .
Links and music after the jump .
Please note that we do not post download links here .
Plus +
Members can download this episode through their RSS feeds or via the show notes at plus.mysteriousuniverse.org
Hear no , See no , Speak no… Alien ?
Aliens Tracking Tricks
The Allagash Waterway Abductions
Survive an Alien Abduction
Speed Kills
Inflatable Space Stations
1900 ’s Living Dinosaur
Unearthing Treasures of Iraq
Coming Soon to a Cosmetic Surgery near You… Skull Shaping
Exploding Head Syndrome
Build your own Nightmare !
Soviet War Dogs
Top 10 NASA Inventions
Urban Legends from Japan
Music
Penguin Prison – Something I ’m Not via Too Many Sebastians
Teen – Montage ( Panther Remix ) via Stoney Roads
Nils Ohrmann Feat Karas Day – Le Funk Fatale ( Daniel Steinberg Remix ) via You Can Call Me Pelski
Delphic – Halcyon ( Julio Bashmore Remix ) via FUNKISM
Matthias Meyer – Infinity via fluo kids
Closing Track
Penguin Prison – Something I ’m Not via Too Many Sebastians
A 65 - day cruise on aboard a cargo ship ?
That ’s so bananas … you belong on a banana boat !
OK , not all cargo ships are carrying bananas , but if you choose to take the “ slow boat , ” you may find yourselves among shipments of televisions , coal or even containers of mail .
And even in this “ hurry up and get there ” day and age , you may be surprised to learn that thousands of people travel this way each year .
As cargo ships sail between points to deliver products , sea-loving travelers are allowed to go along for the ride , often for dramatically less than what a traditional cruise might cost .
Traveling via freighter can also be a rougher ride than a cruise ship , but if you ’re cut out for it , you could be in for a big adventure .
“ There used to be a time when there was no other way of traveling , ” recalls Rankor Zunic , a Croatian sea captain who now operates the 15 - year - old travel agency , Maris Freighter & Specialty Cruises .
“ I am an old sailor .
I have been in the industry for 50 years , and we have always had passengers using freighters for cruises .
It ’s not as economical as flying , not as fast as flying , but people use them for vacations . ”
Most cargo ships can accommodate up to 12 passengers , but that ’s usually an exceptionally high number at any given time , explains Joycene Deel , who operates Freighter World Cruises , a Pasadena - based travel agency .
More likely , there will be just a few passengers , plus anywhere between 10 - 25 crew members and officers on board .
A freighter voyage can take anywhere from several days to several months , and travelers can pay about $ 100 per day to join the trip ( prices are often quoted in euros ) .
While cargo ship travel is usually more expensive than air travel ( in terms of getting to a destination ) , it is much more affordable when compared to traditional cruise ship travel .
Itineraries usually include far - off regions that would otherwise be difficult to cover in one continuous trip .
For example , Freighter World Cruises offers an 84 - day world cruise that starts off in Long Beach , California , and travels to Japan , South Korea , China , Taiwan , Hong Kong , and Singapore , then travels through the Suez Canal into Egypt , then Italy , Spain , back through the Suez Canal and into Malaysia , Hong Kong , China , Tokyo and finally back to Long Beach .
All that for about $ 10,080 , which breaks down to about $ 120 a day .
Try getting that kind of itinerary on Carnival .
If the idea of being at sea for so long sounds daunting , there are shorter trips available .
For example , Maris Freighter & Specialty Cruises offers Croatia ’s Coastal Voyages , two - week roundtrip voyages on vintage vessels between Opatija and Dubrovnik , as well as a selection of one - week voyages on the Northern , Central and southern Adriatic .
Depending on your expectations , climbing aboard a freighter may come as a bit of a surprise .
The size of these ships can vary greatly , but they ’re generally going to be much smaller than any standard cruise ship .
Small freighters ( which carry 1,000 or fewer containers ) and are about 485 feet long , while large ships start at about 965 feet long .
In comparison , Royal Caribbean ’s Voyager of the Seas is about 1,020 feet long , accommodating about 3,000 passengers .
Modern freighters are typically clean and comfortable with large cabins , and the exterior is usually pretty clean – however , there may be winches , cranes or other machinery ( for loading and unloading ) with exposed grease , so passengers are urged to dress casually .
It ’s important to keep in mind that traveling by freighter is more about the experience than the destination , and it can also be an exercise in independence .
You may only be able to stop in ports for eight to 24 hours — and there ’s no guarantee that you ’ll even be there during daylight .
A ship may arrive at midnight and depart the next day at 8 a.m. , leaving you no time to see the city .
Longer haul trips , especially around - the - world trips , tend to stop in ports for a few days at a time .
Keep in mind that your port of call can change on a whim , based on weather conditions , port congestion or other factors .
If you ’re planning on traveling by freighter , you need to have a relaxed , flexible attitude and schedule , as you may be dealing with unpredictable schedule changes like delays , extended trips and even skipped destinations .
( If you ’re truly a last - minute traveler , you might choose to hop aboard a “ tramp ship , ” which has no fixed schedule or port of call — the only problem is that you may get stuck in a port until the next tramp ship comes along . )
But even if you have some time to explore the area or if you ’re planning on disembarking for good , the crew members will be working to unload the ship , so you ’re pretty much on your own ; in other words , it ’s up to you to figure out transportation from the port and sights to see .
Your travel agency will mostly likely send you a list of expected ports , so it ’s best to learn in advance how far the port is from the city center and what sort of transportation is available .
For example , the French port Fos sur Mer is located a good 25 miles south of Marseilles .
However , it is possible that you may run into unforeseen difficulties : take the case of Charlotte Phillips , a freight traveler who came across a shipping agent in Chiwan , China , who did not want her to go ashore .
It was only after the captain vouched for her and she paid the agent a bribe that she was allowed to go ashore , with her valid 90 - day visa in hand .
The good news is that modern freighters have come a long way in terms of comfort — particularly when it comes to basic amenities like food and accommodations .
While some might imagine cramped sleeping quarters and watery gruel , the days of rough and tumble Viking ships are long gone .
After all , the crew has to live here too !
Today ’s freighters are generally spacious and clean , and rooms are comparable to that of the ship ’s officers ( think of a deluxe cruise ship room ) , with private bathrooms , a small refrigerator , a couch , table and desk , and even a steward to clean up after you .
When it comes to food , your experience can be surprisingly good :
Meals are prepared fresh , so really you just have to hope for the best when it comes to your chef ’s cooking skills ; do n’t expect gourmet meals , though ; you ’ll probably be getting lots of meat and potatoes ( not a lot of fruits and vegetables ) .
“ It ’s not good for a low - cholesterol or low - fat diet , ” admits Deel .
And while meal times vary based on the ship ’s nationality , breakfast is usually served around 7:30 a.m. , lunch at 11:30 a.m. and dinner at 5:30 p.m. , plus coffee and tea .
Although ships will usually let you take your meal in your room , check the rules first and do n’t be late to the mess hall .
You can also buy cigarettes and alcohol ( and other items like toothpaste ) on board – tax - free .
If you ’re expecting your shipboard experience to include entertainment such as casinos and chorus lines , you ’re better off calling up Carnival ; freighters are working ships , and pleasure travelers may find themselves at sea for days on end with nothing more than a limited supply of books , DVDs and video games .
“ There are no cocktail parties , ” laughs Deel .
“ This is uninterrupted time to do things like read and write .
We even had one lady bring her sewing machine on board , saying that this was finally her time to make her dining room curtains . ”
Some ships have a small pool , sauna and / or gyms that are open for use , although one sea traveler recalls how the pool would occasionally be drained to make room for overflowing banana shipments ( again , not something you would expect on Royal Caribbean ! ) .
So make sure you bring your own entertainment , whether it ’s books , music , a laptop ( there are electrical outlets , but check ahead of time to see if you need a converter ) , a deck of cards , or your latest arts and crafts project .
Beyond the extensive periods of peace and quiet you ’ll get while traveling by cargo ship , one of the most attractive elements of these voyages for some can be the time you get to spend with the captain and crew .
Those who enjoy conversation may be inspired by images of salty sea captains and boisterous crew members sharing bawdy stories over the dinner table .
While this could happen ( you never know ) , chances are you ’re more likely to simply strike up a good conversation ; keep in mind that some crew members might not be on the chatty side , especially with civilians .
The international sea language is English , but since the ships ’ crews tend to be Eastern European or Filipino in origin , “ American English ” probably wo n’t be the norm .
And for those looking for an interactive experience , keep in mind that passengers are not allowed to work on the ship alongside the crew .
Most cargo ships have an upper age limit of 79 - 82 , and require that each passenger have a statement of good health signed by their physician .
“ A person must be in good condition because there is no doctor on board , ” says Zunic , who explains that there have been times when crew members have had to play doctor while at sea .
“ We sailors take care of ourselves .
There is a small hospital room with a bed , and we have instruments and medicine .
We can call a doctor from the middle of the ocean and in an emergency , you do what you have to do . ”
But , he assures , “ That rarely happens . ”
The most important thing is to make sure you ’re in good health before you board , and that any existing conditions or medications are manageable and under control .
Also remember that these ships are n’t handicapped accessible , and they often require climbing steep flights of stairs .
Cargo ships do n’t have stabilizers , either , so there is the likelihood of getting seasick , especially as you ’re developing your “ sea legs . ”
Larger tend to have smoother rides .
While traveling by sea may sound like a tribute to days gone by , there are still some modern issues like visas and immunizations that you need to deal with before you go .
For example , China requires a visa from travelers arriving by ship , but Hong Kong does not .
No immunizations are required for travel between the U.S. and Europe , Canada and Australia , but if you ’re traveling through the Panama or Suez Canals , you ’ll need shots for yellow fever / malaria and cholera .
Fortunately , since you ’ll have to book your trip through a travel agent , they can help you deal with all of these specifics ( and more ) based on your port of call .
There are several travel agents that specialize in booking freighter travel :
Maris Freighter & Specialty Cruises
1-800-99 - Maris
www.freightercruises.com
Freighter World Cruises
800-531-7774
www.freighterworld.com
TravLtips
800-872-8584
www.travltips.com
For travel blogs and personal Web pages on freighter trips , you can visit www.freightertrips.com/voyages/index.html
By Managing Editor Sarika Chawla for PeterGreenberg.com
Want more cheap ways to travel ?
Save Money By Cutting Bills While You Vacation
How to Find Cheap International Flights
Or try Looking Into the Fare Future . . .
Science journal Nature has completed the digitisation of its entire archive by making available material from 1869 's volume 1 , issue 1 to 1949 as the final step in its five - year online deployment plan .
According to the press release , goodies now available from the publication 's first 80 years - encompassing more than 4,000 issues and 180,000 articles - include : first observation of X - rays ( Wilhelm Röntgen , 1896 ) ; the discovery of the electron ( J.J. Thomson , 1897 ) ; the first fossil evidence that humans originated in Africa ( Raymond Dart , 1925 ) ; and the discovery of the neutron ( James Chadwick , 1932 ) .
To celebrate the topping out of the archive , Nature is offering web feature The History of the Journal Nature , featuring " timelines , video interviews , and profiles of editors " .
For a limited period , it 's also handing out free selected historical highlights , although you 'll normally have to cough up for full - fat material .
For example , a one - off purchase of 1953's Molecular Structure of Nucleic Acids : A Structure for Deoxyribose Nucleic Acid by Watson and Crick costs $ 30 . ®
( CNN ) --
It 's costing us more and more money to fill up the gas tank .
And while that 's unlikely to change anytime soon , there are some tricks to getting the most value per gas dollar .
With gas hitting record highs , people are doing anything they can to ease the pain at the pump .
" People are scared .
It 's hitting them right in the wallet , " says Jason Toews , co-founder of gasbuddy.com , an online gasoline information site .
" A number of people tell me their gas bill is more than their car payment .
That 's a foreign concept to a lot of folks . "
Gasoline hit a record $ 3.28 a gallon last Sunday .
Drivers in California pay more than $ 3.63 a gallon on average , and motorists in Alaska , Oregon , Washington and Hawaii on average all pay more than $ 3.40 a gallon .
But there are some things you can do to get the most out of the gas in your car 's tank .
Find the cheapest gas stations in your area
" In most cities you can save between ten to fifteen cents a gallon by just knowing where to look , " says Toews .
The difference between the most expensive gas station and the cheapest gas station is thirty to forty cents on average , according to Toews .
Check out our hours for gallons calculator . »
Here are some general rules of thumb :
The richest areas of town often charge more for gas .
Gas stations near major highways often charge more for gas because land is generally more valuable in these locations , increasing overhead .
Those higher costs are passed onto consumers .
So before a road trip , fill up at your local station .
If you must fill up near the highway , try stations near state border lines which tend to price their gasoline aggresively , according to GasPriceWatch.com , a gasoline information Web site .
The type of gas station makes a difference
Service stations with auto repair shops or car washes often have more expensive gas , said Toews .
They do n't need to be as competitive since they profit more from the other services and rely on them to bring in gas business as well .
You may also find good deals at gas stations affiliated with wholesale clubs .
These retailers often sell cheaper gas as a way to get people in the door to buy their other products .
But bear in mind you may have to pay for a membership .
Even if you do n't want to join a wholesale club , you may want to check out other gas stations in the area .
Sometimes the low gas prices these wholesale clubs offer force other stations in the area to be more competitive .
What time you get to the pump
Wednesday morning is the best time to buy gasoline according to GasPriceWatch.com .
That 's because prices usually move up for the weekend , after which they settle , hitting the low point by Wednesday .
And it makes sense to buy your gas in the morning when it 's the coolest time of day .
This is when gasoline is most dense .
Gas pumps charge by the volume of gasoline , not the density , so in colder temperatures you 'll get more for your dollar .
Driving style
Changing from an aggresive hard accelerating , hard braking , driving style to a more relaxed style incorporating gentle acceleration and cruise control on the highway , can improve fuel efficiency by as much as 35 percent , according to an Edmunds.com study .
A scan gauge can help determine the fuel efficiency of your car , according to Phillip Reed of Edmunds.com .
The device plugs into your steering column and helps you keep track of your fuel efficiency at any one moment .
A scan gauge is n't cheap .
It may cost you $ 150 or more .
Check your local auto parts store or go online to find out more about these devices .
" If you knew that flooring it cost you 50 cents , would you do that ?
Is it worth it ? " asks Reed .
" If you knew that one acceleration could cost you 25 cents -- that could change your behavior . "
Air cents
Think about your own car 's aerodynamics .
Even an empty roof rack creates drag .
Loaded with luggage , skis or a cooler , a roof rack can reduce fuel economy by 21 percent , says Reed .
There 's been a lot of debate about whether keeping the windows open or turning on the air conditioning saves more fuel .
According to Reed , air conditioning is more efficient at highway speeds , while windows are generally better around town at local speeds .
Use the right gas
Regular octane works just fine for most cars .
However , when your car 's manufacturer indicates premium gas is required , using a lower grade could damage your car , adversely affecting fuel efficiency .
But when premium gas is only recommended , not required , go for the cheaper , lower octane gas , says Reed .
Higher octane gas has only a marginal effect on performance , usually in the area of acceleration , according to Reed .
E-mail to a friend
All About Gas Prices • National Economy
DIGG THIS
The federal government claims ( as usual ) that inflation was mild in October .
Just 0.3 % for the month and 3.5 % year - over - year .
Yet again we will hear so - called financial experts on television and other media parrot the government ’s inflation figures , as if they had any semblance to reality .
Shadow Government Statistics , a far more believable source , shows a 7 % year - over - year increase in CPI , and this correlates quite well with ( at least my ) real - world experience .
The feds ’ BLS website shows these price increases for the 12 months ended October 2007 ( unadjusted ) :
Food and beverages : +4.4 % ( ludicrous ) Housing : +3.1 % ( I thought prices were coming down …. )
Apparel : - 1.2 % ( perhaps ) Transportation : +5.8 % ( possibly ) Medical care : +4.8 % ( are they kidding ? )
Recreation : +0.5 % ( unlikely ) Education & communication : +2.6 % ( this combo makes no sense )
Other goods & services : +3.5 % ( really ? )
Energy : + 14.5 % ( up from a mere 5.3 % at 9/30/07 )
Overall , 12 mos. ended 10/31/07 : +3.5 % ( ha ha ha ! )
These ridiculously low government inflation figures are easily swallowed by the craven financial media , a gullible public , and deluded Keynesian economists on cable TV .
As pointed out by others more knowledgeable than I , the government ’s numbers are distorted via various means , such as substitution and hedonic pricing .
What really matters , in my opinion , is the absolute price increase of the average item of its type over the period of time in question .
For example , say last year ’s average PC cost $ 600 .
This year it costs $ 660 , an increase of 10 % .
The government may believe that this year ’s average PC includes double the RAM and a faster hard drive , and this may , in fact , be true .
It will thus contend that these enhancements make the new PC 10 % better , and exactly offset the $ 60 price increase and therefore the average PC ( on the market today ) had no year - over - year increase , and thus an annual inflation rate of zero .
However , I contend that this is a disingenuous sleight of hand , since in today ’s world you must pay $ 60 more for a computer that functions according to today ’s standards of what is average .
This perception of “ average ” is fueled by millions of consumers with individual demands .
For the PC , what is of average value today may be vastly different from what it was last year .
The same principle applies to cars , cellphones and everything else .
If the price of an “ average item ” of its type has increased , then that becomes the new standard .
If the cost of that average item has increased by 10 % , then it does n’t matter how much better the new version of “ average ” has become — its price has inflated by 10 % , and should be recorded as such in government calculations .
Manufactured products always increase in quality , and older versions eventually become obsolete or wear out , e.g. , older vacuum cleaners , flashlights , televisions , cars , coffee makers and computers .
A consumer can “ make do ” with some items , such as stereo speakers , for decades , but since new and improved models appear all the time , the quality of the average speaker is always increasing .
My half - decent thirty - year - old speakers still work , although they now have a market value of zero .
Assuming I paid $ 50 thirty years ago , and half - decent speakers ( by today ’s standards ) cost $ 200 now , in my view the price of speakers has quadrupled .
However , the government could claim , with a figurative straight face , that since the new speakers are four times better than the old ones , there has really been a zero increase in price .
This is because new products almost always have more value than previous models .
They are supposed to have more value .
This is the very nature of the free marketplace : more , better , cheaper .
Only if a 2008 Toyota Corolla ( assuming it is the “ average ” car ) costs less than the 2007 model and is exactly the same can it be suggested that price deflation has taken place .
If the 2008 model costs more and is the same as the 2007 model , or has a few new bells and whistles , then price inflation has occurred , assuming it is the average car both years .
An observer might say “ you ’re paying more , but you ’re getting more , ” but I say no — you ’re paying more for this year ’s average car .
Getting back to real - world inflation , just walk into any supermarket .
I do n’t know about you , but almost everything I buy goes up in price — sometimes dramatically — at least twice a year .
This applies especially to anything packaged .
Frozen pies are now $ 6 each , just a few years ago they were $ 3 .
Prepared cakes such as Entenmann ’s jump in price by 10 percent every time I look , while their quality goes down .
Cereal goes up 5 % every couple of months .
Soap and deodorant cost almost double what they did a couple of years ago .
Apples are $ 2.50 a pound and climbing .
A decent - sized onion , yam or tomato costs a dollar — and they ’re just seeds that have been stuck in the dirt and doused with rainwater !
A decent loaf of bread is $ 3.00 ; I remember it being 14 cents when I was a kid .
Chicken breasts are inching up in price regularly .
Beef is almost a luxury item now .
Veal ?
Forget it .
The claim that food prices are “ volatile ” and hence excluded from “ core inflation ” is asinine .
They may fluctuate , but only within the framework of the “ ratchet effect ” — two notches higher and one back .
The trend is always up .
None of the above considers the omnipresent decreases in quality and downsizing in almost every product at the store .
The pies have less filling , the cakes have less ( or no ) chocolate , and that loaf of bread is 14.5 ounces instead of a pound .
Factor in these negative quality adjustments and the price increases of the items are a lot higher than the government reports .
Consumers are smart enough to realize that their half - gallons of ice cream are now 1.75 quarts , but they are generally not attuned to the incremental nature of price inflation .
They ca n’t make the connection between government spending and the decrease in their purchasing power , of the decrease in the value of their dollars ( let alone understand M3 expansion ) .
They just attribute the increase in prices to “ greedy corporations ” or shrug and say “ prices always go up . ”
This is why the government and its banking cartel , the Federal Reserve , love to print money .
It keeps the game alive , creates the illusion of prosperity , and more than likely the public will not catch on .
November 17 , 2007
Andrew S. Fischer has worked in various fields .
Andrew S. Fischer
The Best of Andrew S. Fischer
SAN FRANCISCO  Microsoft said Friday that it has made an offer to buy Yahoo for about $ 44.6 billion , or $ 31 a share , in a mix of cash and stock .
The offer represents a 62 percent premium over Yahoo ’s closing stock price of $ 19.18 on Thursday .
If consummated , the deal would redraw the competitive landscape of the Internet consumer services business , where both Microsoft and Yahoo have struggled to compete with Google .
Microsoft said the combination of the two companies would create efficiencies that would save approximately $ 1 billion annually .
The software giant also said that it has an integration plan to include employees of both companies and intends to offer incentives to retain Yahoo employees .
" We have great respect for Yahoo ! , and together we can offer an increasingly exciting set of solutions for consumers , publishers and advertisers while becoming better positioned to compete in the online services market , " said Steven A. Ballmer , Microsoft ’s chief executive , in a statement .
While messaging a good friend on here regarding relationships , I recalled a memory of being a lonely book worm whom no one wanted to date in High School .
Come to find out after graduation that several boys liked me and did n't step forward to let me know , fearing I was too studious and not interested in dating .
And there I had been , feeling like the ugly duckling all those years .
What those guys did n't know is that I would have given anything to be asked out on a nice date .
What they also may never know , is how I blossomed and flowered when love gave me a chance .
This is why it is starting to grate on my nerves a bit over the constant lamentation that there are just no good " guys " or " women " out there .
I think our perceptions of what denotes good are a bit skewered .
Even men who denounce women for not wanting nice guys will drool over the Pamela Anderson bombshells and get pissed off when she does n't respond to his " type . "
Can the nerd get the beauty Queen ?
Sure .
Does it happen often ?
Not very , and to be honest , said nerd may later feel as if he has bitten off more than he can chew as he tries to please his high maintenance " acquisition "
I think the problem lies in the idea that we tend to look for " prizes " and not mates .
We want not only the spiritual ideal but the physical one as well .
While physical chemistry is of the utmost importance ( I certainly wo n't belittle this aspect ) , I believe the problem lies in that we do n't seek to try to alter what we are attracted to once we realize it is bad for us .
For example , a woman who chases after a rakish player time and time again , starts to think that all men are dogs .
No hun .
The men you are choosing are all dogs .
If you chase after men who have games to sell , then by and large , you will be played .
Likewise , a man who chases after skinny succubus 's , as one male poster on here coined , you will start to think that all women are money grubbing manipulators .
No .
It is the nature of the beast you chase .
Find quarry in another field and you may uncover better and more diverse types of animals .
Hard lesson learned on my end .
Since I am a musician and artist , I initially felt I had a leg up on my choices in men .
They were n't jocks , but intellectuals , mostly musicians ( I know , I know ) .
I felt because I was choosing creative " thinker " types I was ahead of the game a bit in romance .
What I found was a different type of game player .
But I kept falling into the pattern of dating these men .
Then I came across a quote that rang so true that it made me take a two year sabbatical from dating ...
" The truest form of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results . "
For years I kept saying , I dunno , I am just attracted to these types of guys .
I never sat down and explored the " Why " .
When I examined my choices I started to realize a pattern and , as cliche as it sounds , most of these guys were like dear old dad , fun charming and totally irresponsible .
I took some time off from relationships to work on myself , find out what I wanted and reevaluate my relationship goals .
When I reemerged onto the dating scene it was with different eyes .
When I ran into the same old animal in the wild I had once been attracted to , a funny thing happened .
I did n't like or desire it any more .
But my new eyes were able to see and appreciate my hubby - a five foot tall white man and a blond at that ( I favored brunettes ) but his sweetness , honesty , sincerity and bright eyes won my heart , enough to make me get married , something I swore I would never do ( another article for another day ) .
He was n't my physical ideal initially , but he became my hearts ideal .
And to me , he is the sexiest being in the planet !
Now , this is n't to say that super attractive people are inherently mean spirited or bad relationship material .
I have known a few model gorgeous gals in my day who were tired of being regarded as trophies to jet setters , but average Joe 's would n't approach them out of fear .
They ended up being very lonely indeed , though some of them were very nice people .
I am just saying do n't merely be bowled over by looks , money or status , get to know the whole person .
If we could learn to evaluate why we choose what we do as opposed to blindly accepting our responses , maybe our choices in mates will improve , and so will the quality of our relationships .
Will they all last forever ?
Maybe not , but perhaps they will be more rewarding , and that is what makes life worth living !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74cO9X4NMb4
So you 'd like to spend a few hundred years in dreamland and awake in a transformed world .
Who would n't ?
Unfortunately , the means of doing so are a little inconvenient .
You – or at least your head – could be shot full of antifreeze and suspended in liquid nitrogen .
If that seems a little radical , you could try being drained of blood and then frozen :
You might not make it more than a few hours into the future , but to a zombie that 'll be plenty .
The current options , then , are few .
But maybe that 's changing :
In a study published yesterday in Anesthesiology , researchers at Massachusetts General Hospital used hydrogen sulfide – the gas that makes rotten eggs smell so bad – to completely suspend the metabolism of mice , who were revived several minutes later without any apparent side effects .
Earlier studies had suggested the metabolism - slowing power of hydrogen sulfide , but scientists were n't sure whether to credit the gas or the hypothermia attendant to metabolic shutdown .
To distinguish between these effects , the MGH researchers dosed two groups of mice , then kept one group at room temperature while heating the other .
Both groups experienced the same metabolic effects .
Hydrogen sulfide , not hypothermia , was responsible .
Scientists next need to see whether this works in larger animals , and whether it 's damaging when maintained for more than a few minutes in species more complicated than mice .
Among the possible long - term applications are deep - space travel , organ preservation during surgery and battlefield treatment – and , of course , de facto time travel and debt evasion .
But even if it 's safe , there could be a catch :
Who 'd want to arrive in the future stinking of rotten eggs ?
Enlightened residents of the future might look back at the early 21st century and call this poetic justice .
But screw 'em .
That 's what noseplugs are for .
Inhaled Hydrogen Sulfide : A Rapidly Reversible Inhibitor of Cardiac and Metabolic Function in the Mouse [ Anesthesiology ]
Video : The General Motors Futurama at the 1939 World's Fair
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds ; Wired Science on Facebook .
WTF is Thanksgiving ?
Who knows , I ’m a foreigner .
From what I ’ve seen , its about going home , eating turkey and black Friday sales .
No ride to the mall , not going to camp out the night before just to get a discount .
Going to the mall today though .
While we shop , people in Bangladesh cry .
Cry for losing everything .
Their homes , pictures , mothers , sons , daughters , husbands and best friends .
Their country now known for disaster , nothing else .
Be thankful .
We can still shop !!!!!
Detectives are investigating the death of the DJ Kevin Greening and have arrested a man on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs at the home in Wandsworth , south London , where the former Radio 1 presenter died in his sleep on Saturday night .
The man , who is in his 50s , was questioned and bailed by police to return in March .
A postmortem examination conducted at St George 's hospital yesterday was inconclusive , prompting police investigators to classify Greening 's death as " unexplained " .
The inquiry into the death has been handed to detectives at the Specialist Crime Directorate at Sutton , a unit normally charged with investigating the capital 's most high profile and serious cases .
The transfer is not , however , an indication that a murder inquiry is under way , according to a Metropolitan police spokesman .
The arrest has raised questions over Greening 's final hours .
" A man was arrested at the scene in connection with the death and has subsequently been bailed on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs , pending further inquiries , " the police spokesman added .
Shortly after Greening 's death a statement released by his agent , Chris North , said the popular DJ died " peacefully " in his sleep .
Greening 's next of kin have been notified , although formal identification of the body is not expected until today .
Tributes have poured in since the death , with colleagues praising his talent and passion for radio .
Greening , 44 , worked alongside Zoë Ball on Radio 1's morning show from 1997 to 1998 .
He later presented shows on BBC Radio 5 Live and most recently oversaw a weekly show on the London station Smooth Radio .
Radio 5 Live 's Simon Mayo , who worked with Greening at Radio 1 , told Smooth : " He had a very , very dry sense of humour and he was quite shy really , sometimes embarrassed about having achieved the level of fame that he did have .
" Anyone who listened to his programmes could tell he was extremely bright , extremely clever .
He was naturally gifted . "
Greening , who was gay , was part of the launch line - up of Virgin Radio in 1993 .
He transferred to Radio 1 within a year , hosting weekend shows and standing in on daytime slots .
He became renowned for his tongue - in - cheek style and introduced comedy sketches to his programmes through a series of fictional characters .
HAMMER filesystem update - design document
From : Matthew Dillon < dillon@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx > Date : Wed , 10 Oct 2007 12:33:45 - 0700 ( PDT )
Ok , here 's the final design document that I am now implementing .
Again , I expect most or all of these features to be ready and the filesystem to be beta-quality by the December release .
Hammer Filesystem ( I ) General Storage Abstraction HAMMER uses a basic 16 K filesystem buffer for all I/O .
Buffers are collected into clusters , cluster are collected into volumes , and a single HAMMER filesystem may span multiple volumes .
HAMMER maintains a small hinted radix tree for block management in each layer .
A small radix tree in the volume header manages cluster allocations within a volume , one in the cluster header manages buffer allocations within a cluster , and most buffers ( pure data buffers excepted ) will embed a small tree to manage item allocations within the buffer .
Volumes are typically specified as disk partitions , with one volume designated as the root volume containing the root cluster .
The root cluster does not need to be contained in volume 0 nor does it have to be located at any particular offset .
Data can be migrated on a cluster - by - cluster or volume - by - volume basis and any given volume may be expanded or contracted while the filesystem is live .
Whole volumes can be added and ( with appropriate data migration ) removed .
HAMMER 's storage management limits it to 32768 volumes , 32768 clusters per volume , and 32768 16 K filesystem buffers per cluster .
A volume is thus limited to 16TB and a HAMMER filesystem as a whole is limited to 524288TB .
HAMMER 's on - disk structures are designed to allow future expansion through expansion of these limits .
In particular , the volume id is intended to be expanded to a full 32 bits in the future and using a larger buffer size will also greatly increase the cluster and volume size limitations by increasing the number of elements the buffer - restricted radix trees can manage .
HAMMER breaks all of its information down into objects and records .
Records have a creation and deletion transaction id which allows HAMMER to maintain a historical store .
Information is only physically deleted based on the data retention policy .
Those portions of the data retention policy affecting near - term modifications may be acted upon by the live filesystem but all historical vacuuming is handled by a helper process .
All information in a HAMMER filesystem is CRCd to detect corruption .
( II ) Filesystem Object Topology
The objects and records making up a HAMMER filesystem is organized into a single , unified B - Tree .
Each cluster maintains a B - Tree of the records contained in that cluster and a unified B - Tree is constructed by linking clusters together .
HAMMER issues PUSH and PULL operations internally to open up space for new records and to balance the global B - Tree .
These operations may have the side effect of allocating new clusters or freeing clusters which become unused .
B - Tree operations tend to be limited to a single cluster .
That is , the B - Tree insertion and deletion algorithm is not extended to the whole unified tree .
If insufficient space exists in a cluster HAMMER will allocate a new cluster , PUSH a portion of the existing cluster 's record store to the new cluster , and link the existing cluster 's B - Tree to the new one .
Because B - Tree operations tend to be restricted and because HAMMER tries to avoid balancing clusters in the critical path , HAMMER employs a background process to keep the topology as a whole in balance .
One side effect of this is that HAMMER is fairly loose when it comes to inserting new clusters into the topology .
HAMMER objects revolve around the concept of an object identifier .
The obj_id is a 64 bit quantity which uniquely identifies a filesystem object for the entire life of the filesystem .
This uniqueness allows backups and mirrors to retain varying amounts of filesystem history by removing any possibility of conflict through identifier reuse .
HAMMER typically iterates object identifiers sequentially and expects to never run out .
At a creation rate of 100,000 objects per second it would take HAMMER around 6 million years to run out of identifier space .
The characteristics of the HAMMER obj_id also allow HAMMER to operate in a multi-master clustered environment .
A filesystem object is made up of records .
Each record references a variable - length store of related data , a 64 bit key , and a creation and deletion transaction id which is indexed along with the key .
HAMMER utilizes a 64 bit key to index all records .
Regular files use the base data offset of the record as the key while directories use a namekey hash as the key and store one directory entry per record .
For all intents and purposes a directory can store an unlimited number of files .
HAMMER is also capable of associating any number of out - of - band attributes with a filesystem object using a separate key space .
This key space may be used for extended attributes , ACLs , and anything else the user desires .
( III ) Access to historical information A HAMMER filesystem can be mounted with an as - of date to access a snapshot of the system .
Snapshots do not have to be explicitly taken but are instead based on the retention policy you specify for any given HAMMER filesystem .
It is also possible to access individual files or directories ( and their contents ) using an as - of extension on the file name .
HAMMER uses the transaction ids stored in records to present a snapshot view of the filesystem as - of any time in the past , with a granularity based on the retention policy chosen by the system administrator .
feature also effectively implements file versioning .
( IV ) Mirrors and Backups HAMMER is organized in a way that allows an information stream to be generated for mirroring and backup purposes .
This stream includes all historical information available in the source .
No queueing is required so there is no limit to the number of mirrors or backups you can have and no limit to how long any given mirror or backup can be taken offline .
Resynchronization of the stream is not considered to be an expensive operation .
Mirrors and backups are maintained logically , not physically , and may have their own , independant retention polcies .
For example , your live filesystem could have a fairly rough retention policy , even none at all , then be streamed to an on - site backup and from there to an off - site backup , each with different retention policies .
( V ) Transactions and Recovery HAMMER implement an instant - mount capability and will recover information on a cluster - by - cluster basis as it is being accessed .
HAMMER numbers each record it lays down and stores a synchronization point in the cluster header .
Clusters are synchronously marked ' open ' when undergoing modification .
If HAMMER encounters a cluster which is unexpectedly marked open it will perform a recovery operation on the cluster and throw away any records beyond the synchronization point .
HAMMER supports a userland transactional facility .
Userland can query the current ( filesystem wide ) transaction id , issue numerous operations and on recovery can tell HAMMER to revert all records with a greater transaction id for any particular set of files .
Multiple userland applications can use this feature simultaniously as long as the files they are accessing do not overlap .
It is also possible for userland to set up an ordering dependancy and maintain completely asynchronous operation while still being able to guarentee recovery to a fairly recent transaction id .
( VI ) Database files HAMMER uses 64 bit keys internally and makes key - based files directly available to userland .
Key - based files are not regular files and do not operate using a normal data offset space .
You cannot copy a database file using a regular file copier .
The file type will not be S_IFREG but instead will be S_IFDB .
The file must be opened with O_DATABASE .
Reads which normally seek the file forward will instead iterate through the records and lseek / qseek can be used to acquire or set the key prior to the read / write operation .
DragonFly kernel List ( threaded ) for 2007 - 10 Date Prev ] [ Date Next ] [ Thread Prev ] [ Thread Next ] [ Date Index ] [ Thread Index Date Prev ] [ Date Next ] [ Thread Prev ] [ Thread Next ] [ Date Index ] [ Thread Index
With sumo dominated by Mongolians and Sony already fielding a foreigner in the fold , the giant of all Japanese giants , Godzilla , also seems to have finally succumb to the force of foreign infiltration .
His current disinclination to destroy
Tokyo may well have something to do with it , but either way , the monster has at least temporarily been muscled out by that legendary loner the Loch Ness Monster — the secretive Scot currently making uncharacteristically bold appearances in Tokyo Bay .
Albeit due to the success of a sizeable water screen .
And , perhaps predictably , in the pursuit of promotional purposes .
Serbia at a Crossroads Voters Face Stark Choice between Europe and Isolation
In Sunday 's final round of the presidential election Serbs will have to choose between pro-European President Boris Tadic and ultra-nationalist Tomislav Nikolic .
Both men vow not to accept an independent Kosovo , but they have very different visions of Serbia 's future .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Mortgage payments are set to jump .
Home prices have plunged .
" I 'm outta here . "
Homeowners are abandoning their homes and , more importantly , their mortgages , rather than trying to keep up with rising payments on deteriorating assets .
So many people are handing their keys back to lenders that a new term has been coined for it : jingle mail .
" I stopped paying my mortgage in October , after shelling out about $ 70,000 in interest [ over 15 months ] , " said one borrower , David , who does n't want his last name used .
" Now , I 'm just waiting for the default notice . "
The Los Angeles - based writer bought two properties in Hancock Park , west of downtown , using no -down , interest - only mortgages in 2006 .
He paid just over $ 1 million for both .
David had planned to sell them quickly but got caught in the slump .
Soon his interest rate will jump by a few points , and his payments will go up by several hundred dollars a month for each place .
He figures his properties have fallen in value by at least $ 60,000 each .
Current lending practices have created an environment where a measure as extreme as abandoning a home actually makes sense to some people .
Many buyers put little or no money down , so they do n't have much invested in them .
That leaves them with little incentive to keep making payments when a home 's market value dips below the balance of the mortgage .
The most serious consequence is a tremendous hit to credit scores .
For some , that 's better than throwing away money they 'll never recover by selling their home .
And while a mortgage default can savage a person 's credit record , trying to pay off a loan they can't afford could be worse for borrowers if it leads to bankruptcy , said Craig Watts , a spokesman for the credit reporting firm Fair Isaac .
Credit scores are hurt much more by missing multiple payments - on credit cards , cars and so on - than by a single foreclosure .
" The time it takes to regain your credit score [ after foreclosure ] can be shorter than after bankruptcy , " said Watts .
It typically takes three years of a spotless payment record after a bankruptcy before credit scores recover enough for someone to think about buying a home again , he said .
After abandoning a mortgage , a person may be able to buy a new house in two years or less .
And now skipping out on a home is easier , thanks to the Mortgage Debt Relief Act of 2007 .
Previously , if a bank sold a foreclosed home for less than the mortgage balance and it forgave the difference , the borrower had to pay tax on that difference as if it were income .
Now the IRS will ignore it .
" That 's going to help a lot of people , " said Mike Gray , a San Jose accountant who runs the web site Realestatetaxletter.com .
The trend of walking away is most pronounced among real estate investors , according to Jay Brinkman , an economist with the Mortgage Bankers Association ( MBA ) .
But families are doing it too .
" If they have to stretch to make mortgage payments for a home that will not recover its value , then yes , they may walk away , " he said .
Often they chose hybrid adjustable rate mortgages ( ARMs ) that came with low initial payments .
After a few years , interest rates on these loans reset higher .
But buyers thought they could count on the increased value of their homes to refinance into affordable , fixed - rate loans .
Now , that may not be possible .
Take Susan ( not her real name ) , a client of HouseBuyerNetwork.com , which specializes in arranging short sales .
A short sale is when a bank agrees to accept the sale price paid for a home - even if it is less than the outstanding mortgage on it - as payment in full .
An owner might sell a house with a $ 200,000 mortgage for $ 180,000 , and then the bank forgives the difference .
HouseBuyerNetwork.com CEO Duane LeGate says that Susan 's two - bedroom condo in Sonoma County is worth $ 340,000 , but the mortgage balance is $ 380,000 .
She can't refinance and it 's difficult to sell .
She 's still trying for a short sale but , said LeGate , " She 'll almost certainly end up walking away . "
Beyond anecdotes , some statistics indicate that hard - pressed owners are deliberately courting foreclosure .
An analysis by the consumer credit rating agency Experian last spring found that many borrowers were choosing to pay off credit card and other consumer debt before making mortgage payments .
They were electing to put their mortgage at risk rather than their credit cards or auto loans .
Similarly , Richard DeKaser , chief economist for National City Corp. , ( NCC , Fortune 500 ) notes that while all credit metrics are deteriorating , mortgage delinquencies are rising disproportionately .
" That makes sense if people are choosing to walk away , " he said .
And now reports are emerging of homeowners skipping out on mortgages even though they can still afford to pay them .
Wachovia ( WB , Fortune 500 ) CEO Ken Thompson described these people on an earnings call last month . " [ These are ] people that have otherwise had the capacity to pay , but have basically just decided not to , because they feel like they 've lost equity , value in their properties . "
Lenders are afraid that borrowers may find it 's worth the hit to their credit scores , if they can drastically reduce their housing expenses .
Someone with good credit and a $ 600,000 home in a town with cratering real estate prices could buy a similar house nearby for $ 450,000 , and then let the other $ 600,000 mortgage go into foreclosure .
The stage is set for this kind of thing particularly in California , where huge numbers of buyers used low or no - down deals to buy homes .
The trend has even spawned at least one new business , San Diego - based YouWalkAway.com , which for a fee of $ 1,000 purports to guide clients through the process of ditching their mortgages .
It launched in early January , and says it has already signed up 180 clients .
California is a bit of a safe haven for these borrowers , since banks that repossess and then sell a foreclosed property for less than the mortgage that was owed on it cannot come after borrowers for the difference - as long as it's the initial mortgage , one that has not been refinanced .
So if a borrower owes $ 200,000 and the bank sells the house for $ 170,000 , the borrower comes out of it debt - free .
And for many homeowners , the prospect of becoming debt - free is growing increasingly alluring .
Tens of thousands of homeowners with home equity lines of credit are getting a rude surprise :
They ’ve been told by their lender that they can no longer take money out on their credit lines because sinking home prices have left them with little or no equity .
Among the lenders taking such action is Countrywide Financial Corp. , which sent 122,000 letters to customers last week telling them they could no longer borrow against their credit lines .
In some cases , according to the company , the borrowers are now “ upside down ” -- the total debt on the home exceeds the market value of the property .
Calabasas - based Countrywide , the nation ’s largest mortgage lender , says it uses computer modeling that factors in changes in home prices to determine which customers will have their money tap shut off .
The cutoffs are coming as a shock to some .
Advertisement
“ We did n’t deserve this , ” Thaleia Georgiades , a real estate agent in El Dorado , Calif. , said Thursday , two days after she and her husband , a builder , learned that their Countrywide credit line had been frozen .
“ When you are self - employed , that ’s the money you count on to bridge the gap during tough times .
And this is a particularly tough time in both the building and housing industries , ” Georgiades said .
In Phoenix , Kristen McEntire said she received a letter from San Antonio - based USAA Federal Savings Bank about two months ago saying the credit limit on her home equity line had been slashed by $ 40,000 because the value of her home had declined .
“ They froze everything but about $ 5 , ” she said .
“ That ’s what I had left in the line of credit ” after the bank ’s action .
Advertisement
A USAA spokesman said the bank had cut credit limits in “ a small number of cases ” because of lower home values .
McEntire , 33 , who works for a mortgage broker , said she had been using the credit line to help make payments on another home that she owned and had rented out .
“ I thought that if I only had to keep doing that for five or six months , I could make it up later , ” she said .
Instead she found herself borrowing $ 12,000 on credit cards .
“ I want to act responsibly , so I do n’t foreclose on either property , ” she said .
Advertisement
The moves to rescind credit lines are part of a pullback by lenders nationwide on home equity loans , which are often used to finance home improvements and consumer spending .
Such loans , also known as second mortgages , were widely available until six months ago , when delinquencies and foreclosures began to soar .
Now , with new evidence of sinking home values , many lenders are requiring that homeowners maintain a much larger percentage of equity in their homes as a cushion against financial problems .
Pasadena - based mortgage lender IndyMac Bancorp last week sharply cut back on issuing new home equity lines as part of a move to focus on loans that can be sold immediately to investors .
An IndyMac spokesman said he could n’t say whether the lender was looking at existing credit lines with an eye to suspending them .
Chase Home Lending , a unit of banking giant JPMorgan Chase & Co. , one of the country ’s largest home equity lenders , is imposing new guidelines next week that will further restrict who can get a new credit line , the company said .
Advertisement
Through this week , Chase customers in California can tap as much as 90 % of the equity in their homes .
Starting Monday , however , that limit goes down to 85 % in most of the state .
In six counties , including three in Southern California -- Los Angeles , Orange and Imperial -- Chase wo n’t let homeowners borrow more than 70 % of the value of their homes .
The bank would n’t say how the six counties were chosen .
In Florida and Nevada , Chase ’s loan limits are going down Monday to 70 % and 65 % , respectively .
The percentages will be even lower for people who do n’t have the best credit .
“ Our goal is to always make sure that for both our sake and our customers ’ sake that our customers do n’t owe more than their equity , ” Chase spokesman Thomas Kelly said .
Chase is still assessing whether to rescind existing lines of credit , he said .
Advertisement
Falling home prices are also affecting how first mortgages are being made .
Fannie Mae , the giant government - sponsored mortgage investor , has told lenders that in areas that experienced significant price declines , including much of Southern California , the company will require a lower maximum “ loan to value ” ratio on loans it buys .
As a result , on a highly promoted Bank of America Corp. loan for which borrowers pay no upfront fees , the maximum loan amount is being reduced in most of Southern California to 90 % of a home ’s value , down from 95 % , said Terry Francisco , a spokesman for the bank , which has agreed to acquire Countrywide .
And on a program that gives mortgages to firefighters and police , the limit is falling to 95 % from 100 % .
Few lenders would extend credit totaling more than 80 % of a home ’s value a decade ago , and the industry appears to be headed back in that direction , said Guy D. Cecala , publisher of Inside Mortgage Finance Publications in Bethesda , Md .
A home equity loan that puts the total debt on a home over that level can be especially risky for the lender .
That ’s because if the property goes into foreclosure , Cecala said , “ All the money goes to pay off the first mortgage holder . ”
Advertisement
In fact , in cases of foreclosure , home equity loans are being sold to adventurous investors for as little as 3 % of the amount of the loan , said Paul Muolo , data editor for National Mortgage News .
Many lenders , including Citigroup Inc. and JPMorgan , reported lower fourth - quarter earnings because of losses on home equity credit lines .
San Francisco - based Wells Fargo & Co. , which avoided many of the costly mistakes in mortgage securities and sub - prime loans that have plagued rivals , just added $ 1.4 billion to its provision for loan losses , mainly on home equity loans .
Wells Fargo executives “ did not fully appreciate the severity of the residential real estate downturn and its impact on our home - equity portfolio , ” Mike Loughlin , chief credit officer at Wells , said in a statement this month .
Representatives of Wells Fargo declined Thursday to talk about its problems with home equity loans .
Advertisement
Some small lenders also have been forced to change their policies in response to the downturn in home prices .
Cityside Federal Credit Union in downtown Los Angeles , which has 6,482 members and $ 53 million in assets , has cut its maximum loan - to - value ratio to 90 % from 100 % and is rejecting many requests from members who had hoped to refinance mortgages at today ’s low rates .
“ A lot of people are in that situation right now because they just kept refinancing and took out all the equity in their homes , ” said Teresa Becerra , a loan officer at Cityside .
“ They ’ll have a couple of mortgages they want to combine now .
But we can do a computer appraisal right away , and what they ’re finding out is that the value just is n’t there . ”
Cityside has had to cut off some home equity lines of credit as well as turn down borrowers seeking new loans because of the change , Becerra said .
So far it has cut off credit only when customers brought up issues that caused the credit union to examine their circumstances .
“ If they had home equity , and now they ’re upside down and it ’s brought to our attention , we ’ll definitely cut them off , ” she said .
“ But we ’re not doing a computer - generated study to find all those situations or anything like that . ”
Advertisement
--
kathy.kristof@latimes.com
scott.reckard@latimes.com
david.colker@latimes.com
By ALLAN HALL
Last updated at 23:35 19 September 2007
Laughing and pulling faces for the camera , the uniformed men and women line up for a sing - song .
In another photo , nurses in starched aprons smile beneath the gaze of smart young officers .
Yet another picture shows a group of girls sitting along a fence eating bowls of blueberries .
They turn their bowls upside down to show they have all eaten their portions .
Scroll down for more ...
Only the men's uniforms and the SS insignia on their collars offer a clue to the identity of those in the photographs .
They are all staff at the Nazi extermination camp of Auschwitz , pictured on their time off from the business of running Hitler 's death factory .
The pictures , revealed for first time , were taken from the personal scrapbook of Karl Hocker , the adjutant to the commandant of the camp in Poland where 1.1 million prisoners , mostly Jews , were murdered .
Among them also are photos of a handsome , well - groomed SS doctor whose name itself has become synonymous with the Holocaust .
Josef Mengele , the Angel of Death , is seen for the first time at Auschwitz , sharing a conversation with his superiors .
Scroll down for more ...
The photos represent a sensational historical find for the Holocaust Museum in Washington DC .
They underline the sickening hypocrisy of the servants of Nazism - morally bankrupt , illimitably cruel - and yet able to laugh , joke , drink and sunbathe as if they were no different to anyone else .
None of the pictures show their benighted victims or depict the paraphernalia of carrying out murder on an industrial scale .
It was Rebecca Erbelding , an archivist at the Holocaust Museum , who opened the letter from a former United States Army intelligence officer in December last year .
He said he wanted to donate photographs of Auschwitz he had found when he lived in a Frankfurt apartment in 1946 .
Scroll down for more ...
Although Auschwitz may be the most notorious of the Nazi death camps , there are few photos of the place taken before its liberation in 1945 .
In January Miss Erbelding received a package containing 16 cardboard pages with the photos pasted on both sides - and their historical significance quickly became apparent .
As the Zyklon B gas killed prisoners at a rate of 6,000 a day , and as Mengele and his cronies performed hideous medical experiments on other inmates , here were men and women charged with the smooth running of the camp taking time out to enjoy life .
Scroll down for more ...
In all , there are 116 pictures , beginning with a photo from June 21 , 1944 , of Hocker and the then commandant , Richard Baer , both in full SS regalia .
The album also contains eight photos of Mengele , the camp doctor notorious for participating in the selection of arriving prisoners for his barbaric medical experiments .
" These are the first authenticated pictures of Mengele at Auschwitz , " said the museum .
One of the pictures , taken on July 22 , 1944 , shows a group of cheerful young women who worked as SS communications specialists eating bowls of fresh blueberries .
Many were taken at Solahuette , an SS rest - and - relaxation facility built in the style of an Alpine lodge a few miles away from the camp .
The Holocaust Museum has put the photos on its website - ushmm.org - while it deliberates whether or not to make them part of a permanent display .
Scroll down for more ...
The museum says the photos are instructive in that they showed the murderers were , in their self - image , " good men , good comrades , even civilised " .
Hocker fled Auschwitz before the camp 's liberation .
When he was captured by the British , he was carrying false documents identifying him as a combat soldier , but was released after 18 months .
In the Sixties he was tracked down to Engershausen , his hometown , where he was working as a bank official .
He was convicted of war crimes and served seven years before his release in 1970 , when he walked out of prison and was rehired by the bank .
He died in 2000 at 89 .
" It 's hard to fathom the kind of people who ran these camps and one always struggles to understand who they were and how they saw themselves , " said museum director Sara Bloomfield .
Scroll down for more ...
" These unique photographs vividly illustrate the contented world they enjoyed while overseeing a world of unimaginable suffering .
" They offer an important perspective on the psychology of those perpetrating genocide . "
The album complements the only other known collection of photographs taken at Auschwitz , published as the " Auschwitz Album " in 1980 .
Those images specifically depict the arrival of Hungarian Jews at the camp in late May 1944 , and the selection process that the SS imposed on them .
The American donor , who had asked to remain anonymous , was in his 90s when he contacted the museum .
He died this summer .
Thanks for checking out our Rambo review .
To see a video version of this review , just go to the bottom of the post .
When I first caught word that Sylvester Stallone was going to be making a new Rocky and Rambo movies , I hung my head it total despair .
To me , it was a sad desperate attempt by an aging former star to become relevant again .
To me they seemed like horrible ideas .
But then I saw Rocky Balboa ( aka Rocky 6 ) and I had to seriously eat some of my words .
It was such a great film , and one that I still think about .
So who knows ?
If he could surprise the hell out of us with Rocky 6 , maybe he can do it again with Rambo 4 ?
THE GENERAL IDEA
Rambo has spent his last few years living an isolated life in the jungles of Thailand , living alone and scraping out a living by capturing deadly snake for the local freak show .
He ’s quieter than ever and rarely speaks other than to say “ fuck you ” once or twice under his breath .
One day however , his solitude is interrupted when a group of American christian missionaries confront him , looking for passage on his boat into the troubled country of Burma so they can deliver supplies and provide medical care to the refugees who are being terrorized by the local military .
John J Rambo , being the wise man of the mountain that he is , tells them “ no ” and to go home .
But one of the missionaries ( the lone woman in the group ) decides to appeal the what little humanity still exists in John and ultimately convinces him to help them .
However , sometime after John drops the missionaries off in Burma , word comes out that the village they were helping has been attacked , and John is called on again to mount a rescue mission to save the missionaries now being held by the brutal military commander .
This part may surprise you … but … violence ensues .
THE BAD
I know I usually start these reviews with “ the good ” , but this one has to be done in reverse order .
I ’ve got to say this right up front … the first half ( or maybe closter to 5 8ths ) of the film were horrible .
If the movie had continued on the same way the entire beginning and most of the middle was going , an argument could be made that RAMBO deserves a place on the “ top 20 worst films of all time ” list .
It was really that horrible .
Where Rocky successfully took a look into a familiar character we all know , dealing not only with a desire to complete again but also looking at life , the things that matter , reflecting on past victories and past defeats , dealing with the losses in his life that age and time bring and being forced to re-examine himself and who he is , all pushed along with brilliant dialog and meaningful exposition …
Rambo fails at all of that .
Reflection is replaced with AWFUL flash back montages of previous Rambo films , dialog is replaced by … well … nothing ( and yes , I understand Rambo is quiet , I ’m not suggesting a LOT of dialog … just make sure it ’s decent when you use it the little that you do ) , pace is replaced with pause ( just about nothing happens really ) and story is replaced with just a premise .
It was a snore - fest .
Almost unwatchable … nay … it was unwatchable .
Honestly , if it were n’t for the fact that we were in a special press screening , and surrounded by security guards , I think Doug and I would have walked out .
Yeah … the first half of the film was really was that bad .
Special mention should be given to the dialog .
Most of the talking in the film is done by the Christian Missionaries , and dear sweet heavens , was it ever BAD !
Especially anything that came out of the sole female character ’s mouth .
Every time she spoke you wanted to jam popcorn in your ears to drown out the spew that was pouring forth .
I honestly felt like they got all their dialog from Hallmark cards … read by Jessica Alba .
It ’s so hard to believe that this drivel was written by the same guy who brilliantly wrote Rocky Balboa .
THE GOOD
Let ’s face it , as important a dialog is to a movie … as important as story is to a movie … as important character development is to a movie … people going into see Rambo are n’t going for he dialog , story or characters .
They want to see crazy violence , and make no mistake … once you get into the 3rd act of the film , Stallone become the conductor of one of the most massive violence symphony orchestras you ’ve ever seen !
As bad as the fist 2 acts are , the final 30 - 40 minutes equals in awesomeness .
Rambo easily contains the most violence , war gory scenes I ’ve ever witnessed in a film ( and yes , I ’m including the beach scene in “ Saving Private Ryan ” on that list ) .
At one point , the action FINALLY starts … and from then on out , Rambo puts his boot to your throat and never takes it off .
The crap just looks so frigging real , and it was so intense … and it was so violent … and he did such unspeakable things to a lot of these Burmeese soldiers … wow it was fun !
I ca n’t stress this enough :
If you ’re going to see Rambo because you want to see good ol ’ John J. kicking serious bad guy ass … then the last act of this movie will make you leave the theater with a huge smile on your face .
OVERALL
Some of the most intense action / violence I ’ve ever seen in a movie , is almost ruined by every other conceivable thing being done wrong .
The first half ( and more ) is some of the worst film making I ’ve seen in years … and then suddenly out of nowhere it is redeemed by delivering exactly what the Rambo audience paid their money to see… .
Rambo doing insane Rambo things … and doing them well .
It was enough to save the movie for me .
If you ’re going to go see it , I ’d say plan on being 20 minutes late , I promise you ’re not missing anything and you ’ll get to the good stuff faster !
Overall I give Rambo a 5 out of 10 ( first half a 1/10 , the last a 9.5/10 ) .
WATCH THE VIDEO VERSION OF THE REVIEW HERE :
I can appreciate that this is an emotional issue for some people , but if we limit ourselves to evidence and science , it looks like we have yet another issue in which John McCain does n’t know what he ’s talking about .
At a town hall meeting Friday in Texas , Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz . , declared that “ there ’s strong evidence ” that thimerosal , a mercury - based preservative that was once in many childhood vaccines , is responsible for the increased diagnoses of autism in the U.S. — a position in stark contrast with the view of the medical establishment .
[...]
McCain said , per ABC News ’ Bret Hovell , that “ It ’s indisputable that ( autism ) is on the rise amongst children , the question is what ’s causing it .
And we go back and forth and there ’s strong evidence that indicates that it ’s got to do with a preservative in vaccines . ”
As is too often the case with the senator , his comments were ill - informed and misleading .
ABC News ’
Jake Tapper ran a helpful report that cut through the spin and presented people with the evidence -- all of which contradicts McCain 's remarks .
This is not just a problem of another Republican leader who has little use for evidence and reason .
As Kevin Drum noted , McCain ’s confusion , when shared with large audiences , can have public - health consequences .
The odds of thimerosal being responsible for autism are now slim and none , and perpetuating this myth does real damage — both to the cause of autism research and to the millions of parents who hear this and decide to keep their children from receiving the normal complement of childhood vaccines .
So what happened here ?
Why did McCain perpetuate this rubbish without even a smidgen of doubt in his voice ?
Was he pandering to some constituency or other ?
Was he just making shit up because he did n’t really know anything about the subject ?
Was he misinformed by own staff about this ?
Unfortunately , my guess is that the correct answer here is “ making shit up , ” a quality that McCain has shown an unfortunate weakness for in the past .
I know reporters love the guy , but the reality is that John McCain tends to say whatever thought pops into his head , without much regard for whether it ’s true or makes sense .
As Mark Kleiman added , “ The best one can say for McCain ’s behavior is that it marks him as a fool , willing to flap his jaw about important topics based on ignorance . ”
It Came from the Interweb : " Well That Didn't Work "
Posted : Thursday February 28th , 2008 by
I was reading Penny Arcade yesterday and below the writeup Tycho provided a link to a site called " Garfield minus Garfield " .
The idea is that Garfield the cat has been removed from the comic leaving only John Arbuckle in the panels .
The result is hilarious .
Admitting heavy bias , I believe the results are exponentially better than the originals .
That in mind ( again admitting heavy bias ) I decided to experiment with the bane of my comic writing existance Family Circus .
I took the comics and removed one character at a time in an attempt to make them funny .
I ended up with panels devoid of any characters or text .
Now , before any of you get grumpy with me , I do not consider myself funny .
I 'm a " draw pictures " kinda guy .
I just can't find a writer .
So , I 'm forced to struggle through GU on my own .
Now , I 've been accused of being my own worst critic , but I know a truly funny person when I see one .
And , keep in mind , I have given Family Circus a fair chance on more than one occassion .
It just does n't work for me .
I 'd also like to state that , if you take GU strips with myself and Ted and remove either of the characters , the whole comic falls apart .
There 's none of the " schizophrenic / bipolar " charm that exists in Garfield minus Garfield .
Granted Garfield is written with a non speaking character at it's heart , unlike Family Circus or GU .
But still .
So , consider this a throwaway comic if you must .
Mean for the sake of being mean .
I fully expect comedic kharma to eat away the already meager humor centers of my brain .
And when it 's done ...
I 'll have all the tools I need to start a syndicated comic .
** whistles and looks sheepish **
[ discuss ]
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Scientists are chafing at the U.S. government ’s unfulfilled pledge to boost funding for basic scientific research , the source of innovations ranging from the World Wide Web to high - tech cancer treatments .
Scientists work in a laboratory in an undated file photo .
Scientists are chafing at the U.S. government 's unfulfilled pledge to boost funding for basic scientific research , the source of innovations ranging from the World Wide Web to high - tech cancer treatments .
REUTERS / File
The estimated $ 500 million sliced out of the fiscal 2008 federal budget for research projects seeking answers to fundamental questions such as the nature of the universe could trigger a brain drain , scientists and others warn .
“ Scientists are not going to wait around to be brought back .
There will definitely be a brain drain , ” said Republican U.S. Rep. Judy Biggert of Illinois , a key player in securing funding for Argonne National Laboratory outside Chicago .
“ It was very troublesome to me , because we have had such a focus on basic research and how important it is to American competitiveness and our long - term economic growth , ” Biggert said .
“ We ’re worried about the 2009 budget now . ”
President George W. Bush offers his 2009 budget blueprint to Congress on Tuesday , which could compensate for the shortfalls in the 2008 budget .
But passage of the budget is likely months away , and other spending priorities and a multibillion - dollar budget deficit are sure to constrain outlays .
In December , Bush ordered the Democratic - controlled Congress to stick to his 2008 budget cap in its final catch - all spending bill , and the resulting hundreds of millions of dollars in funding cuts left many researchers in shock .
“ All these agencies ( that fund scientific research ) were caught up in this shoot - out between the White House and Congress , ” said Michael Lubell , a physicist and a spokesman for the profession ’s American Physical Society .
The battle erupted just months after Bush signed the America Competes
Act into law , which calls for doubling government science funding over the next decade .
Bush cited the disconnect in his State of the Union address on Monday , admonishing Congress for inadequately funding science without mentioning his own role in the funding cuts .
PHYSICS HARD-HIT
Roughly 700 planned science projects have gone unfunded as a result , jeopardizing facilities in the United States and elsewhere .
The field of high - energy physics was the hardest hit .
Involving particle accelerators and other expensive machines , it dominates the work at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in Illinois .
“ There are so many examples of young scientists who have had really very little choice about it , who have to move , ” Fermilab spokeswoman Judy Jackson said .
Fermilab ’s 1,900 staffers were told they have to take furloughs of one week without pay every two months , and layoffs are possible .
Argonne has lost 20 of its 300 scientists .
Among the innovations credited to high - energy physics are the Internet and machines whose beams target cancerous tumors , design new materials or peer into chemical reactions .
The funding problem has reached into the medical field , disappointing researchers who must spend more time seeking grants or who may opt for clinical practice , said Carrie Wolinetz of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology .
“ The National Institutes of Health has been essentially flat - funded for the past five years and we saw that trend continue ” in 2008 , she said .
There were other casualties in the budget battle , notably some projects with international funding , which could undermine U.S. credibility as a partner , scientists said .
The International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor ( ITER ) , which will help determine whether nuclear fusion can be substituted for fission , got no funding even though the United States pledged $ 160 million to the project .
“ Science today is by and large an international activity .
Will people want to partner with us ? ” said Robert Rosner , the director at Argonne .
Rosner called the budget cuts “ devastating ” and said they sent a message that will deter young researchers from around the world from coming to the United States , as he did from Germany .
He predicted multinational companies that rely on the U.S. laboratories ’ facilities would go to Europe and elsewhere to meet their needs .
“ There is a clear role for government to do the basic research , the private sector just ca n’t do it , ” Biggert said .
Exclusive Yahoo ! and Microsoft have removed Iran from the country lists of their webmail services as stronger US sanctions against the Islamic republic begin to bite .
Google has kept Iran as an option on the Gmail registration page , however .
The US administration stepped up economic pressure on Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's eccentric government less than two weeks ago .
A Yahoo ! spokeswoman told The Reg : " Yahoo ! continually reviews its business operations to ensure compliance with these restrictions .
Consistent with this policy , we cannot accept registrations from countries subject to these restrictions .
So essentially , you can't choose Iran as a country option because we are restricted from conducting business there – all US companies must comply with this policy . "
She was unable to tell us exactly when Yahoo ! applied the rules .
Microsoft said it was unable to comment on the issue .
Google insists the sanctions do not preclude it from including Iran in its Gmail country list .
A statement from the firm said : " Google is committed to full compliance with US export controls and sanctions programs and is confident in our compliance with those controls and programs . "
A representative of the Iranian embassy in London was unable to provide an immediate response .
On 30 October , the Tehran correspondent of Netherlands newspaper NRC Handelsblad reported ( in Dutch ) that his paid Skype account had been cancelled .
An email from the VoIP outfit said its financial services provider had been forced to stop taking payments from Iran .
That 's perhaps more easily understandable than a blockade on free email .
Whether Yahoo ! and Microsoft 's apparent action is the result of an over - zealous compliance lawyer or not , the effect on US interests of denying ordinary Iranians access to free international communications is questionable at best .
Of course , the Iranian government itself heavily restricts what its citizens can access online .
The OpenNet Initiative , a collaboration of Harvard , Toronto , Oxford , and Cambridge universities , describes it as having installed " one of the most extensive technical filtering systems in the world " . ®
Update
Yahoo !
got back to us with details of when the change was made :
" In June of this year , Yahoo ! updated this [ user information gathering ] process to capture more relevant information about new users in order to provide more personalized services for users and more targeted advertising for its customers .
The user information requested includes country of residence .
Because the United States restricts U.S. businesses from conducting business in certain countries , Yahoo !
also ensured that these countries do not appear in the drop down menu . "
@ Nyle :
For all the GREENIES out there , let 's have a little common sense , ban incandescent light bulbs and force the world to use Mercury filled Fluorescents !?!
Now , I for one would rather have more Carbon Dioxide in the air than Mercury in my water .
You clearly are ignoring the many times higher amount of mercury created in the creation of the electricity the bulbs are using .
The amount of mercury in a CFL is extremely small compared to the mercury created to power a single incandescent in it 's lifetime at a coal - fired power plant .
This update was just sent to Impeach for Peace :
On Tuesday , February 5 , 2008 the City Council , City of Cannon Beach , Oregon , voted 3 to 2 in favor of sending a resolution to congress … to undertake impeachment proceedings on President George W. Bush and Vice - President Richard Cheney .
The vote followed a public hearing which was requested by a petition signed by 227 persons .
This petition was initiated as a fulfillment of last wishes for a life long resident and mentor to many – Gainor Minott .
By Texyt Staff - Sat ,
01/12/2008 - 12:22 .
Dramatic video of a notebook PC exploding in flames has shocked consumers and battered its manufacturer 's share price .
The explosion of the LG notebook 's battery earlier this week was caught in video footage ( seen here ) , which has now been broadcast on Korean television .
“ People do need to be aware that there 's a risk of very serious injury .
If there 's any sign that a laptop battery is overheating badly , stay well away from it ” , said one doctor interviewed on Korean TV .
“ The notebook computer is a tool we use every day ... anyone could become a victim , ” warned a writer for the Digital Times , in a call for safer notebook batteries .
Owners of notebooks made by LG and other manufacturers expressed alarm at the incident on Korean online forums .
“ How could I dare put that bomb on my lap again , ” asked one man .
" My notebook always seems to be too hot anyway , how can I possibly tell when it 's getting dangerous ? " , questioned another .
..
..
Smoke poured from laptop
The incident was caught on video and received considerable media attention because the notebook belonged to a reporter from the Chosun Ilbo , South Korea 's largest newspaper , who was visiting a hospital with a group of other journalists who also witnessed the incident .
The reporter first noticed smoke wafting from his laptop bag .
When he pulled the PC out , it was too hot to hold comfortably and smoke began to gush from the vents .
The journalist put the PC down on the floor and warned people to stay away .
As the smoke intensified , he began to spray it with a dry fire extinguisher .
Suddenly , jets of flame appeared and the battery compartment exploded with a loud crack , lifting the notebook off the floor and ejecting gouts of molten material across the room .
A second , even larger , explosion which followed was caught on video .
Hot fragments and burning plastic left scorch marks on the walls and floor .
The journalists controlled the resulting fire with extinguishers .
Nobody was injured in the incident .
Afterwards , debris was found scattered up to ten meters away .
The battery 's outer casing appeared to have disintegrated , and some of its individual internal battery cells were visible near the computer – all appeared charred and distorted .
LG responds
" LG Electronics is collaborating with LG Chem , the battery maker , to investigate and determine the cause of the problem , as under normal usage conditions , this type of problem should not occur , " an LG spokeswoman said .
The damaged notebook was handed to LG 's investigators , local press reports said .
The company did not identify the type of notebook that exploded , but it appeared to be an LG Xnote Z1 , a 12.1 - inch screen notebook with a 1.83 Ghz Core 2 Duo CPU and ATI X1350 graphics .
The notebook has been on sale for less than a year .
Like all modern notebooks , the Z1 uses a compact lithium ion battery .
Shares in LG Electronics and LG
Chem both fell by approximately five percent as news of the event spread .
LG has spent heavily to promote the Xnote brand , which it uses for a broad range of notebook and tablet PCs .
Safety fears
As the power density of batteries increases , fears have grown of the risk of fires and explosions caused by rare , but catastrophic , internal short circuits that convert a significant part of a battery 's electrical energy to heat in a short time .
In the US , the Federal Aviation Adminstration ( FAA ) , the body which regulates air travel safety , recently introduced restrictions on the number and size of lithium ion batteries that can be taken aboard flights as checked baggage .
Sony paid almost half a billion dollars to recall and replace notebook batteries after one was photographed exploding in 2006 .
Update : Questions raised about LG Chem 's battery testing procedure .
Please see the updated version of this story .
In proposing that temporary and agency workers should benefit from the same pay and basic conditions as their fully accredited counterparts , Farrelly 's bill drills into an issue that barely intrudes on the political mainstream : the casualisation of thousands of workplaces , and the alleged slow death of the Real Job .
Around 1.4 million people currently work in the temporary and agency sector , millions more feel its downward pull on their working lives - and at its current rate of growth , millions more soon will do .
Unfortunately , the involvement of the trade unions serves to confirm that the issue lies as far from middle England as can be , and you thus arrive at yet another illustration of how contorted Westminster politics has become : the political class blithely yakking about " rising aspirations " , while millions of people 's hopes are plummeting at speed .
At the core of all this is a red - hot bundle of concerns around immigration , so those lobbying for change choose their words very carefully .
No one is exactly sure how many migrant workers are employed in temporary and agency work - though foreign - born people increasingly form the sector 's bedrock , and dominate its role in such areas as catering , private security and construction .
This week 's government report on immigration 's economic impact might have told a rosy story , though one could just about discern these developments in some of its more unsettling passages - admissions that workers from the A8 and A2 countries ( those eastern European states who joined the EU in 2004 , as well as Romania and Bulgaria ) " earn noticeably less than UK - born workers " , and that migrant labour has effected a " modest " downward pull on wages at the economy 's bottom end .
Casualised work hovers behind both those points - though bizarrely , the report contains no mention of temporary and agency employment , nor any data about how migrants fare when it comes to holidays , pensions , sick pay and the like .
On the ground , however , alarming evidence is mounting up .
A few months ago I spoke to a manufacturing employee from the West Midlands who works in a factory producing car parts .
Three years ago , his bosses began the mass recruitment of a new kind of worker .
A dwindling number of long - standing staff were on £ 11 an hour ; the new arrivals - many of whom barely knew what they were doing - worked 12 - hour days for £ 4 an hour less , had none of the usual entitlements to paid holidays or sick leave , and were seemingly arriving and leaving through a revolving door .
Within 18 months , for every " core " worker , there were two supplied by agencies , many of whom were from Poland , Cameroon or Senegal .
The walls were quickly smattered with racist graffiti and the level of scrap increased fast .
Under union pressure , the company relented and proposed a scheme whereby long - standing agency workers could eventually join the accredited workforce , and , in its wake , the rancorous atmosphere began to improve .
Set against developments that are defining an ever - increasing share of the economy , these people were lucky .
Trade unionists cite no end of altogether bleaker case studies : three - tier workplaces in which indigenous British employees sit precariously at the top , flimsily employed Poles come further down , and thoroughly casualised Hungarians and Slovakians are left right at the bottom ; increasing numbers of people whose lack of sick pay forces them into working while ill .
On the stories go : meat - processing workers in Monmouthshire threatened with redundancy unless they downgraded to agency terms , and then fired ; agency street cleaners in Salford who must show up at dawn each day to see if they 're required for work .
The dereliction of formal employment applies to both private and public sectors , and the issue spreads way beyond the workplace : there is increasing evidence , for example , that casualisation is feeding into the burgeoning sub - prime mortgage market .
Seemingly frit when it comes to dealing with the economic nitty - gritty , the government 's absence of answers is crystallised by that ugly and pretty much meaningless slogan " British jobs for British workers " .
Being on the centre - left should surely be less about appropriating the vernacular of the ultra - right than understanding the need for action at the sharp end : as Blair 's old formulation would have it , being tough on social discord and tough on the causes of social discord .
But no , give or take recent talk about increased enforcement of the minimum wage and timid plans for regulation that will swerve past the essential issues of unequal pay , the poisonous status quo remains .
When the election finally arrives , beware .
Given its talent for issuing leaflets that read more like Socialist Worker than Mein Kampf , the British National Party is making hay with the issue of casual labour , as I was recently reminded while reading The Triumph of the Political Class , a new book by the Mail columnist Peter Oborne .
An elegant tirade against a cross-party cabal either in thrall to vested interests or so lost in the woods of electoral arithmetic that the stuff of real lives scares them , one of its most sobering sections deals with the rise of the BNP " in Barking , Dagenham , Dewsbury , Leeds and Burnley " and its place in what he sees as an " insurgency against the political class " .
" The estrangement between a tiny governing elite and mainstream British society is one of the overwhelming themes of our age , and will only get more desperate , and more dangerous , " he says .
At the top , an uneasy silence about one of our most urgent issues proves the point , but who 's listening ?
john.harris@theguardian.com
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Wall Street gave a passing glance on Friday to the U.S. presidential election kickoff in Iowa , and did n’t particularly like what it saw from Republican winner Mike Huckabee or top Democrat Barack Obama .
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee talks with the media after television interviews at a hotel in Manchester , New Hampshire , January 4 , 2008 .
Mike Huckabee 's surprising victory in Iowa on Thursday turned the Republican race for U.S. president upside down , but his path to the party 's presidential nomination was far from certain .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
Attention quickly shifted to the U.S. employment report for December as investors scrambled to figure out whether the U.S. economy would slip into recession this year .
The government ’s data showed the U.S. economy created a scant 18,000 jobs in December , far fewer than the 70,000 that economists had predicted , and the unemployment rate jumped to 5 percent , the highest since November 2005 .
Financial markets showed little reaction to the election news , but the stock market braced for steep losses while prices for U.S. government bonds soared after the employment report cast fresh doubts on the health of the U.S. economy .
The economy is likely to become a bigger factor in the U.S. presidential campaign in the coming weeks as it moves beyond Iowa and next week ’s New Hampshire primary into more populous states such as California and Florida .
Investors will be listening for candidates ’ plans to fix the imploding housing market or cool inflation .
Those economic issues barely merited a mention in Iowa , where the Republican winner worried right - leaning Wall Street more than the Democrat .
Financial markets typically feel more comfortable with Republicans in power because they are generally more friendly to business on such issues as taxes and regulation .
Huckabee , a Baptist preacher and former Arkansas governor , does n’t fit that mold .
“ The scary thing about it for me is that he seems like a right - wing populist , ” said Charles Biderman , chief executive of Trim Tabs Investment Research in Santa Rosa , California .
“ I ’m not sure what his economic platform is and who his economic supporters ( are ) .
We know who ’s backing Hillary ( Clinton ) and who is backing ( Rudy ) Giuliani .
Huckabee is an unknown . ”
Wall Street likes to know what it ’s dealing with , and its bets were on Clinton and Giuliani -- frontrunners in national polls going into Iowa -- to eventually win the nominations .
The concern with Obama ’s victory was that polls show him as more electable than Clinton in November , raising investors ’ fears that Democrats would end up controlling both Congress and the White House .
“ An Obama presidency would be the worst outcome because every Democratic legislation ... will sail right through , including big regulatory plans and the like , ” said Chip Hanlon , president of Delta Global Advisors Inc in Huntington Beach , California .
DES MOINES VS DETROIT
What makes Iowa an anomaly for Wall Street is more than just the quirky way it chooses candidates , opting for small gatherings in living rooms or schools rather than voting booths .
When it comes to many of the big economic issues , Iowa ’s interests run counter to the rest of the country .
While $ 100 oil grabbed the headlines this week and raised the specter of 1970s - style stagflation , expensive energy helps Iowa ’s ethanol industry .
As one of the largest U.S. corn and soybean growers , Iowa benefits from the high grain prices that have made food more expensive for the average American .
Iowa ’s housing market has n’t suffered the same boom - and - bust cycle that has devastated states such as California and Florida .
Ray Fair , a professor at Yale University who devised an economic model 30 years ago that has proved remarkably successful in picking presidential election winners , said economic growth and inflation in an election year were the key to predicting which party would prevail .
Bottom line , if the U.S. economy slips into a recession , Republicans have little chance because the incumbent party is virtually always blamed for election - year economic trends .
Voters are “ looking around to see how their family ’s doing , their neighbors .
That ’s all highly correlated with employment and output growth , ” Fair said .
Steep energy and food prices make for an interesting dynamic in the current election because Americans have not faced serious inflationary pressure in 20 years .
Jeffrey Frankel , a professor at Harvard University ’s Kennedy School of Government who served on President Bill Clinton ’s Council of Economic Advisers , said those pocketbook issues weigh heavily on consumer confidence .
The worse the mood on Main Street , the more likely voters are to kick out the incumbent ’s party .
Recent data shows confidence at its lowest level since the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
Friday ’s employment report could further sour sentiment .
“ Voters are heavily influenced by what is happening in the economy right now , ” Frankel said .
If the U.S. economy slips into recession , “ it would be a very strong negative indicator for the incumbent party . ”
( Adds PM , analyst comments )
PUTRAJAYA , Malaysia , Jan 2 ( Reuters ) - Malaysia 's health minister resigned on Wednesday , a day after he shocked the nation by admitting he was the man in a widely circulated sex video .
Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi said he had accepted the resignation of Health Minister Chua Soi Lek , who apologised after two lengthy DVDs hit the streets showing him engaging in sexual acts with an unidentified woman .
The scandal is the latest in a series of problems plaguing Abdullah 's government , which has been widely expected to call a snap election in the coming weeks .
" After I made my confession , I had hoped Malaysians would be able to accept my apology , " he said .
" Unfortunately , from the feedback I received , I observed that Malaysians cannot accept it . "
" Some Malaysians have a holier - than - thou attitude , " Chua , a doctor by training , told a packed news conference at his office .
" At the end of the day , it just tells you that honesty sometimes does not pay . "
Chua , who said the woman was a " personal friend " , had insisted on Tuesday he would not resign over the issue , drawing a sharp rebuke from people within and outside government .
The New Straits Times , controlled by Abdullah 's ruling party , said in a commentary Chua should quit to save the government from further anguish .
Abdullah , a devout Muslim , won a record mandate in 2004 polls on a pledge to clean up the government and fight corruption .
" For a top politician you can't continue in power when you are seen naked , " said political analyst Ooi Kee Beng .
ABDULLAH'S HEADACHES
The prime minister said he had been shocked by the news but stressed that the episode was unlikely to undermine his coalition 's election preparations .
" He ( Chua ) has taken responsibility over what had happened .
I feel it was an appropriate decision taken by him , " he said , adding that Chua 's position would be filled later .
Chua , a father of three , said he did not make the DVDs .
Newspapers said they were closed - circuit recordings made two years ago in a hotel room .
One DVD lasted 56 minutes and the other 44 minutes .
Police were probing the case , trying to establish who made the recordings and how four cameras came to be in the room of a hotel in the southern state of Johor , the New Straits Times said .
Abdullah 's four - year - old administration has been beset with major problems lately , a sign he may be forced to delay elections beyond March , when many had expected them to take place .
In late November , more than 10,000 ethnic Indians took to the streets in an unprecedented protest over racial discrimination .
( Additional reporting by Syed Azman and Niluksi Koswanage ; Writing by Jalil Hamid ; Editing by Roger Crabb )
With respect to your editorial " NATO 's Afghan Failure " ( Feb. 1 ) : NATO is an anachronism .
It was created to protect Europe from the Soviet Union and had its heyday in an age when European countries lay decimated after World War II ; an age when America was the unquestioned leader of the trans -Atlantic alliance .
The Soviet Union imploded years ago , and over the last 50 years European countries have created a new and integrated European Union that is , arguably , our generation 's most successful political enterprise .
European states ...
Mr. Ahmadinejad said that Iran would move ahead with its nuclear enrichment program , adding that the report suggested that the Americans had admitted to a mistake in judging Iran ’s program .
“ But their attitude does not allow them to admit their mistake , and so they have to convey it in other words , ” the news agency quoted him as saying .
“ We tell them , ‘ It is all right , and it is enough that you are confessing to your mistakes . ’ ”
Image President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad with supporters in Irans Ilam province today .
Credit ... Mehdi Ghasemi / Associated Press
The report , a National Intelligence Estimate released Monday , concluded that Iran halted a clandestine nuclear arms program in 2003 .
Iran has contended all along that its nuclear program is peaceful and that it wants to enrich uranium to produce fuel for its nuclear plants .
Mr. Ahmadinejad and other authorities here have ignored the part of the report saying that Iran pursued secret nuclear weapons activities until 2003 , and they have addressed only the part that says Iran ’s nuclear activities have been for peaceful purposes since then .
Ali Larijani , a former nuclear negotiator and now the representative of Iran ’s supreme religious leader at the Supreme National Security Council , said Wednesday that the important part of the report was its indication that the current program was peaceful , ISNA reported .
He did not refer to the issue of Iran ’s clandestine program cited in the report , but dismissed it indirectly , saying other subjects were included for “ ill intentions  otherwise the report would have looked bad . ”
The Associated Press reported that Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , in Ethiopia on Wednesday , said , “ It is the very strong view of the administration that the Iranian regime remains a problematic and dangerous regime and that the international community must continue to unite around the Security Council resolutions that it has passed . ”
( Natural News ) The Department of Homeland Security 's Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) is moving forward to institute a rule that would require all passengers to go through a government review process before boarding any airplane that takes off or lands anywhere with in the United States .
The U.S. government already requires international passengers to participate in the Advanced Passenger Information System , providing their full name , gender , date of birth , nationality , country of residence , and travel document type and number to the TSA before boarding .
Under the proposed Secure Flight Program , this procedure would also be required on domestic flights .
Currently , individual airlines are responsible for checking the passenger manifests against the " no fly " and " enhanced screening " lists provided by the TSA .
The new programs are part of a concerted effort to centralize this process , so that the TSA itself will check all supplied information against these lists , and then instruct the airline or airport staff as to how to proceed .
The Association of Corporate Travel Executives ( ACTE ) has criticized the new Secure Flight rules for their secrecy and lack of accountability .
The association has expressed concern that there is no clear appeals process for passengers denied boarding or continually forced to undergo enhanced security screening .
" On the surface , the new Secure Flight program no longer relies on commercial databases and appears to have reduced the number of names on the ' No Fly ' list , " said ACTE Executive Director Susan Gurley .
" It also seems that the responsibility for checking data is no longer abrogated to the airlines .
While this is a step in the right direction , it prompts the industry to ask what was the origin of this new data , how is it stored , who has access to it , and how can it be corrected . "
post and was surprised to see him praising the aesthetic value of VB.NET .
Am I mistaken or has the collective self - esteem of millions of VB.NET programmers just risen considerably ?
Perhaps the word ' just ' is a bit of a stretch since the post was actually written several weeks ago .
I would have come across it sooner , but I am currently living in mortal fear of my RSS Reader which has somehow managed to swell in size to a couple of hundred subscriptions and now spends all of my computer 's spare CPU cycles calculating evil plots to take over the world .
But I digress ...
For those of you who have never worshiped at the alter of Don , here are his
.
Besides being one of the original designers of SOAP , he 's also authored of a
in the DevelopMentor " Essential " series that I was n't quite smart enough to fully grok the last time I tried reading them .
If you 've been around long enough to have had the pleasure of working with COM , then you probably recognize the " COM is Love " phrase that he coined
To put it in historical context , he was a full - fledged geek rock - star when
was still busy popping zits .
About the best we can say about Attorney General Michael Mukasey ’s testimony Wednesday in the Senate is that he was no Alberto Gonzales , with the frequent memory lapses and possibly intentional misstatements .
But that is a very low bar .
On torture , domestic spying and other important matters , Mr. Mukasey parroted the Bush administration ’s deplorable line .
He was particularly disappointing in his see - no - evil approach to the misconduct at the Justice Department before he arrived .
The American people deserve better from their highest law - enforcement official , who was making his first appearance before the Senate Judiciary Committee since taking office in November .
To a disturbing degree , he has adopted his predecessor ’s habit of saying precisely what the White House wanted to hear .
It should not have been hard for Mr. Mukasey to admit that waterboarding  the odious practice of making prisoners believe they are about to be drowned  is torture .
He frankly conceded that if it were done to him it “ would feel that way . ”
But he weaved and dodged questions from senators about whether it is torture when it is done to other people , and whether it is illegal .
Mr. Mukasey also pushed Congress to give immunity to telecommunications companies for any illegal acts they committed while helping the administration carry out its outlaw domestic spying program .
Mr. Mukasey is responsible for enforcing the law .
Pushing Congress to immunize lawbreakers , especially before it learns what laws were broken , is inconsistent with this duty .
In this post , we will look at some areas of vulnerability for the US electrical supply .
While this analysis is restricted to the United States , some of the issues discussed may also be relevant to other countries .
We may already be starting to see some beginning examples of electrical shortages , such as this recent story regarding Maine .
Residents were being asked to conserve electricity because of a natural gas shortage related to supply disruption and cold weather .
Maine has a relatively tight electrical supply and heavy dependence on natural gas , so it is at high risk for this type of disruption .
I expect to see more outages like this in the coming months and years , especially in high - risk areas .
We on The Oil Drum spend so much time worrying about oil supply that we tend to think that electrical supply is relatively safe in comparison .
If we stop to think about the issues , I think that we will find that the electrical situation is not much better than the oil situation .
The likelihood of widespread electrical outages in next five to ten years is uncomfortably high .
We do n't have as good projections regarding future natural gas supplies as oil supplies , but it is pretty clear that the US is headed for a decline in available natural gas .
Our current production is flat , and we are dependent on imports and liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) to meet our needs :
Figure 1
We keep having to drill more and more , to keep our current production flat :
Figure 2
The question becomes one of how much drilling we can do for natural gas , before costs exceed the value of the natural gas produced .
Heading
Out wrote a post recently pointing out that gas production from the Barnett Shale does not seem to be economic at today 's prices .
Is there some analysis we at TOD can do , perhaps using the natural gas per foot drilled figures from Figure 2 , to put a limit on how much drilling it makes sense for natural gas ?
The real question comes down to energy return -- at what point are we spending too much energy to make the effort worthwhile .
Imports do not seem to be a solution either .
Canada recently announced that its natural gas exports are expected to decline because of reduced drilling and decline issues .
Some people hope that LNG imports will be a solution .
This seems unlikely .
LNG production is not expanding rapidly enough to provide the quantity we would require .
In addition , a huge amount of new infrastructure would be required , which has not been built .
The states most vulnerable to natural gas shortages are heavy users of natural gas , especially those at the end of supply lines .
Some states meeting this description are Arkansas , California , Massachusetts , Maine , Nevada , and Rhode Island .
( See Figure 7 at the end of the post for state natural gas percentages . )
2. Temporary disruption of fuel supplies , particularly natural gas supply .
This is closely related to inadequate supply .
The tighter the supply , the more important a small outage in natural gas supplies becomes .
Short unplanned maintenance in a field , or a pipeline problem , can be enough of a disruption to cause a problem , if supplies are very tight .
On the coal side , closure of a major railroad can disrupt coal supplies to a number of power plants simultaneously .
3. Inadequate nuclear fuel .
The majority of uranium used to run U. S. nuclear reactors is imported :
Figure 3
There is a considerable amount of controversy regarding whether there will be a gap in the available fuel for nuclear reactors in the next few years .
According to Sanders Research Associates , a major source of imports is fuel created from dismantled Russian nuclear weapons .
EIA data shows that in 2006 , about 23 % of US total nuclear fuel needs was from Russia .
According to Sanders , our agreement for importing this material will end in 2013 , and it is unlikely to be renewed .
Other countries are also using dismantled Russian nuclear weapons as a source of fuel , so there could be an impact on competition for imports as will as a direct impact on supply .
According to the World Nuclear Organization ( WNO ) , uranium production in recent years has been relatively flat , while world demand is much higher .
WNO indicates current uranium production amounts to only 61 % of world demand .
Figure 4
Demand for uranium is likely to continue to grow in the future , because there are many plants planned or under construction in Asia ( 18 reactors under construction , and 112 planned or proposed , according to the WNO ) .
Most people believe that there are ways of working around the likely shortfall in supply .
Some options include recycling US nuclear weapons ; recycling used nuclear fuel ; building new mines in places where there is lower - grade ore ; and adapting nuclear power plants to use another input , such as thorium .
The question as I see it is whether enough will be done in a short enough time frame to avoid having to close reactors for lack of fuel .
A solution that will work in 2020 will not be of much help in 2010 or 2015 .
The EIA Uranium Marketing Annual Report shows the following schedule of contracts for future supply for the United States :
Figure 5
Since uranium use in 2006 totaled 66.5 million pounds of U3O8 equivalent , and future contracted amounts are much lower than this , there is a gap that will need to be filled , in some way .
If not , some plants may have to be taken off line .
The states with the highest percentages of electricity from nuclear power are Vermont , New Jersey , South Carolina , Illinois , and Connecticut .
( See Figure 7 at the end of this post for the distribution of fuels used in each state ) .
Other states using nuclear power might also be subject to electricity shortages , if their nuclear reactors are not able to obtain fuel .
4 . Power plants temporarily off line , or decommissioned , for reasons other than fuel shortages
Of the various types of power plants that can be taken off - line , the ones that are biggest and likeliest to have the most impact are nuclear plants .
Nuclear plants generate so much power that having one of them off line , even for a short time , is likely to be a problem .
There are any number of reasons for nuclear plant outages , including
• Maintenance , planned or unplanned
• Earthquake
• Water supply problem - not enough , or output too hot for river
• Terrorist attack
• Permanent decommissioning
With our nuclear plants now quite old , the number of maintenance issues is likely to be higher , and thus the number of unplanned outages greater .
With respect to non-nuclear plants , one threat I see is that water shortages may take a group of plants ( of various types ) off - line simultaneously .
This kind of risk has the highest probability where there are water shortages , such as the Southwest and more recently , Atlanta .
Hydroelectric plants ( generally located more in the North ) are particularly susceptible to problems in times of drought .
5. Deregulation of Electric Utilities
Deregulation is often cited as a reason for increased power outages .
In states with deregulation , the newly regulated industry has little incentive to build new power plants , to prevent the occasional black - out .
Matt Simmons has been quoted as saying that deregulation has made Maine more vulnerable to blackouts than it would otherwise be " because the private sector will not finance a plant to supply peak energy for the ' rare ' cold snap " .
What tends to happen in deregulated states is that as the need for power grows , inadequate new capacity is added , leaving the state with less power than it really needs when demand is high .
The states which have been de-regulated are mostly in the North - East .
This is a link to an EIA map showing states ' current status .
6. Inadequate base production capacity .
Traditionally , coal and nuclear power have been used to provide " base power " -- that is , a constant level of power that is sufficient for normal demand levels , but that needs to be supplemented with " peaking power " ( usually natural gas or hydroelectric ) at times when electrical needs are higher .
Since the Clean Air Act was passed in 1990 , there has been considerable opposition to building new coal fired power plants .
As a result , few new coal plants have been built , even in regulated states .
There has also been opposition to nuclear plants , so none have been added .
With virtually no coal or nuclear capacity being added , base production capacity has drifted downward relative to demand , making utilities more dependent on peaking capacity .
The " solution " has been to add many natural gas plants since 1990 .
Natural gas power plants are attractive to utilities , because
• They are less polluting than coal , both with respect to CO2 and other pollutants
• The plants are relatively cheap and quick to build
• The EIA still forecasts relatively plentiful supplies
Going forward , it is not entirely clear what will happen to fix the current deficiency in base capacity and to compensate for old plants which will need to be retired .
The EIA forecasts that many coal plants will be built in the future .
The National Coal Council ( NCC ) ( similar to the National Petroleum Council , but for coal ) recommends that the country build a large number of coal plants , and try to sequester the CO2 ( even though it is not clear that this can be done on any significant scale ) .
I suspect that despite these projections / recommendations , there is a significant chance that very little in the way of base electrical power plants will be built in the next few years .
People will continue to object to coal and nuclear .
It will become clear that natural gas is not really an option , either , because of supply issues .
Electric utilities will try to add renewables such as wood chip burning plants and geothermal as base production , but will be difficult to scale these up to the needed level .
( Solar and wind are not suitable as base capacity . )
According to EIA data , renewables other than hydroelectric generated only 2 % of total electric supply in 2006 , so the starting base is very low .
Figure 6
Because of these issues , it seems likely to me that base capacity is likely to continue to erode , making utilities more and more vulnerable to power outages .
7. Workforce close to retirement age .
A recent article in EnergyBizOnlline says :
Workforce levels in the electric utility industry have dropped more than 20 percent since 1990 , while power generation has increased by more than 30 percent .
A little less than half of the industry ’s roughly 400,000 workers are eligible for retirement in the next five to 10 years , without nearly enough recruits to take their place .
It sounds like the workforce problems we have seen in the oil and gas industry also apply to the electric industry .
8. Inadequate maintenance of the grid .
The grid is now in serious need of maintenance and upgrading , made worse by deregulation .
Attendees at a recent " Grid " conference were asked to judge the likelihood of a major power outage in the next five years , using a scale of 1 to 10 , with 10 being " most likely . "
The average of the responses was an 8 .
The same article quoted in Point 7 above had this to say about the grid :
The average age of power transformers in service is 40 years , which also happens to be the average lifespan of this equipment .
Combine the crying need for maintenance with a shrinking workforce , and we may find that the 2005 blackout that affected parts of Canada and the northeastern United States might have been a dress rehearsal for what ’s to come .
Deregulation and restructuring of the industry created downward pressure on recruitment , training and maintenance , and the bill is now coming due .
There is discussion of moving from an analog to a digital grid with new transformers and new meters capable of two - way communication .
All of this will be very expensive , and require a lot of manpower .
With all of the pressures on the electricity industry , I am skeptical that the resources will be found to make this needed upgrade .
9. Spillover impact of oil shortages .
Suppose oil shortages affect the world first .
How long will it be before the electric utilities are affected ?
I suspect not very long , due to Liebig 's Law of the Minimum .
If any necessary item needed for production is missing , production will stop .
If there are shortages of gasoline , workers may not be able to get to work .
If there are shortages of diesel , needed parts may not be delivered , and needed maintenance of the grid may not be performed .
If there are financial impacts from oil shortages , these will affect utilities , just like everyone else .
They will find it harder to raise rates to fiance all of the new infrastructure that is needed .
They may even find it difficult to pay their workers .
In a few places like Hawaii , there may be direct impacts on electrical production from a drop in oil production .
Figure 7 below indicates that 78 % of Hawaii 's fuel for electricity in 2006 was petroleum .
When we put the strain of peak oil on electric utilities together with the other strains on electric utilities , I expect our electrical system will degrade significantly .
I expect that we will begin to see fairly frequent and widespread electrical power outages , if these have not already begun because of issues such as natural gas or uranium shortages .
I expect that the electrical supply that continues will be less reliable , and less able to handle peak demands .
In some parts of the country , electric service may only be available for a few hours a day .
With this limited electrical supply , I question whether grid - tied solutions to our oil problems , such as plug - in electric vehicles , will be feasible for very long .
SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL
I put together a table of electrical production by fuel source by state using EIA data :
Figure 7
Figure 7 data can be downloaded from this page An Excel version of the exhibit and summary data can be found here .
The non - hydro renewables includes a wide range of renewables , including waste wood used as fuel for electrical power plants and geothermal .
I believe the non - hydro renewables for Maine are high as a percentage of the total because of waste wood ; California non-hydro renewables are high because of geothermal .
Negatives in the " Other " column are OK - they reflect geo - thermal pumped storage , which is a negative reflecting the energy lost in the process .
By Dominic Casciani
Home affairs reporter , BBC News
Mosques : Some hold Sharia courts Lord Phillips , the most senior judge in England and Wales , has said that principles of sharia law could play a role in some parts of the legal system .
But how does the sharia system work and fit into society ?
What is Sharia ?
Sharia law is Islam 's legal system .
It is derived from both the Koran , as the word of God , the example of the life of the prophet Muhammad , and fatwas - the rulings of Islamic scholars .
But Sharia differs in one very important and significant way to the legal traditions of the Western world : it governs , or at least informs , every aspect of the life of a Muslim .
What does it cover ?
Western law confines itself largely to matters relating to crime , contract , civil relationships and individual rights .
Sharia is however concerned with more .
Sharia rulings have been developed to help Muslims understand how they should lead every aspect of their lives according to God 's wishes .
What does this mean in practice ?
All sorts of things in daily life .
For example , many young Muslims ask themselves what they should do if colleagues invite them to the pub after work or college .
Many people would of course make up their own mind about the appropriate course of action .
But others may turn to a Sharia scholar for advice .
So Sharia covers a lot of very mundane and banal daily issues where observant Muslims want to ensure they act within the legal framework of their faith .
So how are rulings made ?
Like any legal system , Sharia is complex and its practice is entirely reliant on the quality and training of experts .
There are different schools of thought , which consequently lead to different rulings .
Scholars spend decades studying the law and , as with Western law , an expert on one aspect of Sharia is by no means the authority on another .
Islamic jurists issue guidance and rulings .
Guidance that is considered a formal legal ruling is called a Fatwa .
Do people go to court ?
Sharia courts exist in both the Muslim world and in the Western world .
In parts of the Muslim world the criminal courts and their punishments are of course drawn from the rules of Sharia .
In the West , Muslim communities have established Sharia courts to largely deal with family or business disputes .
The internet has become a popular way of seeking a ruling with scholars .
Some of the guidance to Muslims in the west which has been considered most outlandish has come from these sources , particularly where the scholar has no knowledge of the realities of western life .
Why is Sharia mentioned in the same breath as public executions ?
Of all the issues around Islamic law , this remains the most controversial in Western eyes - and its presentation the most infuriating for Muslims .
Tariq Ramadan : Called for moratorium on death penalty Muslims say the Western world misrepresents Sharia by focusing on beheadings in Saudi Arabia and other gruesome punishments .
The equivalent , they say , would be a debate about the history of Western law focused on America 's electric chair .
Some modern Muslim scholars say that while Sharia includes provisions for capital and corporal punishment , getting to that stage is in fact quite difficult .
The most famous Muslim thinker in Europe , Tariq Ramadan , has called for a moratorium on these penalties in the Muslim world .
He argues that the conditions under which such penalties would be legal are almost impossible to re-establish in today 's world .
But Muslims can be executed for converting ?
Apostasy , or leaving the faith , is a very controversial issue in the Muslim world and the majority of scholars believe it is punishable by death .
But a minority of Muslim thinkers , particularly those engaged with Western societies , argue that the reality of the modern world means the " punishment " should be left to God - and that Islam itself is not threatened by apostasy .
The Koran itself declares there is " no compulsion " in religion .
Egypt 's most senior cleric has faced a storm in the Middle East after floating some of these ideas but the debate may well continue for many generations to come .
So what kind of Sharia are we talking about in the UK ?
The key issues are family law , finance and business .
In practice many Muslims do turn to Sharia guidance for many of these day - to - day matters , particularly family disputes .
And how does this work in practice ?
Muslims are increasingly looking to the example of Jewish communities which have long - established religious community courts .
These " courts " are legally recognised in English law as a means for warring parties to agree to arbitration .
The law sees this as a practical way of helping people to resolve their differences in their own way , without clogging up the local courts .
But what about incorporating Sharia into British law ?
In two important areas British law has incorporated religious legal considerations .
British food regulations allow meat to be slaughtered according to Jewish and Islamic practices - a touchstone issue for both communities .
Secondly , the Treasury has approved Sharia - compliant financial products such as mortgages and investments .
Islam forbids interest on the basis that it is money unjustly earned .
These products are said by supporters to meet the needs of modern life in a way that fits the faith .
Has any western nation allowed Sharia to be used in full ?
Not at all .
Canada is widely reported to have come close - leading to protests in 2005 .
But in reality the proposals were little different from the existing religious arbitration rules here in the UK .
Experts considered establishing Sharia - related family courts to ease the burden on civil courts - but said these would have to observe the basic human rights guarantees of Canadian law .
What about Sharia and women ?
Some Muslim women in Britain are concerned about how their rights are protected .
Take marriage for example .
Muslims only consider themselves truly married once they have conducted the Islamic ceremony , known as the nikah .
In some cases , this means that there is a cultural view that the British civil ceremony , which enforces legal rights under the law , is not important .
Some mosques are aware of this issue and now demand to see a marriage certificate as a condition of the nikah .
Others do not .
Many women want Muslim leaders to do more to ensure their rights are protected under British law .
Does Sharia allow men to instantly divorce wives ?
There is an idea that men merely have to say the Arabic for divorce three times ( known as the triple talaq ) and that is sufficient - and there are some men who think they have this right .
In practice , not only do texts show Muhammad disagreed but today , where Sharia courts are properly run , the words are merely a symbolic part of a rigorous process .
Marriage is a contract in Islam .
Scholars expect three - month cooling - off periods , dialogue , arbitration and counselling .
However , Talaq is a very complicated area of Sharia law with conflicting views - see internet links for one example .
So women have reservations about Sharia ?
Some Muslim women in the West would be worried about protection of their rights in Sharia courts where there is discrimination against them because of patriarchal and cultural control in their communities .
This does not mean that they are necessarily opposed to Sharia - only there are concerns about the fairness of its application .
It 's fair to say that many leading Muslim women are more concerned about how existing British equality measures and human rights laws can be used to improve their position and voice in society .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The New York Times has discontinued the My Alerts feature .
The Times no longer supports this feature .
To stay on top of your favorite New York Times topics and writers , please consider signing up for one of our email newsletters .
You can also follow The Times on Facebook or follow The Times and many of our journalists on Twitter .
We apologize for any inconvenience .
President Vladimir Putin yesterday accused Europe and the United States of double standards over their support for an independent Kosovo , and warned that any declaration of statehood by Pristina would be " illegal , ill - conceived and immoral " .
Putin said that Russia remained utterly opposed to Kosovo breaking away from Serbia .
If Kosovo 's Albanian leaders ignored Russian objections and announced independence this Sunday Moscow would be forced to act , he said .
He did not spell out what precisely Russia would do .
There has been speculation that Moscow could retaliate by recognising the breakaway Georgian republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia , and the separatist Moldovan enclave of Trans - Dniester .
" Other countries look after their interests .
We consider it appropriate to look after our interests .
We have done some homework and we know what we will do , " he warned .
Speaking at his annual press conference in the Kremlin - his last before stepping down as president in May - Putin insisted that Kosovo did not deserve special status .
" I do n't want to say anything that would offend anyone , but for 40 years northern Cyprus has practically had independence .
Why are n't you recognising that ?
Are n't you ashamed , Europeans , for having these double standards ? " he said .
He went on : " Why do we promote separatism ?
For 400 years Great Britain has been fighting for its territorial integrity in respect of Northern Ireland .
Why not ?
Why do n't you support that ? " he asked a journalist from German TV .
Putin insisted that " unified rules should be applied " when dealing with separatist conflicts .
He complained : " International law does n't guard the interests of small countries . "
Russia supported Serbia 's call for an urgent meeting on Kosovo at the UN security council , he added .
But Putin hinted that Russia would not ape the west by immediately recognising the independence claims of Abkhazia , South Ossetia and Trans - Dniester .
" We wo n't behave like monkeys , " he said .
" If someone backs an illegal and ill - conceived position we will not follow suit .
We will react to preserve our interests . "
Putin answered a range of questions in a press conference that lasted four hours and 40 minutes .
He talked about pensions , life expectancy , babies , the neglected Far East regions of Chukotka and Vladivostok and - from a female journalist in the balcony - whether he fancied going on a Valentine 's day date .
He was at times both funny and pugnacious .
He made it clear that he does not intend to retire from politics once his second term as president expires on May 7 .
He confirmed he will become Russia 's new prime minister and decisively influence Russia 's political course for a long time - possibly up until 2020 .
He said there were moments when being president had been a " heavy burden " .
There was a moment of sympathy too for President George Bush - another leader who had shared the cares of high office .
" You have to take decisions that nobody else is in a position to take .
They are not always pleasant decisions .
It is n't easy .
Is it easy for George Bush ? " he reflected .
" This is where the buck stops . "
Putin warmly praised the man who will take over from him , Dmitry Medvedev , Russia 's first deputy PM .
Medvedev was an " honest , decent and good man " , a colleague of 15 years , and was " progressively oriented " and modest , Putin said .
He predicted : " I 'm sure he will be a good president and an efficient leader .
Besides , there is personal chemistry [ between us ] .
Simply speaking , I trust him . "
Medvedev is guaranteed to win Russia 's presidential election on March 2 as Putin endorsed him as his successor in December .
Yesterday Putin said Medvedev would have the last word in decision making but said his role as " prime minister " was not a subservient one .
" I would never act as a substitute head of state .
But of course I reserve the right to express my views , " Putin declared , saying he too had taken advice from his predecessor Boris Yeltsin .
Putin also praised Russia 's economic resurgence .
He said last year wages went up by 16.9 % .
Russia was now the world 's seventh largest economy - with rising prosperity and living standards and 3.4 trillion roubles in a stabilisation fund .
But he admitted that his government had failed to deal with inflation which ran to 11.9 % last year .
The Kremlin also had not managed to get to grips with the widening gap between rich and poor , he said .
Asked whether he had been tempted to go for an unconstitutional third term as president , Putin fired back : " Never . "
" Power is the most addictive thing , the most intoxicating thing .
But I have never been addicted to anything , " he said .
He admitted , though , that he was now a bit tired and would like a rest .
" Over the years I 've been working my back off like in a salt mine , " he said .
Authored by : entre on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:08 PM EST
Authored by : rsteinmetz70112 on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:11 PM EST
I hope it 's real money , Novell and IBM might get paid in that case .
---
Rsteinmetz - IANAL therefore my opinions are illegal .
" I could be wrong now , but I do n't think so . "
Randy Newman - The Title Theme from Monk
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:17 PM EST
The fine print says the financing is a 17 % interest rate booked against future
wins in the lawsuits .
You can bet there is some big hand behind the curtain pulling the strings to
keep this going .
---
The $ 100 M comprises : ( a ) $ 5 M upfront , in exchange for a new series of preferred
stock .
That should be sufficient to pay off all of SCO 's creditors with
currently - liquidated claims .
( b ) a $ 95 M line of credit from which SCO could pay
future judgments obtained by Novell / IBM / RedHat ( and / or post bonds for appealing
those judgments ) .
---
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:17 PM EST
I , too , am very interested in seeing SCO 's claims proceed to their ( inevitable )
conclusion . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:18 PM EST
With an influx of " up to " 100 million dollars , IBM , Novell , Red Hat ,
AutoZone , ( have I missed anyone ? ) will be able to get some recompense from SCO
for SCO 's harmful actions toward them .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Latesigner on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:18 PM EST
The " castle in Spain " aspect of this is so great that it suggest a
break with reality .
---
The only way to have an " ownership " society is to make slaves of the rest of us .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:19 PM EST
From a motion to dismiss in the GMG v. Robbins , Norris suit .
That suit was a result of the Anderer blow - up in Realm Systems
Pacer should have lots more juicy info , unless the record has been sealed .
GMG CAPITAL INVESTMENTS , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ,
Plaintiff ,
v .
MARK ROBBINS , an individual ; ED DAVIES , an individual ; STEPHEN NORRIS , an individual ; and PENINSULA ADVISORS , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company , Defendants .
Civil No. 2:06 CV
876 TC
7 . In late 2005 in New York , GMG and Norris formed Stephen Norris & Co. Capital Partners , L.P. ( the  Partnership ) .
Since its inception , the Partnership has conducted limited or no business operations , including any co-investment transactions .
Norris Aff. at ¶ 7 .
8 . All discussions and negotiations involving Norris and pertaining to the Partnership occurred in New York , and did not include any relationship with Utah .
Moreover , all documents forming the Partnership were drafted by GMGs counsel either in New York or Pennsylvania .
Norris Aff. at ¶ 8 .
9 . One of GMGs attempts to raise working capital included contacting Robbins and Davies .
In early spring 2006 , Joe Gfoeller from GMG introduced Norris to Robbins in New York .
Norris met with Robbins on one other occasion in New York in spring of 2006 .
The only other meeting between Norris and Robbins relating to GMG occurred in Dubai in spring of 2006 .
The first time Norris met Davies occurred in Dubai at this same meeting .
This was Norriss only meeting with Davies relating to GMG .
Norris Aff. at ¶ 9 .
10 .
In late spring 2006 , Norris met with Robbins in Las Vegas , Nevada to discuss potential business opportunities .
These discussions led to the formation of Peninsula Advisors , LLC ( Peninsula ) , which was organized and later formed under Delaware law .
Norris Aff. at ¶ 10 .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:19 PM EST
No financing company would invest $ 100 million without some form of due diligence .
Once they look into SCO 's lawsuits , they would realize that SCO is being sued for more than the finance company is investing .
As such , the finance company stands to lose everything .
Finance people are notoriously risk adverse .
They will either back out of the deal , or have a scheme to get rid of the lawsuits ( limit liability ) , or both .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : JamesK on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:20 PM EST
Why would anyone put up $ 100 M , when they could buy the entire company for
( currently ) $ 1.64 M ?
---
This space intentionally left blank .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:23 PM EST
OOOppppss , P.J. appears to have gotten too much information from the filings with the SEC ;)
Looks like someone might be wanting to start pulling the research resources out .
Ah well ...
I guess we can start expecting to see even more filings sealed .
RAS [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : complex_number on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:28 PM EST
In all the excitement about the news , the normal etiquette seems to have been
forgotten .
Anyway , you know the rules .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : tiger99 on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:39 PM EST
I trhink that these cases should be more than sufficient to divest the SCOundrels of their $ 100 M in damages .
IANAL , but I think that the Lanham Act damages that ought to be awarded in some of these cases will be much more than that .
It is nice of someone to throw away their money ( or their upstream investors money ? ) , just to keep SCO going until justice is done , and seen to be done .
Always assuming the BK judge allows this , of course .
I do n't know what legal constraints apply , but he must know by now that SCO as a business have no future .
One profitable quarter in their entire existence ....
Now who is going to be first to trace the money on offer here to its true source , and who will that source actually be ?
Could be very interesting !
As always , enquiring minds need to know ..... [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : SpaceLifeForm on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:40 PM EST
All your York are belong to us .
---
You are being MICROattacked , from various angles , in a SOFT manner .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Laomedon on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 01:48 PM EST
What to do when your back is against the wall ( due in court ) , with a gun to your
head ( chapter 7 ) ?
Well , you remember what the purpose of your mission is and
your friends improvise ...
Goal : keep FUD going as long as possible .
Task : revive SCO .
Brilliant move :
Take SCO private with plenty of money coming from some
unexpected , but friendly corner .
Voila , SCO rising from the near dead and no more public SEC filings AND years of
more FUD ( litigation ) .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : SpaceLifeForm on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 02:02 PM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 02:05 PM EST
This is * not* good news .
There are people in this world to whom $ 100 million is chump change .
Anyone
giving this kind of money for SCO is not interested in any kind of commercial
return SCO is capable of ever providing .
SCO has nothing of value in the product
space .
The only thing going on is the anti-Linux FUD campaign and it is clear that this
is the objective .
All these court cases will continue as will a stepped up
campaign of FUD .
That 's my prediction .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Sunny Penguin on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 02:20 PM EST
" Mr. Norris co-founded The Carlyle Group "
The Carlyle group includes the Bin Laden family ( and Bush family )
When the Carlyle group was created in 1995 they were mainly used to funnel money
to Al - Qaeda in Afghanistan . ( to drive out the Russians )
I have heard Prince Al - Waleed bin Talal Al Saud was one of the credit card
holders who " unknowingly " financed the 9 - 11 hijacker 's flight school .
I wonder if Mr. Norris was in charge of watching the prince 's credit cards
during late 2000 and early 2001 ?
SCO keeps astounding me with the dubious quality of their associates .
---
" We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty ! "
- D. Adams [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Jamis on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 02:35 PM EST
Assuming that the organization had a soul to begin with .
I predict that any
product development and support will be offshored .
I predict that most company
employees left will be released .
I predict that what is left of this company
after the law suits are done will be sold off piecemeal .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 03:06 PM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 03:52 PM EST
First I apologize for the off topic .
I am a long time Groklaw reader .
Really
need some help .
I purchased domain tooldog.com in 01/2006 and created a website
tooldog.com in early 2006 selling tools on - line .
The tooldog.com domain was
first created in 2002 , I believe .
On registration date of November 13 , 2007
( Published for Opposition ) August 28 , 2007 , someone registered a US trademark
( Reg # ) of a word mark of " TOOLDOGS.COM TUFF TOOLS FOR RUFF JOBS " and
a drawing mark .
Today , this company sent me an email demanding that I shut down
my website of tooldog.com because his trademark contains the wording of
" TOOLDOGS.COM " and my website " tooldog.com " is too similar
to their trademark .
The two website is very different and our website never has
anything close to the word mark in entirety or anything remotely close to their
mark drawing .
Any ideas whether their claim is valid ?
Why ?
I understand I am not seeking
legal consul here .
Just want your two cents .
I do n't want to give up my domain or website if possible .
I am going to meet
with some trademark attorneys in next few days .
But their rates is US $ 375 / hour .
So , it is not cheap even if legally it is on my side .
Plus , if anyone knows a
good trademark attorneys / firms in Atlanta , GA , USA area , would you please post
the firm name ?
Thanks for your help .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 03:54 PM EST
Would he allow more SCO litigation to be funded to go forward without first
requiring assumption of the liabilities up until that point ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 03:56 PM EST
This is the part that rang the least true :
" We saw a tremendous investment opportunity in SCO and its vast range of
products and services , including many new innovations ready or soon to be ready
to be released into the marketplace , " said Stephen Norris .
Sure , like we believe that .
If SCO owned anything valuable the people who actually make or service real
products would have offered them something for it by now .
I mean , they could
hardly be more distressed than they were recently , so the purchase price for any
of the pieces could hardly have gone any lower .
However , even the bottom
feeders do n't want SCO 's products , services , or innovations .
This deal is not about turning SCO into a profitable business , it is just a
facade for something else .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Tremendous investment in what ?
- Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 06:14 AM
EST
Authored by : SilverWave on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 04:03 PM EST
what more is there to say ...
except ..
follow the * money *
I wonder ..............
---
You do n't need to use an Anti-Virus with Linux as thats mainly a windows thing
:)
But you can if you want to , its your choice .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : designerfx on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 04:15 PM EST
Just to make sure , has anyone checked ties to Microsoft via the " offering
company " either in the form of directly or through subsidiaries ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : ExcludedMiddle on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 04:35 PM EST
Is there any legal way for this group to make this investment and keep the
proceeds protected from Novell and IBM ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : The Simulator on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 05:13 PM EST
Steven Vaughan - Nichols is reporting that Darl may be leaving SCO .
Any truth to that ?
---
---
Simulation engineers do it with models virtually every day !
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 05:26 PM EST
Someone correct me if I 'm wrong , but this is just a proposal to go private .
tSCOg can't actually do it without Judge Gross 's permission , and Judge Gross is n't going to approve it unless the US Trustee gives their thumbs - up .
Moreover , Novell and IBM ( and maybe others ) are going to go over the proposal with a fine - tooth comb and I 'm sure are going to object strenuously if there 's any legal hanky - panky ( both Novell and IBM ( especially IBM ) want the legal issues settled ) .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 05:47 PM EST
This is not an investment in the normal , financial , sense .
It is not an
investment which is expected to make a profit in the normal , financial , sense .
There are gentlemen in the world for whom $ 100 M is chump change .
There are a few
of these gentlemen in the Middle East and there are a few of these gentlemen in
USA ( as well as other places ) .
It is possible for these gentlemen to exchange
favours , or offer gifts , from time to time .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 06:03 PM EST
So they hand off the five million in cash , get the preferred shares , kick
McBride out , wait a year or eighteen months , refile for bankruptcy , declare
little or no assets for the company , wipe out the common shareholders , let the
preferred shareholders keep a stake in whatever comes out after bankruptcy and
* poof * they 've bought the company for five million .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : webster on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 06:16 PM EST
PIPE Fairy Dust is all over this pretense .
It is all so unreasonable and improvident as an investment that we are assuredly looking at an exercise in FUD and retaliation for not settling .
It also may be a bluff designed to extend the litigation and stir up a settlement .
The PIPE Fairy has deep pockets .
[ I have no time .
There is nothing I would rather do right now than expound on this dramatic development .
But V - Day has its demands and I am off to the Chinese carryout . ]
Most disturbed of all about this prospect are poor lawyers at BSF who must continue to shuffle their dueces and pretend this is a case .
Their fees are capped and now in bankruptcy their cut of this deal , if any , of the proposed $ 100 million infusion of cash is up to Judge Gross .
They are back in the line of claimants and creditors on any change of control or investment deal .
How dreadful , they are looking at the prospect of appeal .
There will be exhibits by the truckload .
There 's many a slip ' twixt the cup and the lip .
SCO adds a by - the - way - caveat to this shimmering press release :
We wish to advise readers that a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those anticipated in such forward - looking statements .
These factors include , but are not limited to developments with respect to the negotiation of definitive agreements with SNCP , confirmation of a plan of reorganization , the outcomes and developments in our Chapter 11 case , court rulings in the bankruptcy proceedings , the impact of the bankruptcy proceedings or other pending litigation , developments in our litigation , our cash balances and available cash , continued competitive pressure on the Company 's operating system products , which could impact the Company 's results of operations , adverse developments in and increased or unforeseen legal costs related to the Company 's litigation , the inability to devote sufficient resources to the development and marketing of the Company 's products , including the Me Inc. mobile services and development platform , and the possibility that customers and companies with whom the Company has formed partnerships will decide to terminate or reduce their relationships with the company .
So there is an awful lot that has to happen before this plan takes place .
Not much of it is up to SCO .
They are in the hands of the judges .
The Judges are going to take care of creditors before they are out of chapter 11 .
So between paying creditors and bonds for claims , not much of that money is going to be invested , or paid to shareholders .
The PIPE Fairy may have to dig deeper with little prospect of return .
The MOG article is bravado and propaganda .
It is delivered with a tongue out If for one minute anyone thought this was a SCO project , it is now clear that the PIPE Fairy boosted this from the beginning , with guarantees .
The true evaluation of the SCO situation is their market value .
This also includes an assessment of their legal situation .
The limitless Middle east oil money is either part of a bluff , or someone is in a death struggle .
No expense is too much for survival .
Now who exactly does Linux threaten ?
~webster ~ Tyrants live their delusions .
Beware the PIPE Fairy .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : DaveJakeman on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 06:38 PM
EST
A couple of days ago I got the spooky feeling SCO were going to pull something
really amazing out of the hat .
Things were too quiet and looking too bad for
SCO .
I had no idea it would be this though .
Who'd have thought it ?
Never a
dull moment , eh ?
These guys !
If only they could put this much energy into something positive .
Darl 's had plenty of practice at squandering millions , so it will be interesting
watching him waste it .
---
Monopolistic Ignominious Corporation Requiring Office $ tandard Only For
Themselves [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : chris hill on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 06:57 PM EST
I 'm not sure , but is n't there a law about technology companies and the middle
east , especially with the anti-terrorism bureau ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : tknarr on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 06:58 PM EST
Correct me if I 'm wrong , but this sounds like another iteration of the York deal .
That " up to " $ 100 million is the kicker .
It sounds like this deal 's structure so that SNCP get ownership in SCO and first crack at their assets , while at the same time avoiding paying anything up - front that could go to creditors .
They get to make their " investment " over time , paying as bills come up to avoid SCO ever having a positive cash balance .
If I were a creditor , I 'd object on the grounds that , while this may be a good deal for SCO , it 's not in the interests of the creditors at all .
It leaves them exactly where they are now : unpaid .
The creditors would be better served by liquidating SCO 's assets now , rather than letting SCO exit bankruptcy with their debts unpaid and their assets intact .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 07:06 PM EST
Does this mean SCO will withdraw its bankruptcy filing , and things will be back
where they were before re : the various court cases ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 07:10 PM EST
My WAG ... and rank speculations ;) ;) and parody .
It 's Valentine 's Day and Darl was feeling neglected by his friends in Redmond .
He 's been playing out his hand , as dealt to him , but he could n't stand that $ 44B
was set to go to Yahoo !
and not so much as a bouquet of flowers for him .
Afterall , even Novell got " attention " and a separate payout .
Be sure of this , Darl has cards he's not showing , and he 's been on the phone
today .
I am betting that he only had to convince them that he is holding aces .
We may never see his cards , afterall , Linux left this game of
" hold - em " long ago .
Fortunately for Darl there are other player 's
which could still get drawn back in .
Today 's $ 100 M " investment " says
Darl has at least got their attention .
WHG3 : Sorry , baby .
Here 's some roses and a diamond ring .
You know you 're my only
flame , babe .
Why it may not be just a WAG ...
These _particular_ " businessmen " are notoriously uncreative .
They only
have so many tricks in their bag .
If you can't milk a monopoly , then how can you
make money ?
To me , this bears a striking resemblance to the " 100 M lines of
Unix code embedded deep into Linux . "
Darl could n't convince the Linux
community in 2002 , but it looks like he had better success with his marks today ,
and today 's marks had deeper pockets .
His marks were afraid that Darl might
have some item which was used as leverage .
It certainly could be
" inconvenient " if some fact were to come out at the wrong time during
the $ 44B Yahoo ! acquistion .
Darl in 2002 : " Nice OS you got there .
Shame if something were to happen to
it . "
Darl in 2008 : " Nice acquistion you got there .
Shame if something were to
happen to it . " [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 07:40 PM EST
He might well have mentioned the case to someone .
http://www.microsoft.com/Presspass/exec/billg/speeches/2008/01-27GLFArabia.mspx
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 07:56 PM EST
Suppose this deal goes through .
Further suppose the court rules that SCOX owes Novell $ 50 M .
SCOX uses the
" advance " money to pay Novell and dies .
Does Novell get to keep the money ?
Or , since it was technically
" advance " , do they have to pay it back ?
If the latter is the case ,
then this is nothing more than yet another smoke - and - mirrors deal .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 08:22 PM EST
Even with more money , SCO still has that dagger lodged in
its heart .
MOG must be on some serious drugs if she
thinks SCO can extort much money out of Linux without
owning the Unix copyrights .
I do n't think anyone has much to worry about from SCO
unless they can somehow get themselves legally declared
the Unix copyright holders , which seems utterly
inconceivable at this point .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 08:35 PM EST
This saga is a bigger scam than " wind energy " , and I did n't think that
possible . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : bigbert on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 09:09 PM EST
We all know that the SCOG allegations are groundless .
However , if you want to :
a ) Spread more FUD ( " There just HAS to be something in their claims !
Why
else would these clever businessmen want to INVEST $ 100M ? " )
b) Pump up share prices BEFORE the deal goes through
then announce such a deal .
The deal may even go ahead ; $ 100 M is nothing for a
company that is prepared to spend $ 44B on a website .....
---
--------------------------
Surfo , ergo sum .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 09:51 PM EST
That will just cover Suse 's claim .
Seems like SCO is going to have to come up
with some more moola to satisfy Novell and IBM .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 10:02 PM EST
100 million spent advertising Vista would be money down the drain because the
world is already aware that it is ME2 .
IF XP and Vista is all you have to sell ,
better to spend the money dissuading customers from buying the competition .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 10:03 PM EST
We can't sure until we see the detailed plan in bankruptcy court .
However , I would bet that the deal is structured in such a way that SNCP pays
only about $ 1 million for controlling interest in SCO and then only has to pay
as much as necessary to keep the litigation going on as an needed basis .
The
will probably get the rights to own larger portions of SCO as the put up the
litigation costs .
However , they will not put up any money that does not get to
be spent by SCO .
In that way , they will make sure that there is no money left for Novell , IBM ,
Red Hat , Autozone or anybody else to get any of their investment .
In short , I
bet that SNCP is trying to get all of the upside with only a limited amount of
the down side .
They are not going to still $ 100 million into SCO if Novell or
somebody is going to be able to get their hands on it in court .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : stats_for_all on Thursday , February 14 2008 @ 11:58 PM EST
From the original complaint Utah federal case 2:06 - cv-00876
These excerpts make it seem like Norris and Robbins were scamming the deep pockets of GMG .
Getting GMG to pay their living expenses , while they were setting up a con .
Is Norris actually solvent ?
Note that GMG were in cahoots with Anderer on Realm and IPIQ , so who the con and who the mark is remains murky .
The case was eventually dismissed for lack of federal jurisdiction , since PLA Mock and DFT Robbins were both from Utah. 19 .
In June of 2005 , GMG committed to raising the $ 2 million that Norris and GMG estimated was the necessary seed capital to make thier partnership a success .
Raising such funds for a start - up investment was a substantial task , and GMG spent substantial time and money developing materials with which to market the fund and then marketing it to a number of its contacts .
After much effort , in January of 2006 , delivering on its commitment , GMG used its connections in the Salt Lake City business community to secure the needed financing from an investment group led by Mark Robbins and his father - in law Ed Davies .
Davies is a high net worth individual and investor , while Robbins is an experienced private equity investor , who had solicited his father - in - law 's support in raising the needed funds for Norris ' fund .
20 .
Over the course of almost a year , GMG poured its efforts and substantial resources in pursuing the objectives of its partnership with Norris .
These efforts even included GMG financing and participating in two extensive trips to the Middle East and Europe with Norris in November / December of 2005 ( November 17th to December 2nd ) and April of 2006 .
While GMG 's principals labored in 2005 and the first half of 2006 on Norris ' behalf , though , a shift was occuring behind the scenes : Norris , Davies and Robbins , in the winter of 2006 , began to collude and concoct a scheme to cut GMG out of tlhe deal in order to take the partnership and merge it as a unit of another new investment vechicle , Peninsula .
21 .
By May of 2006 , the scheme to usurp the partnership 's creation was ultimately revealed and Norris , Davies and Robbins concluded it by communicating in writing their intent to exclude GMG from any further participation .
22 Defendants ' machinations , however , were not limited to misappropriating the " co-investing " partnership fund .
Beginning in November 2005 , Robbins and Davies also induced GMG to create an entirely seperate investment - funding vehicle known as Realm Capital , LLC .
23 .
Relying on the representations of Robbins and Davies assuring their participation in the funding , ownership and management of Realm Capital , GMG and its professionals expended significant legal and business resources between November 2005 and May 2006 to develop and substantially complete the set up of Realm Capital , only to have the financing pulled on ita at the last minute ( and , not coincidentalyy , at exactly the same time the " co-investing " partnership deal disintegrated -- early May of 2006 ) ......... 32 . GMG also paid Norris directly or advanced on his behalf over $ 1.4 million to cover his lifestyle and expenses 33
These funds were used to pay , for example , rental payments for apartments in New York City and Florida , reimbursements for Norris ' monthly American Express bills ( typically $ 20,000 or more per month ) , and first - class travel expenses all over the world .
These expenses were necessary so that Norris was perceived as a " player " in the high - stakes , status conscious Investment community of the large private equity and buyout funds and of Norris ' wealthy contacts in the Middle East .
.... 43 . Following the meetings between Norris and Robbins in New York City , Robbins continued to indicate that he and Davies were prepared to fund the seed capital , but also continued to find reasons for delaying the closing .
44 .
During this same period of time , the early part of 2006 , Norris was continuing his efforts to actively recruit prominent individuals to serve on the partnership investment committee , by traveling across the country , overseas , entertaining and accomodating himself lavishily at GMG 's expense .
45 .
Robbins also began repeatedly to make it clear that Davies was actually the final decision maker with respect to funding the partnership and other related important matters .... [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 12:28 AM EST
Guess this was the day for a real sweetheart deal !
Some ppl send flowers ,
others send chocolate .
I guess Bill just sends cash ;) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 12:30 AM EST
I think someone just flipped too many pages on their calendar .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : elronxenu on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 01:32 AM EST
This deal looks like York ++.
I wonder if it will survive scrutiny - York certainly folded the moment scrutiny was applied .
I would hope that it ensures that Novell and SCO 's creditors are all paid out .
It is fundamentally prejudicial to creditors if SCO is allowed to continue to spend money attacking Linux without first paying its creditors full money .
If , after that , the deal still goes ahead ...
I 'm looking forward to the new cashed - up SCO continuing to get creamed in court .
Have IBM and Novell left open the door to claim their legal expenses from this " silliest lawsuit of all time " ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Peter Baker on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 01:32 AM EST
I came across one that made me laugh :
" Yes , the writers strike is over ! "
Shame I can't seem to find where it was , I 'd love to attribute it .
Short and
very much to the point :-) .
---
= P =
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 01:33 AM EST
No more SEC filings , when they go private , I guess ...
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : drh on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 02:01 AM EST
Look on the bright side ...
We all want a legacy we can pass down to our children , and our children's
children .
With this deal to keep the litigation going , we will all be able to pass down
Groklaw to those who come after us !
---
Just another day ... [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 02:13 AM EST
Is this what constitutes " re-structuring a business " ?
a change in ownership driven by a $ 5 M bet , with a $ 500 k termination fee mixed
with stupidly - optmistic expectations of litigation success ?
this constitutes the
changing of business activities to return the company it to a positive liquid
state ?
huh ?
Is there any evidence of restructuring the business in that plan ?
zilch , nothing , zip , nadda , ...
It 's the same business activity with extra emphasis on litigation that 's doomed
to failure .
Surely the Trustee will be asking the obvious question " what about this
change will restore the business to a satisfactory state of liquidity and
likelihood of being able to meet creditor demands ? " which should return the
obvious answer " none at all " .
Charles from Oz. [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : ak on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 02:16 AM EST
PJ wrote :
For us , it 's never been about McBride .
SCO is not simply an abstract entity .
People exist who are responsible for the activities of SCO .
Darl McBride is one of them .
I also doubt that Val Marie Kreidel would agree that it was fun to deal with Ralph Yarro . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 02:35 AM EST
Sorry , but they are simply too obvious .
( OK , the RIAA one did show a little bit
of creativity , but how about some more where that came from ? )
Could this be a setup by one of the other players ?
Microsoft was not the only one to take out a SCOSource license ( or whatever the
heck it was that they SCO paid for ) .
Might the other licensees have had some
reason to get behind this ?
And how about the other side ?
Might n't this be some sort of strange
three - corner shot on the part of the Nazgul or one of the other parties to the
numerous SCO lawsuits ?
C'mon , let 's see some creativity out there !!!
After all , what we fail to
foresee could hurt Linux and FLOSS .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : GriffMG on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 02:42 AM
EST
You can't set up a $ 100 m deal in five minutes , and the legal people will want to
have billed substantially for getting this ' wonderful ' arrangement in place , so
why , why , why did tSCOg want ' extra time ' to put forward a reorganisation plan ?
---
Keep B -) ing [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : bradley13 on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 03:07 AM EST
I recently read a very interesting article ( sorry , no clue where ) that pointed
out that Windows may indeed be doomed .
But in the end it 's not Linux , or Apple ,
or indeed any other competitor that will have done it .
Instead , it 's the paradigm shift that Microsoft missed : as more and more content
runs in the browser , the operating system becomes increasingly irrelevant .
It is
entirely possible that Aunt Minnie 's next computer could have an embedded
operating system with no software beyond the built - in browser .
At that point ,
the operating system can be literally anything , and no one is going to be making
much money on it .
Meanwhile , their other cash cow , Microsoft Office , has n't much life left in it
either - equivalent or better tools are available free on the Internet .
Even
business services are available for not much money .
And after the redesign
disaster that Office - 2007 represents , well ...
Microsoft may indeed be focusing on Linux - if so , it just shows that they
continue to misunderstand , or perhaps they desperately need to pretend ... [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 03:08 AM EST
I do n't know who got all the SCO shares , but there are shares .
Of course most
people will sell the SCO hot potatoes if they get little more then nothing for
it .
But in the end , have n't they have to buy all or nearly all the shares to go
private ?
I do n't think that any investor will fire Darl .
He is involved in it way to
much .
As he was part of the UNIX Deal with Novell .
He is a witness .
You would n't
fire him not before the fat lady has sung .
As al - Walid ibn Talal Al Saud has 5 % of the Apple shares , what 's the connection
between Apple , SCO , Linux and Microsoft ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 04:18 AM EST
" The Old Rich Boy 's Club ... Game " of taking a company private .
Who pays ?
The USA 's middle class taxpayers .
Private investment companies , organized as hedge funds or private equity firms , have recently grown into major economic forces in the U.S. economy .
They mobilize capital , and often leverage it with borrowed funds , in order to accumulate a tremendous amount of assets under their management .
These investments include leveraged buyouts ; market - neutral investment strategies in publicly traded stocks and bonds , energy , and other commodities ; various arbitrage strategies ; as well as many lesser known and some entirely unreported transactions .
Hedge funds are big players in the large corporate take - over activity that reached $ 3.6 trillion in 2006 ¸ and they are also responsible for a significant share of trading volume on the major stock exchanges and in some over - the - counter derivatives markets .
These private pools of capital are unregulated , or exempt from Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regulation , under both the Investment Advisors Act and the Investment Company Act .
While these exemptions were once justified on the grounds that such investment firms were small , closely held , and did not raise their capital in public capital markets , the exemptions are no longer consistent with todays reality .
Today these firms are huge , have a wide number and range of investors , and the Internet has blurred the distinction between public and private marketing .
In addition to being unregulated , these financial institutions also reap substantial benefits from special tax provisions that , like the regulatory framework , are no longer appropriate .
The professional fund managers of these hedge funds and private equity firms are allowed to treat a substantial portion of their compensation as capital gains , meaning they are most likely taxed at 15 % rather than the 35 % rate that applies to ordinary income such as wages and salary .
Such an exemption , however , makes little sense : in economic terms , the fund managers ( also known as investment advisors ) perform a professional service , much like lawyers or doctors , and receive remuneration for their labor .
$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $< / a > [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 05:19 AM EST
Nobody bets $ 100 M if the possibility exists that it will immediately have to be
paid to someone else for no gain : you put a one - way valve in place .
There 's no
chance I can see that this capital is going to be available to IBM and Novell .
The investors will structure an agreement , such that they control the purse
strings and can shut off any flow if it is diverted out of the company .
That means that the agreement is n't as unremittingly positive for SCO as the
press release paints it .
And it also means that the judge may decide that it's
not in the interests of the SCO creditors .
JeffV
[ Reply to This | # ]
SEC - Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 05:27 AM EST SEC - Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 06:12 AM EST SEC - Authored by : John Hasler on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 01:32 PM EST
- Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 05:27 AM EST
Authored by : Ian Al on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 06:19 AM EST
I agree with all of you .
Even if this is Bill Gate 's parting gift to Microsoft
it makes no sense .
However , I wonder if the following is a possibility .
If the reorganisation is
accepted before the Novell case is held then SCOG will leave Chapter 11 and all
the court cases will be unstayed .
Most of the cases spell insolvancy for SCOG
and Chapter 7 bankruptcy .
Notice that time is of the essence for the investors .
Here are the top five creditors ( IBM and Novell are listed as being owed less
than $ 5 k ) ,
AMICI LLC Phone : ( 518 ) 434-6543 Trade Debt $ 500,650.73
80 State Street
BOIES SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP , $ 287,256.39
The Canopy Group , $ 139,895.00
GRE MOUNTAIN HEIGHTS PROPERTY , $ 132,502.00
MICROSOFT LICENSING , INC . , $ 125,575.00
SUN MICRO SYSTEMS INC . , $ 50,000.00
Let 's say that part of the $ 5 M is spent paying off all the creditors .
That , at
least , keeps the lawyers sweet .
Judge Gross is assured that the potential
creditors are protected by the $ 100 M loan facility .
He sees no reason not to
agree the reorganisation since all of the creditor interests are now covered .
Now lets say that SCOG , as a privately held company , ceases trading and closes
down .
They refund the balance on the remaining support and licence terms , again
out of the $ 5 M .
All the law suits close as SCOG the plaintif / defendant no longer exists .
The
only recourse of IBM and Novell for their counterclaims , Suse for the
arbitration and Red Hat as plaintif would be to sue the former officers of SCOG .
None of the FUD goes away .
Microsoft still have their friend Novell owning the
copyright and SVRx contracts that are the basis of the FUD .
As with the patent
deal , Novell protestations will still be matched by Microsoft
misrepresentation .
There is a good chance that a good proportion of the $ 5 M would still be left for
the priority shareholder to take back .
As a gesture of good faith they might
even hand a golden reward to the other loyal majority shareholders ; what was his
name ?
Yarro ?
Oh , and a golden parachute for loyal senior managers that helped
put the deal together .
Why not ?
Nobody would see .
It 's a private company .
So , the extortionist , scamster , proxy fuddies get a soft landing and bucks in
the bank from their sponsor , the FUD goes on and the final cost is a couple of
million dollars .
Sounds like a sweet payoff to me .
---
Regards
Ian Al
When nothing else makes sense , use Linux . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 06:57 AM EST
... is never take an SCO produced document or court filing as gospel .
Moreover
do n't even give a lot of credence to it - wish to say ' take it with a grain of
salt '
Have patience and allow truth to surface .
This is not to imply that there may not be some seeds or elements of truth in
what we read , but discrimination is in order .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : sylvester on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 07:28 AM EST
From 346 exhibit A , the MOU : " The Debtor and SNCP acknowledge and agree that a purpose and intended effect of the Proposed Plan of Reorganization is to maximize the Debtor 's litigation recovery under the Pending Litigation . " [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : emacsuser on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 08:00 AM EST
" SNCP has developed a business plan for SCO .. will also enable the company
to see SCO 's legal claims through to their full conclusion "
PJ , help , I 'm confused here , what I would like to know is :
01 .
What is the current state of play in the SCO litigation ?
I thought they
lost ?
02 . Are n't Novell and others making counterclaims against SCO and is n't SCO
declared bankrupt .
If so do n't these third parties have claims on these new
funds .
03 .
Is it legal to finance a bankrupt company to further more bogus litigation
claims . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : ruurd on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 09:32 AM EST
Uhm , who thinks that LIBOR + 1700 points is a reasonable
interest ?
I mean , come on , at the current LIBOR , that is
21 % interest ?
And they start out with 5 million dollars
meaning they will have to pay a cool million dollars a year
for interest only over this bit only .
I think that this is a long shot .
Either the investor is
making a lot of money ( in case SCO wins their lawsuits ) or
he runs the company in the ground quite thoroughly .
---
ruurd [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : lordshipmayhem on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 09:40 AM EST
Might I suggest the first court case the buyers appeal be the German one ?
You
remember , the one where they were supposed to detail exactly HOW Linux infringed
on their " precioussss " Intellectual Property ?
The one that resulted
in them being estopped from making such a claim again in the land of
lederhosen ?
Good luck with that , witless ones .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 09:51 AM EST
I would have hoped that funding another party 's lawsuit like this would be
illegal , and remembered such issues were discussed in the early days of
groklaw .
So a little bit of searching revealed that the term I was thinking of is
champerty .
It used to be illegal under common law , but apparently it 's legal
now .
Pity .
Still , is there any legal recourse you can ( effectively ) take against someone
like this ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 10:36 AM EST
Authored by : dromasco on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 10:36 AM EST
It 's refreshing to see Maureen 's sense of humour is as insightful ( or should I
say ' inciteful ' ) as ever ; her description of McBride as " hes too much of
lightening rod " is spot on ( if you consider how well he 's ' lightened ' SCO's
coffers ) .
Replenishing those funds at some 21 % per annum is exactly the sort of
forward - looking management style that we have come to expect .
I note that the
stock has skyrocketed to USD $.11 per share as I write this , an 83 % rise in mere
days !
Should they borrow more , I 'm quite sure their value will increase
commensurately ........ [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 11:43 AM EST
Maybe there is a God , after all .
What 's that sound I hear ?
It 's wailing and
gnashing of teeth .
Finally IBM faces an opponent with deep pockets that is able
to fight back .
Hey , somebody forgot to tell the Writers Guild of America that intellectual
property is supposed to be free .
Guess they never read " The Cathedral and
the Bazaar " .
Think about it : script writers get paid royalties by the biggest sharks in the
corporate tank , whereas Linux developers give it up for free .
The Grocklaw
groupies regularly get put on the casting couch by IBM -- used to generate free
publicity and to collect intelligence on SCO - - do n't even get cab fare out of it ,
and are vain enough and to feel flattered by the attention .
No " Uncle Tom " ever felt as happy about being exploited as the
self - appointed leaders of the " Linux community " .
Everybody makes
money from Linux except the developers who do the work .
But UNIX was developed
by paid professionals and was never free .
Let 's face it : Linux is just imitation UNIX - - a less mature , less capable copy ,
and one that abandonded standards .
The real creative genius belongs to Dennis
Ritchie , Ken Thompson , et. al. Linus Torvalds was just an incompetent imitator
who could n't even be bothered to conform to the System V user interface
standard .
The Linux Emperor has no clothes !
Linux destroyed established UNIX standards and allowed Microsoft to enter server
and government markets where they were previously excluded .
It undercut the
price on UNIX system software and put most of those companies out of business .
SCO was the last UNIX - on - PC company left standing .
SCO were jerks , but they happen to be in the right .
IBM welched on its deal
with SCO to develop a 64 - bit UnixWare ( SCO and its OEMs were told to resell AIX
5L instead ! ) .
That 's a fact .
IBM 's NUMA - Q subsidiary took source code from
UnixWare and put it in its BSD - based Dynix OS ; the next step was to move it to
Linux .
They were in a big hurry and there was no IP cleanroom and it was
" just get the job done " .
IBM
figured it could do anything it wanted , and with some help from Novell 's tame
judge , use it 's captive media and legal clout to bully its way out .
( When IBM
set up this site , they must have been delighted to discover so many patsies
willing run flack for them . )
Well , looks like they 've finally come up against somebody who can fight back .
It 's about time .
Now justice might just get done .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 12:09 PM EST
The SCO Group ( TSG ) gets bought and the holding company decides that things are
just not working out .
Can the holding company just write off it's
" investment " and TSG just stops existing ?
No more company , no more
lawsuits ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 12:24 PM
EST
As of the time of the filing of the 13g , this part of the statment kind of stuck
out :
Common Stock , $ .001 par value per share ( the " Shares " ) .
According to the SCOX .
PK quote on Yahoo , it now shows between nine and eleven
cents .
The par value is a tenth of that .
Are we saying the stock is
over - priced by a factor of ten even now ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 12:53 PM EST
As tempting as it is to see this as someone wanting to prop SCO up for the
anti-Linux FUD value , I can't quite see that working .
It 's been a while since
I 've seen anything that resembles effective FUD come out of SCO .
That is to
say , SCO emits the FUD , but it does n't seem to go anywhere .
It only gets
repeated in places like sys-con , which nobody pays any attention to .
The
mainstream media , inattentive though they are , has been reporting that SCO is
getting thrashed in the court cases , with the implication that their claims have
no merit .
So those who want anti-Linux FUD must see that SCO has no further
value in that department , indeed that reprts of SCO 's failure generate more
confidence in Linux .
They would probably if anything like to see SCO go quietly
into chapter 7 and disappear from the news , then go find some other avenue of
attack .
Unfortunately , I have no other theory to offer .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 01:20 PM EST
SCO 's success in reorganizing may well lead to others
trying to follw in their footsteps .
I can just see the emails now ..............
" Hello Sir , Or Madame ,
My name Hector G Bootie , my home Lagos Nigeria , I am writing you today because
my company 419 IP Inc
is currently in bankruptcy , but my company sue Big American Company many
dollars , all I need is small investment
from person of vision to reorganiz and continue sue BAC , if give me money now ,
we all make BIG money later .
Sincerley
Hector Gotalatta Bootie
President 419 IP Inc "
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Yossarian on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 01:42 PM
EST
So what is the game plan ?
I can see two possibilities :
1 ) Somebody believes that this turkey will lay golden eggs .
Two reasons why I do n't believe it :
a) Novell has a solid case .
And without the copyrights for
UNIX you can't blackmail Linux .
b ) Why take SCO out of Chapter 11 ?
Changing status costs money
and makes the appeal process more expensive .
No reduced bond .
2 ) Somebody needs to hide something , desperately .
The reason I believe this one is that publicly traded
companies need to follow many SEC rules .
" Creative "
accounting can send the management team to jail .
In addition , a bankruptcy court acts , de facto , as the board .
Whatever is said in court is public knowledge , and lying to
the court can send you to jail for perjury .
Taking SCO private , and out of bankruptcy , gives management
the ability to destroy evidence in the books without
facing criminal charges .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 02:23 PM
EST
If SCO comes out of bankruptcy , there is nothing to prevent Judge Kimball from imposing a constructive Trust , right ?
With the constructive trust in place , SCO either goes back in to BK , or the shadow investors have to fill up the trust putting their money at genuine risk right ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 02:45 PM
EST
Groklaw is people !!!
Is MOG so dim as to never ever get that ?
/ bowhead
/ shakehead [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 03:49 PM EST
Microsoft reportedly took this technique to an even higher level around the same time when it tried to buy Intuit , which at that point was primarily known for its Quicken home finance application .
Microsoft wooed Intuit and won the company in 1994 with a $ 1.5 billion all - stock offer .
Another reported incentive to Intuit was Microsoft 's threat to throw $ 1 billion into development of competing products if Intuit did n't sell out .
Already in antitrust trouble with the Department of Justice , Microsoft eventually dropped the offer , paying Intuit a $ 46.25 million termination fee .
But according to at least one Intuit techie who jumped to Microsoft shortly thereafter , the primary purpose of Microsoft 's bid was actually to get information on Intuit 's programmers , NOT to buy the company .
Unlike Borland , where Microsoft paid a PR penalty ( and later scored a lawsuit ) for sending limos to the parking lot and interviewing anybody who would get in , by entering a formal due diligence period with Intuit , Microsoft got access to many details , including Intuits product plans and employee records .
By the time they bailed on the deal , Microsoft had a very good idea exactly which Intuit employees to recruit to both improve Microsoft Money and to hurt Quicken , QuickBooks , and TurboTax .
It is a testament to Intuit that the company survived .
CLIC KY [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : kh on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 04:44 PM
EST
It does n't have any way of generating money , which is what companies do is n't
it ?
Going private would surely also affect the stock holders would n't it ?
That
would make them interested parties .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : GriffMG on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 04:47 PM
EST
Let me see , we have a ' buyer ' willing to cough up $ 5 m to buy what is left of
tSCOg and offers an extremely competitive 21 % interest loan of up to $ 95 m as
well - with a few strings applied .
Now that 's might look a bit better than the York deal , but is it actually that
good ?
Is it contingent on getting out of Chp 11 BEFORE the Utah thing is
settled ?
Is it ?
I can't tell
---
Keep B -) ing [ Reply to This | # ]
Hmmm ... - Authored by : GriffMG on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 04:52 PM
EST
Authored by : GriffMG on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 05:19 PM EST
How many wagers where you can bet ( about ) $ 10 m against a $ 5 billion pay day are
available to you ?
Even if the odds are pretty remote , and the court has decided against you ?
---
Keep B -) ing [ Reply to This | # ]
If you are a multibillionaire ... - Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , February 16 2008 @ 01:34 PM
EST
Authored by : Eeyore on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 05:33 PM EST
E - week has an interesting story on this ....
What`s Behind the SCO Buyout - " primary purpose and intended results of the Plan , and the financing commitments provided under the MOU ( Memorandum of Understanding ) is to encourage and promote an early and favorable resolution of the Novell / ( IB ) M Litigation .
Notwithstanding the August 2007 interim ruling by the Utah District Court in the Novell Litigation , SCO believes it has an excellent chance to prevail in the Novell / IBM Litigation , including potential for an award of substantial damages in its favor should SCO prevail . "
E - week is also linking to a couple of stories on this from Linux Watch .
SCO goes private , gets $ 100 M to keep going - " Not only will this deal position us to emerge from Chapter 11 , but it also marks an exciting future for our business . "
SCO CEO Darl McBride is on his way out [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 05:44 PM
EST
So , regardless of which troll is financing this saga , after SCO gets the verdict
of how much it owes Novell , it will appeal and get out of chapter 11 .
What
happens then ?
Will IBM be able to move on with the final kill despite an appeal in the Novell
case or will it be on hold ?
I 'd like to see IBM put the final nail in the SCO coffin ASAP !
But I 'm afraid the legal system will allow SCO to continue at snails speed
because the chair - throwing troll behind SCO wants this to go on as long as
possible .
Happy Ubuntu user [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 06:29 PM EST
... maybe .
It would require somebody else to invest in SCO after SNCP did , and SNCP bleeds
off that money by the high interest loan .
But who ( else ) would be dumb enough to invest in SCO ?
Well , there are two
possibilities .
One is that SCO gets somebody who actually believes in them .
This is n't impossible - say that SCO appeals the Novell decision and the appeals
court finds something in Kimball 's decision that they do n't think is adequate .
So they send it back to Kimball for him to correct that point and re-roll the
case from there .
Well , that does n't necessarily mean that SCO won anything .
It
might just mean that Novell has to work harder to finish them off .
But you
could see someone who does n't follow the case closely thinking that SCO is going
to win and make a lot of money .
The other option is that the new investor does n't think SCO is going to win .
They are just gambling that they can find someone else - a third investor - to
make the second investor 's investment pay off .
This is kind of like the
" greater fool " theory of real estate investing .
It actually works -
until the music stops .
Then someone loses their shirt .
Someone is going to lose their shirt here , too .
But it might not be SNCP .
They
could come out OK , if they can find another sucker .
MSS2 [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 06:30 PM EST
LIBOR is one of the standard bases for Mortgage rates and basis points are absolute percentages .
Each basis point is 1/100 of one percent .
An interest rate of 5 % plus 100 basis points is 6 % ( See Wikipeia ) .
The current LIBOR rate is between 3 % and 5.36 % ( See Bloomberg ) .
so the MOU lending rate is between 17 % and 19.36 % . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : JamesK on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 06:34 PM EST
I seem to recall someone mention that if SCO wants to appeal , they have to post
a bond to cover what they have to pay .
How does this fit in with this new
" deal " ?
---
This space intentionally left blank .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : GLJason on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 07:50 PM EST
SCO gets $ 5 million cash to pay off current creditors and keep alive with their current expenses for a while .
They also get $ 95 million to pay to Novell and IBM when they trounce SCO in the courtroom .
If they wish to appeal the upcoming judgements against them , they will have to borrow that money at 17 % interest ( not a bad rate considering the risk assumed by the creditor ) from this investor .
Novell and IBM ( then RedHat and Autozone ) will actually get some money back for their troubles and other companies will think twice about doing what SCO did .
The company that is investing will be out $ 100 million .
The company will become the primary creditor of SCO and SCO will then file for chapter 7 I 'm sure .
Even if this company does get whatever " IP rights " SCO has , I would think they would be shy about rehashing the same lawsuits that had already cost them $ 100 million .
If they are n't shy , then future targets of lawsuits can just point to the Novell , IBM , RedHat and Autozone decisions in their request for dismissal with prejudice .
Granted , I have n't seen the papers yet .
However I see no downside to this deal with what I know unless someone is worried about SCO winning on appeal and hoped they would go out of business before that .
I for one am happy that IBM and Novell will finally be getting their days in court after five years and that they will get some money to pay for the lawyers that have done such an excellent job .
In fact , if this would bring them out of bankruptcy then there would be no constructive trust issue to bring back to the bankruptcy court , Judge Kimball could decide the Novell case in its entirety .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : elhaard on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 08:46 PM EST
There have been a lot of comments about how huge an amount this is just for
prolonging the FUD .
But it 's nothing compared to the fines that Microsoft gladly paid to EU instead
of revealing documentation for interoperability .
$ 100 M is , what , less than two months worth of EU fines ?
And it is certainly nothing compared to the overall MSOOXML bribes .
---
This comment is licensed under a Creative Commons License ( Attribution 2.0 ) .
Share & enjoy ! [ Reply to This | # ]
Nothing compared to EU fines - Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 11:38 PM EST
Authored by : billposer on Friday , February 15 2008 @ 11:50 PM EST
Does anybody remember Darl 's letter to Congress on how Linux is a national
security risk ?
I wonder how the sale of SCO and its putative interest in Linux
to someone with disturbing connections to Islamic terrorism will go over ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Stevieboy on Saturday , February 16 2008 @ 07:43 AM
EST
" Never give a sucker an even break "
To Steve Norris and Partners -
They saw you coming , dudes .
By the way Steve , are you any relation to the Steve Norris , one time Tory MP and
candidate for Mayor of London and who openly had 4 mistresses ( he married the
last one ) ?
I quite liked him and , if you are related , I wish you well but
advise you to drop this hot potato forthwith ! [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , February 16 2008 @ 11:48 AM EST
As I understand it , this deal is contingent on Darl 's retirement as CEO .
But if Darl leaves before SCO exits bankruptcy , then does n't the bankruptcy court have to approve Darl 's ( substantial ) retirement benefits ?
Which seems unlikely for a company in bankruptcy .
But if he tries to stay until SCO exits bankruptcy , the deal does n't go though .
Catch 22 .
Or am I overanalyzing this ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
A clarification - Authored by : DaveJakeman on Saturday , February 16 2008 @ 04:47 PM
EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , February 17 2008 @ 04:51 PM EST
Let 's have a look at it in a different way :
SCO took a bad turn before judge Kimball and run into Chapter 11 to save the
money ( and the IP ) with some tricks .
In Chapter 11 they failed , it went back to Kimball .
No they tried to sell the IP
three ( ? ) times without success .
It 's still there at SCO and Kimball on schedule .
What do to ?
How can you save the IP ( FUD ) ?
Get out of Chapter 11 , which became a dead end , and try to get private .
As a
private company you can sell anything you like whenever you like to whomever you
like without a notice to anyone .
Is that the next plan , the definite catch 22 ?
That brings me back to the question :
How do you technically turn such a complex
shareholder company into a private company .
If you have 51 % you might do many
things , but you can't bleed out the company without the thread of being sued .
Have n't they said that they would like to go out of chapter 11 and turn it
private thereafter ?
Going private is n't related with chapter 11 .
Is n't time another precious good that keeps running through their fingers ?
If
Kimball rules high enough , is n't it to late ?
If SCO owes Novell more as it's
worth + 5 million US -$ , is n't SCO bankrupt ?
A credit over 95 million US -$
does n't solve the debt .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : mobrien_12 on Sunday , February 17 2008 @ 05:13 PM EST
Maureen O'Gara : " SCO going private will give the Groklaw crowd one thing
its always wanted  SCO CEO Darl McBride out . "
No , I think we truly would like to see him investigated by the SEC so that we
could see if he should be " IN " for a long time .
As " in prison . "
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : hamstring on Monday , February 18 2008 @ 10:00 AM EST
[ above : put this back in your next mass - mailed business reply envelope ! ]
If the comments on this article are any indicator , Shopdropping is controversial to say the least .
Still , whether they amuse , inspire or disturb you , it is hard to argue with the sheer gumption and creativity behind these strange , subversive and interactive urban art projects .
Free Words is a book at the heart of a creative shopdropping art project .
Over 2,500 copies of the book ( clearly labeled as free ) have been distributed in bookstores and libraries around the world just waiting to be picked up .
And the content ?
Free Words contains 13,000 meticulously compiled words that are free to use and in the public domain .
The Droplift Project came about as an attempt to subvert , undermine or circumvent the mainstream exclusive music industry .
They create their own CDs from found sounds and sprinkle them “ among the established pop hits and top 40 products ” to be bought by unsuspecting customers .
Who profits ?
Well , the buyer is exposed to new music and ideas , the seller gets to profit and the composer leaps into the living rooms of new listeners .
Is it illegal ?
“ Depends on who you ask .
We know we are protected by the First Amendment and the Fair Use clause of the Copyright Act . ”
Zoe Saldana has put a great deal of effort into an art project that the future owners of will never appreciate .
Wait , how does that work ?
Well , she buys items from Walmart and carefully replicates them by hand down to the pattern , fabric and embellishments .
She then swaps her handmade creations for the one she purchased , adds the original tags and ‘ returns ’ them to Walmart for future sale .
Above on the left are images of the originals , and the photographs on the right show the returned duplicates .
The Barbie Liberation Project is a droplifting project that dates back to the doll - and - action - figure boom of the 1980s .
“ Taking advantage of similarities in the voice hardware of Teen Talk Barbie and the Talking Duke G.I.
Joe doll , er , ‘ action figure , ’ they absconded with several hundred of each and performed a stereotype - change operation on the lot ” before returning them to the shelves .
The result ?
G.I. Joes planning dream weddings and Barbies yelling war cries .
Packard Jennings and his cohorts have arguably done more creative shopdropping projects than virtually any of their contemporaries .
He puts his political and economic views on the line through interactive subvertising and encourages others to do the same , allowing people to print out and participate in spreading his ideas if they so choose .
The phrase honest politician has become an oxymoron .
We should not be impressed by the prospect of having the first woman , first black or first Latino president .
What would be far more radical would be to have the first honest president , if not ever , certainly in a very long time .
Presidents in recent memory have been excellent liars , contributing mightily to our culture of dishonesty .
Bill Clinton had the audacity to look right into the TV camera and blatantly lie to the American public .
George W. Bush has probably set a record for official lying , though it might take many decades to fully document them .
Carl M. Cannon saw the bigger truth : “ posterity will judge [ George W. Bush ] not so much by whether he told the truth but whether he recognized what the truth actually was . ”
Things have gotten so bad that hardly anyone can even imagine an honest president .
But if we do n’t expect an honest president , how can we expect to trust government ?
Don Nash made these insightful observations , “ If America was ever faced with a politician who spoke truth to the people , no - one would know what to make of the oddity .
This politician could probably not get elected to office .
Sadly , Americans can’t handle the truth .
… Lies , then , are the consequential destruction of American democracy .
Little by very little , the lies and lying politicians have chipped away at America ’s Constitution and the American form of government . ”
Rampant lying by politicians is a major reason why so many Americans have stopped paying attention to politics , stopped hoping for political reforms , and stopped voting
Lying politicians probably tell themselves that the public cannot take the truth .
Many convince themselves ( lie to themselves ) that lies of omission are not really serious like lies of commission .
Just how bad things have become is shown by the recent decision by the Supreme Court of the state of Washington that lying politicians are protected by the 1st Amendment .
They are free to lie as much as they can get away with .
Free speech apparently is a green light for lying , even though it leads to rotten , dishonest government .
During this primary season it is worthwhile to look at Republican and Democratic candidates from this honest - president perspective .
A truly honest president would have the greatest loyalty to honoring the rule of law , the Constitution and the needs of the public , rather than what we have grown used to : greatest loyalty to their party and the moneyed interests funding it .
If the nation really wants a change president , honesty should be a requirement .
On the Republican side , Ron Paul looks like the most honest candidate .
Straight - talk John McCain still seems to have better than average honesty , and Mike Huckabee seems relatively honest , except when he talks about his record on taxes as governor .
On the Democratic side , Dennis Kucinich and Mike Gravel look the most honest , with Bill Richardson running close .
Among third party presidential candidates in recent history , Ralph Nader and Pat Buchanan stand out for their honesty , which clearly was not sufficient to prevail against liars .
Rudy Giuliani , Fred Thompson and Mitt Romney are pretty comparable big - time , gold - medal Republican liars .
And with Romney we might get the first Mormon president , but not an honest one .
If Hillary Clinton wins the nomination , then the most dishonest Democratic candidate will have prevailed .
A Wall Street Journal / NBC
News poll found that only 34 percent of Americans view Senator Clinton as honest .
As to Barack Obama , viewed as 50 percent more honest than Clinton in some polls , his statements about his upbringing , universal health care , and campaign funding cast doubt on his honesty .
Still , he seems successful in selling himself as honest .
Liars are bad , but liars claiming to be honest are worse .
Odds are that there will be no honest Republican or Democratic presidential candidate to vote for in 2008 .
An honest president would threaten the corrupt , dishonest and rigged two - party political system , so one getting a presidential nomination is improbable .
How could an honest person obtain financing for their campaign ?
How could they get diverse groups to support their candidacy ?
Candidates tell different groups what pleases them , and eventually contradict themselves .
Flip - flopping sounds bad , but is even worse when the new position is a lie .
Some may suggest that a candidate does not have to be honest during campaigning , but only be honest once elected president .
But can someone with real character find it easy to lie repeatedly during campaigning and then have the ability to stop lying once elected ?
I think not .
Besides , how can citizens detect the potential honest president if that person is behaving like all normal lying candidates during campaigns ?
A truly honest person must stand out and be seen as exceptional by the public because of their habitual honesty .
Much of the appeal of Ron Paul and Dennis Kucinich is their perceived honesty .
But the candidates most likely to succeed attract supporters for their policy positions , promises or ability to win , despite not being seen as honest .
That makes their supporters delusional .
They lie to themselves to justify their support .
This means that most people reject choosing a candidate on the basis of their perceived honesty .
They knowingly choose dishonest politicians .
Why ?
Lies entertain .
Honesty disturbs .
Honesty produces painful truths about the nation , government , and failed public policies .
Truth - telling politicians usually say things that people would rather not hear and or think about .
Meanwhile the mainstream media and pundits , promoting confrontation and horse races to entertain and keep their audiences , are reluctant to call lying politicians liars .
Instead , they use oblique language and euphemisms to conceal the truth about lying .
They are as dishonest as the politicians they talk about .
How interesting it would be to have media people ask candidates something like :
Are you being the most honest person you can be in this campaign ?
I do n’t think the majority of dishonest ones would not say “ yes . ”
Instead , they would dance and blabber .
Tragically , Americans have become used to lying politicians .
Can our democracy survive when most people believe that an honest president is both impossible and unnecessary ?
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Regent Law , the Christian law school founded by Pat Robertson , is moving forward with disciplinary action against student Adam Key ( left , showing off his “ Due Process ” tattoo ) .
Key ran afoul of school authorities after posting on his Facebook page a video of Robertson scratching his forehead with his middle finger .
Regent has banned Key from campus and is forcing him to undergo a psychiatric exam by a doctor of the school ’s choosing .
The whole episode reflects the Religious Right ’s utter lack of a sense of humor .
Key talked to Above the Law blogger David Lat yesterday about his recent suspension and his background ( which includes a stint as a pro wrestler ) .
Here ’s what Key had to say about Robertson and his pending psych exam :
“ I will undergo this psychiatric exam after Regent forces Pat Robertson to undergo one .
Truly , what ’s crazier … disagreeing with the administration , or hearing voices that tell you about hurricanes that do n’t happen , and the impending apocalypse ? ”
Clearly they ’re never going to let this kid loose on campus again …
DUB City
According to the Oakland , CA police , carjackings in Raider Nation occur at the rate of about one per day .
While we do n't follow the news out of Oaktown on a regular basis , we 're fairly certain most carjackings do n't make the daily paper .
So why then has the LA Times covered a carjacking in Oakland ?
Well , it seems that the victim was a state senator who police believe was targeted because of his car 's flashy rims .
Don Perata ( D - Oakland ) was driving his Senate - owned 2006 Dodge Charger shod with 22 - inch chrome wheels and a Candy Apple Red paint job when he was startled by a man knocking on his window ... with a gun .
The jacker instructed him to get out of the car , so out went the pol , in went the perp , and " poof " went the blinged Charger as it sped off with an accomplice giving chase in a 2000 Camaro ( also stolen , wheel status unknown ) .
Perata was shaken up but otherwise fine , recovering enough to go into eye - rollingly opportunistic politician mode , noting that the brandishing of a firearm by the carjacker served to only further solidify his pro gun control stance .
The best line in the article comes in a quote from a police officer who , after hearing the Charger 's description , responded , " We 're talking about the suspect 's car or the senator 's car ? "
Even at 62 , Senator Perata appears to have been keeping it real , so to speak .
The car 's been found with the rims still on it .
Thanks for the tip , Dave ! [ Source : Los Angeles Times ]
Cat Urine Smell and Pet Urine Removal
Cat Urine Smell and Pet Urine Removal
Cat Urine Smell and Pet Urine Removal -
If we have indoor pets sometimes they will potty inside regardless of how often we clean their sandboxes or let them outside .
Cat urine smell is the most difficult to get rid of , lasting weeks and sometimes months if not properly cleaned up .
Dog urine is almost as bad , simply because the amount is usually far more than a cat can produce , but it usually does not have the instant recognition that cat urine does .
This website is dedicated to all of the loving and caring " parents " and caretakers of our little friends and is specifically set up to explore the best way , among all those presented on the web and other places , to allow us both to live in harmony .
At last count , I had leads to over 50 different products to help with the smell and stains caused by cats and dogs ( although there are very few " dog specific " products ! ) when they mess inside .
It is my intent to examine each of these products as time goes on and report back to you which are actually worth the money and time you spend in using them .
Of course , every product says it is " the best " and instantly transforms the area into a virtual garden of delight as soon as you use it , but to be perfectly honest ( which I intend to do throughout this site ) I think some of them might possibly be " over - hyped " .
That 's what this site is all about .
I will also be trying out the home remedies put forth by some people to see if indeed they do the job as well as ones you have to pay for .
Finally , I plan to also find out what I can and post here info on reasons why pets mess indoors in the first place and how to get them to stop .
I know there are other places on the internet where parts of this information may be available , but this is going to be the most comprehensive and up - to - date site on the net .
I should probably mention here that I also do part - time work as a handyman , mostly for personal friends and clients I 've had for many years .
One of the jobs that I do is help people with their rental properties , either fixing what needs to be fixed or helping clean up and repair their places between renters .
It is amazing how many people who rent have so little appreciation for their places that they allow their pets to mess inside without , it seems , any attempt to clean it up .
This is not an argument against renters or even renters with pets , but a plea for those people who do rent where they live and who do have pets to please take care of any mess their pets make .
I have heard so many owners of rental properties say that they will never rent to someone who has any pets again , that I would hate to get to the point where no - one who does rent could have a pet .
The little guys bring so much to our lives and families and really ask for so little in return .
Recommended Product of the Week
( CNN ) -- Fishermen in Bangladesh beat a rare river dolphin to death because they had not seen " this kind of creature before , " according to local news accounts .
The fishermen then tried to sell the body of the Ganges River dolphin as a rare fish .
When they failed , the men gave up and dumped it outside a museum -- where a large crowd tried to catch a peek , the national Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha news organization reported Tuesday .
Elisabeth Fahrni Mansur , who works with the Bangladesh Cetacean Diversity Project , told CNN that the mammal was trapped in the low waters of a tidal channel .
" It was n't dumped in front of a museum , " Mansur added .
" The animal was taken to a visitor center where it will be prepared for an exhibit . "
The Ganges River dolphin inhabits the murky waters of the Ganges River and can be spotted only when it surfaces to breathe .
Thus , they are very rarely seen , according to the World Wildlife Fund Web site .
Unlike its marine counterpart , these fresh - water dolphins have a pudgy body and an extra-long and sharp - toothed snout .
They are almost completely blind probably because of the poor visibility of the waters in the Ganges River , the WWF said .
Do n't Miss Crocodile becomes a golfing hazard
Crocodile becomes a golfing hazard California salmon faces ' collapse '
California salmon faces ' collapse '
Mysterious reptile deaths puzzle scientists
Mysterious reptile deaths puzzle scientists Man charged for ' walking ' python
The World Conservation Union places the total population of the dolphins at 4,000 to 5,000 .
It classifies the Ganges River dolphin as an endangered species .
The air - breathing mammals sometimes die after they find themselves stranded in shallow waters , Mansur said .
The construction of dams has reduced the flow of fresh water in many parts of Bangladesh .
The dolphin population is also dwindling because they sometimes get caught in a fisherman 's net .
The fishermen caught the dolphin Monday in Bagerhat , a city near one of the world 's largest mangrove forests .
The forests of the Sundarbans -- Bengali for " beautiful forest " -- lies at the delta of the Ganges and two other rivers on the Bay of Bengal .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this story
All About WWF • Ganges River • Wildlife
Boeing ’s high - tech YAL - 1 Airborne Laser ( ABL ) weapons system consists of a high energy laser , flight turret assembly , tracker Illuminator lasers , and a beacon illuminator — to be installed on modified 747-400 Fs .
Simply put , it first uses infrared sensors to detect missiles , then three low power tracking lasers calculate speed / aimport , and lastly , the main laser is fired for 3 - 5 seconds from a front - mounted turret .
Video after the break .
Click here for more pictures .
The Iraq war has affected the personal and political lives of many people around the world , but its influence does n’t stop there .
The Iraq war has had a profound effect on the dollar , too .
Here , we ’ll take a look at 20 reasons why .
Dollar deficit : The Iraq war has been and continues to be very expensive .
This makes it difficult , if not impossible , for the federal budget to keep up .
As a result , the government is forced to take loans from foreign lenders and print more paper money .
As these practices continue , the dollar ’s value slips away .
Losing market players :
As the dollar continues to fall in reaction to budget deficits stemming from the war in Iraq , market players are losing money on their investment .
When this happens , the dollar becomes a less attractive vehicle for investment .
It is likely that other countries may grow weary of losing as the dollar falls , and will turn to euros for more stability .
Avoiding confrontation :
In 2006 , Syria switched all of its foreign currency transactions from dollars to euros .
Perhaps taking notes from Iraq , this move was made to protect them against any confrontation with the US , as US laws require that all dollar transactions have to pass through the US banking system .
Iraq made a similar decision in 2000 , opting to sell Iraqi oil in euros .
Syria ’s move to euros is designed to keep their foreign assets safer , avoiding a situation in which they ’d be frozen during conflict with the US .
The decreased use of the dollar affects demand of it , and thus , the dollar ’s value .
The domino effect : With Syria jumping ship on the dollar , it ’s not a stretch to imagine that others may follow suit .
As other countries see the conflict that the US and Iraq are involved in , they may begin to think the same way Syria has , and decide to protect themselves against potential monetary tie-ups with the US .
So far , the list of countries who have converted , or are considering converting , to the euro includes North Korea , Venezuela , and Iran .
OPEC : Countries are n’t the only ones that could drop the dollar .
OPEC has expressed interest in switching to the euro as the standard for oil transactions .
This is a major problem , as oil - consuming economies would have to get rid of their dollars , causing a serious drop in both the use and value of the dollar .
Overspending :
As with any budget , heavy spending in one area means that other areas have to be cut back .
With the Iraq war , this spending keeps money out of economy - supporting actions that could help prop up the dollar ’s value .
Energy shift : Iraq is often pointed to as an example of the problems foreign oil dependence creates .
As Americans grow weary of these issues , interest in alternative energy grows as well .
With the expansion of these largely domestic industries , the American economy becomes more self - sufficient , a move that is good for closing the gap on the trade deficit and good for the dollar ’s value .
Interest : Ultimately , the economic trouble caused by Iraq makes it difficult to attract investors .
In order to keep the rate of investment stable , the US is forced to attract buyers with higher interest rates , a move that creates inflation and trouble for the dollar .
Although in recent months , the Fed has cut rates , this practice is not sustainable .
Price of oil : Iraq has lost more than $ 25 billion in oil revenues .
Oil in jeopardy creates energy cost inflation , which creates higher costs for any country that uses oil , a list that the US is most certainly on .
Energy cost inflation hurts all currencies , and the dollar in particular .
Stock market :
At one point , the Iraq war was reported to have cost the US stock market $ 1.1 trillion .
These losses came from consumer goods , airlines , technology companies , and others that depend on discretionary spending .
Losses in the stock market do not bode well for the dollar , as a stock market slide creates dollar weakness and could cause a downward spiral of US asset liquidation that puts pressure on the dollar and perepetuates itself .
Constant foreign policy debate :
As Congress debates the future of the war in Iraq , the dollar looks less and less like a safe bet .
Regardless of the outcome , any major policy change in Congress creates nervousness for investors .
Of course , that does n’t mean that outcome does n’t matter : if investors feel like US policy is headed in the right direction , they feel more comfortable investing in dollar - denominated assets .
But generally speaking , investors are wary of a foreign policy and subsequent economy that ’s subject to new policies .
US contractors :
Although the war in Iraq has a generally negative effect on the US economy , it is a boom for major contractors like Halliburton , Lockheed - Martin and Bechtel .
As these companies execute government contracting in Iraq , they ’re reaping record profits at home , which fuels the economy with jobs and productivity , as well as the success of the dollar .
Perception : Just about everything that has to do with dollar support depends upon favorable perception of the US .
Unfortunately for the dollar , as the world drops support of the war with Iraq , support of the dollar suffers right along with it .
Larry Greenberg of Ried Thunberg & Co. reflects , “ It ’s hard for me to believe that the flow of capital cannot help but be affected by how the US is perceived around the world . ”
By going against world opinion , dollar - denominated assets will be devalued .
Turmoil and stability : Generally speaking , investors flock towards safe bets .
When a country is in turmoil , investors will move away from it and towards countries that show more stability .
As the US remains intertwined with Iraq , it chips away at our stability and scares off investors , causing the dollar ’s value to drop when they invest in the assets of other currencies , or even sell the dollar - denominated assets they currently have .
Military overextension : Spreading our troops out halfway around the world is clearly a costly endeavor .
This strains the dollar in a number of ways , ranging from the federal deficit to a loss of quality employees for the workforce .
Consumer spending : Fear keeps people from spending , as they ’re more likely to hang on to money “ just in case ” for the future .
When consumers do n’t spend , however , our economy slows and puts pressure on the dollar .
Uncertainty : Conflict in Iraq , or anywhere for that matter , breeds uncertainty in the markets .
It creates political change , huge spending , fear of terrorism , and takes attention away from economic positives like corporate profits .
This all adds up to an investment attitude that ’s more “ wait - and - see ” than free - flowing , a situation that hurts the dollar .
A flood of dollars :
In 2004 , nearly $ 12 billion was flown into Iraq , and through various means , was effectively lost .
This flood of lost dollars cannot be good for the value of the dollar , as this clearly is a factor in inflation of the currency .
Trade deficit :
As the price of oil surges in response to the Iraq war , the price of our imports goes sky - high .
This creates an even larger gap in our trade deficit , a factor that devalues the dollar .
Presidential popularity : Although a direct correlation is debated , the popularity of US presidents is often an indicator for the strength of the dollar .
Bush ’s popularity has undeniably faltered from the Iraq war , and could spell trouble for the dollar .
Ultimately , investors look for a strong , respected US leader when putting their faith in the dollar , and Iraq has tarnished that image for Bush .
It ’s clear that the Iraq war is having a negative effect on the dollar .
Investors should keep an eye on developments in the future of the war to consider how the dollar will be affected both in the near and long term .
Gauche : $
これはあくまで好みの問題ですし、こういった構文糖衣は濫用されがちなので
気をつけてください。けれどもスパイスのように、控えめな隠し味として使うと、
しばしばとても有用です。
It is purely a matter of taste , and also this kind of syntax sugars can be easily abused .
Use with care , but it may work well if used sparingly , like spices .
from GaucheRefj :$ GaucheRefe :$
Shiro ( 2008/02/01 00:59:54 PST ) :
Haskell Envy
Haskellの$がうらやましかったのですよ。
fn1 ( fn2 ( fn3 ( fn4 x ) ) )
と書くかわり に
fn1 $ fn2 $ fn3 $ fn4 x
と書ける。書くときのイメージなんだけど、カッコでくくるのはやっぱり
それをまとめてスタックに置いてる感じがするのね。
( foo ( bar x y ) z )
これを左から書いてく時 、( bar で始まるとこで意識の中でスタックを積んで、 y ) で終わるところでスタックをポップする ( 「 引数終わり 」 ) 。 けれど 、
( foo x ( bar y z ) )
の場合だとも う( bar y z ) の後ろに引数が無いわけで。 単純な処理を数珠つなぎにしてくイメージの時に、
( fn1 ( fn2 ( fn3 ( fn4 x ) ) )
みたいに意識のスタックを積んで行くのがどうも煩わしい。Haskellの
fn1 $ fn2 $ fn3 $ fn4 x
はスタックを積まずに、処理を線形に書き下してる感じがする。
意識の末尾再帰最適化だね。
で、このエッセンス をGaucheにも入れてみたかったんだけど、 他と一貫性を保ちながら中置の$を入れるのは結構難しくて、 棚上げしてた。
でもさっき気づいたんだけど、中置にする必要ないじゃん。
( $ fn1 $ fn2 $ fn3 $ fn4 x )
が
( fn1 ( fn2 ( fn3 ( fn4 x ) ) ) )
に展開されればいい 。
$ マクロ試 案
展開例：
($ f a b c ) => ( f a b c ) ( $ f $ g a b c ) => ( f ( g a b c ) ) ( $ f $ g $ h a b c ) => ( f ( g ( h a b c ) ) ) ( $ f a $ g b $ h c ) => ( f a ( g b ( h c ) ) )
これはすごく簡単。補助マクロを使って：
( define - syntax $ ( syntax - rules ( ) [ ( _ . rest ) ( % $ - rec ( ) . rest ) ] ) ) ( define - syntax %$ - rec ( syntax - rules ( $ ) [ ( _ ( e ... ) $ . rest ) ( e ... ( $ . rest ) ) ] [ ( _ ( e ... ) x . rest ) ( % $ - rec ( e ... x ) . rest ) ] [ ( _ es ) es ] ) )
ちなみに$を重ねるとこうなる。
($ $ ff ) => ( ( ff ) ) ( $ $ $ fff ) => ( ( ( fff ) ) )
ただ、 ( $ ) の解釈がちょっと曖昧。上の定義だと ( ) になって、これは現在 のGaucheでは たまたまself - evaluatingだから ( ) へと評価されるけど、 「 何も無いものをapply する」って 何か変な感じだ。エラーにすべきかもしれない。
上の例だけだと読みやすいようには見えないけど、関数名が長くてインデントががんがん
右に寄っちゃうような場合はインデントしやすくなるんじゃないかな。
pa$と統合
($ ... ) で始まったフォームが $ で終わった場合、その後にさらに引数が来ることを
期待してるってことで、pa$したのと同じ扱いにしたらどうだろうか。
($ f a b $ ) => ( pa$ f a b )
これだと 、 「 部分適用版は末尾に '$ 'をつける 」ってい うGaucheのnaming convention とも一貫性がある。どのくらい使えるかはわからんけど。定義をちょっと変えるだけでいける。
( define - syntax $ ( syntax - rules ( ) [ ( _ f . rest ) ( % $ - rec ( ) f . rest ) ] [ ( _ ) ( syntax - error " Invalid $ - form : ( $ ) " ) ] ) ) ( define - syntax %$ - rec ( syntax - rules ( $ ) [ ( _ ( e ... ) $ ) ( pa$ e ... ) ] [ ( _ ( e ... ) $ . rest ) ( e ... ( $ . rest ) ) ] [ ( _ ( e ... ) x . rest ) ( % $ - rec ( e ... x ) . rest ) ] [ ( _ es ) es ] ) )
Shiro( 2008/02/03 15:16:32 PST ) : いやこれじゃだめだ。
( $ f $ g $ ) => ( lambda args ( f ( apply g args ) ) )
になるべき。これができると、例えば「シンボルのリストを取り、全部のシンボルを
大文字のシンボルにする」というのは
( map ( $ string -> symbol $ string - upcase $ symbol - > string $ ) lis )
と書ける 。
jmuk ?
2008/02/10 05:15:56 PST : こんな風に書いて対処してみましたがどうでしょう(エレガントさに欠けますが)
( define - syntax $ ( syntax - rules ( ) [ ( _ f . rest ) ( % $ - parse ( ) ( ) ( ) f . rest ) ] [ ( _ ) ( syntax - error " Invalid $ - form : ( $ ) " ) ] ) ) ( define - syntax $* ( syntax - rules ( $ ) [ ( _ f . rest ) ( % $ - parse ( apply ) ( ) ( ) f . rest ) ] [ ( _ ) ( syntax - error " Invalid $ *- form : ( $ * ) " ) ] ) ) ( define - syntax %$ - parse ( syntax - rules ( $ $ * ) [ ( _ ( app ... ) fs ( e ... ) $ ) ( % $ - cons-args args ( apply e ... args ) . fs ) ] [ ( _ ( app ... ) fs ( e ... ) $ . rest ) ( % $ - parse ( ) ( ( app ... e ... ) . fs ) ( ) . rest ) ] [ ( _ ( app ... ) fs ( e ... ) $* . rest ) ( % $ - parse ( apply ) ( ( app ... e ... ) . fs ) ( ) . rest ) ] [ ( _ apps fs ( e ... ) x . rest ) ( % $ - parse apps fs ( e ... x ) . rest ) ] [ ( _ ( app ... ) fs es ) ( %$ - cons ( app ... . es ) . fs ) ] ) ) ( define - syntax %$ - cons ( syntax - rules ( ) [ ( _ r ) r ] [ ( _ r ( f ... ) . fs ) ( %$ - cons ( f ... r ) . fs ) ] ) ) ( define - syntax %$ - cons-args ( syntax - rules ( ) [ ( _ args r ) ( lambda args r ) ] [ ( _ args r ( f ... ) . fs ) ( %$ - cons-args args ( f ... r ) . fs ) ] ) )
applyもいけるかな
さらにエスカレート 。
( $* f a b c ) => ( apply f a b c ) ( $* f a $ g b c ) => ( apply f a ( g b c ) ) ( $* f $* g $ h a b ) => ( apply f ( apply g ( h a b ) ) ) ( $* f $* g $* h a b ) => ( apply f ( apply g ( apply h a b ) ) )
これはやりすぎか ?
でもこれだと実際$*使った方が短くなるしな。
Arcの `:'
Arcの ` :'
は1引数に特化してるけどここのアイディアと同じであることに気づいた。
Arcでは foo : bar は ( compose foo bar ) と読まれる。と、この定義だけ読むと ふぅんって感じなんだけど 、
( foo ( bar ( baz x y ) ) ) => ( foo : bar : baz x y )
ってことなんだな。確かにこれは短くなるしネストも減る。
ここの$記法だと
( $ foo $ bar $ baz x y )
になるんだけど、欠点は必ず元のネストした式よりも長くなってしまうことだ。 前置の$が無ければちょうど同じ長さになるんだけどね。
$ のアドバンテージは、各関数名が長くてネストしてる時にインデントが
右に流れすぎるのを防げること。
( abcde - fghijk ( lmnop - qrstuv w x ) ( yzabcdef - ghijkl - mnop q r ( stuvwxyz - abcdefg hijklm ( nopqr stuvwx ) ) ) )
みたいなの が
( $ abcde - fghijk ( lmnop - qrstuv w x ) $ yzabcdef - ghijkl - mnop q r $ stuvwxyz - abcdefg hijklm $ nopqr stuvwx )
になる。
Clojure の->,->>
yamasushi( 2013/05/01 04:02:34 UTC )
Gauche : Clojure :->,->>
Gauche : Clojure :-?>,-?>> ( foo ( bar ( baz x y ) ) ) => ( -> ( baz x y ) bar foo )
;; Haskell - ish application . ;;
The starting ' $ ' introduces the macro . ;;
Subsequent '$ ' delimits " one more arguments " ;;
Subsequent '$ *' delimits " zero or more arguments " .
;; ;; ( $ f a b c ) => ( f a b c ) ; ; ( $ f a b c $ ) => ( lambda ( arg ) ( f a b c arg ) ) ;; ( $ f $ g a b c ) => ( f ( g a b c ) ) ; ; ( $ f $ g a b c $ ) => ( lambda ( arg ) ( f ( g a b c arg ) ) ) ;; ( $ f $ g $ h a b c ) => ( f ( g ( h a b c ) ) ) ;; ( $ f a $ g b $ h c ) => ( f a ( g b ( h c ) ) ) ;; ( $ f a $ g b $ h $ ) => ( lambda ( arg ) ( f a ( g b ( h arg ) ) ) ) ;; ;; ( $ f a b c $ * ) => ( lambda args ( apply f a b c args ) ) ;; == ( pa$ f a b c ) ; ; ( $ f a b $ * g c d ) => ( apply f a b ( g c d ) ) ; ; ( $ f a b $* g c d $ ) => ( lambda ( arg ) ( apply f a b ( g c d arg ) ) ) ;; ( $ f a b $* g c d $ * ) => ( lambda args ( apply f a b ( apply g c d args ) ) ) ;; ( $ f a b $ g c d $ * ) => ( lambda args ( f a b ( apply g c d args ) ) )
Tags : $ , Haskell
Last modified : 2013/05/01 04:06:40 UTC
The Karni Mata Hindu temple was built by Maharajah Ganga Singh in the early 1900s as a tribute to the rat goddess , Karni Mata and the most intriguing aspect of it , is that it ’s home for over 20.000 worshiped rats .
The legend behind this temple is that Karni Mata , a matriarch from the 14th century was a reincarnation of Durga , the goddess of power and victory .
at one point one of her clansmen ’s child died and she tried to bring it back to life only to be told by Yama , the god of death that he had already reincarnated as a rat .
Karni Mata struck a deal with Tama , that all her dead clansmen would reincarnate as rats , until they were ready to be born again into the tribe .
It ’s a nice story but I ca n’t stop thinking about how that place must smell …
Photo : Arian Zwegers / Flickr
Photo : Jean Pierre Dalbera / Flickr
Photo : Avinashmaurya / Wikimedia Commons
Samsung Electronics could deliver 256GB solid - state drives next year , quadrupling the capacity of SSDs it is currently shipping to PC makers , the company said .
Samsung recently plugged 64GB SSDs into Lenovo 's ThinkPad X300 laptops , which only have SSD storage built in , said Jim Elliott , vice president of memory marketing for Samsung Semiconductor .
Samsung is due to ship samples of 128 GB SSDs in the middle of this year .
The 128GB samples will only reach hardware makers , and Samsung will continue to work with PC makers like Lenovo and Dell to deliver SSD drives in capacities from 64G bytes to 128G bytes , Elliott said .
He declined comment on when Samsung would make SSD drives available directly to consumers , or to say more about 256G - byte SSDs other than that they could be out next year .
Samsung is trying to double SSD capacity every 12 months , he said .
In the long term , SSDs may replace hard drives as primary storage for notebook PCs because they are lightweight , power - efficient and fast .
Samsung 's SATA II SSD drive is two to five times faster than conventional hard drives , weighs 73 grams ( 0.07 pounds ) and consumes 30 percent less power than a typical hard drive , according to Samsung .
Pricing on SSDs are prohibitive at the moment , but the cost - per - gigabyte equation will improve once the industry moves to multilevel cell ( MLC ) SSDs by the second half of this year , Elliott said .
Most of the drives shipping now are single - level cell SSDs ( SLCs ) , which cost more .
The price of a 64GB single - level SSD is around $ 600 , said Nam Hyung Kim , director and chief analyst at iSuppli .
SLCs are roughly twice as fast and have at least an order of magnitude better reliability than MLCs in terms of endurance cycles , said Joe Unsworth , principal research analyst at Gartner .
However , MLC SSDs are far cheaper , less than half the cost of SLC SSDs , Unsworth said .
" MLC SSDs are currently sampling , but are having a difficult time proving the performance and reliability " compared to SLC SSDs , Unsworth said .
A drop in prices could also improve adoption of SSDs and stabilize a slowing NAND flash market , Samsung 's Elliott said .
Concerns about the economy and consumer spending recently prompted research firm iSuppli to slash its NAND flash revenue forecast for 2008 , and Intel warned earlier this week that low prices for NAND flash memory chips will have a greater financial impact during the first quarter than company officials had initially anticipated .
Samsung was not a traditional SSD player until recently -- the company was n't in the market - share ratings in 2006 -- but has done well positioning SSDs with the major PC makers like Dell , Lenovo , Apple and Hewlett - Packard , Unsworth said .
Samsung 's SSD volume shipments are small , but the prices are high at capacities of 16GB to 64GB , so Samsung does n't need to increase much in terms of volume to have considerable revenue market share gains , Unsworth said .
Samsung is the world 's largest NAND flash maker , so it is capable of increasing SSD volumes , Unsworth said .
As the SSD market grows , Samsung is bulking up capacity to meet the demands , Elliott said .
Note :
When you purchase something after clicking links in our articles , we may earn a small commission .
Read our affiliate link policy for more details .
i ’m enjoying reading “ Breakdown of Will ” by Ainslie .
One name his work goes by is pico-economics .
If that name is not intended to be sarcastic then it ’s at least ironic given that Economics is currently king of the social sciences and Ainslie ’s model underminds the king ’s legitamacy .
The market stalls of pico economics are set out inside your head .
The market participants negotate for your attention , slices of your time .
I recorded a bit of audio from the market floor in an old blog posting .
Re-negotiate your cable contract once a year .
Oh , and your long distance service .
Rebalance your investments annually .
Keep an eye on your mortgage rate and refinance at appropriate times , but not too often .
Consider having a health savings account .
Clip coupons .
Keep track of those rebates .
Join frequent flyer programs as appropriate .
Be sure you have a will .
Check that your love ones know your end of life desires .
Eat more vegetables .
Take regular breaks to avoid typing injuries .
Get plenty of sleep .
Here , let me quote a fragment from the book :
I have described a model of learned interests that compete freely on the basis of timeframes over which of their rewards will be prefered .
… a person is a population of these roommates each clamoring for control of the room … to continue to exist each interest must be the highest bidder at some time or it will be extinquished …
But pico-economics is not like classical economics .
Not at all !
The math that governs in the attention marketplace of your head is taken straight out of bizzaro world .
It might as well be non-linear .
We do n’t respect the future ; even if you think you do .
You do n’t .
At the heart of this bizzaro math is deeply hardwired preference for immediate gratification over longer term goals .
This evil math is time scale free so we will scratch an itch in preference to eating some ice cream , and eat ice cream that ’s at hand in preference to a fine meal with friends in half hour , and that we will go off to long lunch rather than finish that deliverable the team needs to make progress next month , etc. etc .
The preference for short term ones v.s. long term is so pervasive that we tend to gloss over how odd it is .
Would you like to stop what your doing and have some ice cream ?
How do you decide that turning your attention to the fun of a bowl of ice cream is worth it ?
The utilitarian answer is that you weigh the alternative and if it ’s better than what your doing then you switch .
What ’s curious about living in the bizzaro world of pico- economics is that this calculation is radically different depending on how close at hand that ice cream is .
Going out to get it ?
Going into the kitchen ?
Plucking it off the desert cart ?
Dipping your spoon the bowl ?
Each step closer and in the competition for your attention the ice cream becomes vastly more likely to seize control of your scarce attention .
So much so that it makes no economic sense at all .
From animal experiments they know exactly how out of wack your internal calculator is .
If the pleasure of ice cream is 2 , 20 , or 200 seconds away for the spoon , the desert cart , and the kitchen respectively then you will treat see the fun of ice cream as 66 units , 8 , or 1 unit respectively .
If we replaced ice cream with a financial reward this implies that people have to struggle to avoid accepting a dime in two seconds v.s. $ 6.60 in few minutes later .
Rationally this makes no sense ; since I could make a mint moving ice cream closer to my customers .
That our attention is so badly behaved creates a problem what we struggle with continually .
For example we all know not to buy the ice cream and bring it home ; i.e. to avoid the temptation .
Ainslie reports a delightful experiment involving pigions .
Pigeons have the same bizzaro internal marketplace .
So if you put them in a cage and give them some buttons to peck you can show that they will peck a button that gives smaller rewards sooner over a button that delivers significantly larger rewards later .
Amazingly this setup annoys the pigion .
He knows that he is making bad choices .
Apparently there is a rational market regulating pigion in there scolding the his irrational free market animal pigion .
How do we know ?
Well they can augement the experiment to add a third button pecking that will disabled the short term reward button .
The pigeon will use that third button to lock in his commitment to the longer term reward .
Avoiding temptation and using external devices to make binding commitments are both means to force your internal bizzaro attention economy to behave better .
We do n’t trust ourselves anymore than we trust other parties .
We engage in lots of these strategic games in an attempt to keep the bizzaro internal economy from doing more harm .
Most of these work by reducing our options .
We lock in our savings in long term investments , we do n’t buy the ice cream , and the pigeon pecks that third button .
The Senate leadership has reached agreement with Republicans on how to proceed with the surveillance bill , and they held tough .
According to leadership sources , these key Democratic amendments will get a simple majority vote :
Striking Immunity ( Feingold / Dodd ) : Strips the provision providing for telco amnesty from the current bill .
Sequestration ( Feingold ) : Prohibits the use of illegally obtained information .
Bulk collection ( Feingold ) : Requires the government to certify to the FISA Court that it is collecting communications of targets for whom there is a foreign intelligence interest .
Reverse targeting ( Feingold ) : Prohibits warrantless reverse targeting by requiring a FISA Court order for surveillance of a foreign person where the " significant purpose " of the collection is to target a U.S. person located in the United States .
Substitution ( Whitehouse - Specter ) : Substitutes the government for telcos being sued for their participation in the warrantless wiretapping program , but only if the company is first determined by the FISA Court to have cooperated with the Bush Administration reasonably and in good faith .
The amendments that would require a 60 vote majority are :
Minimization ( Whitehouse - Rockefeller - Leahy - Schumer ) : Minimization is the process of weeding out data obtained about U.S. persons and destroying it .
This amendment would grant the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court the discretionary authority to not only approve minimization rules but to review their implementation .
Sunset Provision ( Cardin ) : Shortens the sunset of the FISA Amendments bill from six years to four years .
Additionally , they agreed to accept as part of the base bill Sen .
Feingold 's amendment that would require that Congress be given timely access to FISA Court pleadings , opinions , and decisions that contain significant interpretations of law , retroactive five years .
The SSCI bill ( the current base bill ) mandates congressional access going forward , but does not require access to previous documents .
There is an additional provision that may be accepted as part of the base bill put forward by Sen .
Feinstein that would would reiterate Congress ' original intent that FISA be the exclusive means for conducting electronic surveillance and would reject the President 's now discredited argument that the 2002 Authorization for Use of Military Force gave the executive authorization to authorize spying .
The votes are now scheduled to start Monday afternoon .
The order of the votes has n't been determined yet , which is important .
For instance , the Feingold / Dodd amendment supercedes the Whitehouse / Specter substitution amendment -- if Feingold / Dodd prevails , Whitehouse / Specter is irrelevant .
The latter amendment is a hugely watered down version of Feingold / Dodd , but it would at least allow suites to go forward .
It 's not a compromise that I think Democrats should make .
There are also pending amendments that were n't included in this list that might still go forward , including some others that could potentially be poison pills , causing Bush to veto .
Amnesty is their big baby , obviously , as their all - out assault to try to make it into a " liability " issue demonstrates .
Here 's Cheney yesterday :
CHENEY : People who do n’t want to —
I guess want to leave open the possibility that the trial lawyers can go after a big company that may have helped .
Those companies helped specifically at our request , and they ’ve done yeoman duty for the country , and this is the so - called terrorist surveillance program , one of the things it was called earlier .
It ’s just absolutely essential to know who in the United States is talking to Al - Qaeda .
It ’s a program that ’s been very well managed .
We have n’t violated anybody ’s civil liberties .
It ’s in fact a good piece of legislation .
When all else fails , try to divert attention to trial lawyers .
And , as emptywheel points out , when did the ACLU and EFF become trial lawyers ?
What this demonstrates is that they are losing ground on this fight .
They were n't maintaining traction by continuing to play the fear card , because their argument that listening in on Aunt Fannie 's call to her niece in Paris is keeping us safe is ludicrous to everyone .
If nothing else , the relentless push by the left on telco amnesty has put the Dems in a stronger bargaining position .
Maybe if we keep up the pressure , we can put enough into this bill to force a veto , which would mean , in emptywheel 's words :
Bush has said he wants FISA plus immunity , but if he vetoed it even if it had immunity in it , he'd be forced to admit that he 's asking for much much more than he has publicly admitted .
That would allow us to have the debate we should be having right now : how much privacy do Americans give up -- indeed , how much privacy have they already given up -- in the WOT ?
You know the drill .
This time , call all of your Senators , including the Republicans , including Smith , Coleman , Sununu , and Snowe .
If the Republicans gave in to simple majorities on many of these key amendments , it could mean their caucus is softening .
Let 's see if we can finally poke a big ol ' hole in it .
" Wait , why do you need to shut the SQL Server down ? "
Henry O. did n't like where this conversation was going .
" We 've got a lot of people using the database right now .
I 'd really like to do this upgrade without shutting it down . "
" Well , we have to shut it down , " Tom , the vendor , reiterated .
" Because ... because . "
" Seriously , why ? "
Henry demanded .
" Well , this is our software .
I represent Initrode Global , and I know how our software works .
We just have to shut the server down for a little bit . "
Tom tried to sound confident .
Henry thought back to when they first hired Initrode Global .
Years ago , they 'd asked for a warehouse management system , and aside from a few minor annoyances with the software , they were happy with it .
As the company grew , though , they were reaching the limits of what they could do with the Access 2000 backend and asked Initrode to upgrade the software to work with their new SQL Server database .
Meetings with Initrode were awkward .
This was the first time they'd heard of anyone hitting the limits of the software , and it made them nervous .
Still , they swore they'd get their best people on it , and upgrade the application to .
NET / SQL .
Several months and meetings later , they were finished .
All of this work resulted in Henry 's current problem .
Trying to get an answer from Tom about why the databases had to be taken offline .
" It 'll take maybe five minutes , " Tom insisted .
" Fine . "
Henry caved .
Tom began typing and clicking , closing all open connections and taking the server offline .
" Oh , wait , " Tom said , as a realization dawned on him .
" I guess I did n't have to do that .
I 'll start up the database again ; it 'll be back to normal in a minute . "
Henry gritted his teeth .
They 'd just kicked all of the users off the database for no good reason .
" Yeah , as it turns out , the tables I need are already there ! "
Tom chuckled nervously .
" Still , I 'm going to replace the database . "
Henry kept a close watch over Tom 's shoulder as he worked .
" OK , " Tom said with a proud smile .
" The tables have been created !
Now I just need to run the import script ! "
Tom ran a custom - developed console application called " import.exe . "
It did n't take in any parameters , produce any output , or have any progress indicator .
He and Henry sat there for about five minutes , before Henry asked if any progress was being made .
" Probably , " Tom replied .
" I mean , almost definitely probably . "
Henry took over the keyboard so he could check rowcounts on the tables while the import app was chugging away .
F5 - ing his query a few times , he saw that the tables were growing , just really slowly .
After a half hour with only two tables populated , he figured that a custom - developed import application might be slower than using the Import Data wizard .
And he was right — he managed to get everything imported in three minutes .
With the data copied and the .NET application ready , testing could begin .
And testing began right around the same time it stopped , since it was erroring out immediately .
First it was some obvious stuff — incorrect configuration , an invalid connection string , etc. — then they started hitting more complex issues .
First , there were permission denied errors for dropping a view .
" Hey , Tom , why is this happening ? "
Henry had n't done anything he thought could 've caused a problem ; he just tried running an inventory summary report .
" Why would this report try to drop a view ? "
" Oh , make the user that connects a database owner .
We ran into that too . "
" Uh , why does it need to alter the database when I run a report ? "
" Because , " replied Tom , " ... because . "
" No , I really need a solid answer this time . "
After some pressing , Tom finally explained why the system needed to create and drop views and outlined the workflow :
Each request is queued by a central request server on another machine that ensures only one request at a time is served
The request server sends a command to the database server to drop the current view
The system recreates the view with parameters changed
The new view is used by three other views to display data to the user
Repeat for every single request , with just one parameter changed in the original view
As soon as Henry could speak , he asked why Tom did n't just use a stored procedure to do the work .
" A 'stored procedure ? '
Oh yeah , I think I heard of that somewhere ... "
Tom began flipping through a dog - eared SQL reference that more resembled Indiana Jones 's dad 's notebook .
" I 'll have to try that , there 's this big section in here about them ! "
There were eight other views used like this , in a system that 's queried thousands of times daily .
Internet Explorer 7 was a long time coming , and with the rise in popularity of Firefox , expectations were high .
One thing that most users did n't expect , however , was an additional Windows Genuine Advantage check , baked into every copy of the installation routine for IE7 .
Now , according to a post on Microsoft 's IE blog , this WGA check is going away with the latest IE7 update , at least for Windows XP users .
The inclusion of a separate WGA check for IE7 was always a bit odd .
Windows XP SP2 comes with a WGA check that it uses for , among other things , allowing access to Microsoft 's Windows Update web site ( critical updates are unaffected ) .
As such , the only people who would typically be foiled by IE7's built - in WGA would be pirates who have already cracked Windows activation and Windows ' own WGA .
One imagines that , rather than searching for a " cracked " version of IE7 , most of these people would simply download a free browser such as Firefox .
On the blog , Microsoft claims that it " takes its commitment to help protect the entire Windows ecosystem seriously " and that 's why WGA is being removed .
The move is remarkable because it is the first time that Microsoft has removed WGA checks from a product in order to increase the attractiveness of that product .
It 's difficult to see this as any but an attempt to get as many users as possible to install IE7 , even those who have pirated Windows .
This does n't answer the question of why Microsoft would have bothered with the extra WGA check to begin with .
The plan , like the much - maligned Vista Ultimate Extras , was to provide a kind of reward for people running non-pirated versions of Windows , using IE7 as a carrot to entice people into the lovely land of legitimacy .
However , this plan seems opposed to the whole purpose of releasing a free web browser in the first place , which is to maximize market share .
Firefox continues to gain market share at the expense of IE6 , with anywhere between 13 and 16 percent depending on which web statistics aggregator site you look at .
More worrying for Microsoft is the fact that IE7's share appears to be leveling off at between 20 to 27 percent , despite strong growth after it was initially released in 2006 .
Microsoft does still have the advantage of having IE 7 bundled with every new computer running Windows Vista , so it will certainly become more widely used in the future , but the company has apparently decided that short term market share is more important than piracy checks .
The IE7 update includes a few other tweaks as well : the menu bar is now displayed by default , hopefully signaling the beginning of the end for the idea that menus are somehow passé in modern GUI applications .
Also , the IE7 " online tour " has updated instructions , and the browser 's first - run page includes a new overview of the browser and its functionality .
For IT administrators , Microsoft has also released a new IE7 Administration Kit ( IEAK ) that includes an MSI installer for easier deployment across multiple computers .
TEHRAN – Supreme National Security Council Secretary Saeed Jalili has urged the UN Security Council to impose sanctions on the U.S. for developing nuclear weapons .
“ The Security Council must issue sanctions resolution against the U.S. which has a long record in proliferation and use of nuclear weapons , ” Jalili told Japan 's NHK television aired on Friday .
Iran ’s top nuclear negotiator accused the United States of violating international law by using nuclear weapons against Japan , building nuclear arsenals , and proliferating atomic arms .
“ According to the Article VI of the Non-Proliferation Treaty which calls for nuclear disarmament , the United States must report to the International Atomic Energy Agency on how it has obeyed international law on nuclear arms , ” Jalili stated .
“ Today the U.S. does not have a good image in the world .
The United States is the only country which has used this inhumane weapon against innocent people … the Japanese people will surly never forget the U.S. crimes .
ONLY 35 DAYS LEFT TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE !
We ’re in a battle for the soul of this nation — and we need your help .
Republican candidates across Washington state are defying public health orders and campaigning in - person without masks , putting all of our health at risk .
But we wo n’t compromise the safety of our voters to campaign , so we need YOU to join our Virtual Volunteers making hundreds of thousands of calls to get out the vote for Joe Biden , Kamala Harris , and all our Democrats up and down the ballot !
We ca n’t win this fight without you !
It ’s time to turn your passion to defeat Donald Trump into action and support Democrats on your ballot !
If you have n’t already , make a plan to vote today !
Not sure if you ’re registered to vote ?
Check your status here !
Never volunteered before ?
Our expert organizers will teach you everything you need to know !
Need to know who to support ?
Find out who the Democrats are on your ballot !
By taking a common tranquilizer along with a medicine that slows the production of stress hormones , cocaine addicts may be able to fight their addiction in an impressive new way .
The new drug combination should reduce their cravings without getting them high .
On Wednesday , Embera NeuroTherapeutics announced the first clinical trial for the new treatment .
Under the supervision of Anita Kablinger , a professor of Psychiatry at Louisiana State University , forty - five volunteers will try to kick their habits .
Some will receive a placebo , while others will get a combination of the sedative oxazepam and the hormone - blocking drug metyrapone .
For six weeks , Kablinger and her team will check on each patient twice a week , give them drug tests , and ask questions about their drug cravings and mood .
Hopefully , those that receive both medications will find it easier to quit without suffering from as many withdrawal symptoms .
Unlike other experimental treatments for cocaine dependence , which act as replacements for the illicit substance , this new mixture does not push the same neurological pleasure buttons .
Instead , it blocks the production of cortisol — a chemical that is well known to send stress signals .
Nicholas Goeders , founder of the pharmaceutical startup , believes that those molecules also cause drug cravings .
Cutting them off should relieve addicts of the intense urge to get high .
If he is right , the same drug combination could be used to treat many other forms of addiction as well .
See Also :
With so much focus on Google Street View privacy issues , many people have missed a whole subset of non-controversial but much more strange Street View images .
Accidental recombinations and distortions on Street View images have resulted in something that could be mistaken for an art form .
Achitectural Splices : many of the most interesting images occur where two geomtries mix incorrectly .
The result , however , almost suggests a hidden layer to the urban environment .
The above Google Street View image is reminiscent of a Dada painting or conceptual urban sketch .
End of the World : when the Google Street View van finds a border the infill could be many things – blue sky , white nothingness or some ambient color .
Instead , a black void is inserted , suggesting space or a vacuum on the other side .
This small decision makes a big difference .
Surreal Subtractions : some things get cut off in the splicing process , resulting in humorous but creepy omissions such as the head of the above individual .
Perhaps the creeping white void to the left of the image is approaching to erase him ?
Who knows !
High Contrasts : the subjectivity of photography in images like those above , where different lense angles and lighting conditions create a radical contrast between parts .
This is a good reminder that any view is necessarily subjective , and the illusion of actual reality is relative .
Hybrid Objects : sometimes the Google Street View splicing results in a mutant object or vehicle that seems almost but not quite believable .
These stir the imagination , though they are clearly the result of programmatic errors .
Is this accidental graphic artistry , or just an unfortunate computer glitch ?
That , of course , is up to the viewer .
Collections of surreal Google Street View mistakes have appeared on Flickr and can be voted on at sites like MapMole .
The New York Stock Exchange is investing heavily in x86 - based Linux systems and blade servers as it builds out the NYSE Hybrid Market trading system that it launched last year .
Flexibility and lower cost are among the goals .
But one of the things that NYSE Euronext CIO Steve Rubinow says he most wants from the new computing architecture is technology independence .
" What we want is to be able to take advantage of technology advances when they happen , " Rubinow said .
" We 're trying to be as independent of any technologies as we can be . "
The Hybrid Market system lets NYSE traders buy and sell stocks electronically or on the exchange 's trading floor .
The NYSE has been turning to x86 technology to power the trading system , largely using servers from Hewlett - Packard Co. , the two companies announced this week .
The NYSE has installed about 200 of HP 's ProLiant DL585 four - processor servers and 400 of its ProLiant BL685 c blades , all running Linux and based on dual - core Opteron processors from Advanced Micro Devices Inc .
In addition , the stock exchange is using HP 's Integrity NonStop servers , which are based on Intel Corp .'s Itanium processors and run the fault - tolerant NonStop OS operating system , as well as its OpenView management software .
Rubinow said that Linux is mature enough to meet his needs .
The open - source operating system may not have all the polish of Unix technologies with 20 - plus years of history behind them , " but it 's polished enough for us , " he said .
The NYSE 's shift toward Linux and x86 - based hardware illustrates why consulting firm Gartner Inc. is predicting a slight decline in Unix server revenues over the next five years .
In comparison , Gartner forecasts strong sales growth for both Windows and Linux servers .
Although Rubinow has the option of using HP - UX , HP 's version of Unix , he said that he 'd prefer not to .
" We do n't want to be closely aligned with proprietary Unix , " he said .
" No offense to HP - UX , but we feel the same way about [ IBM's ] AIX , and we feel the same way to some extent about Solaris . "
The NYSE still runs numerous Unix systems , especially ones with Solaris , which is Sun Microsystems Inc. 's Unix derivative .
Rubinow acknowledged that Solaris has the ability to run on multiple hardware platforms , including x86 - based systems from Sun server rivals such as HP .
But he added that he thinks Linux " affords us a lot of flexibility . "
One technology that the NYSE is n't adopting so eagerly is server virtualization , which comes with a system latency price that Rubinow said he can't afford to pay .
In a system that is processing hundreds of thousands of transactions per second , virtualization produces " a noticeable overhead " that can slow down throughput , according to Rubinow .
" Virtualization is not a free technology from a latency perspective , so we do n't use it in the core of what we do , " he said .
Charles King , an analyst at Pund - IT Inc. in Hayward , Calif. , believes there is a broader concern among IT managers about virtualization overhead and its impact on transaction processing .
" It 's one of the reasons why even the staunchest advocates of x86 virtualization recommend extensive testing prior to moving systems into production , " King said .
Copyright 2007 IDG News Service .
All Rights Reserved .
Regions colored in brown represent established and emerging regions of industrialization about 1850 .
References Industrialization in Europe c. 1850 from companion website for Civilization Past and Present , Ninth Edition , by Palmira Brummett and Robert Edgar .
, Ninth Edition , by Palmira Brummett and Robert Edgar .
Industry & Agriculture in the North & South , 1860 from Maps.com .
Map is a Mercator projection that exaggerates the size of areas far from the equator .
Global Maps of Human Technological Development
OOHHHHH .
Applications where there are no " domain " objects to map the relational model to .
So why did you ask " what " earlier for ?
But again and again I see people create a class with nothing but private variables and getters and setters in order to hold rows of data from a table .
Probably cause they thinking DTOs .
But to be honest , having things in a bean is much better than passing recordsets around and dealing with them in their raw format EVERYWHERE .
Been there .
Done that .
The same goes for XML , at least the dealing part .
Yeah .
Would n't want to code anything in an application . :)
Seriously , how does it limit you ?
The phrase " What would like like to apply it to " does n't make sense to me .
As a prolific typoist I would normally try to interpolate but I am unsure of what you meant .
My best guesses do n't make sense to me in the context of our conversation .
I find myself maintaining an application that executes a stored procedure and maps the result rows into a bean .
Then the bean fields are written to xml and the bean is garbage .
The bean is completely extraneous .
It adds no value and means that every new implementation of this kind of operation will require some code to be written and deployed .
We have another application in it 's second design cycle .
The idea is to create a consistent interface for users to configure the hundreds of tables containing codes and options and other business specific things that change all the time .
The original implementation uses Cayenne , which is like Hibernate , just crappier .
One of the main goals was to make it very easy to create new screens because the development team has has been bogged down with the maintenance of these tables and their interfaces .
The problem is that Cayenne requires a new class for each screen and a bunch of XML and other developer tasks .
In effect , Cayenne defeats much of the purpose of the tool .
Now we are in the second design and I believe it will be built on Hibernate .
I do n't really see that the fundamental issue will be solved .
Unless I 'm mistaken , you still need at at least a bean ( just like Cayenne ) and usually some XML .
I developed a prototype of an application to do the same thing where new screens did not require any new code .
The screens were added purely through configuration .
But we are not going with that approach because Hibernate is what is used to develop Java database applications .
As to the rest of your response .
I 'm not sure what you are arguing about .
Hibernate has a specific problem space that it fits into well .
My point is that it 's considered a one - stop solution for any database connected application .
Any suggestion that this is not the case goes against what I see on a daily basis .
I think there are many Java developers who already cannot write a Java database application without Hibernate and the numbers will surely grow .
An Aids vaccine might never be found , claims one of the world 's leading experts on the disease .
David Baltimore , a Nobel laureate , said the complexity of the disease means scientists are no closer to a vaccine today than when they discovered the link to HIV more than 25 years ago .
Baltimore , a biologist at the California Institute of Technology , was awarded the Nobel prize for medicine in 1975 for discovering an enzyme that was later discovered to be the key reproductive mechanism used by the virus known as HIV .
As president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , Baltimore used the opening address of the organisation 's annual meeting in Boston , in the US , yesterday to highlight the " sad topic " of the search for the Aids vaccine .
When HIV was linked to Aids in the early 1980s scientists were convinced a vaccine would be around the corner .
Baltimore said : " We 've been working on that vaccine since then and we are no closer to a vaccine now than we were then . "
He led a panel of experts in 1986 which concluded that , given the complexity of the problem , an Aids vaccine was at least 10 years away .
" I still think an Aids vaccine is 10 years away , " he said .
He added : " You are quite within bounds to ask , if it 's been 10 years away for 20 years , does that mean it 's really never going to happen ?
There are people saying it will never happen . "
The latest disappointment came last year , after a trial of a promising vaccine by the pharmaceutical company Merck was halted when some recipients were left more prone to HIV .
Baltimore 's own work involves using a combination of gene therapy , stem cells and immunology .
" HIV has found ways to totally fool the immune system so we 've got to do one better than nature because nature just does n't work in this circumstance . "
But he cautioned that there was still a lot to do .
" I do n't want to pretend that we have found the route to a new vaccine . "
In his address Baltimore also attacked George Bush 's record on science .
" There has been an attempt to suppress government scientists from speaking out , there has been control of what scientists can go to scientific meetings and give talks - something totally unknown to us in previous years .
That kind of attempt to control scientific information will , I hope , end with the Bush administration . "
By Helen Briggs
Science reporter , BBC News , Boston
Tiny machines could roam the body curing diseases
Humanity is on the brink of advances that will see tiny robots implanted in people 's brains to make them more intelligent , said Ray Kurzweil .
The engineer believes machines and humans will eventually merge through devices implanted in the body to boost intelligence and health .
" It 's really part of our civilisation , " Mr Kurzweil explained .
" But that 's not going to be an alien invasion of intelligent machines to displace us . "
Machines were already doing hundreds of things humans used to do , at human levels of intelligence or better , in many different areas , he said .
Man versus machine
" I 've made the case that we will have both the hardware and the software to achieve human level artificial intelligence with the broad suppleness of human intelligence including our emotional intelligence by 2029 , " he said .
We 'll have intelligent nanobots go into our brains ... to make us smarter
Ray Kurzweil
" We 're already a human machine civilisation ; we use our technology to expand our physical and mental horizons and this will be a further extension of that . "
Humans and machines would eventually merge , by means of devices embedded in people 's bodies to keep them healthy and improve their intelligence , predicted Mr Kurzweil .
" We 'll have intelligent nanobots go into our brains through the capillaries and interact directly with our biological neurons , " he told BBC News .
CHALLENGES FACING HUMANITY
Make solar energy affordable Provide energy from fusion Develop carbon sequestration Manage the nitrogen cycle Provide access to clean water Reverse engineer the brain Prevent nuclear terror Secure cyberspace Enhance virtual reality Improve urban infrastructure Advance health informatics Engineer better medicines Advance personalised learning Explore natural frontiers
The nanobots , he said , would " make us smarter , remember things better and automatically go into full emergent virtual reality environments through the nervous system " .
Mr Kurzweil is one of 18 influential thinkers chosen to identify the great technological challenges facing humanity in the 21st century by the US National Academy of Engineering .
The experts include Google founder Larry Page and genome pioneer Dr Craig Venter .
The 14 challenges were announced at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Boston , which concludes on Monday .
Nogales , Mexico : Crosses representing migrants who died trying to cross the Arizona desert on the fence which marks the border with the US
Photograph : Alexandre Meneghini /AP
Some problems crop up in Florida vote Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday January 29 , 2008
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This Critics not yet raising major alarms A handful of Florida voters are reporting technical glitches and other problems in counties using touch - screen voting machines .
Early reports indicated the problems were small , and critics of the machines so far have not raised major alarms .
The office of Rep. Robert Wexler , a south - Florida Democrat who is a leading critic of touch - screen machines , received only a few complaints Tuesday morning and passed those concerns along to the state 's supervisor or elections , a spokeswoman tells RAW STORY .
But so far the congressman and his staff do not see large - scale problems developing .
" We have n't been getting flooded with calls , " said the spokeswoman , who works in Wexler 's DC office but is not authorized to speak on the record .
Two people called his Florida offices and one call was received in Washington , she said .
" If we 'd started to get calls from lots of constituents ... we'd be all over it , " she added .
After Tuesday 's election , Palm Beach County , part of which Wexler represents , will phase out its touch - screen machines in favor of paper optical - scan ballots .
Florida news outlets reported some delays in opening polling places and malfunctioning machines in at least one precinct .
" There has been a major failure of the voting , at least at this precinct .
...
None of the machines worked , " Rabbi Richard Yellin , who was first in line at his polling place in Boynton Beach , told the South Florida Sun-Sentinel .
Yellin said he had to leave the precinct to attend a service at his synagogue and planned to return later in the day .
The Palm Beach Post documented glitches at other polling locations as well .
Someone mistakenly shut down voting machines at a precinct in Delray Beach and another polling place in Boynton Beach opened nearly an hour late , according to the paper .
The Palm Beach County elections supervisor , Arthur Anderson , pronounced himself a " satisfied customer " after what he said was a smooth vote at his own polling place , but reporters had to take his word for it . " [ U ] nlike his predecessor , former Elections Supervisor Theresa LePore , Anderson would not allow reporters to follow him into the polling place to verify that the machines had all been booted and to observe any problems voters might be having , " the Post 's Ron Hayes reported .
" He insisted journalists remain 150 feet from the polling place , although that demarcation was not clearly marked outside . "
MSNBC 's Kerry Sanders reported a " minor irritation " for voters at a half - dozen polling places in Broward County , when voting machines failed to read voters ' drivers licenses to verify their identities .
The machines have been repaired , and elections officials told Sanders that voters had the opportunity to vote , although they had to wait longer than expected .
In Dade County , touch - screen systems also caused a few problems , Sanders reported .
Computer chips voters have to be inserted into the machines , but some voters were given chips that did not properly register which party 's primary they wished to vote in .
" Minor problems , " Sanders said .
" Certainly not the problems we 've seen in Florida in years past . "
Boeing ’s new 787 Dreamliner , due to enter service in November 2008 , packs a load of innovations in an attempt to fend off competition from its rival , Airbus .
Touting exceptional fuel efficiency as its main draw for buyers , the 787 also includes numerous new features to improve passenger experience : larger seats , windows , and luggage bins ; better control of air pressure and quality ; “ calm ” lighting , and eventually even Internet access !
Those folks at Boeing thought of everything !
Except for security , that is .
The network that provides user connections to the Internet is also connected to the plane ’s control and navigation systems , as well as the business and administrative support network for the airline .
Boeing insists that the networks are only “ loosely connected ” :
Boeing spokeswoman Lori Gunter explained that although data can pass between the two networks , protections already in place make sure that passenger internet services are blocked from accessing maintenance data or the navigation system “ under any circumstance ” .
Uh huh .
No way no how no h4xx0r is gonna get into our network .
We ’ve heard that one before .
Fortunately , the FAA sees it our way , and Boeing is planning to modify this arrangement to include “ physical separation of the networks and software firewalls as well as more proprietary airline - specific technologies . ”
The first two should be effective .
Proprietary technology , on the other hand , only achieves security through obscurity — in other words , it only gives you that warm and fuzzy feeling of security without actually doing anything to hamper the skills of elite network crackers .
As Mark Loveless of Autonomic Networks said :
This is n’t a desktop computer .
It ’s controlling the systems that are keeping people from plunging to their deaths .
So I hope they are really thinking about how to get this right .
I do n’t know about you , but I think I ’d like to wait for version 2 .
When American Idol also - ran Kellie Pickler appeared on Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader ?... well , she did n't do very well .
Let 's just leave it at that .
Here 's the climax of her tenure on the show , in all its grisly detail :
Help support this site by playing our strategy games Lux Delux and Lux Alliance !
The US government argued vehemently yesterday in District Court that government contractors engaged in confidential activities are covered by the controversial state secrets doctrine to the extent that litigation would require disclosure of government secrets .
The state secrets document is a common law doctrine that the American Supreme Court officially recognized in 1953 , in an unfortunate negligence case involving the widows of American servicemen killed in an Air Force accident .
The Air Force claimed that the servicemen were on a top secret mission involving electronic equipment , and that the entire mission was therefore protected .
The Supreme Court agreed , and the lawsuit was dismissed , although declassified documents later revealed that the “ electronics equipment ” never existed , and that the accident resulted from a faulty engine - exactly the kind of factual issue that was the central to the case .
Enter the Cheney administration , which has invoked the state secrets doctrine more than every administration combined in the 45 years since its inception .
The rendition issue has been covered extensively , argued in open congressional hearings , and commented upon publicly by numerous administration officials .
But the administration has drawn a hard line in the case , Mohamed et al. v. Jeppesen ( the defendant is a Boeing subsidiary , in an effort to strangle this important case in its infancy , and prevent the establishment of any kind of awkward precedent .
Conspiracy theorists will also note that under this aggressive posture , favored contractors conspiring in all manner of dodgy administration activities are spared potentially painful American civil damage awards .
There is ample circumstantial evidence of Jeppesen 's involvement in rendition flights that is part of the public record , including European flight plans and admissions by friendly governments and company executives – and there are , of course , the first person accounts of the five plaintiffs .
One Jeppesen executive shocked a confused group of Jeppesen newbies when he started bragging at a company function about how lucrative the " torture flights " had turned out to be .
Justice Department attorney Michael Abate told U.S. District Judge James
Ware , that the existence of the program was still officially confidential , and that " without the ( confidential ) information in question , this case cannot be litigated " .
The case , which we 've covered here in the past , has been brought on behalf of the five plaintiffs by the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) ; and Ben Wizner , the ACLU attorney arguing the case in San Jose , strenuously disagreed with Abate .
He observed that the state secrets doctrine has been used as a nuclear option by the current administration , and that dismissal , would mean that " no court will ever be able to say whether the program is legal . "
The gist of the argument went thus : how can the government make a public argument about the importance of the program while at the same time shielding the program from judicial review ?
The extensive recent coverage of American torture outsourcing has made many Americans uncomfortable , although in some form or another it has existed for quite some time – the twist introduced by the Clinton administration , and wholeheartedly embraced by enthusiasts in the current administration , has been the aggressive use of kidnapping , rather than , say , turning over foreign nationals captured on the battlefield .
Of course , the whole world ’s the battlefield , they would have us believe - and outsourcing to unaccountable American contractors is just part of the game . ®
President Putin told the State Council he was not happy with Nato
Putin comments
In a nationally - televised speech , he condemned Nato 's expansion and the US plan to include Poland and the Czech Republic in a missile defence shield .
" It is already clear that a new phase in the arms race is unfolding in the world , " Mr Putin said .
" It is not our fault , because we did not start it , " he said .
Russia has , and always will have , responses to these new challenges
Vladimir Putin
Russian President
Mr Putin was speaking less than a month before Russians elect his successor .
In his speech , to the State Council - Russia 's top politicians , officials and generals - he said other countries were spending far more than Russia on new weapons .
But Russia would always respond to the challenges of a new arms race by developing more hi-tech weaponry , he said .
Military muscle
Referring to Nato 's activities in Central and Eastern Europe , Mr Putin said " there are many discussions on these , but ... we have still not seen any real steps towards finding a compromise " .
" In effect , we are forced to retaliate , to take corresponding decisions .
Russia has , and always will have , responses to these new challenges , " he said .
Russia has been using oil revenues to bolster its military
In December , Russia said it was planning naval exercises in the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean .
It has also resumed long - range patrols by its bomber aircraft .
The practice was suspended after the collapse of the Soviet Union and was revived last August , as part of a more assertive foreign policy pursued by President Putin .
Higher oil prices have enabled Russia to re-invest in its armed forces , but its military capabilities remain far below what they were during the Soviet era .
The BBC's World Affairs correspondent Nick Childs says Mr Putin 's language will add to growing worries in the West about Russia 's new assertiveness .
Our correspondent says there was a time when Moscow appeared weakened , short of money , preoccupied with domestic problems , and relatively passive in terms of foreign policy .
But he says it is clear that Mr Putin is sending a none - too - subtle message that Russia is back on the international stage .
U.S. ( TGW ) - Only 12 % of Republicans are concerned about global warming , according to a new Pew Research Center poll .
That is 11 % less than when the poll was conducted 1 year ago .
In contrast , 47 % of Democrats view dealing with global warming as a ' top priority ' .
That is one less percent than last year .
Why so few concerned about global warming ?
The poll suggests many have serious concerns about what are perceived as immediate problems : the economy , the Iraq war and healthcare .
Via :: Pew Research Center
Let me teach you how to work efficiently with command line history in bash .
This tutorial comes with a downloadable cheat sheet that summarizes ( and expands on ) topics covered in this guide .
Download PDF cheat sheet : bash - history - cheat - sheet.pdf
Download ASCII cheat sheet : bash - history - cheat - sheet.
txt
Download TEX cheat sheet : bash - history - cheat - sheet.
tex
In case you are a first time reader , this is the 3rd part of the article series on working efficiently in bourne again shell .
Previously I have written on how to work efficiently in vi and emacs command editing modes by using predefined keyboard shortcuts ( both articles come with cheat sheets of predefined shortcuts ) .
First , lets review some basic keyboard shortcuts for navigating around previously typed commands .
As you remember , bash offers two modes for command editing - emacs mode and vi mode .
In each of these editing modes the shortcuts for retrieving history are different .
Suppose you had executed the following commands :
$ echo foo bar baz $ iptables - L - n - v -t nat $ ... lots and lots more commands $ echo foo foo foo $ perl - wle ' print q/ hello world / ' $ awk - F : '{ print$ 1} ' /etc / passwd $
and you wanted to execute the last command ( awk - F ... ) .
You could certainly hit the up arrow and live happily along , but do you really want to move your hand that far away ?
If you are in emacs mode just try CTRL - p which fetches the previous command from history list ( CTRL -n for the next command ) .
In vi mode try CTRL -[ ( or ESC ) ( to switch to command mode ) and ' h ' ( ' j ' for the next command ) .
There is another , equally quick , way to do that by using bash 's history expansion mechanism - event designators .
Typing '!!' will execute the previous command ( more about event designators later ) .
Now , suppose that you wanted to execute ' iptables - L -n - v -t nat ' command again without retyping it .
A naive user would , again , just keep hitting up - arrow key until he / she finds the command .
But that 's not the way hackers work .
Hackers love to work quickly and efficiently .
Forget about arrow keys and page - up , page - down , home and end keys .
They are completely useless and , as I said , they are too far off from the main part of the keyboard anyway .
In emacs mode try CTRL-r and type a few first letters of ' iptables ' , like ' ipt ' .
That will display the last iptables command you executed .
In case you had more than one iptables commands executed in between , hitting CTRL -r again will display older entries .
In case you miss the right command and move too deep into history list , you can reverse the search direction by hitting CTRL -s ( do n't forget that by default CTRL -s stops the output to the terminal and you 'll get an effect of " frozen " terminal ( hit CTRL -q to " unfreeze " ) , see stty command to change this behavior ) .
In vi mode the same CTRL-r and CTRL -s still work but there is another way more specific to vi mode .
Switch to command mode by hitting CTRL -[ or ESC and hit '/' , then type a first few characters of ' iptables ' command , like ' ipt ' and hit return .
Bash will display the most recent match found in history .
To navigate around use ' n ' or just plain '/ ' to repeat the search in the same direction , and ' N ' or ' ? ' to repeat the search in opposite direction !
With event designators you may execute only the most recently executed command matching ( or starting with ) ' string ' .
Try '! iptables ' history expansion command which refers to the most recent command starting with ' iptables ' .
Another way is to use bash 's built in ' history ' command then grep for a string of interest and finally use an event designator in form '! N ' , where N is an integer which refers to N - th command in command history list .
For example ,
$ history | grep ' ipt ' 2 iptables - L -n - v -t nat $ ! 2 # will execute the iptables command
I remembered another way to execute N - th command in history list in vi editing mode .
Type ' N ' ( command number ) and then ' G ' , in this example ' 2 G '
Listing and Erasing Command History
Bash provides a built - in command ' history ' for viewing and erasing command history .
Suppose that we are still working with the same example :
$ echo foo bar baz $ iptables - L - n - v -t nat $ ... lots and lots more commands $ echo foo foo foo $ perl - wle ' print q/ hello world / ' $ awk - F : '{ print$ 1} ' /etc / passwd $
Typing ' history ' will display all the commands in bash history alongside with line numbers :
1 echo foo bar baz 2 iptables - L - n - v -t nat ... lots and lots more commands 568 echo foo foo foo 569 perl - wle ' print q/ hello world / ' 570 awk - F : '{ print$ 1} '
/etc / passwd
Typing ' history N' , where N is an integer , will display the last N commands in the history .
For example , ' history 3 ' will display :
568 echo foo foo foo 569 perl - wle ' print q/hello world / ' 570 awk - F : '{ print$ 1} '
/etc / passwd
history -c will clear the history list and history -d N will delete a history entry N .
By default , the history list is kept in user 's home directory in a file '. bash_history ' .
History Expansion
History expansion is done via so - called event designators and word designators .
Event designators can be used to recall previously executed commands ( events ) and word designators can be used to extract command line arguments from the events .
Optionally , various modifiers can be applied to the extracted arguments .
Event designators are special commands that begin with a '!' ( there is also one that begins with a ' ^ ' ) , they may follow a word designator and one or more modifiers .
Event designators , word designators and modifiers are separated by a colon ':'.
Event Designators
Lets look at a couple of examples to see how the event designators work .
Event designator '!!' can be used to refer to the previous command , for example ,
$ echo foo bar baz foo bar baz $ !!
foo bar baz
Here the '!!' executed the previous ' echo foo bar baz ' command .
Event designator '! N ' can be used to refer to the N - th command .
Suppose you listed the history and got the following output :
1 echo foo foo foo 2 iptables - L - n - v -t nat ... lots and lots more commands 568 echo bar bar bar 569 perl - wle ' print q/ hello world / ' 570 awk - F : '{ print$ 1} '
/etc / passwd
Then the event designator '! 569 ' will execute ' perl ...' command , and '! 1 ' will execute ' echo foo foo foo ' command !
Event designator '!- N ' refers to current command line minus N. For example ,
$ echo foo bar baz foo bar baz $ echo a b c d e a b c d e $ ! - 2 foo bar baz
Here the event designator '! - 2 ' executed a one before the previous command , or current command line minus 2 .
Event designator '! string ' refers to the most recent command starting with ' string ' .
For example ,
$ awk -- help $ perl -- help
Then the event designator '! p ' or '! perl ' or '! per ' will execute the ' perl -- help ' command .
Similarly , '! a ' will execute the awk command .
An event designator '!? string ? ' refers to a command line containing ( not necessarily starting with ) ' string ' .
Perhaps the most interesting event designator is the one in form ' ^ string1 ^string2 ^ ' which takes the last command , replaces string1 with string2 and executes it .
For example ,
$ ehco foo bar baz bash : ehco : command not found $ ^ehco^echo^ foo bar baz
Here the ' ^ehco^echo^ ' designator replaced the incorrectly typed ' ehco ' command with the correct ' echo ' command and executed it .
Word Designators and Modifiers
Word designators follow event designators separated by a colon .
They are used to refer to some or all of the parameters on the command referenced by event designator .
For example ,
$ echo a b c d e a b c d e $ echo !!:2 b
This is the simplest form of a word designator .
' : 2 ' refers to the 2nd argument of the command ( 3rd word ) .
In general ': N ' refers to Nth argument of the command ( ( N+1 ) - th word ) .
Word designators also accept ranges , for example ,
$ echo a b c d e a b c d e $ echo !!:3 - 4 c d
There are various shortcuts , such as , ' : $ ' to refer to the last argument , ' : ^ ' to refer to the first argument , ' :*' to refer to all the arguments ( synonym to ' : 1 - $ ' ) , and others .
See the cheat sheet for a complete list .
Modifiers can be used to modify the behavior of a word designators .
For example :
$ tar - xvzf software - 1.0.tgz software - 1.0 / file ... $ cd !!:$ :r software - 1.0 $
Here the 'r ' modifier was applied to a word designator which picked the last argument from the previous command line .
The 'r ' modifier removed the trailing suffix '.tgz ' .
The 'h ' modifier removes the trailing pathname component , leaving the head :
$ echo /usr / local / apache /usr / local / apache $ echo !!:$:h /usr / local
The 'e ' modifier removes all but the trailing suffix :
$ ls - la /usr / src/ software -4.2.messy - Extension ... $ echo /usr / src/*!!:$:e /usr /src/*.messy-Extension # ls could have been used instead of echo
Another interesting modifier is the substitute ': s/old/new / ' modifier which substitutes new for old .
It can be used in conjunction with ' g ' modifier to do global substitution .
For example ,
$ ls /urs/local / software - 4.2 /urs/local/software-4.3 /usr/ bin/ls : /urs/local/software-4.2 :
No such file or directory /usr / bin/ls : /urs/local / software - 4.3 :
No such file or directory $ !!:gs/urs/usr/ ...
This example replaces all occurances of ' urs ' to ' usr ' and makes the command correct .
There are a few other modifiers , such as ' p ' modifier which prints the resulting command after history expansion but does not execute it .
See the cheat sheet for all of the modifiers .
Modifying History Behavior
Bash allows you to modify which commands get stored in the history list , the file where they get stored , the number of commands that get stored , and a few other options .
These options are controlled by setting HISTFILE , HISTFILESIZE , HISTIGNORE and HISTSIZE environment variables .
HISTFILE , as the name suggests , controls where the history file gets saved .
For example ,
$ export HISTFILE=/home/ pkrumins/todays_history
will save the commands to a file / home / pkrumins / todays_history
Set it to / dev / null or unset it to avoid getting your history list saved .
HISTFILESIZE controls how many history commands to keep in HISTFILE .
For example ,
$ export HISTFILESIZE=1000
will keep the last 1000 history commands .
HISTSIZE controls how many history commands to keep in the history list of current session .
For example ,
$ export HISTSIZE=42
will keep 42 last commands in the history of current session .
If this number is less than HISTFILESIZE , only that many commands will get written to HISTFILE .
HISTIGNORE controls the items which get ignored and do not get saved .
This variable takes a list of colon separated patterns .
Pattern ' &' ( ampersand ) is special in a sense that it matches the previous history command .
There is a trick to make history ignore the commands which begin with a space .
The pattern for that is " [ ] * "
For example ,
$ export HISTIGNORE = " & :[ ]*: exit "
will make bash ignore duplicate commands , commands that begin with a space , and the ' exit ' command .
There are several other options of interest controlled by the built - in ' shopt ' command .
The options may be set by specifying ' - s ' parameter to the ' shopt ' command , and may be unset by specifying ' - u ' parameter .
Option ' histappend ' controls how the history list gets written to HISTFILE , setting the option will append history list of current session to HISTFILE , unsetting it ( default ) will make HISTFILE get overwritten each time .
For example , to set this option , type :
$ shopt -s histappend
And to unset it , type :
$ shopt -u histappend
Option ' histreedit ' allows users to re-edit a failed history substitution .
For example , suppose you had typed :
$ echo foo bar baz
and wanted to substitute ' baz ' for ' test ' with the ^baz^test^ event designator , but you made a mistake and typed ^boo^test^ .
This would lead to a substitution failure because the previous command does not contain string ' boo ' .
If you had this option turned on , bash would put the erroneous ^baz^test^ event designator back on the command line as if you had typed it again .
Finally , option ' histverify ' allows users to verify a substituted history expansion .
Based on the previous example , suppose you wanted to execute that ' echo ' command again by using the ' !!' event designator .
If you had this option on , bash would not execute the ' echo ' command immediately but would first put it on command line so that you could see if it had made the correct substitution .
Tuning the Command Prompt
Here is how my command prompt looks :
Wed Jan 30@07:07:03 pkrumins@catonmat:1002:2 : ~$
The first line displays the date and time the command prompt was displayed so I could keep track of commands back in time .
The second line displays username , hostname , global history number and current command number .
The global history number allows me to quickly use event designators .
My PS1 , primary prompt display variable looks like this :
PS1='\d@\t
\u@\h :\!:\#:\w$ '
Bash History Cheat Sheet
For your convenience , here 's the bash history cheat sheet one more time .
This cheat sheet includes :
History editing keyboard shortcuts ( emacs and vi mode )
History expansion summary - event designators , word designators and modifiers
Shell variables and `shopt ' options to modify history behavior
Examples
It 's available in three formats :
See you next time !
Iowa Mom Gets Probation for Attempting to Sell 4 - Year - Old Son to Pay for Wedding Dress
Friday , December 07 , 2007
ADVERTISEMENT
DAVENPORT , Iowa —
Marcy Gant , 32 , was convicted in October of purchase or sale of an individual and could have been sentenced up to 10 years in prison .
Gant was arrested in October 2006 after offering her son to a retailer to settle a $ 200 bill for the dress .
Police said Gant offered the trade at least twice .
Gant 's sons , ages 4 and 10 at the time , have been removed from the home by Iowa Department of Human Services .
Prosecutor Julie Walton requested prison time for Gant , citing " out - of - control behavior " fueled by alcoholism .
Lauren Phelps ,
Gant 's attorney , requested probation .
" She 's making better choices , " Phelps said , saying she is keeping in touch with her children and maintaining a stable residence .
" She 's doing things she needs to do . "
Gant will have to follow several special provisions , including bans on alcohol and contacting the prosecution 's main witness in the case .
Gant also will have to submit to random tests for drugs and alcohol , follow the advice of mental health professionals and attend two Alcoholics Anonymous meetings a week , Scott County District Judge James Kelley ruled .
Gant could be sent to prison for up to 10 years if she violates the order .
The Clone Wars takes place before the events of Revenge of the Sith
A film version of Star Wars : The Clone Wars will open in the US on 15 August , followed by a TV series in the autumn .
" I felt there were a lot more stories left to tell , " creator George Lucas said .
" I was eager to start telling some of them through animation . "
The cartoon version takes place between events in the Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith films , and features familiar faces with new characters .
The half - hour , computer - animated series is an expansion of a 2003 series of three - minute shorts broadcast on TV and the web .
' Breakthrough project '
The Clone Wars will feature such familiar protagonists as Anakin Skywalker , Obi-Wan Kenobi and Padme Amidala .
George Lucas is also developing a live - action Star Wars TV series
Dan Fellman of Warner Bros described The Clone Wars as " a breakthrough project " that would " return Star Wars to the big screen in a completely new way " .
" We immediately felt that it would be a fantastic theatrical event . "
Release dates for the film outside the US will be announced soon , as will broadcast details for the TV series .
10/12/2007
Time to go down to the cellar Europe cannot continue to ignore Ukraine 's buried history .
By Oksana Zabuzhko
In the fall of 2006 , Ukrainian television carried an extremely popular series on corruption , in which there was one particularly illuminating segment .
It dealt with the construction of a protective mantle , a so - called " sarcophagus , " for the notorious Reactor 4 at the Chernobyl nuclear power station , which exploded back in 1986 .
With the aid of the international community , the new mantle was supposed to be finished by 2007 , but it is still unclear when it will be actually be completed – if ever .
The TV screen showed a discussion among three outwardly West European - seeming businessmen ( rather than any variety of mafioso ) in the office of the director of the Chernobyl station .
Each of the three spoke Russian with a different accent – hardly unusual , since in Ukraine everyone speaks Russian with an accent , including Ukrainian - born members of the country 's Russian minority .
The one foreigner in the trio was easy to identify ; he was the representative of a German service company for the nuclear industry .
This gentleman instructed his Ukrainian colleagues on how to set up a costing plan for the construction of a radioactive waste disposal plant and how to submit an application to the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development for 20 million euros for the project – from which he promised to transfer 500,000 euros directly to the bank accounts of the other two men .
The German rustled his papers , explained the procedure , cited figures , while the startled Ukrainians groaned " Oh God ! "
The scene felt almost biblical , the ancient theme of temptation by lesser demons .
The TV segment unfortunately broke off abruptly , and the proposed criminal activity was never carried out because something went wrong at the German end of things .
Later in the same broadcast the director of the Chernobyl plant ( he was the one who had groaned the loudest ) confirmed nervously that " Yes , such a conversation had taken place . "
But in another segment of the programme , the head of the European Commission 's office in Ukraine refused to be interviewed on EU involvement in the corruption affair .
He cut an impressive figure , quick , lean , with an intelligent face , scrunched up eyes , ironic tone , a hint of condescension – one could n't help thinking of Church cardinals in El Greco paintings – and , speaking more or less out of the corner of his mouth , said : " No comment . "
" No comment ? " asked the journalist irritatedly .
" No comment , " confirmed the European Commission official smilingly in a demonstration of power .
It was a triumph of indifference .
Who were we , after all , that he should feel he owed us a reply , much less a justification ( how presumptuous ! ) .
To be honest about it , I rather enjoyed the scene , because it struck me as a replay of a scene in my latest novel , in which the heroine , a journalist , experiences what all not - yet - fully - hardened journalists experience in a world dominated by irresponsible men of power .
There is , however , a " but . "
From a psychological perspective , the irresponsibility of the governing forces in the Ukraine is seen primarily as a purely national problem , as the burdensome legacy of the Soviet past and the growing pains of a still - young democracy .
That is why Ukrainian viewers were so disturbed by the revelation that , even within the borders of the European Union , the representatives of " mature " European democracies sometimes behave like our own Ukrainian mafiosi .
Which prompted the moderator of the TV programme to comment , in a voice laden with a childlike sense of insult : " The corruption in Ukraine is really a nasty business , but the corruption in the EU – well , of course that 's a horse of a different colour .
Right ? "
The depth of the disappointment can only be understood if one comprehends the magnitude of the " myth of Europe " in the Ukrainian consciousness .
Nowhere else in Europe has that myth played such a vital role in the crystallization of a national identity – except perhaps for the Balkans , in this respect a parallel by no means accidental .
In the history of the Ukraine like that of the Balkan states , there was always a latent threat from the Ottoman Empire .
In the mid-17th century , hostilities on two fronts – with Turkey and with Poland – forced Ukraine to forge a military alliance with the Grand Principality of Moscow , as a result of which Ukraine at least secured much - prized access to the sea .
But the price for this was high , too high as it turned out :
The beginnings of Ukraine 's constitutional development were nipped in the bud , and at the end of the 18th century Ukraine also lost its political autonomy .
In the subsequent two centuries , with the exception of its western territories , Ukraine was part of the Russian Empire , with Ukrainians playing a significant role in the Empire 's structural formation .
Indeed , the concept of Kiev's " formative mission " in the Russian Empire was promulgated by Ukrainian scholars in the 17th century ( and a weak echo of that idea may still be found in the works of the Ukrainian author who writes in Russian , Nikolai Gogol ) .
But the " mission " ended and Ukraine became a colonial province of Russia , a reservoir of human and natural resources .
The concept of " a return to Europe and a return to itself " ran like a red thread through the Ukrainian national rebirth in the 19th and 20th centuries .
That is to say , a return to its formerly unrealised constitution , to the " rights and freedoms of the Third Estate " denied it by the Russian Empire , to an elected government , to all those things that survived only as " myths " in the Industrial Age .
And most particularly a return to the sense that " we were once free Cossacks " ( the Zaporog Cossacks of the Dnieper Basin were organized in the 16th century as the eastern outpost of the Maltese Order against the Ottoman Empire , and probably continue to play a more important role in Ukrainians ' cultural self - image than does medieval knighthood in that of West Europeans ) .
Thus in the minds of modern Ukrainians ( regardless of whether they have ever personally visited Central or Western Europe ) the " myth of Europe " continues to constitute a kind of " paradise lost " – a place where justice and prosperity reign and where human rights are honored , with liberté , egalité , fraternité waving in the breeze like an invisible banner .
We Ukrainians were once banished from that paradise , but now , like our neighbours the Poles and the Balts , we want to return home .
This , or something very similar , is what a Kiev businessman , a student from the Don Basin , a taxi driver from Lemberg or a dock worker from Odessa would say .
That is why Western comments in which our " Orange Revolution " is seen as the result of our " newly awakened , pro-Western orientation " always make me smile a bit .
I am 120 % certain that the " orientation " of the millions of people who went out into the streets in November 2004 to demand fair elections was , in fact , purely Ukrainian .
During that autumn we thought about the West no more than the West thought about us .
Yet it turned out that the values for which those people were ready , without exaggeration , to put their lives on the line – namely , freedom , equality for all before the law , and the right to determine our own country 's future – that those values " just happened " to coincide with the fundamental values of the established European democracies .
In other words , our intellectual traditions of the 19th and 20th centuries , which despite prison and the gulag had remained firmly fixed in Ukraine 's character as part of the European cultural landscape , are still very much alive today .
I am not naive enough to believe that this is sufficient grounds for rapid Ukrainian accession to the European Union .
And anyway , I am concerned with a very different question :
To what extent is today 's EU not only limited to the borders of the Schengen Agreements , but also guarantees for that cultural landscape a reliable political climate , which also represents my spiritual sphere ?
Perhaps , in the final analysis , it is a good thing if the Ukraine must first " mature " in order to fulfill all the standards and conditions of EU membership .
Perhaps it will turn out in the course of that intervening time that the European myth exists only in the romantic imagination of European provincials and that neither in Rome ( the law ) , Canossa ( morality ) nor Paris ( liberte , egalite , fraternite – yessir ! ) do people seriously believe in Rome , Canossa or Paris .
Perhaps it will turn out that European cultural identity has long since been trampled into the ground by an army of cynical politicians and business people who clearly and comfortably divide Europe into a drawing room , where etiquette demands that everyone keep their buttons firmly buttoned , and the hallway outside , where people can let themselves go and everything is permitted that is forbidden in the drawing room .
Quickly forgetting one 's principles for example and suggesting to the natives : " Look , we 'll steal a few million from our taxpayers , and of course you 'll get a piece of the pie too , but do n't forget one that it 's okay for you to be corrupt out in the hallway , but for us in the drawing room it 's considered indecent even to mention the word . "
In other words : Is Europe 's culture still in a position to exert a positive influence on political realities ?
I have a strong suspicion that the future of democracy in the 21st century is more or less dependent on the answer to that question , and this applies to " mature " and " young " democracies alike .
You can no longer establish closed societies in today 's world .
In Ukraine , European mishaps are felt with uncommon intensity , like a garish streak of oil paint on a pale pastel sketch .
It is worth noting that a good two years after the " Orange Revolution " ( which , I gladly repeat , was primarily a cultural phenomenon , a movement of moral protest , a struggle over values ) , Ukraine 's political elite is allowing all " Orange " values to disappear right before the eyes of an astounded public , like some conjurer at a country fair .
This Gogolian grotesquerie naturally leaps out at you , like that streak of oil paint , whereas the pastel is more subdued , more subtle , and easier to overlook if one so chooses .
To take just one example : Let us look at the EU - Russia summit which was held in Finland in October 2006 .
Russia at the time was casually deporting Georgians just because they were Georgians .
On the streets , the militia were stopping people who were " suspicious " just because they were dark - skinned , and those " suspects " were , with the connivance of the authorities , subjected to beatings in dark corners by Russian ultra-nationalists .
At that same time , the president of Finland – the country which gave Europe its first declaration of human and civil rights more than 200 years ago ( and I trust that document is still part of the European cultural canon ) – declared to that nation 's legislature that one " should not mix " questions of human rights and issues of economic cooperation .
Translated from the pastel tones of diplomatic language , that was an admonition not to link the question of Russian natural gas deliveries with the issue of Russian right - wing radicalism .
The Russians could keep their right - wing radicalism , the Europeans would take the gas .
All right , I 'll stop labouring the point about liberte , egalite , fraternite – but did n't the period between the two world wars , still remembered first - hand by a good many , teach European politicians that there is no such thing as " foreign " fascism ?
That the fascism tolerated today as another country 's " internal affair " will tomorrow come marching towards our own front door in bovver boots ?
Or , to rephrase the question in terms of 21st century technology , that one of these days someone will be sitting beside you in an airliner with radioactive polonium in his luggage ?
Historical memory constitutes the nucleus of culture ; if it is lost , then the capacity to evaluate perspectives for the future is also lost , along with the ability to judge the long - term consequences of ones own undertakings .
At this point it would be appropriate to recall a highly interesting bit of history which was painted not in oils but in steaming blood .
1933 was the year of genocide against the Ukrainian people ( the Holodomor ) , when some of Europe 's most fertile soil was sown with the bodies of millions of farmers and the grain extorted from those farmers at gunpoint was dumped onto the world market at rock - bottom prices .
Among the buyers of that " oddly " inexpensive wheat ( its price estimated by historians at two human lives per tonne ) was Hitler 's Germany .
Frenchmen and Britons sat at the Kremlin dinner table as Stalin 's guests and reported back to their home newspapers that there could be no question of a famine in Ukraine .
In the meantime , in France and Britain 's immediate vicinity , there arose and flourished a regime which was about to attempt to turn all Europe into one vast concentration camp , even more terrible than those which already existed in the Soviet Union .
That little tale is a possibly superfluous indication of how dangerous it can be " not to mix " the short - term advantages of economic cooperation and questions of human rights .
The experience of the 20th century should have taught us that , regardless of where the Berlin Wall once stood and where the borders of the Schengen Zone run today , there is just one single European history , bound together deep in its heart by a funeral courtege of which we are often quite unaware ( and which takes us by surprise when parts of it suddenly surface ) .
Just as the criminal code stipulates that ignorance is no excuse before the law , so history teaches that ignorance is no excuse for irresponsibility .
Whenever friends from the West , often writers and journalists , make reference to corpses buried in the cellars of their own countries and to the consequences of recently revealed , black - and - white half - truths and hidden lies dating from World War II and the Cold War era , I reply : " Welcome to Ukraine ! "
Indeed , after two centuries of Europe 's ignoring the fact of our nation 's existence ( and its subsequent surprise when we suddenly reappeared on the maps ) , we as the " hallway " of Europe – or perhaps more aptly , its two - century old cellar – have a whole arsenal of buried corpses .
Probably nowhere else can one find more convincing proof that hushed - up history has a long life and leads an underground existence , like those rivers that flow beneath the earth but rise up to the surface sooner or later .
Ukraine is a mighty river flowing out of Europe 's cellar , and it has yet to surface in its entirety .
It would be too simple to view Ukraine purely through the prism of today 's political situation , that is , as a country which cannot properly handle all its riches because of a fatally flawed government and a weak political elite .
Where is a strong elite supposed to come from ?
None has been able to evolve , because from 1930 right up until the 1980s there were regular and thorough purges of Ukraine 's educated classes .
This country has always been a crossroads and symbiosis of Greek - Byzantine and Latin traditions , a very special borscht , as it were ( national dishes can also serve as metaphors for national characteristics ) .
It derives its unique flavor from a mix of diverse ingredients , so that in this era of globalisation it should at least arouse interest as a centuries - old laboratory for multiculturalism .
Here you can find almost everything that makes up the legacy of Old Europe , from the ruins of Ancient Greek colonies , through medieval fortresses and castles , to Baroque Greek Orthodox churches which were converted into mosques and then into Jesuit churches , which later still became Orthodox churches once again , but this time exclusively of the Russian Orthodox variety , and which in turn soon were turned into Soviet factories and warehouses .
The mix also includes at least 600 years of Jewish culture , with Hasidism as the legacy of Ukrainian Jewry .
In addition there is the spice of an oriental note , with marked Turkish influences as a direct result of two centuries of hostilities between Cossacks and Turks .
Despite all the Soviet Empire 's disastrous efforts to turn this borscht into a pallid gulag broth ( a whole series of " ingredients " were liquidated ; dozens of national minorities which still flourished in the 1930s no longer existed in Ukraine by the time the Soviet Union imploded ) , its flavour has remained .
This is true not only in everyday life , but also at a deeper level , in a fundamental Ukrainian cultural polyphony – in tolerance toward " others , " toward the " alien " ( for example , in Ukraine you can walk into any church to pray , regardless of which denomination or patriarchate it belongs to , and you can see ordinary street scenes in which acquaintances and friends chat with one another in a variety of languages ) .
Ukraine 's wealth of experience , however , also contains terrible and yet instructive elements .
The Ukrainian war of independence waged against Russia and Poland between 1918 and 1920 , after the collapse of the Czarist and Hapsburg empires , ended in defeat .
The various European catastrophes of the 20th century were inevitably carried to Ukraine with particular brutality , and so calamitously that for decades there was only a narrow " spectrum of catastrophe " open for discussion or portrayal , its range confined to that which was shared either with Central and Western Europe ( the horrors of the Second World War ) or with the rest of the Communist world ( the gulags , the persecution and murder of dissenters ) .
But the fact that Stalin 's genocide in Ukraine cost more human lives than World War II ( it is estimated that some six million Ukrainians were murdered ) ; the fact that the Holocaust was in reality the second act of the catastrophe suffered by Ukrainian Jewry , the first having taken place in the 1930s , when Yiddish - speaking communities were transferred en masse to gulags , robbing Ukraine of an elemental part of its cultural richness ; the fact that Ukraine 's resistance movement , its partisan army , fought against the Nazi occupation from 1942 onward and then against the Soviet occupation on into the mid-1950s ( the country 's last partisan gave up the fight on August 25 , 1991 , one day after Ukraine 's declaration of independence ) ; the fact that Chernobyl was the psychological turning point for Ukrainians , as well as marking the total bankruptcy of the Soviet Union ( which then , in accordance with the law of inertia , collapsed ) – all these vast layers of historical memory , which have been passe d down from generation to generation in purely oral form and about which official Ukrainian circles have spoken openly only relatively recently ( in November 2006 the Ukrainian Parliament approved a declaration characterizing the tragic famine of 1933 as genocide ) are naturally terra incognita outside of Ukraine .
But this situation cannot continue , if no other reason than because the European retrospective of the 20th century would be distorted without the inclusion of the buried history of Ukraine .
Moreover , without that history , without those tales , historians , philosophers and writers would be deprived of basic material with which to reflect on the moral value of defeat in the fate of nations .
" You Ukrainians have it good , " a Russian journalist said to me recently with an envious smile .
" You argue among yourselves , you discuss , blow up , fight for something , believe in something ...
But we who had a Greater Russia , what 's left for us except nostalgia for Stalin ? "
( When I wrote the novel " Field Studies on Ukrainian Sex " - English excerpt here )
I tortured myself over the Ukrainian " loser 's complex , " and because I did n't know how to get over it , I maintained an injured silence on the subject .
It never occurred to me to even think about the great cost to nations of their " victor 's complex . " )
It is not just a question of re-evaluating the experience of defeat .
What is more important is that Europe is still living mentally in the post - war era , in a world molded by the Cold War .
It will hardly be possible to change that mold without digging up the " skeletons in the cellar . "
The Ukrainian " cellar " must be exposed , opened to the daylight , of that I am firmly convinced .
The experiences of a country which managed to maintain its identity , however damaged , at a time when the logic of history dictated that it had hardly any chance of maintaining even its name , a country which began from square one just 15 years ago to resuscitate its traditions , revive its
Third Estate , its middle class , to such an extent that it was able to demand its rights and freedoms through civic movements and mass demonstrations – that wealth of experience should not be absent from Europe 's collective consciousness .
This should also be part of the joint process of casting light into the dark corners of Europe 's cellar .
It would be extremely dangerous to carry them along into the 21st century .
Shady dealings are best carried out in dark corners , and as long as the businessmen of various nations continue to carry out their transactions behind closed doors , such things as the still incomplete mantle of Chernobyl 's Reactor 4 can fall apart once and for all and , with no consideration for diplomatic protocol , could unite the EU and Ukraine into a single zone – one which would be uninhabitable for humans .
And then there would really be good reason for " No comment . "
*
Oksana Zabuzhko ( website in English ) is regarded as one of Ukraine 's most important authors .
Born in 1960 , she was educated in philosophy and was a Fulbright scholar at Harvard and Pittsburgh .
She is now vice - president of the Ukrainian Pen Center , and teaches creative writing at Kiev University .
Her novel " Feldstudien über ukrainischen Sex " ( field studies on Ukrainian sex ) was published in German by Droschl Verlag in 2006 .
A shorter version of this article appeared in Der Standard in November 2007 and it was published in full length in Das Parlament magazine in February 2007 .
Translation : Myron Gubitz
Get the signandsight newsletter for regular updates on feature articles .
signandsight.com - let 's talk european .
Lately , many people are hearing an echo  faintly perhaps but distinctly audible  of the stagflation of the 1970s .
Even as economic growth sags , oil and gasoline prices are surging to new heights .
Gold is on the rise , along with the prices of such basic commodities as wheat and steel .
And on Wednesday , with the latest government report on consumer prices , there are signs that overall inflation , after years of only modest increases , may be breaking out of its box .
For the Federal Reserve and its chairman , Ben S. Bernanke , all this could not come at a worse time .
With the credit markets in disarray from the collapse of the housing bubble , Mr. Bernanke is cutting rates in a headlong rush to blunt the risks of recession .
But in putting its emphasis above all on reviving growth , America ’s central bank , according to some economists and even a few Fed officials , may face a bigger inflation problem down the road .
In Agile projects , it 's a common practice to visualize and share project status in “ big visible charts ” on a wall of the project room .
Lean systems also use such devices .
" Kanban , " in Japanese means , loosely translated , ' card or sign ' .
In a Lean production system , Kanban is a method which uses standard units or lot sizes with a single card attached to each .
A new card is " pulled " into the system only when the work represented by an " in progress " card is completed ..
In this paper , I explore visualization methods found widely in agile projects these days , and then propose using Kanban Boards to organize three viewpoints ( Time , Task , and Team ) so that the whole team understands the current status of the project and can work in an autonomous , motivated and collaborative manner .
Finally , I introduce a software tool “ TRICHORD ” that implements Kanban Boards to realize project visualization from the three viewpoints .
Visualization in Agile Projects
XP has a practice called “ informative workspace ” where you can see how the project is going on at a glance [ Beck05 ] .
A primitive way of doing this is just putting story cards or task cards on the wall .
Other graphs and charts on the wall are sometimes called “ information radiators ” [ Cockburn01 ] or “ Visible Big Charts ” [ Jeffries04 ] and have become very common in today ’s agile project room facilitaties .
Below , I show examples of the visualizations found in agile teams in Japan .
The first example in Figure 1 is a Task Kanban Board named after the “ Just - In - Time ” ( JIT ) production method used in the TPS ( Toyota Production System ) [ Poppendieck03 , 07 ] .
Figure 1 : Task Kanban Board
A Kanban means a ticket describing a task to do .
In TPS , it is used to realize Just - In - Time “ pull ” production control .
In Figure 1 , a Kanban Board shows the current status of all the tasks to be done within this iteration .
The tasks are represented by cards ( Post - It Notes ) , and the statuses are presented by areas on the board separated and labeled ToDo , Doing , and Done .
This Kanban Board helps the team understand how they are doing well as well as what to do next and makes the team self - directing .
Figure 2 is another type of Kanban Board , called “ Feature Kanban Board ” .
[ Highsmith04 ]
Figure 2 : Feature Kanban Board
The horizontal axis of this chart is a timeline and vertical areas in the timeline represent releases and each card posted to the areas represents one feature that will be implemented in the release .
Contrary to the first example which is usually used within the development team , this Feature Kanban provides a high - level overview of the product ’s road map so it should be shared with the whole extended team , including customers , marketing staff and management .
Also , the “ Parking Lot Chart ” in Figure 3 is used to provide a top - level digested summary of project status ( not to be confused with a “ Parking Lot List , ” a tool facilitators use to capture unresolved issues ) .
It is first described in Feature Driven Development ( FDD ) [ Palmer02 ] , and is widely used in agile projects today .
It is sometimes also called a “ Project Dashboard ” .
Figure 3 : Parking Lot Chart
Another type of visualization in Figure 4 is called a Burndown Chart .
Figure 4 : Burndown Chart
It is first described in Scrum [ Schwaber01 ] to show the remaining backlog , and has now spread to most agile projects [ Cockburn04 ] , [ Cohn05 ] .
It captures the current status as well as the rate of progress of completing the remaining tasks .
The last interesting visualization in Figure 5 is called Niko - niko Calendar ( or Smiley Calendar ) , a Japanese creation , showing team member ’s mood for each day .
Everyone puts a smiley mark onto their own calendar after the day ’s work , before leaving the team room [ Sakata06 ] .
It looks at the project from the viewpoint of member ’s mental health and motivation .
Figure 5 : Niko - niko Calendar ( or Smiley Calendar )
Kanban Board as Main Information Radiator
To summarize , the visualization tools mentioned are :
Kanban Boards .
Use a card as a token ( Kanban ) of a task , story , feature and stick them to a timeline ( board ) .
There are several levels of granularities .
Use a card as a token ( Kanban ) of a task , story , feature and stick them to a timeline ( board ) .
There are several levels of granularities .
Burndown Charts .
Count the number of Kanbans ( backlog tasks ) and track it in a timebox to show the trend of work accomplished .
There are also several levels of granularities .
Count the number of Kanbans ( backlog tasks ) and track it in a timebox to show the trend of work accomplished .
There are also several levels of granularities .
Parking lot Charts .
Summarize the top - level project status .
Summarize the top - level project status .
Calendars .
Other than Niko - niko calendars , there are a lot of variations of using calendars to show project status or plan .
Note that between Kanban Boards , Burndown Charts , and Parking Lot Charts , Kanban Boards have the most detailed information .
Burndown Charts and Parking Lot Charts can be drawn using the information of daily changing Kanban Boards .
So hereafter I ’ll discuss Kanban Boards as the main information radiators , and Burndown Charts and Parking lot Charts as sub-tool which summarize Kanbans visually .
Organizing Kanbans from Three Viewpoints
Looking closely at Kanban Boards , you can find three things expressed on them – time , task , and team .
Here I try to organize Kanbans from these three viewpoints .
Figure 6 Breakdown of Time and Task
1. Time
In agile projects , time of a project is first broken into “ Releases ” and each release into “ Iterations ” , and each iteration into “ Days ” .
A release is typically 1 - to 6 - months long and is the most coarse - grained timebox .
It is a sync point of the whole team so everyone in the whole team should be interested in it .
An iteration is the second level timebox .
It is typically 1 - to 4 - week long and development teams use it as a major working , tracking and improvement cycle .
And every day is the most fine - grained timebox , the team gets together in a stand - up meeting to share project status and problems .
2. Task
There are also three levels of granularity for Tasks .
Here I call the top level “ Features ” and each feature is broken down into “ Stories ” , and each story into the lowest level “ Tasks ” .
A Feature is a function useful and meaningful to users .
A Story is a testable piece of a Feature , also described in the words of users .
And a Task is a work unit of a Story , commonly described in terms used by developers .
3.Team
A project team consists of people working toward the same goal .
Typically , a manager , customers , developers , business analysts , users , testers and other stakeholders should be members of the team .
The whole team should share information on time and tasks to achieve the project goal .
Kanban Board Maps Task to Time
for the Team
Here I ’d like to define a Kanban Board as a mapping between tasks and time for the team .
Note that “ time ” and “ task ” both have a three - level breakdown structure , and the higher the breakdown levels are , the higher the level of management that should be involved with it .
So , it is reasonable to set up Kanbans in combination of Release - Feature , Iteration - Story and Daily - Task as shown in Table 1 , although there are many possible other combinations of time and task .
Table 1 Kanban combination of Time and Task
A “ Feature Kanban ” is good at giving the whole team a high - level view of the project .
And it goes with a Parking Lot Chart to show the top level status .
A “ Story Kanban ” is at the middle level , the most widely and carefully seen in each iteration by the team , and it may be supported by an iteration Burndown Chart .
A “ Task Kanban ” is at the lowest level , showing the current changing status daily , which may be supported by a daily Burndown Chart .
Figure 7 : Overview –
Three viewpoints and Kanban Board as a mapping of Task to Time
TRICHORD
We have been developing an agile project management tool named “ TRICHORD . ” TRI refers to the three viewpoints ( Time , Task , and Team ) and CHORD means harmony .
It operates as a workplace to share project status across the whole team , providing the three levels of Kanban Boards – Feature Kanban ( Release - Feature ) , Story Kanban ( Story - Iteration ) , and Task Kanban ( Daily - Task ) – as described in Table 1 .
A Feature Kanban is supported by a Parking Lot Chart , Story and Task Kanbans are supported by Burndown Charts .
Figure 8 TRICHORD ( Kanban Boards with Burndown Charts , Parking Lots )
In addition , TRICHORD has a Niko - Niko Calendar service to share the team 's mood .
It also works as a simple “ twitter ” - like SNS communication center in the projects .
Figure 9 TRICHORD Niko - Niko Calendar
TRICHORD is implemented on the Eclipse RCP ( Rich Client Platform ) , and optionally works with Trac ( issue tracking system ) .
Acknowledgements
Many thanks to Mary Poppendieck , who reviewed this paper thoroughly and provided lots of advice and suggestions .
References
[ Sakata06 ] Akira Sakata , “ Niko - niko calendar ” , 2006
http://www.geocities.jp/nikonikocalendar/index_en.html
[ Beck05 ] Kent Beck , “ Extreme Programming Explained 2nd “ , 2005 Addison - Wesley
“ Informative workspace ” is a practice of XP .
[ Cockburn01 ] Alistair Cockburn , “ Agile Software Development ” , 2001 Addison - Wesley
The word “ information radiator ” is first used .
[ Cockburn04 ] Alistair Cockburn , “ Crystal Clear ” , 2004 Addison - Wesley
“ Burndown / up chart ” is discussed as a powerful technique .
[ Cohn05 ] Mike Cohn , “ Agile Estimating and Planning ” , 2005 Prentice Hall
“ Burndown chart ” is most deeply discussed .
[ Jeffries04 ] Ron Jeffries , " Big Visible Chart " , 2004
http://www.xprogramming.com/xpmag/BigVisibleCharts.htm
[ Poppendieck03 ] Mary and Tom Poppendieck , “ Lean Software Development ” , 2003 Addison - Wesley
[ Poppendieck07 ] Mary and Tom Poppendieck , “ Implementing Lean Software Development ” , 2006 Addison - Wesley
Explains Kanban in TPS and how it works as a pull process mechanism .
[ Schwaber01 ] Ken Schwaber , et al .
“ Agile Software Development with SCRUM ” , 2001 Prentice Hall
[ Highsmith04 ] Jim Highsmith , “ Agile Project Management ” , 2004 Addison - Wesley
Here , Feature Kanban is called Feature breakdown structure and feature planning on whiteboard .
[ Palmer02 ] Stephen R. Palmer et al. , Practical Guide to Feature - Driven Development , 2002 , Prentice Hall
First introduced Parking Lot Chart
About the Author
Kenji Hiranable is the CEO of Change Vision , Inc .
He is the creator of JUDE , a UML and MindMap editor software , and has translated the books Lean Software Development , XP Installed , Agile Project Management , and other XP / Agile books into Japanese .
Kenji thinks of software development as a form of communication game , and is always searching for better ways that makes it more productive , collaborative , and fun .
Further information on TRICHORD is available at trichord.change-vision.com .
By Will Smale
Business reporter , BBC News
The Starbucks logo dominates many city centres
The coffee is n't tasting too sweet at Starbucks at the moment .
Recently coming bottom in an independent UK taste test of the main coffee chains , the US giant has seen its sales fall in its main home market for the second quarter in succession .
With its share price also having declined more than 40 % over the past year , the Seattle company 's founder , Howard Schultz , returned to the chief executive role last month to try to turn around the firm 's fortunes .
While Starbucks is undoubtedly being hit by the wider slowdown in consumer spending in the US , analysts say the problems at the company run much deeper .
' Cannibalising '
Mr Schultz has himself been brutally honest about where Starbucks has gone wrong , admitting that it now has too many outlets in the US , which is " cannibalising " sales between branches only a short distance from each other .
It was all but inevitable that after such aggressive expansion that its sales growth would eventually stagnate
Brian Morgan , Cardiff School of Management
Also bemoaning a dilution of the " Starbucks experience " , he said the firm had lost its focus .
" When you succeed at this level for so long ... you get a little soft , " says Mr Schultz .
" We have to get back to what made this company great , and that is to have the courage and curiosity , and commitment , to do things that have not been done before . "
Ubiquitous
The core problem for Starbucks is that its stellar expansion of the past decade has tarnished the exclusive , upmarket image that made it so popular in the first place .
Mr Schultz has vowed to turnaround the firm 's fortunes
Once a happy , even smug refuge for go - getting professionals and fashionable students tapping at their laptops over a venti Frappuccino , Starbucks billed itself as the " third place " .
It was n't home or the office , but a combination of the two - a good place to relax or work .
From 84 US stores in 1990 to 1,000 in 1996 , it is not an overstatement to say Starbucks revolutionised how Americans drank coffee and how much they were prepared to pay - rather a lot .
Fast - forward 12 years , and Starbucks now has more than 10,000 American outlets .
In the big US cities they are seemingly everywhere .
Image problem
Such market saturation has changed how Starbucks is viewed , with many consumers now mentioning it in the same breath as McDonald 's and Burger King .
It may not sell burgers and fries , but the perception is that the bigger and more corporate Starbucks has become , the worse customer service and quality have become .
As a result , once loyal US customers have migrated to its growing army of competitors , such as smaller but more fashionable chains Caribou Coffee and Peet 's Coffee & Tea , despite Starbucks also expanding into selling CDs .
Mr Schultz himself has admitted that the brand risked becoming a mere commodity , and needed to better focus on the consumer .
Starbucks has further been hit by the likes of McDonald 's and Dunkin ' Donuts greatly improving the quality of their own coffee , which is generally also cheaper .
So while Starbucks ' white collar American customers are moving to more exclusive coffee chains , blue collar drinkers are getting their posh coffees cheaper at the fast - food chains at a time of growing fears of recession in the US .
Mr Schultz appears to want to win back both sets of customers .
In addition to saying he wants to return the " romance and theatre " to Starbucks branches , the company has also started to trial a cut - price $ 1 ( 51 pence ) cup of coffee as it battles a consumer recession " headwind " .
It is also closing under - performing US branches and slowing back on new store openings in its home market .
But will it be enough ?
' Easy to copy '
" Branding is so elusive a concept , it takes years to build up a brand , but you can lose it over night , " says Brian Morgan , professor of entrepreneurship at the Cardiff School of Management .
" Starbucks had such a great concept of quality coffees and decent store ambience , but it was also of course such an easy idea to copy .
" It was also all but inevitable that after such aggressive expansion that its sales growth would eventually stagnate .
Especially in the face of ever more competitors .
Because coffee was at the heart of their brand , they made their customers feel like discerning connoisseurs , they were proud to be associated with Starbucks
Jim Boulton , a partner at Story Worldwide
" It now desperately needs some new innovations to reconnect with customers . "
Mr Morgan is also sceptical about Starbucks ' continuing emphasis on overseas expansion , saying it faces exactly the same image problem in European markets as it does in the US , and that it already had a large number of stores in China 's main cities .
Brand expert Jim Boulton , a partner at advertising agency Story Worldwide , agrees that Starbucks needs to find a new way of setting itself apart from its competitors .
" Because coffee was at the heart of their brand , they made their customers feel like discerning connoisseurs , they were proud to be associated with Starbucks , " he says .
" Now , with so many coffee chains around they have no point of differentiation , there 's nothing clever about going to Starbucks . "
Mr Schultz says Starbucks will now unveil its transformation plan , including " five bold innovations " at its annual shareholders meeting on 19 March .
About one in three Americans plan to spend at least $ 1,000 per person on their next summer vacation , according to American Express .
That ’s $ 4,000 for a family of four .
International travel is a major budget - buster , of course , but modest weekend getaways and regional road trips add up quickly too .
No matter where you ’re planning to go , what you ’re planning to do , or how long you ’re planning to stay , it behooves you to do whatever it takes ( within reason ) to reduce your expenditures .
How to Save Money on Any Vacation
I spoke with more than a dozen travel experts and dug deep into my own travels to compile this comprehensive list of tips to save money on any vacation .
It ’s organized in roughly chronological order , beginning with destination selection .
1. Look for Destinations With Favorable Exchange Rates
If you ’re eyeing a trip abroad , your first move is to look for destinations with favorable exchange rates – that is , where local currencies are weak relative to the U.S. dollar .
Look for countries experiencing momentary political or economic instability , a condition that often puts downward pressure on currency values .
One caveat : Do n’t rush to take advantage of favorable exchange rates if it means putting yourself in harm ’s way .
More often than not , currency devaluation is a symptom of deeper problems .
Since 2013 , the Mexican peso has fallen more than 25 % against the U.S. dollar due in part to widespread cartel violence .
That ’s an enticing proposition for bargain - hunting travelers – as long as they steer well clear of hot spots .
My wife and I have taken advantage of a slightly less dramatic discrepancy .
We visited Porto and Lisbon , Portugal in the fall of 2016 , when the euro was near a multiyear low against the dollar .
Our out - of - pocket costs were about 30 % lower than on my previous trip to Europe eight years earlier .
2. Sign Up for a Cheap Flight Newsletter
If you ’re not set on a specific destination , sign up for a cheap flight newsletter that curates deeply discounted flight deals to various destinations .
My go - to is Scott ’s Cheap Flights , a free newsletter that comes every day or two , on average .
Each deal indicates what you can expect to pay for the cheap flight against the normal fare range , plus a brief description of what you need to do to get the deal , the deal ’s expected lifespan ( usually no more than a couple days from the email ’s time stamp ) , and the travel date ranges during which it ’s likely to apply ( usually a span of several months into the future ) .
Scott ’s absolute best deals are reserved for the newsletter ’s premium version , which costs $ 39 per year and comes about twice as often .
I do n’t travel internationally enough to justify the investment , but if you head abroad for business or pleasure more than once or twice a year , it might be worth your while .
3. Set Price Alerts
Set email price alerts for every online hotel or flight search you complete .
I do this at the outset whenever I begin planning a new trip , utilizing aggregator sites like Hotels.com and Kayak .
To avoid inbox overload every time a fare or nightly rate drops slightly , set your alert thresholds low – say , 20 % instead of 5 % .
And remember to remove them as soon as you book .
4. Research and Book in Incognito Mode
When you surf the Web in incognito mode ( or your browser ’s equivalent ) , your browser does n’t collect cookies – the bits of data that identify you to the websites you visit .
Without the ability to track your movements online , travel sites have a harder time guessing your intentions .
That means they ca n’t raise prices accordingly when it ’s clear you ’re targeting a particular hotel , itinerary , or date .
Another option is using a virtual private network ( VPN ) to conceal your geographical location and encrypt the data you send .
Like incognito mode , VPNs make it more difficult for travel vendors to follow your movements around the Web .
Trying to conceal your identity during the research and booking process is n’t foolproof .
Travel sites use a suite of sophisticated tools to track prospects as they move closer to booking , and there ’s no guarantee that incognito mode or a VPN will be enough to keep you anonymous .
For best results , combine this tactic with the other research phase tips on this list .
5. Negotiate Room Rates Directly With the Hotel or Hostel
Most travelers do n’t realize it , but hotels , airlines , and rental car companies pay dearly for business brokered by online booking sites and travel aggregators .
Their commissions can be as high as 15 % , meaning they keep just 85 % of your after - tax payment .
That ’s why more and more hotels implore customers to book directly – and why there ’s an opening for hard - nosed negotiators willing to escalate their concerns to on - site management .
Rather than accept online prices at face value , use them as a starting point when booking hotel and hostel rooms .
Once you have quoted prices in hand , call the location directly and request a price reduction .
This tactic works with car rental companies as well .
Airlines tend to be more bureaucratic , so you might not have as much luck negotiating directly with booking agents .
6. Use a Cash - Back Website When You Book
Booking aggregator commissions are important to understand for another reason :
They open the door for impressive point - of - sale or cash - back savings on your bookings .
The secret lies in cash - back websites and browser plugins that partner with booking sites and aggregators .
These tools collect a portion of the booking commission and funnel the rest back to users as cash back or instant refunds .
It ’s not unreasonable to expect 5 % to 7 % back from these tools .
My personal favorites are Rakuten and Giving Assistant , but plenty of others come highly recommended .
Just make sure your chosen solution is compatible with your browser and does n’t adversely affect browsing speed or performance .
You ’ll also need to make sure you use the regular browser ( not incognito mode ) to enable cookies for tracking purposes .
7. Use a Rewards Credit Card When You Book
If your credit score is sufficient to qualify , apply for a travel rewards credit card and use it when you book .
General - purpose travel rewards cards reliably return 2 % or more on spending , while branded travel rewards cards , such as Gold Delta SkyMiles from American Express dramatically accelerate loyalty club members ’ progress toward valuable freebies , such as free flights and nights .
It ’s worth noting that many travel rewards and cash - back credit cards have their own cash - back portals , where direct purchases earn points at accelerated rates relative to everyday spending .
Barclaycard , Chase ( Ultimate Rewards ) , and Discover ( Discover Deals ) all operate online shopping platforms for loyal customers .
When you use your credit card to make purchases on these platforms , you can dramatically boost your overall earnings – anywhere from 1 % to 10 % or more – over your baseline cash - back or point - accrual rate .
In some cases , redeemed points go further .
For example , Chase Ultimate Rewards points earned with the Chase Sapphire Preferred Card and Chase Sapphire Reserve Card are worth 25 % and 50 % more , respectively , when redeemed for travel purchases through the Ultimate Rewards portal .
Plus , most premium travel rewards credit cards offer attractive sign - up bonuses for new customers .
Some are impressive .
The Chase Ink Business Preferred Credit Card , a small - business credit card designed for frequent business travelers , delivers 80,000 bonus points when you spend at least $ 5,000 on eligible purchases within the first three months .
That ’s worth up to $ 1,000 when redeemed for travel through the Ultimate Rewards marketplace .
Depending on your destination and itinerary , that could be more than enough to cover the cost of your next trip – or at least go a long way .
8. Join Travel Loyalty Programs ( With or Without a Credit Card )
Even if you do n’t have a corresponding credit card , it never hurts to join specific travel merchants ’ travel loyalty programs .
It ’s almost always free , and the payoff is compelling : free or reduced - rate airfare , nightly stays , car rentals , upgrades , perks , and more .
I belong to a half - dozen loyalty programs , including Delta SkyMiles and United MileagePlus .
Conservatively , I ’ve saved $ 500 in the past three years by redeeming my accumulated miles and points for free stuff .
9. Use Your Credit Card ’s Point Transfer Perk
Some credit cards share an under - the - radar perk that can dramatically increase their rewards ’ value : 1 - to - 1 partner point transfer arrangements .
Since I ’m not loyal to any particular hospitality brand or airline , I prefer general - purpose travel cards with 1 - to - 1 partner transfer deals .
The Chase Sapphire Preferred ® Card is my favorite .
If you ’re more loyal than I am , consider a branded airline or hotel rewards credit card with an expansive 1 - to - 1 deal .
Compare advertised room and airfare rates with the number of points or miles needed to redeem , then transfer accordingly .
For instance , if your preferred United round - trip fare requires 25,000 MileagePlus miles or 50,000 Ultimate Rewards points , you can literally double your Ultimate Rewards points ’ value by converting them to Mileage Plus currency .
10 . Make Refundable Bookings If Your Plans Are Uncertain …
Travel merchants ’ cancellation policies vary , but refundable bookings are invariably more expensive .
Then again , they ’re not as expensive as eating the booking ’s entire cost when your plans suddenly change and you ’re not able to get away on your original dates .
Travel insurance ( more on that below ) typically only covers the cost of nonrefundable bookings canceled for certain covered reasons , such as unexpected job loss or illness .
Finding a cheaper travel window or moving your trip up a month to snag better weather does n’t count .
Bottom line :
If you ’re at all unsure you ’ll be able ( or want ) to travel during your original window , suck it up and go refundable .
11 . … And Nonrefundable Bookings If You ’re Sure Things Wo n’t Change
If your travel dates are set in stone , make a nonrefundable booking .
Better yet , take advantage of blind booking deals offered by travel aggregators like Expedia and Hotels.com .
On a recent trip to Denver and Colorado Springs , I slashed the cost of my car rental by more than 30 % with a blind booking deal , and I got the biggest rental car of my life .
The catch was that the rental company was an off - brand operator with mediocre - at - best customer service chops , but my wife and I lived to tell the tale .
12 . Look for Last - Minute Deals
Last - minute trip planning is stressful and often more expensive than booking well in advance – but not always .
If you need a hotel at the last minute , check last - minute deal sites such as Hotel Tonight .
Hotels use sites and apps like Hotel Tonight to offload excess inventory at steeply discounted prices , often as far in advance as one week .
Savings generally increase as the stay approaches , so this strategy is particularly useful for day - before or even morning - of bookings .
If you ’re in the midst of a multistop backpacking or city - hopping adventure , this is a fortuitous state of affairs – though you ’ll need adequate Internet access to complete your booking .
Hotel Tonight is n’t the only last - minute booking app around .
The aptly named Last Minute Travel is a great resource for last - minute hotel , flight , car rental , vacation rental , and cruise bookings .
Big - name bookers like Expedia are in on the act as well .
You might also have luck with last - minute bookings on blind - booking sites like Hotwire .
The same principle applies : Savings generally increase as travel or state dates approach .
But since blind - booking sites generally start from a cheaper baseline , the savings can be even more impressive .
13 . Embrace the Free Continental Breakfast
Who does n’t like a free breakfast ?
Rather than bank on your negotiating skills , limit your search to hospitality chains that advertise free continental breakfasts .
You do n’t need to go upmarket to find them ; most basic hotel and motel chains have serviceable breakfast options .
My most recent U.S. hotel , an America ’s Best Value Inn in a small Midwestern town , included an impressive selection of pastries .
Note that some other cultures turn up their noses at America ’s comparatively bare - bones continental breakfast tradition .
On our two most recent international trips – Portugal and Thailand – my wife and I were overwhelmed by our extravagant , totally complimentary breakfast options .
In Lisbon and Porto , we enjoyed all - you - can eat buffets heavy on cured meats , cheeses , breads , and pastries .
In Bangkok , we filled up on four - course feasts that left us full until well after the lunch hour .
14 . Weigh Lower Room Costs Against Higher Transportation Costs in Outlying Districts
This is a controversial tip .
I ’ve spoken with multiple travel experts who swear that staying well outside the center of town is the obvious choice for frugal travelers .
But I ’ve spoken with just as many who swear the exact opposite .
In truth , both are right .
In some places , high transportation costs to and from major attractions outweigh lower room costs in outlying districts .
In others , the added cost of public transit , ridesharing , or driving is nominal compared with savings on accommodations .
You do n’t always have to go far to find the right balance .
When my wife and I attended a wedding in midtown Manhattan , we skipped the wedding party ’s recommended hotel ( and all the other insanely expensive hotels in the district ) in favor of a far cheaper , brand - name option in Long Island City , just across the East River .
We saved at least $ 200 on a single night ’s stay – not a bad trade for an extra four stops on the N train or a $ 15 Uber .
15 . Use Borrowed Luggage
If you do n’t travel very often , ask friends or family to spot you a bag or two .
This trick reduces wear on the luggage you do own , lengthening the replacement cycle by years .
Pack light ( see below ) and you can easily get away with a single bag on short trips .
Even if you ’re taking a long journey that requires more bag space , you can probably mix and match luggage from multiple people .
16 . Pack Light
Make minimalist packing your mantra .
No matter how long you plan to be away , consider packing no more than a week ’s supply of fresh clothing .
Make sure you have clothing that actually matches , of course , and make sure you bring weather - appropriate stuff .
If you ’re visiting Boston or Chicago during the winter , for example , you ’ll need plenty of warm apparel .
Do n’t forget other essential accessories , such as travel - size hygiene items , chargers and USBs , power adapters ( for international travel ) , plastic bags , and a lock for your stuff .
17 . Travel During the Low Season
By definition , the cheapest time to travel to just about any destination is the low season , when poor weather stymies tourists .
The “ low season effect ” is particularly pronounced in outdoor vacation destinations , where rain , snow , or extreme temperatures make or break travel plans .
It tends to be less noticeable in major economic centers that attract continuous streams of business travelers , such as New York City and Chicago .
But it ’s rarely negligible , so plan accordingly .
Some popular vacation towns actually have two low seasons .
In mountain communities like Steamboat Springs and Jackson Hole , the low seasons and the shoulder seasons – spring and mid-to - late fall – are one and the same .
Once the winter ski season ends , there ’s not much to do until the weather is consistently nice come early summer .
Then , there ’s a noticeable gap between fall foliage season and the start of ski season .
Meanwhile , some tropical destinations have two rainy seasons , neither of which are fun for sun-seekers .
18 . Fly Midweek
If your travel dates are flexible , schedule at least one leg of your trip – and ideally both – for the middle of the workweek .
For a visual illustration , pull up any major airline ’s fare calendar .
You ’ll almost certainly see fares rise on Thursday and Friday , spike again on Sunday , and then fall to a low point on Tuesday or Wednesday .
19 . Travel on Major Holidays
Another flexible travel tip : Consider traveling on major holidays , such as Christmas , Thanksgiving , and Easter .
They ’re usually the only days during prolonged holiday seasons – such as spring break , and the end - of - year holidays – on which air and train fares are lower than average .
Both times I flew on Christmas , my fare was $ 100 lower than the week before – and that ’s for a three - hour domestic flight .
20 . Know the Local Holiday Calendar
You ’re probably familiar with the U.S. holiday calendar , but what about elsewhere in the world ?
It pays to know .
If you ’re planning a trip to Mexico , for instance , you ’ll want to avoid Semana Santa – the week leading up to Easter , when school is out nationwide and the whole country seems to be on the road .
Airfare and room rates rise proportionally .
On the other hand , certain parts of the world have anti-holidays – periods when relatively few locals take vacations .
February is a cheap time to fly in many parts of the world , falling as it does after the winter holidays and before the spring break or Easter crush .
21 . Purchase Travel Insurance
Despite its limitations , travel insurance provides valuable financial protection against a variety of costly and inconvenient scenarios that can ruin entire vacations .
While travel insurance usually can’t prevent these scenarios , it can lessen the fiscal blow .
Many premium travel credit cards have built - in travel insurance protections , though you should absolutely read your issuer ’s fine print before assuming you ’re covered in any given scenario .
If you do n’t have a premium credit card or you seek extra protection , consider buying a travel insurance policy from a reputable issuer like Allianz Travel Insurance .
Full - spectrum policies , including protections like reimbursement for lost or delayed luggage and trip cancellation and interruption due to covered causes , typically cost 5 % to 10 % of the total value of nonrefundable insured expenses .
22 . Skip the International Phone Plan
As a general rule , short - term leisure travelers do n’t need international phone plans .
Plans backed by major U.S. networks , such as Verizon and AT&T , are quite expensive : $ 10 per day for Verizon , for example , plus per-minute charges north of $ 0.20 .
If you ’re traveling for business and need to reach local contacts by phone , an international plan may be worth the investment .
But most travelers can get by with free or cheap Internet calling apps like Skype and WhatsApp , which facilitate high - fidelity talk and text via Wi -Fi .
You can also look into a VPN service like NordVPN .
23 . Volunteer or Work While You Travel
If you do n’t mind getting your hands dirty or working up a sweat , look into travel vendors that pair volunteer or work hours with cozy lodgings and free or discounted food .
Legitimate volunteer - travel platforms abound .
Three examples are Workaway , which caters to students studying abroad and young people on gap years ; HelpX , which connects outdoorsy volunteers with organic farmers ; and WWOOF , a similar vendor that operates primarily in the developing world .
24 . Learn How to Avoid Excessive Foreign Transaction and Currency Exchange Fees
Many credit and debit cards charge foreign transaction fees ranging from 1 % to 3 % of the total transaction amount on all transactions completed outside the United States .
Fortunately , virtually all premium travel rewards credit cards waive foreign transaction fees .
So do credit cards issued by a growing number of banks and credit unions .
My wife and I were pleasantly surprised to learn that our credit union waives foreign transaction fees – an impressive feat for a regional institution with only a handful of physical branches .
Currency exchange fees can be even costlier than foreign transaction fees .
As a rule , do n’t accept any merchants ’ offers to charge your credit or debit card in U.S. dollars ( or whatever your home currency is ) .
That ’s a green light for them to charge exchange fees upward of 5 % .
Likewise , avoid currency exchange bureaus in airports and shopping areas .
They charge as much as 8 % on small - dollar transactions .
Always get foreign currency at an ATM or local bank .
25 . Avoid Airport ATMs
In some parts of the world , cash is still king .
Once you come to the realization that currency exchange windows are almost always the worst way to get local currency in retail - size tranches , you might be tempted to go for the next most convenient option : airport ATMs .
It ’s convenient not to have to worry about finding a nonsketchy ATM in an unfamiliar city – as long as you ’re OK with paying a price for said convenience .
Airport ATM fees are invariably on the upper end of the local range – perhaps double the median .
Paying an extra 2 % on a $ 500 withdrawal adds $ 10 to the transaction ’s cost , for instance .
That ’s not a great start to a supposedly frugal vacation .
26 . Keep a Spare Outfit in Your Carry - On
Full - spectrum travel insurance policies often reimburse you ( up to a predefined limit ) for expenses incurred when replacing clothing in lost or delayed luggage .
If you do n’t have travel insurance , or you do n’t want to wait weeks for your claim to be processed , keep a weather - appropriate spare outfit in your carry - on .
Most delayed bags are located within a couple of days , so one outfit should be enough to tide you over .
If you have enough room , two outfits do n’t hurt .
27 . Get Cozy in a Hostel
If you ’re not dead set on having your own private space , consider a multiperson hostel room in lieu of a private hostel or hotel suite .
At some cut -rate places , you can save even more by offering in - kind trades – for instance , taking promotional photos or writing website copy .
Look for hostels that offer additional value - adds and indirect savings opportunities , such as free or cheap tours , group excursions , and meals .
Some of the best hostel experiences I ’ve ever had involved communal meals or outings with folks I ’d met earlier in the day .
28 . Consider Camping ( Weather Permitting )
Before you book a hotel or hostel , look into the availability and legality of camping in your destination .
If you already have all the necessary equipment , camping is usually cheaper than staying under a roof , even in dorm - style accommodations .
The rub is that camping gear takes up space .
If you ’re flying solo or with one other person , get a compact pup tent and a heavy - duty duffel bag small enough to fit into the overhead bin .
REI has a compact bag specifically designed for air and train travel .
In the U.S. , basic campsites in national and state parks and forests can cost as little as $ 10 to $ 20 per night during the off - season .
Pricing is about the same in Europe , where quality campsites are often readily available near major cities .
Schlepping your tent and sleeping bag across the ocean is a heavy lift , but it ’s an excellent way to save money every single night .
29 . Take the Night Train or Bus
Stretch your lodging budget further by taking overnight transportation whenever possible .
Overnight travel is basically a two - for - one deal :
You do n’t have to pay for a hotel , and you get a few hours of shuteye .
If you ’re a light sleeper , you might struggle to adjust , but the payoff is probably worth it .
Of course , catching a few fitful hours of sleep on an overnight bus , train , or plane is n’t a perfect substitute for a full night of restful shuteye in a real , comfortable bed .
But it ’s much cheaper .
30 . Stay in a Monastery
This is a variation on the volunteer - while - you - travel theme .
It sounds weird , but it ’s totally real and totally legit .
Monastery stays are most common in Europe and parts of south and Southeast Asia , but they ’re not unheard of elsewhere .
USA Today has a good primer on what to expect from the typical monastery stay , including potentially prohibited clothing , rules for gender mixing , and the likelihood of private washing and changing areas .
Use a niche aggregator like Monastery Stays to find a comfortable option near your destination .
31 . Become a House Sitter
House - sitting is another way to reduce your lodging costs or even earn money while you travel .
You just have to accept the responsibility that comes with it .
If you ’re a dog person , use a house - sitting service that caters to pet owners .
Trusted Housesitters is a good option , though you ’ll want to make sure whatever service you choose is available in your destination country .
32 . Use House - Swap Platforms
Want the comfort of a private home without the responsibility of house - sitting ?
If you ’re OK with letting vetted strangers stay in your house , try a house - swapping platform .
Most house - swapping platforms use a membership model :
You pay a monthly or annual fee for unlimited swapping , with no added costs for the swaps themselves .
One legitimate platform is HomeExchange , the world ’s largest house - swapping site by volume .
But there are plenty of others .
Do some digging and see what ’s available in your area and destination – remember , you need to match with a house and sitter in both places .
33 . Use a Short - Term Rental Platform to Find a Private Room
Not crazy about opening up your house to fellow house swappers ?
Try another service made possible by the sharing economy : short - term house or apartment rentals .
The most bare - bones option that ’s widely available around the world is Couchsurfing , which specializes in social housing arrangements that cost little or nothing out of pocket for travelers .
You might be expected to hang out with your host or help cook a meal , but that ’s often the extent of it .
In return , you get a bed ( or couch ) to rest and recharge .
Airbnb is the best known of the more buttoned - up short - term rental platforms .
HomeAway is also quite popular .
For those not interested in Couchsurfing - style accommodations , frugal travel experts recommend looking for low - cost , low - amenity options on Airbnb .
Though the platform is inexorably moving toward more upscale whole - unit rentals , it ’s still possible to find shared rooms in bigger , more expensive cities .
And they ’re super cheap – often less than $ 30 per night .
34 . Get a Place With a Kitchen
It ’s not exactly rocket science :
If you do n’t have a place to cook for yourself , it ’s hard to avoid eating out .
And eating out is almost always more expensive than cooking your own meals .
If you book an Airbnb private room , check with the host ahead of time and confirm that you ’ll be permitted reasonable use of the home ’s kitchen .
Some hosts are reticent to allow this – an understandable position , but one worth knowing in advance .
35 . Do n’t Be Afraid of Street Food
In larger Western cities , and pretty much everywhere in many parts of the developing world , street food is consistently the cheapest option for travelers without kitchens at their disposal .
Whenever I visit major U.S. cities like San Francisco or Chicago , I relish the opportunity to try new food trucks and carts .
I ca n’t remember the last time I had a bad experience at one , and they ’re invariably cheaper than comparable sit - down restaurants .
Outside North America , the possibilities are even better .
During our five - day stay in Bangkok , Thailand , my wife and I ate lunch or dinner at just two full - service restaurants ( our hotel served breakfast ) .
We grabbed every other meal on the street , often spending as little as $ 1 to $ 2 for a filling plate of noodles or curry .
36 . Learn to Love Snacks
Snacking might not be great for your waistline , but it ’s an excellent way to trim your traveling food budget without going hungry .
Snacking is especially important on transit days , as it ’s easy to miss meals when you ’re moving around and food prices in airports and train stations are typically inflated .
I always stash an economy pack of nutrition bars in my luggage before hitting the road .
Substitute your favorite healthy , calorie - dense snack accordingly .
37 . Visit Independently Owned Eateries Near Closing Time
Trying to stretch your food budget further , but not lucky enough to have a full - service kitchen at your disposal ?
Hang around traveler - friendly eateries around closing time , when they ’re more likely to have already - prepped food and no one to buy it .
On a multicountry stint in Europe , I tried this strategy with varying degrees of success .
Not everyone was willing to hook me up , but I got a few free or discounted meals out of it .
38 . Dine Out at Lunch , Not Dinner
At traditional restaurants , lunch is almost always cheaper than dinner .
The portions are smaller , the crowds are thinner , and there ’s less alcohol flowing .
This holds true in fancier places too .
Rather than splurge on a fancy dinner at an upscale restaurant , make lunch your main meal .
You ’ll still spend a pretty penny , but far less than for a comparable dinner .
Even if you do n’t have the budget or inclination to splurge , you can save a great deal simply by reserving your restaurant meals for midday and cooking or eating prepared foods ( see below ) at dinner .
To cut your dining - out costs even more , try these tips for saving money at restaurants no matter where you are .
39 . Buy Prepared Foods at the Supermarket
I ’m a huge fan of prepared foods from the supermarket .
When I ’m out and about in my hometown during the middle of the day , I routinely substitute the supermarket salad bar or deli for a quick - service restaurant meal .
The wait is shorter , the bill is smaller , and the variety is wider .
Things are no different when I ’m away from home .
I find it particularly easy to take advantage of supermarkets ’ bounty on road trips within the U.S. , but I ’ve eaten like a king at grocery stores in Europe , Canada , and Asia too .
And it ’s not true that supermarket food is boring or nonrepresentative of local cuisine .
One of the best ( and certainly the cheapest ) sushi boxes I ’ve had anywhere in the U.S. came from a Japanese market in downtown Seattle .
40 . Bring a Reusable Water Bottle
Bottled water is bad for the environment .
Most of the fresh water used in its production is wasted , and the oil - based plastic used to store and transport it has a huge carbon footprint .
Sustainability - minded travelers should avoid bottled water whenever possible .
If eco -friendliness is n’t a top priority for you , there ’s still the issue of bottled water ’s cost .
At $ 1 to $ 3 per bottle in North America and Europe , your on - the - road bottled - water habit can quickly get expensive .
There ’s a simple fix : Bring your own reusable water bottle .
You probably have one at home already .
If not , it ’s a $ 10 investment ( or less ) .
In the developing world , where municipal water systems are n’t great and well water is often contaminated , you ’ll also want some sort of filtration system to ward off harmful microbes .
Top - of - the - line bottles with built - in filters retail for $ 50 or $ 60 online – see this $ 60 ultra - light model on Amazon for a taste of what ’s out there .
41 . Take Free ( or Cheap ) Tours
A walking or bus tour is a great way to learn about a new city while soaking up some local flavor .
In North America and Europe , you can expect to pay the equivalent of $ 20 to $ 30 per day ( or more ) for full hop - on , hop - off sightseeing bus privileges .
As a two - for - one transit - and - guided - tour deal , that ’s not outrageous .
“ Pay what you like ” walking tours are , by definition , cheaper – and not necessarily any less interesting .
Plus , walking around with a small group is a lot more social than cramming into a crowded double - decker bus .
The big downside is that you ca n’t cover as much ground , though you ’ll likely learn more about whatever you do see .
My first walking tour experience , a Free Tours by Foot production in Charleston , South Carolina , taught me more about the history of the slave trade and Civil War than I ever learned in school .
For a roughly two - hour experience , I paid $ 10 – less than I ’d pay to get into a top - flight history museum .
42 . Use Public Transit Whenever Possible
Unless you ’ve planned well in advance to take an extended journey into a countryside region not well served by mass transit , skip the rental car .
These days , you can easily get around even the most spread - out North American cities ( hello , Phoenix ) using a combination of public transportation and ridesharing services for less than the daily cost of a car rental .
In many parts of Europe , it ’s easy to get around in rural areas without a car too .
Switzerland ’s beautiful Jungfrau region is a storybook tableau of small Alpine villages , many perched on sheer cliff faces beyond the reach of the country ’s road system .
The region ’s excellent public train and cable car system is a necessity for locals and a boon for travelers visiting from Interlaken and Zurich on day or weekend excursions .
43 . Rent or Share a Bike
Biking is a healthy , usually affordable complement to public transportation and ridesharing in sizable cities , and it ’s often the fastest way to get around in smaller vacation towns .
Before you arrive at your destination , look into bike rentals and bike sharing programs .
Pricing varies , but it ’s generally possible to find a good - quality bike on Spinlister ( or an equivalent online platform ) or through a local shop from $ 15 to $ 20 per day .
Bike sharing passes usually run $ 10 less per day , with unlimited free use on rides shorter than 30 to 60 minutes .
44 . Get a Multi-Attraction Pass or Discount Card
Before you visit any major city , look into multi-attraction passes and discount cards .
CityPASS and Smart Destinations ( makers of the Go Card ) sell a dizzying array of discount packages in a dozen or more of the most popular urban tourist destinations in the U.S. : Seattle , San Francisco , Southern California , New York City , Boston , and Miami , to name a few .
On a recent trip to San Francisco , my CityPASS saved me at least $ 50 on some very worthwhile attractions , including the California Academy of Sciences – one of the best science museums I ’ve ever had the pleasure of visiting .
Abroad , you might have better luck with city - specific passes .
When my wife and I visited Lisbon , Portugal , we purchased a Lisboa Card , a multi-attraction pass that doubled as an unlimited - use transit pass .
We saw at least a dozen of the included sights at no out - of - pocket cost , recouping our investment twice over .
Bear in mind that multi-attraction discount cards are designed to encourage as much sightseeing as possible .
The more sights you can cram into a day or week ( depending on the duration you ’ve chosen ) , the less you ’ll pay per attraction .
If you ’re only interested in a couple of participating sights , it might be better to just pay full price at each .
45 . Take Advantage of Free and “ Pay What You Can ” Museum Days
Only suckers pay full price for high culture , say seasoned travel experts .
Before you buy passes online or head to the ticket window , check museums ’ websites for information about time - limited discounts .
In my experience , most museums have at least one free day or evening per month – often during extended hours on the first Thursday or Friday .
These days are especially valuable at science museums and aquariums , which tend to be pricier than all but the cream of the art museum crop .
Also look out for “ pay what you can ” days when you can literally name your own price .
46 . Check Community Calendars for Free or Cheap Events
Museums do n’t have a monopoly on free or cheap activities .
Check community calendars in your destination for interesting opportunities that wo n’t cost much ( or anything ) out of pocket .
You can usually find up - to - date calendars online at municipal or local / regional tourism websites .
It ’s worth noting that many elite museums are completely free .
In Washington , D.C. , the dozen - plus Smithsonian Institution museums are free for all .
You can easily spend a week inside the grand edifices off the National Mall without paying a dime .
47 . Take Advantage of Group or Class Discounts
Most Americans belong to at least one professional , cultural , or fraternal organization with outsize purchasing and negotiating power , such as AAA , AARP , or Rotary International .
Others belong to special demographic or cultural classes , such as students , seniors , active - duty military , or veterans .
Whether they know it or not , members of these groups and classes may be entitled to discounts , freebies , or special perks at museums , venues , restaurants , parks , cultural attractions , service providers , and more .
Even if your association does n’t promote its travel perks , it never hurts to do some research and see what you might be entitled to .
Final Word
Ultimately , your choice to accept or ignore some or all of these money - saving travel tips comes down to your personal preferences and travel style .
I wo n’t be offended if you conclude that some of these ideas do n’t really apply to your situation – though I ’d love to hear more about your favorite tricks to save money on the road if they ’re not on this list .
What ’s your favorite way to save money on vacation ?
Clubforgrowth.org
For the life of me , I do n’t understand why so many “ conservatives ” support Mike Huckabee * .
He raises taxes , increases spending , his anti-capitalist / populist rhetoric is indistinguishable from that of John Edwards ( minus the “ Two Americas ” b.s. ) , he wants a national smoking ban in all workplaces , and he once thought that AIDS patients should be quarantined !
Democrats traditionally want into our boardrooms while Republicans traditionally want into our bedrooms ; Mike Huckabee wants to be in both !
Basically , he is the William Jennings Bryan of our time .
* Well he is likable and has a great sense of humor – I ’ll give him that .
He also supports the Fair Tax .
I ’m afraid , however ; that Huckabee might do more harm to the Fair Tax movement than good because of some of the reasons I mentioned above
Britain will begin airlifting 2,000 Iraqis out of their native country as part of a plan to help Iraqis who worked for the British military to settle in the UK , The Guardian reported today .
Citing documents it had seen , the newspaper said the Home Office ( interior ministry ) and the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) were in discussions with the charity Migrant Helpline to help the Iraqis settle in Britain .
Spokespeople for both the MoD and the foreign ministry were unable to immediately comment on the report when contacted by AFP .
" The ( Iraqis ) will be accommodated for two days in Slough ( west of London ) prior to being transferred to resettlement areas in the north or in Scotland , " the documents cited by The Guardian said .
According to The Guardian , the foreign ministry said some 450 applications for resettlement in Britain has been accepted , while around 450 had been denied , with a further 100 undecided and 100 being processed .
The total of 2,000 Iraqis includes the dependents of the local staff being transferred .
The transfers will occur over a 17 - month period beginning from next month , the newspaper said , with flights carrying up to 100 Iraqis every fortnight .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced in October that Britain would help Iraqi local staff who have worked for British forces to settle in Iraq and elsewhere , including Britain under agreed circumstances .
Local staff including interpreters and translators who have worked for Britain for 12 months or more will be eligible for financial and other support , he said in a statement to lawmakers .
-AFP
The signs point increasingly to an imminent , or perhaps already begun , recession .
Ben Bernanke has in effect pledged to do whatever is necessary .
But does the Fed have what it takes ?
Some musings :
Monetary policy mainly exerts its influence through housing : high interest rates squeeze home construction , low rates encourage it .
Interest rates have much less direct effect on business investment .
The reason ?
Housing lasts much longer .
Suppose you take out a loan to buy a machine whose economic life is only 5 years — which is highly likely , given both physical wear and tear and technological obsolescence .
How much difference does it make whether the interest rate on the loan is 4 percent or 6 percent ?
Not much : the monthly payment on a 5 - year loan at 4 % is less than 5 % lower than the monthly payment on a loan at 6 % .
So interest rates do n’t have much effect on business investment .
On the other hand , suppose you buy a house with a 30 - year mortgage .
The monthly payment on a 4 % mortgage is more than 20 percent lower than on a 6 % mortgage .
So interest rates make a lot of difference to housing .
So here ’s what normally happens in a recession : the Fed cuts rates , housing demand picks up , and the economy recovers .
But this time the source of the economy ’s problems is a bursting housing bubble .
Home prices are still way out of line with fundamentals :
So : is it even possible for the Fed to cut interest rates enough to create a renewed housing boom ?
( The Fed can cut the overnight rate all the way to zero , but even large changes in the overnight rate can have only modest effects on mortgage interest rates , if the market perceives those changes as temporary . )
If it can ’t , how much can the Fed really do to help the economy ?
Those are n’t rhetorical questions .
I ’m actually not sure how bad things will get — remember , we still have help from booming exports .
But it ’s not too hard to tell stories in which monetary policy does n’t have enough mojo to deal with our current problems .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
The report urges pricing of transport impacts such as air quality
The Institution of Mechanical Engineers ( IMechE ) says changes are needed to government policies on transport pricing , energy and town planning .
A train journey can produce about one tenth of the carbon emissions generated if the same trip is made by air .
The report 's authors say substantial investment in the railways is needed .
New developments should take account of what we can learn from the Japanese system
Bill Banks , IMechE
" Eighty - five percent of transport emissions come from roads , so if we are serious about doing something , we must hit road transport . "
Learning Japanese
Comparing emissions between various forms of transport is not a straightforward matter , as factors such as the efficiency of engines , the number of people on board and , for electric trains , how the electricity was generated all affect the final equation .
IMechE calculates that on average London to Paris trips , people travelling by car generate two and a half times more CO2 than those relaxing in a train , while an air passenger produces 10 times more .
Road pricing is set to spread to more areas of the UK
Emissions from electric trains are of course much lower if the electricity comes mainly from low - carbon sources .
The report 's authors said Britain could learn much from countries with superb rail systems , such as Japan , where trains routinely arrive and depart on the minute , equipment failures are rare , and where many railway stations form centrepieces of cities and districts .
" Spatial planning has to be considered , and new developments should take account of what we can learn from the Japanese system , " observed Bill Banks from Strathclyde University , deputy president of IMechE .
Train companies should consider offering services like wi-fi internet access throughout , and improving catering services so that rail travel becomes something to look forward to .
Top prices
The report 's authors acknowledge that the price of rail tickets can be prohibitive , sometimes costing many times more than the air equivalent .
One remedy they suggest is proper pricing of all transport options to include environmental impacts .
They also suggest tickets could include references to the relative carbon output of different modes of transport .
Whatever changes are made , IMechE considers the " modal shift " will necessitate some investment in infrastructure , including new high - speed lines that can carry more trains significantly faster than the UK 's existing stock .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
The U.S. system of detention in Iraq is a debacle .
Along with a solid amount of hardened criminals and / or insurgents , a tremendous number of detained Iraqis are guilty only of being in the wrong place at the wrong time , rounded up in operations as peripherals .
It ’s not a new issue , but it is a sort of undercover problem that causes tremendous problems .
The intelligence process with these guys is virtually nonexistent ( not enough translators , not enough interrogators , not enough communication between national and unit intel , etc. ) , and if you think the U.S. prison system is a petri dish for education in violence and extremism , the situation in Iraq makes that look like day care .
Ilan over at DemocracyArsenal has more on recent reports that the U.S. is holding more than 23,000 prisoners :
The U.S. government can’t exactly let them go because a lot of these detainees are dangerous people .
On the other hand , giving over a prison population , which is 86 % Sunni , to a Shi ’a dominated government in the middle of a civil war does n’t exactly strike me as a good idea .
However , if American forces are going to eventually leave they ’ll have to figure out what to do with all these guys .
Some combination of amnesty and turnover is required , and sooner rather than later .
I have seen little ( if any ) analysis of what to do about this in redeployment plans and reporting , and the longer it goes , and the more people it includes , the worse the eventual result .
Reading brings to mind wisdom , the exchange of ideas and quiet contemplation .
It does not bring to mind people who need help putting their pants on .
These books change all of that .
This book contains enough compressed stupidity to erase all science as far back as the middle ages .
The title alone proves the retardedness of everyone who 's even touched it three times over :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
1 ) They had to write both Lotto and Lottery on the cover , for fear of missing half their target market .
" Dur , this book is for lott - e- ry , dat sounds more fancier than the lotto we simple folk play ' round these parts "
2 ) The use of " everyday players " make you realize that the target market for this book is a group of folks who think of themselves as mere regular players , while a secret cabal of professionals keeps scooping all the jackpots .
Why , if only these everyday players had access to some kind of inside knowledge !
3 ) Third .
Goddamn .
Edition .
We have no idea what possible refinements to lotto - winning technology the author could be adding each time , short of scribbling " hahaha , oh God this is working -- I can't believe it 's working " all over the proof copy before sending it back to the printers .
A third edition of anything has n't damaged our faith in humanity so much since the newspapers ran their " Princess Diana - - still dead " memorials in 2000 .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The back - cover blurb is an even richer treasure trove of anti-logic .
Professor Smith proudly promises to reveal the secrets of interpreting your dreams with the end goal of predicting the winning lotto numbers .
We hate to break it to you but if the best your conscious mind can come up with is " buy a book about how to win the lotto written by someone who has not done so , " then we 're guessing your mind is not an unharnessed money - making probability super - predictor .
This book is simply cruel .
Buying a lotto ticket may be a tax on people who do n't understand statistics , but it still provides that momentary hope -- those few seconds where you get to picture yourself as a filthy rich hedonist .
This book systematically harnesses and murders those hopes , telling the reader that playing the lotto is actually a valid financial strategy and something that can be worked at .
When you 're taking money AND killing the dreams of those with nothing to hope for but winning the lottery , you have officially reached the rank of King Bastard .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
What You Could 've Bought :
An Elementary Introduction to the Theory of Probability
As we all know , Nancy Pelosi's " Capitulation Congress " will do absolutely everything it can to avoid a battle with Bush over his utter contempt for the Constitution , the Rule of Law , and even Congress itself .
Remember Pelosi's 2006 campaign reason # 1 for electing a Democratic Congress ?
" Subpoena power . "
So what about all those subpoenas Bush flagrantly and illegally defied in 2007 ?
Never mind , says Pelosi .
House Democrats will postpone votes on criminal contempt citations against White House chief of staff Joshua Bolten and former White House counsel Harriet Miers , while congressional leaders work with President Bush on a bipartisan stimulus package to fend off an economic downturn , according to party leaders and leadership aides .
Senior Democrats have decided that holding a controversial vote on the contempt citations , which have already been approved by the House Judiciary Committee as part of its investigation into the firing of nine U.S. attorneys , would “ step on their message ” of bipartisan unity in the midst of the stimulus package talks .
Ah , " bipartisan unity . "
If that phrase means anything , does n't it require compromise by both parties ?
So why is it that since Reagan came to Washington in 1981 - including the 8 years of President Clinton - " bipartisan unity " has always meant Democratic capitulation to Republicans ?
Every progressive knows what Republican Grover Norquist famously said : " Bipartisanship is another name for date rape . "
At the moment , the Washington Establishment - and Democratic " leaders " - believe the slightest hint of Constitutional conflict would terrify financial markets and trigger a Depression .
So if " bipartisan unity " is the issue - above - all - other - issues , why does n't the Washington Establishment demand that Bush show some bipartisanship by respecting lawful ( and entirely justified ) Congressional subpoenas ?
American business leaders arrogantly tell foreign leaders that economic growth is impossible without the " Rule of Law . "
Well without the basic legal tool of subpoenas , there is no rule of law - in the third world or in the U.S .
Just imagine what Bush would say if Vladimir Putin defied subpoenas from his Parliament .
By refusing to hold Bush in contempt , Congress is allowing Bush to be more of a dictator than Putin .
Personally , I believe the single most important thing Congress could do to prevent a Depression and restore the pillars of our legal - economic system is to get to the source of all White House legal obstruction - by starting impeachment hearings for Dick Cheney as advocated by Rep. Robert Wexler .
Why ?
First , consider the alternatives .
Financial markets around the world think a $ 150 billion economic stimulus is utterly useless in the context of the massive collapse of the U.S. mortgage industry and the banks that tried to milk it .
That 's precisely why global markets plunged 5 - 10 % on Monday .
Why did the mortage industry collapse ?
Simple : Bush 's government stopped regulating it and let the banks create a gigantic bubble by offering reckless and even criminal mortgages to people who could not afford them .
Who in the White House waged war against all forms of economic regulation ?
Dick Cheney , of course .
And speaking of war , another major reason for our profound economic problems is Iraq .
After predicting a cost - free war , Bush 's disastrous occupation has already forced him to borrow $ 500 billion from China and the Arab oil monarchies , driving down the dollar and discouraging foreign investment .
Who demanded the war in Iraq ?
Dick Cheney , of course .
Speaking of oil , the indirect economic costs of Iraq have dwarfed the direct budget costs .
Oil was under $ 30 per barrel before Bush 's invasion , but the political instability caused by the invasion has helped drive oil near $ 100 per barrel .
This has driven up costs throughout the economy , cut business profits , and slashed consumer spending power .
Another drag on the U.S. economy is hard to measure but still large - corruption .
Bush and his huge - donor " Rangers " brought crony capitalism to Washington and killed competitive bidding in favor of corrupt no -bid contracts .
The result was predictable - massive waste and cost overruns .
Who was the driving force behind Bush 's crony capitalism ?
Dick Cheney , of course .
Bush 's disastrous policies in all three areas - economic regulation , foreign / military policy , and government waste - have driven the U.S. economy to the verge of another Great Depression .
Just as Karl Rove was " The Architect " of Bush 's political strategy , Dick Cheney was - and remains - " The Architect " of Bush 's economic and military policies .
So as long as Dick Cheney controls these policies , absolutely nothing will change .
You 've heard about the concept of " the wisdom of crowds " , right ?
It basically means that although you by yourself are an idiot , when you 're surrounded by a lot of other idiots your collective idiocy merges into one giant superbrain that makes excellent decisions : if everyone agrees , you can't go wrong !
Well , that 's basically what the internet has become , because every website we come across — especially ones devoted to say , free porn videos — has instituted some sort of rating or popularity system in order to determine what content is the absolute bestest there is .
So we 've gathered the highest ranking clip from five popular ( and remember , popular = " the best " ) video sharing sites and gathered them here so you can see that wisdom at work .
Now you may be thinking to yourself , " I 've seen better videos than these on the web before , " but what do you know ... you were wrong !
Are you seriously going to second - guess the entire internet ?
Did n't think so .
- - -
Click to view
· Japanese School Girls ( Megarotic )
- - -
Click to view
· Brunette Does Anal in Reverse Cowgirl ( Shufuni )
- - -
Click to view
· First time on Camera ( PornoTube )
- - -
Click to view
· " 18yr Old Girl Gets a Surprise Creampie in the Gloryhole " ( Haporn )
- - -
· Sexy Blonde having some Fun ( RedTube )
* * * * *
Previously : Video Playpen Archive
Tagged in : anal , blowjob , clips , feature , hardcore , japanese , straight , teh internets , video , video playpen ,
Simple - we put up an action figure a day .
If you subscribe to us , a vintage Star Wars action figure / vehicle goes to your RSS reader daily .
How much more nostalgia could you want ?
Remember to click on the pictures to see them up - close and full - size !
職業マスメディアに代わって、ブログスタイルのニュースサイトが人気を博す時代になってきた。海外の話題を写真の転載で紹介する安直なニュースも人気だ。
このことろなぜか、無線LANのセキュリティ設定について書かれた記事を何度か見た。おそらく、ニンテンドーDSがWEPしかサポートしていないことが不安をもたらしている（そして実際に危険をもたらしている）ためだろうと思われる。
セキュリティの解説が増えてきたのはよいことなのだが、内容に誤りのあるものが少なくない。
実は危険な無 線LAN , らばQ , 2007 年10 月21 日
この記事には次の記述があるが、「接続されなければMACアドレスは盗まれない」という誤解があるようだ。
MACアドレスというのは、機器固有のIDのようなものです。たいていの無線LANアクセスポイントにはMACアドレスフィルタリングの機能がついており、接続する機械の
MACアドレスをあらかじめ登録しておくことで、未登録のMACアドレスを持った機器が繋がらないように設定できます。 ただし、MACアドレスはものによっては書き換える事が可能で、登録してあるMACアドレスのリストなどが盗まれた場合などは簡単に侵入されてしまいます。
しかし、そもそもLANに接続できなければそう簡単には盗まれないですし、総当たりするのも簡単ではないですから、多少はセキュリティ向上が期待できます。 実は危険な無線LAN , らばQ
これについて次のように追記で訂正されたが、その訂正内容も間違っている。
無線LANの通信を傍受し、暗号を解読してしまえばMACアドレスは漏洩するとのことです。確かに考えてみればあたりまえですね。すっかりボケてました。すみません。 実は危険な無線LAN , らばQ
MAC アドレスは暗号化されない。
どうも、MACアドレスがどういうものかイメージがわかないまま、「MACアドレスによる接続制限」のことが語られているようだ。ここはもうズバリどういうことなのかを示して、誰でもイメージをつかめるようにしておくべきだと思うので、次の図をここに示しておく。
図1は、無線LANの管理用ソフトウェアを用いて、傍受したWi-Fi信号を表示させた様子だ。（自分の無線LAN機器間の通信を自分で傍受したもの。）
このように 、Wi-Fiの電波信号は、データ（ピンク色の部分）に対してヘッダとして「送信元MAC」アドレスと「送信先MAC」アドレスを付加して（図中の矢印の部分）飛ばされている。暗号化されている部分はピンク色の部分にあり、ヘッダ部分は暗号化されていない。
したがって、攻撃者は、侵入しようとする無線LANの近くで正規接続者の通信信号を傍受することにより、正規接続者のMACアドレスを知得し、同じMACアドレスを設定した無線LANクライアントで接続してしまう。
これは、有 線LANにおけるMACアドレス接続制限と違って、不正接続の防止効果が格段に小さい。有線LANでは接続するとMACアドレスが見えるのに対し、無線LANでは接続しなくても見える。
このことが意外に理解されていないようで、たとえば以下のブログでも、「接続すれば見える」かのようなことが書かれていた。
セキュリティのセの字も考えてないライブドアの公衆無線LANサービス ,
Web屋のネタ帳 , 2006 年12月25 日 MACアドレスのよくある誤解その２： 「 MACアドレスはその機器（PC等）の持ち主しか知りえない 」 そんなわけない。Windowsのコマンドプロンプトを開いて「arp -a」とたたいてみよう。 このように、同じLANにいる隣近所のマシンのMACアドレスを見ることができる。（略）
別にこんな技術的なテクニックを使わずとも、NICカード（orそれを搭載した機器）そのものにMACアドレスが書いてあったりすることもある。
こういう中途半端な理由を挙げていると、むしろ半可通のセキュリティ屋に「やれることはやっておくのがセキュリティの常識なんですよ」などとナンセンスなことを言わせる隙を与えるだけだろう。「接続しなければ見えないのだから」とか、「部屋に侵入されなければNICカードに書かれたMACアドレスを見られることはないのだから」とか、むしろ誤解を誘発してしまう。
WPA による暗号化が有効に働いていれば、鍵を知る者以外には接続できないのだから、MACアドレス接続制限をする必要性は全くない。
それなのに、なぜか、 「 暗号化で秘匿 」 「 MACアドレスで接続制限」の両方が必要だと勘違いした解説がたくさん出回っている。
どうしてこんなことになってしまっているのか。「国民のための情報セキュリティサイト」が読まれて誤解が広まっているのかもしれないが、archive.orgの記録によると、そのページは以前は（たとえば2007年5月5日の時点で）次のように書かれていたようだ。
無線LANを安全に利用するためには、少なくとも以下の3つの設定をすべて行ってください。（略）
WEPによる暗号化を設定し、暗号化鍵を定期的に変更する。
MACアドレスによるフィルタリングを設定する。 外部の人にSSIDを簡単に分からないように設定する（推測しにくいIDにする、SSIDを見えなくするためのステルス機能を利用する）。
いまどきWEPはないだろうということで、誰かが指摘したのか、現在は「 WPA-PSK方式等」に修正されている。
たしかに、この解説が最初に書かれたころの昔は、WEPしか使えない現実があった。そして、WEPの脆弱性が指摘されて、WEPでは危ないということが知られていた。そうすると、「どう設定すればよいか」の解説を書かされる人は困ってしまう。解決策がないからだ。しかたなく、苦肉の策として「とりあえず3つやっておけ」と書いてお茶を濁さざるを得なかったのかもしれない。
そうすると、その種の解説を読んだ半可通が、「キリッ」とした顔で、
鍵破り対策は 「 破られないこと」より「破る手間を増やすこと」が重要です。「破れない鍵」が存在しない以上、手間を増やして時間をかけさせ、その間に諦めさせたり、鍵破りを検知したりして対応するわけです。 実は危険な無線LAN , らばQ
てなことを言い出してしまう。
WEP を使用せざるを得ないときに、MACアドレス接続制限を加えることに意味があるかというと、全く意味がない。なぜなら、WEPの暗号をクラックする際には、同時にMACアドレスも見えているからだ。
一般向けの対策はシンプルでなければ普及しない
。WPA 、WPA2を使用し、適切な鍵設定をすることだけを奨めればよいだろう。SSIDはどうでもいい。
参考にするのに相応しいのは次の資料だと思う。
安心して無 線LANを利用するために , 無線LANセキュリティ調査研究会編 , 総務省
この資料では、p.16とp.17 で、「家庭 レベ ル2 」 「オフィス レベル2」の対策として、WPA-PSKを挙げており、そこには「 MACアドレスフィルタリング」「 SSID 」の記述はない。
なお、鍵はに は「13文字以上の文字列を設定することが望まれます」とある。昨今の無線LAN機器では、pre-shared key のこと を 「
パスワード」と表現するものがある（iPod touch など）ため、誤解を招いて、8文字程度のものを付けてしまうことがありそうだが、注意したい。
ところで、元の話題に戻って、ニンテンドーDSがWEPしかサポートしていないことにどう対処するかだが、最近は、家庭向けの無線LANルータでも、「マルチSSID 」「マルチAP」あるいは「マルチセキュリティ」などと呼ばれる、複数の無線ネットワークを提供して別々の暗号化設定を選べる機種が売られている。
マル チSSID , NEC
マル チAP機能 , コレガ
無線LAN暗号化レベ ル“ AES ” “ TKIP ” “ WEP ” を混在利用でき る 「 マルチセキュリティ」機能搭載 , バッファロ ー
これらを買えば、家庭 内LAN用にWPA 設定したネットワークを使い、それとは別に、家庭内LANから分離されたWEP設定のネットワーク用意してニンテンドーDS用に使うというわけだ。
それによって何が解決するかというと、まずその前に、WEPの暗号が破られることによる脅威には何があるかを確認しておくと、
通信内容を盗聴されたり改竄されたり、あるいは、偽のアクセスポイントに誘い込まれて、その結果として、秘密を知られたり、パスワードやクレジットカード番号を盗まれたり、ログイン状態を乗っ取られてお金を盗まれたりする。
LANに侵入されて、LANに接続されたコンピュータに認証のかかっていないものがあれば、そこからファイルを盗まれたりする。
インターネット接続回線を勝手に使用され、悪いことに使われた場合に、犯人の嫌疑をかけられる。
の3つに分けられるわけだが、このうち、1. と 2 . は解決する 。（ただし、ニンテンド ーDSからはLANのサーバに接続するのを諦め、ニンテンドーDSからのアクセスは盗聴されてもかまわない利用しかしない と諦める。）
しかし、3 . は解決しない。この問題をどう考えるか。
いっそのこと、Fonを設置して、公開用ネットワーク（FON_AP）の方を使ってはどうかと考えた（その場合、攻撃者はFONにログインする必要が生じて足がつく？ ので、責任をFon運営者に転嫁することができるかも？）が、ニンテンドーDSにはブラウザがない（別売り）ためログインできないのだとか。
じゃあ、近くの電柱にlivedoor Wirelessのアクセスポイントがあるなら、ニンテンドーDSのMACアドレスを登録してlivedoor
Wirelessにつなぐとか。しかし、この場合も、MACアドレス盗聴により、成りすまして使われる可能性があるという意味では、3.と同様の脅威は生ずる 。
どうしようもないので、3 .
の問題は当面諦めるしかないのでは。2つの無線ネットワークを使用し、WEPに設定した方のネットワークは電波を弱くして、アクセスポイントの近くで遊ぶようにするくらいしかない。その意味で、USB型のアクセスポイント（「ゲーム機専用」などと謳われている）を用いると、（アルミホイルなどで）電波を弱めやすく、都合が良いのかもしれない。
なお、WEPをクラックして他人の無線LANを勝手に使う行為は、電波法第109条の2により、罰則付きで違法行為とされている。
電波法 第109条の2 暗号通信を傍受した者又は暗号通信を媒介する者であつて当該暗号通信を受信したものが、当該暗号通信の秘密を漏らし、又は窃用する目的で、その内容を復元したときは、1年以下の懲役又は50万円以下の罰金に処する。
2 無線通信の業務に従事する者が、前項の罪を犯したとき（その業務に関し暗号通信を傍受し、又は受信した場合に限る。）は、2年以下の懲役又は100万円以下の罰金に処する。
3 前2項において「暗号通信」とは、通信の当事者（当該通信を媒介する者であつて、その内容を復元する権限を有するものを含む。）以外の者がその内容を復元できないようにするための措置が行われた無線通信をいう。
4 第1項及び第2項の未遂罪は、罰する。 5 第1項、第2項及び前項の罪は、刑法第4条の2の例に従う。
また、他人の無 線LAN機器のMACアドレスを詐称して、制限されたネットワークに接続する行為は、不正アクセス禁止法第3条2項2号または3号の不正アクセス行為に該当する可能性があるかもしれない 。
もっとも、詐欺などのより悪質な罪を犯そうとする者に対してこれらの法律が抑止力になるのかどうか……。ただ、民事上の名誉毀損に問われ得る掲示板書き込み等に対しては、これらが抑止力になりそうではある。
といったところか 。
The other day I realized how much the Fed ’s attempts to resolve the financial mess resemble sterilized foreign exchange intervention .
That set me thinking about other parallels — and I realized how much the stories now being told about “ systemic margin calls ” and all that resemble the stories we all tried to tell about the Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 98 .
Leverage , balance sheet effects , self - reinforcing financial collapse — the details are different , but there are some clear common themes .
You can see my old “ cartoon model ” of the Asian crisis here .
What would a comparable cartoon analysis of the current crisis look like ?
Think of the demand for “ securities ” — lumping together all the stuff that ’s in trouble , from subprime to Alt - A to corporate bonds , as if it were all the same .
Ordinarily we ’d think of a downward sloping demand curve .
At a given point in time , there ’s a fixed supply of these securities that has to be held by someone , so the market would look like this :
But in the current situation , a lot of securities are held by market players who have leveraged themselves up .
When prices fall beyond a certain point , they get calls from Mr. Margin , and have to sell off some of their holdings to meet those calls .
The result can be a stretch of the demand curve that ’s sloped the “ wrong way ” : falling prices actually reduce demand .
So the market could look like this :
In this case , there are two equilibria , H and L. ( there ’s one in the middle , but it ’s unstable )
And this introduces the possibility of self - fulfilling panic : if something spooks the market , you can get a “ systemic margin call ” that causes the whole financial market to go to L , and causes a big , unnecessary price decline .
Implicitly , Fed policy seems to be based on the view that if only they can restore confidence — with extra liquidity to the banks , Fed fund rate cuts , whatever — they can get us out of L and back to H .
That ’s the LTCM model : Rubin and Greenspan met a crisis with a rate cut and a show of confidence , and the whole thing went away .
But at this point a series of rate cuts and other stuff just has n’t done the trick — which suggests that maybe there is n’t a high - price equilibrium out there at all .
Maybe the underlying losses in housing and elsewhere are sufficiently large that the situation really looks like this :
And in that case , the Fed ca n’t rescue the financial markets .
All it — and the feds in general — can do is to try to limit the effects of financial crisis on the rest of the economy .
This is all pretty crude — but it ’s at least a start to thinking about the mess we ’re in .
Actually , I ’ve been struck by how little analytical thinking I ’ve seen about the current financial crisis .
Economists , it ’s time to come to the aid of your country !
By ALICE KING
Last updated at 00:51 22 February 2008
My first taste of champagne - I have been told - was at my christening , a golden drop from the tip of my mother 's little finger .
Yes , as far back as I can remember , I loved champagne .
Scroll down for more ...
Fading fuzz : Alice King seemed to have an ideal life , but she was succumbing to alcoholism
Those dancing bubbles are the froth of daydreams .
In reality we were n't affluent enough to drink it on a regular basis , though my father , a wine shipper , conjured it up for every Christening - and there were nine of us children .
I was fascinated by my father 's job .
While my classmates would write lovingly of their pets , I was soaking the labels off wine bottles and teaching my friends how to differentiate between a Bordeaux and Burgundy bottle from its shape .
As I grew up , it became clear I had a talent for tasting wine .
After taking a course in journalism , I got a job as an editorial assistant on Decanter , " the world 's finest wine magazine " .
I quickly rose through the ranks and by the age of 22 had become deputy editor .
My inexperience did n't faze me .
I was determined to taste as many wines as possible , and simply could n't pull the corks fast enough .
I was just 21 when I had gone to interview Niall , a flamboyant wine merchant with a shop in Hungerford , Berkshire .
He seemed to have achieved a lot in his 27 years .
He had his own company and was an accomplished musician .
He knew about wine and had a shop full of it .
I was fascinated .
We fell in love quickly and six months later bought a cottage together in a village just outside Hungerford .
Six months after that , we were married .
We honeymooned on the Isle of Mull .
I packed two cases of champagne with my trousseau .
Back home and settling into married life , not a day passed without us sharing a bottle or two over supper .
It was perfectly normal to talk , write , taste and drink wine all day at work , then come home and carry on .
Our marriage was passionate .
Fireworks were commonplace in such a volatile , wine - fuelled environment .
But I loved Niall with an intensity I did n't understand .
I worked hard and began to travel extensively .
I enjoyed the life of a cosseted journalist , treated to the best of everything - first - class tickets , the best wines , restaurants and hotels .
Then one day , after catching a very early flight after a weeklong tour of chateaux in Bordeaux with Niall , I noticed that my left hand was shaking .
How bizarre .
Jet lag , maybe .
With two incomes and no children , we got wrapped up in the " more , more " culture of the early Eighties and soon bought a larger property in Hungerford - Avon House , a majestic , fourstorey , 19 - room Victorian townhouse - even though our cottage had n't yet sold .
I liked to party until I dropped , but I 'd sometimes catch myself feeling sad , empty and alone , particularly if we 'd spent time with a happy , relaxed couple or family - who were n't drinking and arguing as much as we were .
In recovery : Alice King , after she gave up drinking , in reflection
It was around this time that , after going to one particularly drunken party without Niall , I woke to find myself naked in bed in a stranger 's spare bedroom .
Shocked , it took me quite some time to work out where I was and how I 'd got there .
Eventually , I realised that after leaving the party and failing to get into the friends ' house that I was supposed to be staying in ( it turned out I had been trying the wrong door ) , I had taken a cab back to the party - only to find everyone had gone to bed .
Even though it was 5 am , I rang all the bells in the apartment block in which they lived until one of the neighbours let me in .
When we still could n't rouse the party hosts , the neighbour had suggested I sleep in his spare room .
I had never met him before and no one knew where I was .
Embarrassed and horrified by my recklessness , I vowed never to drink so much again .
But it was a vow I could n't keep .
Nothing beats the thrill of your first book , of seeing your name on the cover .
Winewise was published in 1987 , when I was just 26 , and generated huge publicity , with newspaper and magazine reviews , plus radio and TV interviews and appearances .
It was all heady stuff , but underneath I was terrified .
I would throw up from nerves before going in front of the television cameras , rewarding myself with a large drink or six when I returned home .
All this publicity resulted in a column in this newspaper followed by other columns in glossy magazines .
Several magazines ran profiles on my lifestyle - even my marriage .
Sometimes they interviewed Niall and me together .
Asked for my recipe for a successful marriage , I answered : " To love , honour and laugh . "
Increasingly , though , I was n't laughing .
There were rows at home .
I would wake up most mornings with my heart racing , in addition to the usual hangover .
We had borrowed money from my father to pay for Avon House and I was worried about the repayments .
Wine was the only thing that calmed my nerves .
Then , in 1992 I discovered I was pregnant .
I had always planned on having children , I just had n't quite decided when .
But after we had got over the initial shock , Niall and I were delighted .
During the pregnancy I cut down on drinking - at most allowing myself a glass a day - and for a time things seemed to get better .
We had two more children in quick succession , but they could n't paper over the cracks in our relationship .
We were arguing constantly and Niall 's business was in trouble .
A couple of times , suppliers knocked on our door demanding money .
I reacted by pouring myself another glass of wine .
My tolerance for alcohol became unpredictable .
I would be drunk when I did n't think I should be , and often felt extremely sick .
In 1994 , Niall 's company stuttered to a stop .
I had to work to keep us afloat , but the more I was out , the more irritable Niall seemed to become .
We tried marriage guidance , but it seemed to drive us further apart .
In 1997 , only months after our third child was born , we split .
To my great distress , Niall - who had moved into a smaller local home while I stayed in Avon House - married again within a year of our divorce .
Even though I had wanted a divorce , it still hurt .
I remember bumping into his new wife one day , when she was with my kids .
The pain was so bad , I went on a three - day bender .
It was the only way I knew how to quell my feelings of anger and hurt .
I had a string of affairs and one - night - stands .
Some I ended up seeing for a few months and made me feel better about myself .
Others just left me depressed and often embarrassed by my drunken behaviour .
Then in 2001 , I was forced to sell Avon House .
An incometax demand for £ 46,000 was one thing ; no income to pay it with was another .
I barely even had enough to pay my mortgage .
Worse still , all my work had dried up .
I 'd had a lucrative contract with Tesco as a consultant , but they 'd recently declined to renew it and my income had nose - dived .
All right , I had got horribly drunk at one corporate dinner .
Embarrassing .
Not a good plan .
Actually , I could n't remember much about it , so did n't know how bad I 'd been .
The children seemed unrattled by it all , but they were young and I shielded them from as much as possible .
Instead , I decided I no longer needed such a large home and used the money from the house sale to pay off my debts and the taxman .
But cash - strapped , I 'd gone from owning the biggest house in the street to renting the smallest .
Any capital I had was disappearing fast at the bottom of the glass .
My stomach was hurting and my back ached continuously .
I thought that perhaps I ' d picked up some kind of bug somewhere .
Every time I went to the loo , bright green or yellow liquid poured out of me .
My mother asked me if I thought it was to do with my drinking .
" Do n't be stupid ! " I snapped .
I did n't drink that much .
I 'd always had a weak stomach .
Only one thing for it , one thing that could take away the dull ache in my back - neat vodka , straight from the freezer .
I prided myself on not taking painkillers .
By 2004 , things had reached an all - time low .
One morning I woke up in a police cell .
After dropping the kids at their father 's I had driven to a local restaurant where I 'd downed two bottles of Montepulciano before deciding to visit a man who had recently dumped me .
The police caught me trying to drive my car out of the restaurant car park .
When I was finally let out of the police station after eight hours , I had the shakes .
Instead of going home , I headed straight for Café Rouge and ordered a large glass of red .
And another .
I was on my fourth when a friend arrived to pick me up .
I received a year 's ban , to be reduced to nine months if I agreed to attend a drink - awareness course on Saturday mornings .
There were 14 of us on the " naughty course " , as I came to call it .
We would carry on our research in the pub afterwards .
I had been seeing a therapist for five years , since my divorce from Niall .
She was always talking about me taking responsibility and not blaming everyone else for my perceived misfortunes - for the mess my life was in .
And it was a mess - my drinking was out of control .
I had no money , no work , no self - respect .
I could n't hide from that any longer , not even in a glass .
One afternoon in January 2005 , when the kids were with Niall , I left my therapy session and headed straight to a bar .
I was standing there , just about to start on my second glass of rosé when I felt hot , my legs went weak , the pub went fuzzy ... and the world went out .
I came to on the floor , with the publican looking at me in shocked concern .
I could taste blood in my mouth .
Apparently , I had gone down like a felled tree .
I told the paramedics I was fine .
I was more embarrassed than anything else .
I was n't even drunk - not on one glass of rosé , surely ?
I took a taxi home and went straight to my bedroom .
I looked in the mirror and was horrified - my skin was grey and my eyes bloodshot .
There was a chip on my front tooth and a scrape on my forehead .
I must have banged my head when I fell .
At that moment I realised : " It 's true - I am responsible for my life .
" No one else .
I can't keep doing this to myself .
I can't keep drinking .
I 'm sick and tired of being sick and tired . "
I decided to stop drinking .
Only total abstinence was going to get my life back .
I had been too unreliable for too long - always trying to find someone to pick up the boys from nursery or school because I was drunk .
If I did get to the school , I 'd avoid other parents in case they noticed I could barely stand .
My idea of a day out had been to take the boys to the pub - or leave someone to look after them while I went out .
It was hard .
At lunchtimes and 6 pm , drink - trigger times , I 'd pace round the garden or find something to keep me busy .
I felt relieved and bereft at the same time - but once past the first week it was a joy to fall asleep rather than pass out .
On week five , I was asked to do a water - tasting piece for TV .
We filmed it locally , and I got chatting to a man I knew from the village .
Martin was a recovering alcoholic and suggested I go to an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting with him .
In my eyes I was n't an alcoholic , of course , but reasoned that since I was n't drinking anyway , I might as well go to AA .
During the meeting , people told their stories - and the similarities to my situation , my feelings , my drinking were scary .
I thought back over my life , realising that every time something had happened I had n't felt comfortable with , my reaction had been to have a drink .
Was I really like these people ?
My mind went back over one man 's story , how he had kidded himself for years that he did n't have a problem .
The signs were there for others to see , he said , but he had been blind to them .
Was I like that ?
Surely it was just bad luck , losing all that work ?
And losing my driving licence was a case of wrong place , wrong time .
Was n't it ?
At home , I lay in bed , thinking about the meeting .
I felt something I had n't felt since ... oh , I could n't remember when .
Hope .
At the next meeting , I listened to a woman describe her symptoms - then explain how , by accepting her alcoholism and staying sober , she now had a wonderful relationship with her children .
In that second , I realised with horror that I had been an absent mother , that alcohol had become my all - consuming baby .
I was not here by accident - I was an alcoholic .
It is now three years since I had my last drink - supported by AA , I have managed to turn my life around completely .
Now I drink tea instead of alcohol and exercise or read instead of spending endless hours in the pub .
I 'm still single , but that 's not important .
I 'm there for my children , friends and family , who no longer have to worry about my drinking and my health - I 'm no longer out of breath , suffering from the shakes and having kidney pains .
If ever I feel like a drink I pick up the phone , not a bottle , and talk .
I feel blessed to have rediscovered me .
• Adapted from High Sobriety : Confessions Of A Drinker by Alice King , published by Orion on March 13 at £ 16.99 .
° Alice King 2008 .
In a murder prosecution with no body and no eyewitnesses , the most damning evidence against programmer Hans Reiser is the way he comported himself in the days and weeks following the disappearance of his estranged wife .
Now , after five months of testimony , a jury of 12 will soon have to answer the question of whether Reiser 's manner while under police investigation is enough to convict him of murder .
They 'll have to rule , in effect , on Reiser 's " geek defense . "
" Jurors are wondering whether he is just odd on the outside , " said Richard Waites , a Los Angeles psychologist and attorney .
" Or whether he is odd on the outside but with a defective moral structure on the inside . "
In his defense , the developer of the ReiserFS filesystem took the stand and displayed himself to jurors as a classic geek : intelligent , paranoid , anti-authoritarian , socially distant and at times logical to the point of irrationality .
Whether this is truly Reiser 's nature or not , the archetype is well - known in the computer programming world , and its representatives can be found in groups like the Cypherpunks , Ron Paul supporters , Slashdot users and Wired.com readers .
But as Reiser 's rambling discourse visibly alienates the trial judge , his own lawyer , and , judging from body language , some of the jurors , the question is whether jurors will understand the geek defense .
And if they do , will they find it adequate to explain Reiser 's behavior ?
For the geek defense to work , the jury does n't have to believe that the police investigating Reiser are crooked .
Instead , jurors must believe that Reiser believed it himself : that the programmer started with the proposition that police == corrupt and followed it , with irrational logic , right down the rabbit hole .
Reiser testified he believed the police investigating his wife 's disappearance would immediately settle on him as a suspect .
After consulting several non-fiction books on police murder investigators , he was certain the cops would not be deterred by his innocence .
They would even be capable of planting evidence to make a case , he told jurors .
Reiser 's demeanor is one of the most important parts of the case .
The only forensic evidence is a tiny amount of his wife 's blood found on a pillar in his Oakland hills residence , and another speck discovered on a sleeping bag cover in his car , which Reiser says held a bag the two had slept in .
But in the days following Nina Reiser 's disappearance on Sept. 3 , 2006 , Reiser deliberately evaded police surveillance teams , and he traveled 50 miles from his Oakland Hills residence to rent a storage locker in an out - of - the - way town .
He removed his car 's passenger seat , ditched it and hosed down the interior of the vehicle .
And two days after Nina Reiser was last seen , Hans Reiser showed up unexpectedly at their children 's school and held a banal but confusing conversation with administrators in which – seemingly like a guilty man – he made no eye contact and could not remember his mobile phone number .
All of that behavior can be explained by Reiser 's personality , according to defense attorney William DuBois .
But DuBois hoped to keep his client off the stand and establish his personality through other witnesses .
He elicited testimony from a psychologist suggesting his client suffered from Asperger 's disorder , a mild form of autism with symptoms including socially and emotionally inappropriate behavior , and a lack of appreciation of social cues .
And DuBois called Reiser 's parents to the stand to suggest a genetic predisposition to geekiness :
His mother , Beverly Palmer , is an artist who was at the Burning Man festival when her daughter - in law - disappeared .
His father , Ramon Reiser , is a mathematician who testified in the same rambling style his son would later follow .
He even said that it was a family tradition of sorts to discard seats from cars .
Still , Hans Reiser , who enrolled at the University of California when he was only 15 , was determined to plead his own case , against his lawyer 's advice .
When he took the stand in early March , he began fleshing out the defense 's theory that his wife , 31 , abandoned their children and moved back to Russia , where the couple met .
Reiser told jurors that at the time of his wife 's disappearance – as the couple were going through a bitter divorce and custody battle – he had just accused her of bilking his software company , Namesys , out of tens of thousands of dollars .
He also claimed that the mother of his two children , a boy now 8 and girl now 6 , suffered from Munchausen syndrome by proxy , and made up illnesses for their son .
And he testified that his wife , whose last known whereabouts was at his Oakland Hills residence , dated a KGB agent when she lived in Russia .
But Reiser did n't seem concerned that his wife was gone .
If he really believes Nina is hiding out in Russia or elsewhere while he stands trial for her murder , his lack of concern is understandable – even logical .
But it 's the sort of thing that does n't play well with juries , experts say .
" This guy , while he's on the stand , not showing any compassion , empathy , remorse or general feelings about his wife , he has an uphill battle leading these jurors that he did n't do it , " said Marshall Hennington , a Beverly Hills jury consultant .
Reiser 's direct examination was also dragged down by his long , rambling answers to his lawyer 's questions .
That frustrated DuBois , who went so far as to admonish his client to answer " yes or no . "
Finally , after four days , DuBois abruptly ended his direct examination , almost in mid-sentence : " I have no more questions . "
On cross-examination , which began March 18 and is scheduled to continue on April 1 , the defendant expounded on the mindset that governed his actions following Nina 's disappearance .
" I do n't trust the government , " he told the jury last week .
" I do n't trust our government . "
That 's why he removed the two hard drives on his computer before police searched his house and gave them to his attorney , he said .
That 's why he performed evasive driving maneuvers to determine if police were following him .
And that 's why he traveled 50 miles to Manteca , California , a tiny town on the way to Yosemite National Forest , to rent a storage locker .
Prosecutor Paul Hora and Hans Reiser spar in court as Hora accuses him of " making things up . "
Norman Quebedeau / Wired.com
" You 'll admit that one of the reasons you wanted to rent the storage locker was to hide your car ? " prosecutor Paul Hora demanded .
" Yes .
That was one of the reasons , " Reiser replied .
And why Manteca ?
" Why not ? " the defendant answered .
Similarly , he said there was nothing nefarious about why the floorboard of his Honda CRX was filled with an inch of water when it was discovered by police two weeks after Nina 's disappearance .
He said the 1988 - model vehicle was dirty , so he hosed down the inside , just like he did once with a 1991 Plymouth Laser .
But the Plymouth had a hole in the bottom and the water drained out , he said .
" I thought they all had holes , " he testified .
" Ever heard of shampooing the car ? " Hora asked .
" It costs money , " the defendant responded .
" I 'm not sure I even knew at the time you could even rent these shampoo machines . "
That missing passenger seat , as it turns out , got tossed into the garbage behind an Oakland hardware store , he said .
He testified he removed it for space after sleeping uncomfortably in the vehicle five nights in a row .
He no longer wanted to sleep at the Oakland hills house he was sharing with his mother , because , logically , he thought his mother would have had a better chance of winning custody of his children if he was n't around .
By Thursday , though , his explanations seemed to be wearing thin .
The questioning had turned to the day of Sept. 5 , 2006 , when he showed up at his children 's school on the first day of classes after his wife went missing – a day when it was her turn to retrieve them .
School administrators had testified earlier that he seemed nervous about something – he could n't remember his own cell phone number and avoided eye contact .
Why was he acting nervous , prosecutor Hora asked .
Did he have something to hide ?
" I do n't have a specific memory of avoiding eye contact , " Hans Reiser testified .
" At that time , it was my usual method of interaction to not look people in to the eyes as much as normal people do .
Somehow , when I was a teenager , I got the idea that it was kind of impolite to look people in the eyes . "
Alameda County Superior Court Judge Larry Goodman chuckles along with jurors as Hans Reiser explains his predisposition not to look people in the eyes .
Norman Quebedeau / Wired.com
The judge chuckled .
Some jurors shook their head in disbelief .
Yet Reiser is delivering on his geek defense – not just in his words , but in his manner .
It 's part and parcel of his claim that he 's a little odd , blind to how his words and demeanor affect normal people – non-geeks .
Had he offered slick , polished testimony , or openly pined for the woman he'd been battling in family court , observers might like him more .
But there might not be grounds to believe him .
" It 's risky when a defendant takes the stand , particularly if he is n't clever or if he 's too clever , " says Edward Bronson , an attorney who consulted on the Unabomber , Timothy McVeigh and Jeffrey Skilling cases .
" It 's pretty easy for a district attorney to make him look awfully guilty . "
To be sure , the jury may have a daunting task deciding whether the defendant 's behavior springs from innocent eccentricity or signs of a guilty consciousness , says Howard Varinsky , a trial consultant who has been following the case .
" That 's the thing about circumstantial evidence .
It has to add up , " said Varinsky .
" It 's the locker room theory .
What would your buddies say ?
' Give me a break ' ?
Then you can pretty much bet the jury is saying the same thing . "
We all dream of peace .
But what have we sacrificed to make peace a reality ?
Some American men and women have risked everything to help end the Iraq War .
And right now they need our help .
Hundreds of United States servicepeople have refused to participate in the US occupation of Iraq .
Some of these war resisters , now " absent without leave , " have gone to Canada , but Canada has not yet granted them asylum .
In fact , deportation proceedings have begun against some resisters .
If forced to return to the U.S. , they face court martial , military prison and damaging criminal records .
We can't let this happen .
* * * *
Perhaps you wonder , as many people do , if these men and women did n't want to fight in Iraq , then why did they enlist ?
Some joined the United States military because of " the poverty draft " : they had no health insurance , no money for education , and very few options .
Military recruiters were a permanent fixture in their high schools , peddling a seductive package of false hope and lies .
For a view into the poverty draft , I highly recommend reading The Deserter 's Tale , written by war resister Joshua Key and Canadian author Lawrence Hill .
Others volunteered after September 11 , 2001 , because they wanted to help prevent more terrorist attacks .
Some resisters served in Afghanistan , but refused deployment to Iraq .
Most came from homes and communities where people did n't question the government .
There were terrorists over there and we had to get them before they got us over here .
That 's what they were told , and they had no reason to doubt it .
Then they went to Iraq .
There , they saw for themselves that the entire pretence for the invasion and the occupation was a lie .
And they saw - to their shock and horror - that in Iraq , the United States were the terrorists .
Some served out their contracts and were discharged , only to be " stop - lossed " : involuntarily re-enlisted .
Others came home on leave and refused to return .
They did n't want to die for a lie .
And they did n't want to kill .
Their actions , though moral , were illegal .
In the US , they faced military prison and a " bad conduct discharge " - a felony offense - for refusing to deploy .
So they left their families and friends , left their country , and went north , to Canada .
Many have been ostracized from their families , who condemn them as cowards .
One resister told me his mother said she 'd rather he died in Iraq than shamed them by deserting .
With the help of the War Resisters Support Campaign , a coalition of activists ( many of whom were Vietnam War resisters , now Canadian citizens ) , about 50 servicepeople have applied for refugee status to live legally in Canada .
( It is thought that a few hundred additional resisters are living underground in Canada . )
Because of the current Conservative government , and the repressive post - 9/11 political climate , every resister 's request for asylum has been rejected by the Immigration and Refugee Board .
In November , the Supreme Court of Canada refused to hear the cases of Brandon Hughey and Jeremy Hinzman , the first resisters to apply .
At that time , some US media implied that the resisters ' cause had been defeated - but that is not true .
It was a huge disappointment , but it was also a new beginning for the movement .
The War Resisters Support Campaign stepped up its political efforts .
It determined to deploy the greatest weapon for peace that Canada possesses : the Canadian people .
Canada did not participate in the invasion of Iraq , and the huge majority of Canadians oppose the Iraq War .
Unlike in the US , Canadian representatives actually listen and respond to their constituents !
The Support Campaign has been urging Canadians to contact their Members of Parliament with one message : Let Them Stay .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
The Conservative government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is not sympathetic to the war resisters - but it is a minority government .
This means the united opposition - the Liberals , the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) and the Bloc QuÃƒ©bÃƒ©cois - outnumber the Conservatives .
The Campaign proposed that a resolution be passed in the House of Commons allowing US war resisters to remain legally in Canada .
The NDP quickly advanced the resolution and the Bloc added its support .
But , although many Liberal Members of Parliament personally support the resisters , the Liberal Party has not officially supported the resolution .
In December - thanks to the Campaign 's persistent lobbying efforts , and members of the three opposition parties working together - the Committee on Immigration recommended that the resolution be passed .
It was a huge victory .
Now the resolution has been introduced in the House of Commons ; a united opposition is needed to pass it .
If the NDP , Bloc and Liberals all vote in favour of the resolution , the Conservative government is not actually obligated to implement it , but it would be an unprecedented breach of trust - not to mention democracy - if they did not .
Support campaign organizers believe they are very close to getting the resolution passed - but they do n't have much time .
Deportation proceedings have already begun against four resisters , including two families with young children .
Will the House of Commons pass the resolution before any war resisters are deported ?
* * * *
In discussing this issue with supposedly progressive Americans , I was shocked - and frankly disgusted - to learn that some people who oppose the war in Iraq do not support the war resisters ' cause .
Their argument : " If they did n't join in the first place , there would n't be a war ! "
This strikes me as both extremely naíve and horribly selfish .
Many of us were fortunate to grow up in homes where questioning authority was encouraged , where dissent and protest were a way of life - not to mention in families that could afford higher education and health care .
If you cannot imagine what kind of background might lead someone to enlist in the US military , I again recommend The Deserter 's Tale .
But even if we never would have made such a choice , do we want to see people who have experienced such a radical change of mind punished for their beliefs ?
Is n't this the very change of heart that we wish to instill in others ?
And most importantly , should a person be imprisoned for refusing to kill ?
Many of us always knew the invasion of Iraq had nothing to do with stopping terrorism or spreading democracy .
If the war resisters have come to this truth a little later , they have done so at a much greater price .
If we are truly people of peace , it is our moral obligation to stand beside people who have risked everything to help end this war .
In the US , On Friday , January 25 , Americans will demonstrate in front of Canadian consulates in six cities .
The effort is spearheaded by Courage To Resist and joined by Military Families Speak Out , Iraq Veterans Against the War and the thousands of local peace groups that belong to United for Peace and Justice .
You can join demonstrations in Washington DC , New York , San Francisco , Los Angeles , Seattle and Minneapolis .
( Details at http://couragetoresist.org.)
In Canada , Saturday , January 26 , is a Pan-Canadian Day of Action in support of war resisters .
Events will be held in 12 cities , where Canadians will write letters demanding that the resolution be passed .
Everyone can write letters to Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Liberal leader StÃƒ©phane Dion .
This is a crucial part of the campaign .
See Courage To Resist 's " Dear Canada " campaign ( couragetoresist.org ) or the War Resisters Support Campaign ( resisters.ca ) .
By the time the Canadian Parliament resumes on January 29 , Liberal leader StÃƒ©phane Dion will have received hundreds , maybe thousands , of letters , all demanding one thing : Let Them Stay .
During the Vietnam War , at least 50,000 - possibly as many as 80,000 - Americans went to Canada to escape the draft or because they did not want to live in a country that would perpetrate such an immoral , needless war .
What many people do n't know is that Canada did not immediately allow the Vietnam resisters to stay .
The Canadian peace movement campaigned on behalf of the resisters and pressured their government to do the right thing .
Finally , Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau said , " Canada should be a refuge from militarism . "
Once again , Canadians are calling on Canada to be a refuge from militarism .
You can help make this happen .
Laura Kaminker , a writer , moved from the United States to Canada for political reasons .
She now works with the War Resisters Support Campaign in Toronto .
She writes the blog we move to canada .
Rob Stewart was filming in one of the world 's most heavily protected marine reserves when he stumbled across the massacre that changed his life .
Swimming off Ecuador 's Galapagos Islands , which inspired Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution , the young Canadian wildlife photographer came across a floating graveyard .
For 60 km , at regular intervals , the contorted bodies of hundreds of sharks hung like ghosts in the sea .
Ensnared by razor - sharp hooks attached to a strong plastic line tens of miles long , they had all fallen victim to a commercial fishing practice known as long - line fishing .
" Something shifted that day , " Stewart recalls .
" I thought , ' If this is what can happen in the most protected marine reserve on the planet , imagine what is happening to sharks all around the world . ' "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Like many who have seen at first hand the devastation that man inflicts on nature , the film - maker , now 28 , decided he could no longer remain an impartial observer .
For the past five years , Stewart has embarked on a one - man crusade to save the shark – the culmination of which is his award - winning debut film , Sharkwater , which opens in the UK later this month .
Shot in high - definition , it has been hailed by critics as an oceanic version of Al Gore 's An Inconvenient Truth .
The American trailer for ' Sharkwater ' .
Contains scenes of a graphic nature
© 2007 Sharkwater Productions Inc .
Unlike whales , which are protected by an international moratorium on hunting only recently broken by Japan , sharks have few high - powered friends and one of the most maligned reputations in the animal kingdom .
Getting the world to start caring , Stewart believes , is the only way to save one of the world 's greatest predators .
" Sharks kill on average five people a year and yet they are loathed , " he says .
" Elephants kill at least 100 people but when a single elephant falls in Africa the world goes crazy .
There was a time when , like the shark , the whale was thought of as a terrible man-eating monster – just look at Moby - Dick .
But slowly people 's perceptions changed .
That 's what needs to happen for sharks . "
Protecting sharks is a risky business .
In making Sharkwater , Stewart confronted the multi-billion pound shark - finning industry and uncovered a world of corruption , espionage and organised crime syndicates .
Six years ago Stewart joined the radical Sea Shepherd conservation group to help the Costa Rican government stop the long - line fishermen who were hunting inside the country 's marine reserves .
Led by fellow Canadian Paul Watson ( who has been battling the Japanese whaling fleet in the Antarctic this winter ) Sea Shepherd has earned itself a reputation for being one of the most aggressive and uncompromising conservation groups , unafraid to ram or scupper illegal fishing vessels .
But instead of filming sharks , Stewart found himself immediately pitched into a battle with an illegal Guatemalan fishing vessel .
Despite being invited by the Costa Rican government to do precisely what they were doing , by the time Sea Shepherd made it to the mainland the police were waiting for them and arrested the crew for seven counts of attempted murder .
Skipping house arrest , Stewart donned an undercover camera and found out why their host government had turned against them .
In the private docks of a nearby town he secretly filmed what he describes as an international Taiwanese crime ring that still controls the global shark - fin trade .
Convinced that they would be unable to receive a fair trial in a country so involved in the trade , Sea Shepherd made a break for the Galapagos Islands and managed to outrun the heavily armed coastguards that desperately tried to turn them back .
" The days of letter - writing and petitioning are over , " Stewart says .
" If we were overfishing our seas by 10 per cent then maybe I would be critical of someone like Paul Watson , but right now we are overfishing by somewhere in the region of 1,000 per cent . "
Beyond gun-toting excitement of eco-vigilantism , there is a serious message to Stewart 's film : the extinction of the one of the world 's top predators could have catastrophic consequences for the ecosystem of all the oceans .
" Life on land was only possible thanks to life starting in our seas and I believe the most important issue facing humanity right now is the conservation of our oceans , " Stewart says .
As an example of how fragile oceanic ecosystems can be , Stewart explains what happened when sea otters were hunted for their fur to near extinction off the North American west coast .
" The obliteration of sea otters led to an explosion in sea urchins , which then ate all the kelp , " he explains .
" Kelp was the perfect breeding ground for Pacific herring , so their population also plummeted .
With no herring to feed on , sharks , tuna and dolphins began to disappear .
If that is what happens when you take a seven - million - year - old species out of the food chain , imagine what will happen when you destroy a 450 - million - year - old predator like the shark . "
Despite the world 's current unwillingness to reverse the shark population 's steep decline , Stewart remains confident that in the end governments will realises their mistake .
" I think that , like the ban on elephant ivory and hunting whales , we will eventually see a worldwide ban on shark - finning .
The question is whether that will happen in time . "
The Wi-Fi Detector shirt does everything you 'd dream it could do : detect Wi-Fi signals and share them , via your chest , with the entire world .
Spotting both 802.11 b and 802.11g networks , signal strength is displayed in real time ( big animated gif post - jump ) .
After you are done broadcasting your ( super ability ? ) to the world , just slip the AAA batteries out of the built - in pouch and unhook the decal , and you can wash the sweat away of a hard day 's work of bandwidth theft .
Advertisement
The Wi-Fi Detector shirt is a Think Geek exclusive and will be available this October for $ 29.99 .
We 'd like to see support from the mod community on this one .
Just imagine the potential hacks if there was some tailor collaboration .
Yeah , that 's right .
We 're talking no sleeves .
We 're talking avatar iron - ons .
And we 're not even thinking about the potential of puff paints at the moment .
[ product via gadgetvenue ]
Borrowing a phrase that Apple CEO Steve Jobs used when introducing the iPhone last year , Intel wants to put the " internet in your pocket . "
For Apple , that meant a top - down , years - long project to create the ultimate consumer fetish object , a project that was wrapped in secrecy and under the explicit control of Jobs at all times .
Intel is taking a decidedly different approach : Create a new , ultra - low - power processor , wrap some specifications for a new PC platform around it , and promote the hell out of it so that manufacturers will be inspired to create devices based on Intel 's technology .
This week at the International Solid - State Circuits Conference ( ISSCC ) , Intel revealed more technical details about its new low - power processor , codenamed Silverthorne , which consumes between 0.6 to 2 watts of power ( compared with 35 watts from Intel 's Core 2 Duo , a popular desktop and laptop CPU ) .
Intel also promises that the processors will " deliver 1 - 2 GHz of performance in a device that fits in your hand or pocket . "
When it 's released in the second half of the year , Silverthorne will be the smallest processor the company has created in more than 15 years , according to Intel CTO Justin Rattner .
" Our thesis is that the internet is the killer app , " says Pankaj Kedia , director of Ecosystem Programs in Intel 's Mobile Internet Device ( MID ) group .
" But today , there is no mobile device that you can say runs the same internet that you and I are used to on the PC .
Our MID strategy , at its essence , is to make that real internet … available on mobile devices . "
Intel 's push into the ultramobile space fits rather nicely into the company 's other mobile initiatives , such as its promotion of WiMax .
Indeed , if chipmakers can be said to have annual themes , Intel has definitely selected ultramobility as its theme for 2008 , going so far as to borrow Jobs ' " internet in your pocket " catchphrase in its recent press materials and briefings .
( Wired Magazine also used the phrase " put the net in your pocket " on the cover of the November 1999 issue . )
Most recently , Intel CEO Paul Otellini demonstrated the company 's vision of an always - connected future during his 2008 CES keynote , where a prototype MID was shown translating languages on the fly , reading menus in a foreign country and giving location - based directions .
The key part of Intel 's plans with Silverthorne , as Kedia describes them , is to spur on the creation of these new ultraportable internet - ready devices .
Rather than compete for market share among existing devices , the diminutive processor ( and the " Menlow " platform it will become a part of ) is meant to engender a new breed of devices with new capabilities .
While the devices will ultimately vary in size and shape – taking the form of tablets , smartphones , navigation units and ultramobile laptops – the unifying theme around MIDs will be full internet access regardless of the device 's primary function .
Still , Intel faces an uphill battle on several fronts .
For one thing , Intel competitor ARM dominates the market for processors used in smartphones ( the class of device that currently most resembles MIDs ) .
ARM processors are used in the iPhone and in the Nintendo DS .
Complicating matters further , Intel 's use of the MID acronym is not exactly calculated to whip up enthusiasm among consumers , who have already resoundingly rejected Intel 's earlier ultramobile platform , the ultramobile PC ( UMPC ) .
The MID - like devices that already exist , such as Nokia 's N810 internet tablet , are mostly high - price luxury items .
Intel hopes to combat consumer apathy with low prices .
Unlike UMPCs , MIDs are supposed to be relatively inexpensive .
Analysts confirm that Intel is more than capable of churning out the Silverthorne processors cheaply while still selling them at a sizable profit .
" Ultimately , what it boils down to is that Intel is looking at these devices as an extension of the PC market into an even lower - end segment , " Mercury Research analyst Dean McCarron says .
The success of Asus ' popular $ 400 Eee PC has made it clear that people will buy such devices if the price is right , McCarron says .
" When prices come down , unit sales go up , " McCarron says .
" All indications are that this trend is going to continue to develop , " McCarron says … if the prices are right .
But others , like Yankee Group 's Josh Martin , are skeptical about Intel 's ability to succeed where so many others have failed – even if it 's using a new processor and a new acronym .
" The challenge for these devices is that at the end of the day they 're still too small to be productive , too big to be ultraportable , " Martin says of MIDs .
" Ultimately , the smartphone inevitably overtakes that market , " he says , because people would rather have an all - purpose device that does everything adequately than fill out their gadget portfolios with more specialized devices to meet specific needs .
" I just do n't see a lot of demand in that market , " Martin says .
PARIS ( Reuters ) -
The belief that rich countries are draining poorer ones of their best - qualified people is largely unfounded , the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development said in a report published on Wednesday .
The OECD , whose 30 members are wealthy and industrialised in the majority , said the exodus from the developing to developed world was notable in the case of some smaller African and Caribbean countries but remained low elsewhere .
“ There is no generalised brain drain from the developing countries to the OECD , ” the Paris - based organisation said in the report , titled “ A Profile of Immigrant Populations in the 21st Century ” .
“ The emigration rate of people holding a tertiary degree is generally low in most large countries , ” the OECD said , reporting it at less than five percent in Brazil , Indonesia , Bangladesh , India and China .
Exceptions , where 40 to 80 percent of those with third - level qualifications quit their home country , included many small economies and often island ones , such as Fiji , Mauritius , Jamaica , Haiti and Trinidad and Tobago , the OECD said .
While the brain drain towards developed countries was not as big as some might have believed , the OECD said there were particular problems in the healthcare sector , but that conclusive data was still proving hard to come by .
India was the chief supplier of doctors to the wealthy world while the main source of nurses was the Philippines .
“ With regards to doctors , China and the former USSR play a striking role , with more than 10,000 doctors working in the OECD , ” the report said .
SCO has filed its latest annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission , and it makes grim reading .
The company warns that its shareholders could end with nothing because : " A plan of reorganization could result in holders of our stock receiving no distribution on account of their interests and cancellation of their existing stock . "
SCO is Chapter 11 - US bankruptcy protection .
It warns that its court case with Novell might have to be abandoned if its assets are frozen .
Revenue from SCO 's
Unix business fell 26 per cent compared to last year to $ 21.6 m and it made a loss of $ 2.9 m .
SCO said : " The revenue from our UNIX business has been declining over the last several years primarily as a result of continued competition from alternative operating systems , particularly Linux and from the negative publicity of the SCO Litigation . "
The complete 10 K is here . ®
In what could be a major move in ending the 2 - month old walk - out of writers , David Letterman , famed late night talk show host and heir - apparent to the crown worn by the late Johnny Carson for over 30 years , has entered negotiations with the WGA that could allow writers to return to work on a network by network and studio by studio basis .
Jon Stewart of “ The Daily Show ” was quick to follow Letterman ’s lead .
This new tactic could allow the WGA to totally by - pass the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers ( AMPTP ) , an alliance of corporate entertainment businesses such as the Columbia Broadcasting System ( CBS ) General Electric ( which owns NBC Universal ) , News Corporation , Sony , Time Warner , The Walt Disney Company and Viacom ( the parent company of CBS / Paramount ) .
If the WGA is successful with this latest strategy of individual bargaining , it would be the first time it has worked since the Alliance was formed 25 years ago .
Letterman ’s company , Worldwide Pants , is one of the largest independent production companies in the world and it is ready and willing to negotiate with the WGA .
“ Since the beginning of the strike , we have expressed our willingness to sign an interim agreement with the Guild consistent with its positions in this dispute , ” WorldWide Pants chief executive Rob Burnett said in a statement .
Could this turn out to be the first ray of sunshine in what was turning out to be a dark and dreary TV and movie season ?
If so , David Letterman will not only have his place in TV history as an all important entertainer , but one who may have also single - handedly broken the grip that the AMPTP has had on the industry for the last quarter century .
AT FIRST sight , Maple Heights , just outside Cleveland , looks much like any other ageing suburb in the industrial mid-west : a patchwork of small colonial - style houses built after the second world war , with leafy streets and mown lawns .
Up close , it is a community in collapse .
Every twelfth house stands empty , repossessed after its owner defaulted on a mortgage .
There are no boarded windows ( a local ordinance forbids them ) and the city council cuts the grass around vacant homes .
But the cracked panes , crumbling paint and rotting porches are hard to hide .
Countless more homes sport “ For Sale ” signs as the remaining owners try to flee to better areas .
With so many houses vacant , the property tax base has crumbled .
Since 2003 , the local government has laid off 35 % of its staff .
As America 's housing bust grows ever deeper , the big question is how far Maple Heights is a harbinger of things to come .
Nationally , people are defaulting on mortgages at a faster pace than at any point in recent decades .
According to the Mortgage Bankers Association , some 5 % of all mortgages are delinquent and the share rises to almost 15 % for “ subprime ” mortgages — those lent to people with shaky credit histories .
In the second quarter of 2007 , almost 3 % of subprime loans entered foreclosure ( the process of default and repossession ) .
RealtyTrac , a company that tracks foreclosures , reckons up to 1.5 m households will enter the process this year ( see chart ) , double last year 's figure .
And with some 2.5 m adjustable - rate mortgages resetting to higher rates before the end of 2008 , everyone knows there is much worse to come .
The pain will probably be concentrated in two main areas .
One , typified by Maple Heights , is the Midwest — states such as Ohio and Michigan , where the subprime bust is battering an industrial economy already in long - term decline .
The other is quite different : booming states , such as Florida and California , where the subprime bonanza fuelled the biggest housing bubbles .
Until recently , the highest default rates were in the industrial heartland .
But that is changing fast .
More than a third of all adjustable subprime loans are in California , Nevada , Arizona and Florida .
California alone has 17 % of them , and the numbers are soaring .
In Riverside and San Bernardino counties , two sprawling counties east of Los Angeles that comprise an area called the “ Inland Empire ” , 1,900 houses were repossessed in August .
It was 31 a year earlier .
The good news is that high default rates may be less painful in places whose sub - prime problem sits atop an economic boom .
Cleveland has been losing inhabitants for years .
In contrast , almost 800,000 people piled into the Inland Empire between 2000 and 2006 , swelling the population by a quarter .
The area is the main distribution hub for Chinese imports , and it has added 50,000 jobs in the past year .
The bad news , though , is that foreclosure is costly and high rates of it can cause plenty of collateral damage .
In Cleveland , lenders incur legal fees and other costs of around $ 25,000 , or 25 % of the value of a typical subprime loan .
The process of repossession takes a year or more , during which delinquent borrowers have little reason to look after their homes .
A glut of repossessed houses dampens prices , and not just by adding to the supply of homes for sale .
Thanks to high commodity prices , vacant homes in poorer neighbourhoods are quickly stripped of their aluminium sidings and copper fixtures .
Marginal houses become uninhabitable ; crime rises ; whole areas are blighted .
Add these costs to the human toll of people being turfed out of their homes , and it is no surprise that America 's politicians are scrambling for ways to stem the foreclosures .
( All the more so because hardest - hit areas include election swing states such as Ohio and Florida . )
So far , the focus is on low - cost intervention : encouraging borrowers to seek counselling and lenders to show forbearance .
The Senate has appropriated $ 100 m to help community groups advise delinquent borrowers .
A national foreclosure hotline offering free advice gets 2,000 calls a day .
These efforts will help .
A rough estimate is that half the people who are likely to face foreclosure in the coming months could service a renegotiated loan .
But Cleveland 's experience suggests the process is not easy .
According to Lou Tisler , head of Neighbourhood Housing Services of Greater Cleveland , a local community group , mortgage lenders are becoming more willing to renegotiate loans .
But most people seek advice only after they have been in default for months .
Many are only days away from the sheriff 's sale at which their home is formally lost .
Cleveland 's experience also shows the limits of the small - scale public bail - outs to help “ victims ” .
Politicians have a weakness for such schemes .
Ohio's state government was the first to set up an explicit foreclosure rescue fund : it has promised $ 4.6 m to help distressed homeowners who earn up to 125 % of their county 's median income .
The state will put up to $ 3,000 towards mortgage refinancing .
Some 250 people have been helped thus far ; the goal is 1,500 .
But with 150,000
Ohio mortgages resetting over the next 12 months , the bail - out is a drop in the bucket .
The only type of rescue that would prevent a surge in foreclosures would be a huge federal bailout which no politicians ( as yet ) are contemplating .
And the hard truth is that in many cases preventing foreclosure is a bad idea .
Not all defaulting borrowers are suffering families .
In the bubbliest property markets , many mortgages are held by investors , who were speculating on higher prices .
In Florida , a quarter of all defaulting loans are held by non-residents .
Even in Cleveland , many subprime borrowers are in houses that they cannot — and will not be able to — afford .
Foreclosure is , unfortunately , the right outcome for perhaps half of America 's problem mortgages .
That suggests politicians should put more emphasis on making the process more efficient .
Already there are vast differences between states .
In New York it takes at least 15 months for a house to be repossessed , according to Rick Sharga of RealtyTrac ; in California it takes at least four months , while in Texas delinquent homeowners can lose their house less than a month after receiving a formal notice of default .
That is extreme , but relatively speedy repossessions might at least reduce some of the collateral damage .
All told , the biggest unknown about America 's subprime bust is how quickly , and how far , house prices will have to sink .
Nationally , house prices have fallen by some 3 % , while the glut of unsold homes has risen to ten months ' supply .
In the areas hardest - hit by defaults , the glut is far bigger .
But rather than prices adjusting further , sales have simply dried up .
In the Inland Empire the number of houses sold has halved in the past year .
Michael Ciaravino , the mayor of Maple Heights , points out that only three houses have sold in the past two months , compared to a monthly total of between 15 and 50 a few years ago .
Once prices halve , he reckons , the market will clear , new families will come in and his suburb will recover .
The question , for Maple Heights and America , is how much damage is done in the meantime .
This is just getting silly , do n't you think ?
The iPhone Dev Team has once again proven their totally gnarly talents by freeing up the latest firmware before it 's even the latest firmware .
Apple , here 's our suggestion -- just let people do what they want with your devices , since they 're clearly going to do it anyway .
That way , instead of making enemies , you 're making lifelong buddies .
Reasonable , right ?
Steve , give us a call , we 're more than happy to riff on some ideas for playing nice with the end - user . :
Dev chat room chatter claims that the 2.0 is now fully unlocked as well .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Latest Version 9
Extensive revisions with thousands of new words and definitions .
Supports dark mode and latest Windows 10 .
See What 's New .
Born With Fused Legs
Only three people in the world are known to have this unusual condition .
Jan. 22 , 2008  --
Eight - year - old Shiloh Pepin is a force of nature .
With a husky voice she can barely contain , and a level of enthusiasm that could derail a freight train , she has a way of expressing herself that is half grade - schooler and the rest someone who became too wise , too soon , about the prospect of spending her life under the care of doctors .
Shiloh is one of only three people in the world known to have a condition called sirenomelia , also known as " Mermaid Syndrome . "
She was born with her legs fused together , and her parents , Leslie and Elmer Pepin , knew it was possible that their child would be affected by the syndrome before Leslie gave birth .
Shiloh describes one part of her life as " dreaming good dreams . "
But she is also keenly aware of the complications of her medical history .
" When I was about 2 , " she said matter - of - factly , " I had my first kidney transplant . "
Doctors stressed that the condition is almost always fatal for a newborn .
" So if she had it , " said Leslie , " we were worried we would n't be able to love her … [ We ] went through all these emotions , like you could n't even believe .
But she came out , and she had the biggest , blackest eyes .
I remember [ Elmer ] saying , " She 's beautiful . "
When she did not die at home , as some had expected , Shiloh 's parents brought her to the Barbara Bush Children 's Hospital at the Maine Medical Center , where Shiloh saw Dr. Matthew Hand , a kidney specialist .
" Matt was the first physician who looked at Shiloh and saw a little girl who needed help , instead of a medical case that was uncertain , " said Elmer .
More Than 150 Surgeries
Hand deferred to the parents in settling on a course of treatment .
" The first thing I said to them was , ' What is it you want out of this ? '
They said three things .
The first was that they wanted her to be home as much as she could , to be surrounded by her family .
The second was for her to live as long as she could .
And the third is that when it came time for her to pass away that she would be surrounded by people who loved her , and that she would n't be alone .
And I said , ' Okay , we 'll work with that , and we 'll do the best that we can . ' "
The cause is still a mystery , but it is not believed to be genetic .
Doctors think that because the blood circulation system does n't develop normally in the womb , kidneys and other organs do n't form as they should .
Shiloh 's fused legs were the visible evidence of her condition , but they were not the reason it was so dangerous , and so often fatal .
" She was missing a whole series of organs including her uterus and her bladder , and her large intestine , " said Dr. Hand .
" She had no vaginal vault or rectum , and no way for urine to get out of her body .
Most of these babies die because of poor renal tissue makeup in their body . "
But Shiloh did have a small section of a kidney in her back that ultimately had allowed her to survive until doctors could arrange a transplant when she was two years old .
She had a second transplant in August of last year , the day after her eighth birthday .
In all , she has undergone more than 150 surgeries , many to reconstruct or compensate for the missing internal organs .
' All the Kids Love Her '
She also has become a well - known personality in her home town of Kennebunkport , Maine , where she loves to go bowling with friends , including Samantha Mitchell and Zack Kellett , her cousins and frequent companions .
" All the bumps and nudges in her , in her path , she 's just overcome them , " said Kellett .
" All the kids love her , " said Mitchell .
" She 's like their role model , basically . "
Some kids get crushes on a teacher ; Shiloh has one on her doctor .
She calls him " Doctor Hottie . "
Shiloh 's mother works for an insurance company .
Her father cares for her full - time , fixing her meals and assuring that her medications are mixed and ready .
He also provides comic relief , with jokes and other antics , when she needs it .
" They 're my parents , " said Shiloh , " and I love them so much . "
The family has a Web site , Shilohbenefit.com , which accepts donations to help cover the expenses of Shiloh 's care and posts news of her progress .
" We 've always understood that she 's supposed to be here , " said Leslie .
" When nobody else has believed it , we believed it , because it 's just the way she is . "
It would be possible to surgically separate her legs , but not so soon after her kidney transplant .
Shiloh says she does n't want the surgery , anyway .
" Dr. Matt asked me if I wanted to get my legs separated , and I said no .
I said , better just deal with it and stick with the ' no ' answer . "
In fact , one of her favorite activities is dancing .
She has taken ballet classes and participated in a rehearsal for a dance recital , sitting and swaying on the stage ( she missed the recital itself because she fell ill ) .
She is able to move remarkably well by scooting her body across the floor .
" She has every reason in the world to be bitter and unhappy and miserable , " said her father .
" And she 's the exact opposite .
She 's happy .
She 's vibrant . "
Meeting Tiffany
What future she has , no one can say , because the only other known survivors of Mermaid Syndrome are also still living .
Of the two , one is younger than Shiloh : Milagros Cerron .
She was the topic of worldwide headlines early in 2005 when doctors in Lima , Peru , successfully separated her legs nine months after her birth .
She will face a future of surgeries to reconstruct her internal organs .
The other survivor is Tiffany Yorks , 19 , who lives near Tampa , Fla . .
As far as can be determined , no one ever has survived Mermaid Syndrome as long as she has .
ABC News arranged a meeting between Shiloh and Tiffany in Portland , because the syndrome is so rare neither of the girls had ever been able to talk with another like herself .
" There 's so few survivors , " said Tiffany .
" I think it 's very important for us to get close just because there 's no one else to look up to .
There 's no one above us that knows what we have to deal with . "
Early in her life , Tiffany had surgery to separate her legs and walked until she was nine , when she fell and injured a knee .
She is now confined to a wheelchair .
The partial kidney with which she was born failed two years ago , and she needs a transplant before she can go on with her life .
Since both girls had spent so much of their lives under hospital care , Shiloh 's question to Tiffany was straight to the point .
" Does it get any easier ? "
" Yes , " Tiffany answered .
" It can be scary , but I just look at it as something you have to do get to the final destination … to follow my dreams and be able to do everything I want to do . "
Tiffany wanted to know what it was like to receive a kidney transplant .
" Was it real painful ?
Do you remember ? " she asked Shiloh .
" When it first happened I was frightened , but my mom said we 're gonna get through this , " Shiloh remembered .
" She said , ' We 've done this a thousand times and we 're going to do it again just to make sure you survive . '
So we did .
I got through it .
And that 's all there is to it . "
Because it was the first time in her life that Tiffany ever had seen snow , the two engaged in a brief snowball fight outside the hotel .
When asked whether anything about Shiloh reminded her of herself when she was her age , Tiffany laughed and replied , " Her energy .
A positive attitude really helps , too . "
Tiffany could stay only for a day because she had to return to Florida for her dialysis treatment .
Unable to continue attending high school because of her failed kidney , she worked hard to get her diploma through home schooling .
She said that if she gets the kidney transplant she needs , her ambition is to be an intensive care nurse for children .
To her and Shiloh , there are no such things as modest goals .
" We kind of know what it is to really fight for your life , " Tiffany said .
" One day I realized I 've gone through so much just to be alive .
I 'm going to do what I want to do , to make my life the best that I can . "
" Everyone is connected to one certain pole of life , " Shiloh said .
" And some of us are allowed to help other people who get sick and help them to feel better and … get them home with their families . "
" I think I know what our purpose is now , " said Leslie .
" This is what I believe , is that [ Shiloh ] chose us and we chose her .
And together , we make a family .
Her gift to us is , I think , much more than we give to her . "
If you 're interested in learning more about Mermaid Syndrome , please CLICK HERE .
Google invited developers to its London office for one of three workshops - the others being in Munich and Tel Aviv to spread the word and teach developers how to write for their new OS .
Another event will be held in Boston on February 23rd ( check at the blog for an announcement ) .
Here 's what they told us .
The mantra for Android is that it ’s " a complete and modern embedded OS , with a cutting edge mobile user experience , a world class software stack for building apps and open platform for developers users and industry " .
That of course breaks into lots of different specifics some of which are more solid than others .
Computer people coming to mobile have a very different view of phone architecture to phone people adding features .
Phone people see the phone functions - the GSM chipset , Bluetooth , DVB- H , for example , as a foundation , with drivers on top .
Then there 's an abstraction layer , an operating system , a user interface framework and the applications on top .
Computer people look at the system as a processor with a BIOS on top , then an OS , framework and applications .
The bits that mobile phone people see as a foundation , the computer people see as an adjunct connected by drivers .
Voice is just another application .
And this approach was reflected yesterday .
Google are computer people .
In this model Google ’s openness does go all the way down , with lots of the proprietary bits off the side .
In a phone model , Google only does the top layers .
What 's included - and what 's missing
The lowest level of this is a Linux 2.6 kernel which works as a Hardware Abstraction Layer to support the memory management , display driver , camera driver , Bluetooth , flash memory , USB , keypad , audio and power management .
Note , this does n't by itself let you get at the GSM stacks and chipset .
Google is therefore reliant on the hardware vendors to supply drivers , or at least the tools to allow developers to write the drivers .
With Qualcomm , Intel , Marvell , Broadcom and Texas Instrument as partners , that 's quite optimistic .
Google supplies a number of libraries including the Surface Manager , which is the system that controls what goes into the framebuffer ( the system manager for 2D primitives ) ; a media framework ( provided by Real ) , SQLlite , openGLS , Freetype , Webkit , SGL , SSL , IBC .
Developers reported that 2D was faster using OpenGL than SGL , but as we 've not yet seen real hardware , this will be down to the implementation .
Google is pleased with the speed of their software 3D rendering , but really expect that devices will ship with hardware acceleration .
Some developers were worried about testing on lots of different screen resolutions .
In practice this is less of a problem .
The display manufacturers only make a limited number of sizes .
The basic ones – 96x64 , 128x128 and 128x160 are all too small for a smartphone .
You might get a few at 176x220 , but the vast majority of Android phones will be 320 x 240 .
The real magic is the Android runtime called Dalvik .
This is a custom virtual machine designed to be a better embedded OS .
It 's a register - based Virtual Machine , and therefore more efficient in an embedded environment than a traditional Java Virtual Machine ; core libraries interact with the Java Harmony project .
You may write in Java , but the byte code is Dalvik .
Dalvik uses .dex byte code files and Java class files are converted to .dex .
The .dex structure allows processes to share system classes , saving memory .
It might be better optimised for the ARM foundation of a mobile phone but it sacrifices the maturity of J2ME , which has been through more than a decade of growing pains and has a lot of add - ons in the form of JSRs ( Java Special Requests ) .
Dalvik will have to re-invent all that .
Some of the Open Handset Alliance members are JVM companies , and we 'll see a traditional JVM for Android .
So all initial Android development is in Dalvik , thus disappointed many of the developers who were looking for a system which was better at hitting the metal of a phone than Symbian .
Taxi to the Dark Side : Murder of young Afghan driver exposes US torture policies
By Richard Phillips
24 March 2008
One of the few well - deserved Oscars at last month ’s Academy Awards went to Taxi to the Dark Side , a disturbing documentary feature by Alex Gibney that exposes the Bush administration ’s use of torture , rendition and other criminal violations of the Geneva Conventions .
Gibney , who also directed Enron : The Smartest Guys in the Room ( 2005 ) , delivered the only significant speech at the tightly - regulated event .
In the few seconds allocated to prize - winners Gibney said : “ I think my dear wife Anne was kind of hoping I ’d make a romantic comedy but honestly , after Guantánamo , Abu Ghraib , extraordinary rendition , that simply was n’t possible .
“ This is dedicated to two people who are no longer with us .
Dilawar , the young Afghan taxi driver , and my father , a Navy interrogator who urged me to make this film because of his fury about what was being done to the rule of law .
Let ’s hope we can turn this country around , move away from the dark side and back to the light . ”
The “ dark side ” is a reference to a comment made by US Vice President Dick Cheney who was asked on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” a few days after the 9/11 terror attack what the Bush administration would do in pursuing the perpetrators .
“ We have to work the dark side , if you will , ” Cheney replied .
“ We ’re going to spend time in the shadows .
A lot of what needs to be done here will have to be done quietly , without any discussion , using sources and methods available to our intelligence agencies ...
It ’ll be vital for us to use any means at our disposal , basically , to achieve our objective . ”
Gibney ’s 106 - minute documentary methodically draws out the legal implications and terrifying human results of Cheney ’s cold and calculated repudiation of the rule of law .
Taxi to the Dark Side opens with an examination of the murder of Dilawar , a 22 - year - old taxi driver from the poverty - stricken village of Yakubi in eastern Afghanistan , by US military forces at Bagram Air Base in December 2002 .
Dilawar and three of his passengers were captured by the Northern Alliance who falsely accused the men of firing rockets at the Camp Salerno military base .
Five days after being handed over to American forces , Dilawar was dead , killed by US Army interrogators who shackled him to the ceiling by his wrists and subjected him to sleep deprivation and savage beatings for hours on end .
The initial official military report claimed that Dilawar had died of “ natural causes ” .
A subsequent autopsy revealed , however , that his legs had been reduced a pulp and that even if he had survived , it would have been necessary to amputate them .
After Dilawar ’s death , his three passengers were sent to Guantánamo and held there without charge for 15 months until March 2004 , when they were released and returned to Afghanistan with letters stating that they posed “ no threat ” to US forces .
A subsequent inquiry revealed that a local Northern Alliance commander perpetrated the rocket attack on Camp Salerno in order to secure ongoing American support .
The documentary goes on to point out that US forces have incarcerated over 83,000 people since the “ war on terror ” began , with 93 percent of those detained in Afghanistan captured by local militiamen in exchange for US bounty payments .
So far , 105 prisoners have died in captivity , with 37 of these officially classified as homicides .
After American journalists exposed Dilawar ’s murder , the US military and the Bush administration employed its “ bad apples ” defence , simply blaming the soldiers immediately involved .
The documentary systematically demolishes this claim .
Using interviews with the interrogators and other primary sources , it establishes irrefutably that the principal responsibility for this and other war crimes lies with the US military high command and the Bush administration .
Taxi to the Dark Side details how the illegal methods at Bagram were applied at the Guantánamo Bay internment camp and then Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq .
Captain Carolyn
Wood , the officer in charge of interrogations at the Bagram base where Dilawar was murdered , was awarded the Bronze Star for valor and , following the US invasion of Iraq , dispatched to help establish the brutal and sadistic regime at Abu Ghraib .
The documentary contains footage from Abu Ghraib previously censored by US authorities and points out that while military reservists Lynndie England and Charles Graner were prosecuted and imprisoned over the torture at the prison , they were responding to directives from above .
Rear Admiral John Hutson explains in the documentary : “ What starts at the top of the chain of command drops like a rock down the chain of command , and that ’s why Lynndie England knew what Donald Rumsfeld was thinking without actually talking to Donald Rumsfeld . ”
Gibney and his editor Sloan Klevin skillfully counterpose footage of Cheney , Bush , Rumsfeld and other officials claiming that the administration was opposed to torture against the real evidence .
There is an interview with the Justice Department ’s John Yoo , who redefines torture as “ extreme acts ” that would lead to the organ failure and death .
Yoo attempts to explain why the US president should have an unlimited right to authorise torture and other measures and why prisoners captured in the “ war on terror ” have been deprived of their habeas corpus rights and legal protection under the Geneva Conventions .
Former British Guantánamo detainee Moazzam Begg also provides damning evidence .
Begg was seized in Pakistan during February 2002 , transported to Bagram , where he was held for almost a year , and then moved to Guantánamo .
In a bizarre twist Begg was asked by the US military to identify and testify against US soldiers who abused Dilawar in Bagram Air Base .
Even as the US military asked him to provide evidence against the soldiers , it continued to hold him indefinitely without charge and refused him access to a lawyer .
He was eventually released from Guantánamo and repatriated to Britain in January 2005 .
Human rights lawyer Clive Stafford Smith explains how the Bush administration has used the 9/11 terror attacks to reverse long - standing legal principles and incarcerate prisoners indefinitely without charge .
His description of procedures at Guantánamo is chilling .
Using interviews with the US Navy former general counsel Alberto Mora , FBI interrogator Jack Cloonan , Alfred McCoy and others , Taxi to the Dark Side exposes the so - called “ ticking - bombing ” justification for the use of torture and White House claims that interrogators have been able to extract “ valuable intelligence ” through water - boarding and other torture methods .
One of the cases noted in the film concerns Abi Faraj al - Libbi , who was tortured , including with the use of water - boarding , and “ confessed ” to links between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda .
This entirely false “ evidence ” was used in Colin Powell ’s infamous speech to the United Nations to justify the US invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
Taxi to the Dark Side is part of a growing list of important documentaries — Fahrenheit 9/11 ( 2004 ) and the Road to Guantánamo ( 2006 ) , to name two — that could be used as evidence in any future war crime hearings against the Bush administration .
What is missing in these documentaries , however , is any clear explanation as why these violations of the US Constitution and the Geneva Conventions have emerged or a detailed exposure of the role played by both major political parties in this process .
Republican Senator John McCain and Democrat Senator Carl Levin are shown in Taxi to the Dark Side challenging Alberto Gonzales at Senate hearings as the former US attorney general attempts to justify the use of torture .
But the opposition of McCain and Levin to torture is not based in any principled opposition to imperialist war or militarism .
They have argued that torture produces “ faulty ” intelligence and weakens or discredits the war on terror .
In fact , McCain publicly supported President George W. Bush ’s recent veto of a bill that would have prohibited the CIA from using cruel , inhumane or degrading techniques , including water - boarding , during interrogations .
Nor does Gibney make any accounting of the fact that since 9/11 the Democrats have uncritically embraced the so - called “ war on terror ” and endorsed laws establishing the legal and political framework within which torture and rendition now occurs .
This includes the Patriot and Military Commission Acts , the illegal Guantánamo Bay incarcerations as well as ongoing funding for the illegal occupations of Afghanistan and Iraq .
Documentary filmmakers urgently need to turn their attention to these important political realities as well .
A trailer of Taxi to the Dark Side is available on YouTube .
Cenk Uygur at TYT speaks to Rep. Steve Israel ( D - NY ) about Congress 's recent caving to the Bush administration on the budget spending bills .
I 'm sure that Rep. Israel is a very well - intentioned congressperson , but it 's clear that He. Just .
Does n't .
Get . It . I can't think of a better recent example demonstrating how the Stockholm Syndrome has infected the majority party in Washington D.C .
Rep. Israel agreed with everything Cenk said -- in principle .
But he 's lacking the spine to do anything more , as are the leadership " above his pay grade . "
That 's where you MUST come in .
Debbie Wasserman - Schultz told Ed Schultz weeks ago that she does n't hear about these things from her constituents .
I put in a call to my congresscritter and had much the same thing confirmed .
They 're asked about local interests like protecting local businesses and expediting government bureaucracy for their constituents , like passport facilitation .
They get their share of angry calls , but what they do n't get are calls of support for standing up against the Bush administration and their Republican counterparts .
No one is telling them " if you play tough , we will have your back . "
In a perfect world , they would not need us to do so .
I have been guilty of making the angry calls -- I told DiFi 's office I would do everything I could to oppose any future re-election campaign she would choose to start .
And I will .
But I realized talking to my congressperson that I had to also say " I need you to represent us better .
I will back you up if you do .
I will write letters to the editor , whatever is needed to show that you have my support by acting like the majority party . "
They are cowering after 25 years of Republican majority .
They fear the Republican noise machine within their insulated Beltway Bubble .
We have seen just this week how empowering we can be when we make our voices heard in a positive yet forceful way .
So during this holiday break in Congress , please make a point of calling your representative 's local office and let them know that we have their back , IF they represent us .
It 's the only way we 'll see any change .
Be my Support Group
People want to be understood .
That 's why support groups are so popular .
The alcoholic wants to connect with somebody else who showed up drunk at a wedding and embarrassed the bride .
The compulsive overeater wants to know that he's not the only one who has stopped at the Dunkin Donuts drive - thru on the way home to eat a dozen before dinner .
The out - of - control gambler wants to be in community with other people who have lost their car going " all in " with pocket sevens .
We all have problems , and we all want to know that we 're not alone .
Wednesday evening I posted a comment on a friend 's blog .
Or rather , I tried to post a comment .
True to my tendencies , it was really far too wordy to be called a comment .
I actually spent about half an hour wordsmithing a multiple - paragraph response .
But when I hit the submit button to post it , Wordpress gave me a generic error page .
Presumably something timed out while I was crafting my reply .
And when I hit the Back button , my comment was gone . :-(
*&%$#@ !
My mind raced .
What are my options here ?
Maybe I should just re-type the whole thing ?
It was only 300 words or so .
Nah .
The text I wrote was perfect .
I probably wo n't be able to remember it just the way it was .
And why should I have to ?
Firefox and Wordpress screwed this up , not me !
Cautiously I hit the Forward button in my browser .
Firefox showed me this dialog :
Aha !
I clicked OK .
Wordpress coughed up the same hairball I got before .
But now I know that Firefox still has my comment in memory somewhere .
All I have to do is figure out how to get it .
Two hours later I finally got my comment posted , deliberately ignoring the fact that I could have retyped it ten times by then .
After several other attempts that brought me to dead ends , here is the technique that succeeded :
I installed winpcap and a packet sniffer , which I configured to capture all packets on my network interface .
Then I went back to my still - open instance of Firefox and hit Reload .
I clicked the OK button in the dialog box above and Wordpress barfed again .
Then I went back to the packet sniffer and found the TCP connection containing my posted comment .
Ack !
I had completely forgotten that the format would be application / x- www - form - urlencoded .
Luckily , I memorized all of the punctuation marks in the ASCII table back when I was in middle school .
% 22 would be 34 in decimal , so that 's a quotation mark .
After several search - and - replace operations , all the escaped characters were fixed .
During all this , I noticed and fixed a couple of typos I had previously missed .
Finally I went back to my friend 's blog , pasted my comment into the textbox and hit submit .
Let me know that I 'm not alone .
Tell me the story of something geeky that you did .
When the Children 's Television Workshop released the early seasons of Sesame Street on DVD , they did so with a warning that the material might not be suitable to young viewers .
That made us do a collective " Whaaa !?! ? "
The show that was made to educate kids might be too adult ?
We reviewed some of the old episodes on the DVD and we do n't know what the hell they 're talking about .
Sure , they could be referencing the notion that perhaps the people involved in the song writing and animation were on drugs ( which would explain why it was so good ) , or maybe it 's because the witch in the clip above is kinda scary ?
We do n't fucking know .
We just know we love it all .
Advertisement
Earlier : Remember Sesame Street Before Elmo Ruined It ?
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran is ready to fill a vacuum in Iraq caused by the collapsing power of the United States , its president said on Tuesday .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks with journalists during a news conference in Tehran August 28 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Caren Firouz
“ The political power of the occupiers ( of Iraq ) is being destroyed rapidly and very soon we will be witnessing a great power vacuum in the region , ” Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said .
“ We , with the help of regional friends and the Iraqi nation , are ready to fill this void . ”
Saudi Arabia was one of the countries Iran was ready to work with , he said .
The U.S. military accuses the Islamic Republic of arming and training militias behind some of the violence in Iraq .
Iran rejects the charge and blames the presence of U.S. forces , numbering about 162,000 , for the violence .
In a two - hour news conference , Ahmadinejad also rejected reports Iran had slowed nuclear work , which the West fears is aimed at making atom bombs , and said it would respond if Washington branded its Revolutionary Guards a terrorist force .
Iran , which like Iraq is majority Shi’ite Muslim , has often called on fellow Gulf states to reach a regional security pact .
But Gulf Arab states , most of which are predominantly Sunnis , are suspicious of Tehran ’s intentions in Iraq and the region .
With Shi’ite Muslims now in power in Baghdad , ties have strengthened between Iran and Iraq since 2003 , when U.S. - led forces toppled Iraq ’s Sunni president , Saddam Hussein , who had waged an eight - year war against Iran in the 1980s .
The region did not need countries from “ thousands of kilometres away ” to provide security , Ahmadinejad said , and U.S. and other forces in Iraq and Afghanistan had run out of solutions .
“ TRAPPED IN A SWAMP ”
“ They are trapped in the swamp of their own crimes , ” Ahmadinejad said .
“ If you stay in Iraq for another 50 years nothing will improve , it will just worsen . ”
President George W. Bush , in a speech in Reno , Nevada , said extremist forces would be emboldened if the United States were driven out , and Iran would be left to pursue a nuclear weapon and set off an arms race .
“ We will confront this danger before it is too late , ” Bush said , referring to attempts to isolate Iran and the imposition of economic sanctions .
“ I have authorized our military commanders in Iraq to confront Tehran ’s murderous activities . ”
A U.S. commander said on Sunday that Iraqi Shi’ite group have received more weapons , funding and training from Iran in the past two months .
U.S. and Iranian officials have held several rounds of talks on security in Iraq since May , the most high - profile meetings since Washington cut ties with Tehran after students took U.S. diplomats hostage following the 1979 revolution .
Washington is also leading efforts to isolate Iran over its nuclear programme , which it says is an attempt to build bombs under cover of a civilian programme .
Tehran denies the charge and says it is seeking only nuclear - generated electricity .
The U.N. Security Council has imposed two sets of sanctions on Tehran since December .
Diplomats say Iran ’s sensitive atomic work seems to have slowed , either for fear of new steps or because of technical hitches .
But Ahmadinejad dismissed reports it was not making such fast nuclear progress .
“ These ( reports ) are not true , ” he said .
“ I want to officially announce to you that from our viewpoint the issue of Iran ’s nuclear case has been closed .
Today Iran is a nuclear Iran , meaning that it has the complete cycle for fuel production . ”
U.S. officials said this month Washington might soon name the Revolutionary Guards a foreign terrorist group , a move that would enable the United States to target the force ’s finances .
“ It would be a joke I guess , ” said Ahmadinejad , himself a former Guards commander .
Now the disparagement of the dirt was jarring , coming from Father Roca , who has devoted much of his life to creating the present - day shrine and is its revered eminence .
At 89 , he wears a beret that reveals his Barcelona origins .
Image
The storage house for trucked - in dirt .
Credit ... Michael Stravato for The New York Times
Some 50 years ago , he took over the abandoned , nearly ruined site of the church , which was first constructed in 1816 .
He oversaw the rebuilding of the sanctuary  holy hole included  into the spotless place it is today , with bright paintings and statues inside and giant cottonwoods out back that he planted as saplings .
It has become a stop for tour buses taking the scenic route to Taos as well as for local residents in search of solace or cures , and was declared a national landmark in 1970 .
Visitors bring their own baggies or containers or can buy little plastic containers marked “ blessed dirt ” at the church ’s gift shop .
Few leave without some of the reddish soil , scooped from the 18 - inch - wide “ posito , ” or well , that is continually replenished  by a caretaker , Father Roca is quick to explain , despite rumors over the years that the pit was refilled by divine intervention .
He pointed to the small building nearby where trucked - in dirt is stored .
“ I even have to buy clean dirt ! ” he complained .
Some people take dirt away for divine luck , while those with ailments may eat it , brew it in tea or rub it on the afflicted body area .
Britney Spears Gets Dumped By Legal Team
troubles are never ending .
This time the pop stars lawyers , have severed all ties because she missed two scheduled depositions .
It must have been a constant struggle dealing with a wacky client .
This is reportedly the third set of lawyers to bail on Spears .
But I suppose , if you would win any of Britney 's crazy legal woes , you would have many of Hollywood 's finest lining up at your door .
Ca n't you hear it now .... if they could help Britney they damn well better be able to help me .
Kevin Federline should be extremely concerned about turning Sean Preston and Jayden James over to the ex - even for a supervised visit .
We imagine he has his legal team on speed dial .
OML has thousands of free addictive Flash and HTML5 Games like Spin the Black Circle .
Did you enjoy Spin the Black Circle ?
Play more .
Always fast , free and no login required ... new games added daily !
McCain : Osama bin Laden and I agree on Iraq David Edwards and Mike Sheehan
Published : Monday March 24 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) told supporters at a town hall meeting that he , top US commander in Iraq Gen.
David Petraeus , and terror mastermind Osama bin Laden all agree about the Iraq war .
" As you probably know , an audiotape ... was released where bin Laden said , and I have to quote bin Laden : ' The nearest field of jihad today to support our people in Palestine ... is the Iraqi field . '
He urged Palestinians and people of Syria , Lebanon , Jordan and Saudi Arabia to 'help in support of their mujahideen brothers in Iraq which is the greatest opportunity and the biggest task . ' "
McCain followed that with , " For the first time , I have seen Osama bin Laden and Gen.
Petraeus in agreement , and that is , the central battleground in the battle against al - Qaeda is in Iraq today !
That 's what bin Laden is saying , and that 's what Gen .
Petraeus is saying , and that 's what I 'm saying , my friends . "
The Arizona senator took a swipe at his fall election rivals using a condescending political slur often employed by President George W. Bush : " My Democrat [ sic ] opponents , who want to pull out of Iraq , refuse to understand what 's being said and what 's happening , and that is , the central battleground is Iraq in this struggle against radical Islamic extremism .
And my friends , we 're succeeding . "
" We 're succeeding .
I do n't care what anybody says .
I 've seen the facts on the ground , " the Arizona senator insisted a day after a roadside bomb in Baghdad killed four U.S. soldiers and rockets pounded the U.S. - protected Green Zone there , and a wave of attacks left at least 61 Iraqis dead nationwide .
The events transpired as bin Laden called on the people of Syria , Lebanon , Jordan and Saudi Arabia to " help in support of their mujahedeen brothers in Iraq , which is the greatest opportunity and the biggest task . "
Despite all that , McCain told reporters : " I do n't think I would change the strategy now unless General Petraeus recommended it .
I think he 's trusted by the American people , the president and by me .
And General Petraeus again showed me facts on the ground where the surge is succeeding . "
Democrats took issue with his remarks and cast his candidacy as a repeat of President Bush 's tenure .
" As Americans mark another somber milestone in the war in Iraq , John McCain continues his pattern of parroting the Bush administration 's misleading rhetoric on the war , " Democratic Party spokeswoman Karen Finney said in a statement .
In the midst of a western fundraising swing after a week abroad , including visits to Iraq , the Middle East and Europe , the Arizona senator did n't mention the grim casualty milestone or the last weeks fifth anniversary of the conflict as he spoke to veterans and others at a stuffy Veterans of Foreign Wars building during a town - hall style campaign event outside of San Diego .
" I 've commented on hundreds of occasions of the sacrifice the great and brave young Americans have made in Iraq and elsewhere in the world in the struggle against radical Islamic extremism , " McCain told reporters afterward .
He said a bracelet he always wears with the name of Matthew Stanley , who was killed in Iraq , is a symbol not just of his sacrifice but also of Stanley 's 4,000 fallen comrades .
" My thoughts and my prayers go out to those families every day , " McCain added .
Also left unsaid during the event was the fact that 2007 was the war 's deadliest year with 901 American troop deaths .
That was when Bush took McCain 's advice and sent thousands more U.S. troops to Iraq to quell violence in Baghdad .
McCain long had called for such a strategy shift , and he effectively linked his presidential candidacy to the war last year even as public support for it plummeted .
" I 'm not painting to you the most rosy scenario but I am telling you , compared to a year ago , before we started this surge , and with this great general , one of the great generals in American history , General David Petraeus , that we are succeeding in Iraq , " McCain told his audience .
Asked later if he was offering the war - weary public any different path forward in Iraq than Bush , McCain reached back to the past .
" I 'm offering them the record of having objected strenuously to a failed strategy for nearly four years .
That I argued against and fought against and said that the secretary of defense of my own party , and my own president , I had no confidence in .
That 's how far I went in advocating the new strategy that is succeeding , " McCain told reporters .
( with wire reports )
A large and respected association of physicians is calling on the federal government to ease its strict ban on marijuana as medicine and hasten research into the drug ’s therapeutic uses .
The American College of Physicians , the nation ’s largest organization of doctors of internal medicine , with 124,000 members , contends that the long and rancorous debate over marijuana legalization has obscured good science that has demonstrated the benefits and medicinal promise of cannabis .
In a 13 - page position paper approved by the college ’s governing board of regents and posted Thursday on the group ’s website , the group calls on the government to drop marijuana from Schedule I , a classification it shares with illegal drugs such as heroin and LSD that are considered to have no medicinal value and a high likelihood of abuse .
The declaration could put new pressure on Washington lawmakers and government regulators who for decades have rejected attempts to reclassify marijuana .
Bush administration officials have aggressively rebuffed all attempts in Congress , the courts and among law enforcement organizations to legitimize medical marijuana .
Clinical researchers say the federal government has resisted full study of the potential medical benefits of cannabis , instead pouring money into looking at its negative effects .
A dozen states including California have legalized medical marijuana , but the federal prohibition has led to an enforcement tug of war .
In California , federal agents continue to raid cannabis dispensaries , and the small cadre of physicians specializing in writing cannabis recommendations so that people can use medical marijuana has come under regulatory scrutiny .
Given the conflicts , most mainstream doctors have steered clear of medical marijuana .
The American College of Physicians ’ position paper calls for protection of both doctors and patients from criminal and civil penalties in states that have adopted medical - marijuana laws .
“ We felt the time had come to speak up about this , ” said Dr. David Dale , the group ’s president .
“ We ’d like to clear up the uncertainty and anxiety of patients and physicians over this drug . ”
Medical - marijuana advocates embraced the position paper as a watershed event that could help turn the battle in their favor .
Bruce Mirken , a San Francisco spokesman for the Marijuana Policy Project , said the ACP position is “ an earthquake that ’s going to rattle the whole medical - marijuana debate . ”
The group , he said , “ pulverized the government ’s two favorite myths about medical marijuana -- that it ’s not supported by the medical community and that science has n’t shown marijuana to have medical value . ”
But officials at the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy said calls for legalizing medical marijuana were misguided .
“ What this would do is drag us back to 14th century medicine , ” said Bertha Madras , the agency ’s deputy director for demand reduction .
“ It ’s so arcane . ”
She said guidance on marijuana as medicine ought to come from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , which she said is unlikely ever to approve leafy cannabis as a prescription drug .
Two oral derivatives of marijuana ’s psychoactive ingredient , THC , have won FDA approval , and the agency is also in the early stages of considering a marijuana spray .
An FDA spokeswoman declined to comment on the group ’s position and referred inquiries to a 2006 media advisory noting that the agency has never approved of smoked marijuana as a medical treatment
In the 12 years since California voters approved the nation ’s first - ever medical marijuana law , several medical organizations -- including the American Nurses Assn. and the American Public Health Assn. -- have urged Congress to make cannabis a legal medicine .
But the ACP is second in size only to the American Medical Assn. , which has about 240,000 members .
The AMA has urged research into medical marijuana but opposes dropping it from Schedule I . Backers of the ACP ’s position expressed hope that it could help nudge the AMA to adopt a similar stance .
“ This could be a sea change , ” said Dr. Abraham L. Halpern , a professor emeritus at New York Medical College .
Halpern said he intends to petition the AMA to endorse rescheduling marijuana and to push for changes in federal regulations that would prevent federal anti-drug agencies -- the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and the National Institute on Drug Abuse -- from having virtual veto power over cannabis research .
The ACP position paper urges the use of non-smoked forms of cannabis as well as further research to identify the illnesses best treated with cannabis and the proper dosages for specific conditions .
It called for further research into cannabis as a pain reliever for conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis and as an aid in treatment of neurological and movement disorders such as spasticity , pain and tremor in patients with multiple sclerosis , spinal - cord injuries and other trauma .
But it cast doubt on marijuana ’s efficacy for treating epilepsy and intraocular pressure caused by glaucoma , conditions that cannabis specialists in California routinely recommend be treated with pot .
The biggest effect of the report could be symbolic .
With a presidential campaign under way , the ACP ’s stand could gain traction on the campaign trail or in a new administration .
“ It ’s going to depend on how the wind is blowing -- how we the people are thinking and reacting , where we stand on this , ” said Dr. Jocelyn Elders , U.S. surgeon general during the Clinton administration and a professor emeritus at the University of Arkansas School of Medicine .
“ I think we ’ve come a long way in the last decade or so . ”
eric.bailey@latimes.com
PC Hardware Myths To Avoid In 2008
Take a moment to ponder on this , dear readers .
How many times have we been carried away by the hype and marketing mumbo- jumbo the industry has thrown at us ?
How many times have out self - engrained loyalty to a particular brand led our consciousness to believe that their latest product , motherboard for example , is the next best thing since sliced bread ?
I believe that answer is a yes , one too many times .
It ’s January 2008 as I write this down and after a year ’s worth of hype , it has led me to feel even more disillusioned with the computing industry .
Before you write any complaints to the editor asking for me to be drawn and quartered , let me say that this was written partly due to my own misadventures based on personal beliefs and fanboyism .
Now , such things are n’t all that wrong but what is wrong is blind faith itself .
Blind faith in a certain product or brand to the point you can actually gloss over the obvious faults is bad .
In my case , the marketing boys have obviously earned their keep in 2007 .
Think of it this way .
Not many of us can afford to buy a new upgrade every 3 - 6 months .
At least , we ’d want the upgrade we just purchased to last for at least a year or so before we need to replace it .
So , the next time we go shopping at our favourite PC hardware shop , who ’d gladly help us part with our hard - earned cash , do think carefully about these questions .
First of all , does it serve your purpose ?
I know this is a rather subjective issue but let me be more precise .
For example , what 's your current computer 's specifications ?
Can it cope with that new fancy graphics card you want to buy ?
It would be pointless to buy a $ 350 graphics card like the NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GTS 512MB when your PC can not make full use of it .
You might wonder , “ Whaddaya mean my " CPU " cannot cope with the new graphics card ? "
There are two aspects to this question .
Some PCs are just too slow to enable the graphics card to run at its full potential .
You can upgrade it with an expensive graphics card but the graphics card may be held back by a slow processor ( CPU ) or lack of system memory .
Alternatively , you may upgrade to a new , fast CPU which may not realize its full potential merely because you only have 512MB of RAM .
There are also those who do not understand the importance of power supplies .
Imagine using an old 450W PSU to power a GeForce 8800 GT or GeForce 8800 Ultra without the necessary 6 - pin PCI Express power connector(s ) .
Normally , this would cause the graphics card to run at much slower clock speeds due to an insufficient power supply .
Would n't that be a waste of your money ?
You also have to consider the kind of games want to play with the graphics card .
If it ’s just going to be Warcraft III ( DOTA ) and O2 Jam , then you are just wasting your money .
That expensive graphics card is n't going to improve your gameplay or its graphics .
The money you save from not buying it could instead be used for something else , like a CPU or RAM upgrade .
Heck , you can also donate it to some African poverty fund .
Heck , it ’s up to you , but thinking about what you want to do will help you better decide whether the upgrade is even necessary .
Alright , let 's get down to some of the biggest PC hardware myths you should look out for in 2008 and beyond :
GRIMSBY lies on the Humber estuary on England 's east coast .
It is an unlikely location for a landmark white - collar crime .
The town , which once had a thriving sea-fishing industry , last troubled the business pages three years ago when Unilever , a food company , announced that it was closing its fish - finger factory there .
Yet next month three executives , two of them former employees of Dunlop Oil and Marine based in Grimsby , go on trial in Britain for their role in a global price - fixing cartel .
The three have already pleaded guilty in America to their part in a conspiracy that carved up the market for marine hose — used to funnel oil from tankers to storage facilities .
The defendants face jail under the terms of a plea- bargain with American prosecutors .
Time served in British prisons will be knocked off the sentences handed down in America .
The British trial is the first under new powers granted in 2003 and reflects a harder line against price - fixing throughout the rich world .
Cartels have long been prohibited , but many countries have recently adopted criminal sanctions .
Conspiring to rig markets is punishable by prison in Germany , France , Ireland , Japan and Canada , as well as America and Britain .
Australia is about to join the club too .
Its new government , led by Kevin Rudd , confirmed last month that it would make cartels face jail .
What explains the clamour for harsher penalties ?
After all , other sins against competition are usually dealt with by an order to desist or a fine .
When European Union courts upheld the case against Microsoft for abuse of its dominant position last year , the firm had to fork out a hefty € 777 m ( $ 990 m ) .
But Steve Ballmer , the software giant 's CEO , was never threatened with prison .
That is just as well .
Antitrust breaches such as the ones that Microsoft was convicted of — using its monopoly in desktop operating systems to hinder rivals in related markets — are hard to distinguish from robust competition .
One of the firm 's misdeeds was to bundle its media player with Windows .
Yet bundling is a common business practice that can be entirely legitimate .
Every greasy - spoon café bundles its eggs , bacon and sausages on to a plate that is sold for less than the sum of the constituent parts .
It is often tricky to draw the line between healthy discounting and predatory pricing too .
Loyalty discounts are widely used in business and have benefits for consumers and suppliers alike .
But such schemes can be used nefariously to keep rivals out of a market and preserve an incumbent 's monopoly .
In cases such as these , it is hard to say for sure whether firms ' actions are harmful to consumers .
The immediate benefits of lower prices have to be weighed against uncertain longer - term costs .
Firms may be genuinely unclear on what is permissible and heavy sentencing may make them wary of competing aggressively .
There is no such risk of over - enforcement with cartels .
For big and sophisticated firms , entering into an agreement to fix prices is a clear and knowing conspiracy against consumers .
And because such pacts are secret and hard to uncover , harsher penalties are needed if the expected costs of price - fixing are to exceed the likely benefits .
In principle , a big fine might suffice .
But in practice a fine large enough to work as a deterrent would financially cripple a company , further impairing competition and harming innocent bystanders , such as suppliers and workers .
Sanctions against culpable executives ought to be more effective .
Fining managers , however , has some of the same problems as fining firms .
Because there is only a small chance of being caught , a penalty big enough to put off a budding price - fixer may be many times his wealth — and hence unpayable .
There is some evidence to suggest that the personal sanctions are a more effective deterrent than financial penalties .
A survey carried out for Britain 's Office of Fair Trading ( OFT ) asked executives to score the deterrent effect of five sanctions .
Fines ranked fourth and private damages fifth , behind bad publicity and being disqualified from doing business .
The most feared punishment was prison .
In America trustbusters say that busted price - fixers regularly offer to pay bigger fines to try and avoid jail .
Waving a get - out - of - jail - free card
The threat of jail also helps with the detection of cartels .
Trustbusters rely heavily on the promise of amnesties to crack price - fixing conspiracies .
Immunity for whistleblowers strikes at the heart of a cartel , because each conspirator is aware one of the others could rat to the authorities and escape punishment .
The harsher the penalty , the greater the spur to be first to confess .
Since penalties in America were strengthened in 2004 the caseload of cartel - busters has increased .
At the end of the past fiscal year , there were 135 pending investigations , the highest since 1992 .
The OFT 's own leniency policy was instrumental in breaking up a price - fixing deal on transatlantic flights between Virgin and British Airways ( BA ) .
Virgin spilt the beans ; but only BA paid a fine .
And though both companies agreed $ 204 m compensation with passengers on February 15th , a criminal investigation is still in progress and BA executives may yet go to jail .
In Australia Visy was fined A$ 36 m ( $ 32 m ) in November for fixing the price of cardboard .
The case created a stir because of the record fine and because the judge said that every Australian had been harmed by the cartel each time they bought goods that had been moved in cardboard boxes .
Or to put it more bluntly : consumers were robbed .
As Australia 's chief trustbuster , Graeme Samuel , noted after the trial , “ Cartels are theft — usually by well - dressed thieves ” .
Attitudes towards white - collar crime have changed since the 1970s , when a senior American judge sentenced cartel members to giving lunchtime lectures on the evils of price - fixing .
Today the belief that the punishment should fit the crime is gaining ground .
Cosy deals with rivals , even perhaps ones hatched in uncosy places such as Grimsby , are larceny and should be treated as such .
Pat Robertson ' sort of outed ' own producer as cocaine user David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday February 19 , 2008
|
Print This Email This MSNBC's Willie Geist noted with astonishment on Morning Joe that Pat Robertson , a leader of the religious right , " sort of outed his producer on his show the other day . "
" Our producer showed me something several years ago , " Robertson stated on a broadcast of the 700 Club .
" He was bragging that he does n't drink any alcoholic beverages ... but he does ingest a paste of cocoa -- not cocoa like chocolate , but coca like cocaine -- and he said that 's what keeps him strong .
He gets it from Evo Morales down in Bolivia . "
" As I understand , the distribution of cocaine and its derivatives are against the law , but he was bragging on the fact that he uses it .
Maybe that accounts for some of his erratic behavior , " Robertson concluded , laughing .
" I think he 's just a man with a very interesting perspective on things , " suggested Robertson 's co-host .
" Well , that 's one way to get it .
You get yourself hopped up on coke , and it 'll do it for you , " laughed Robertson .
President Evo Morales of Bolivia is a former coca grower and champion of the rights of indigenous farmers to continue raising the coca plant that Bolivians have been using as a mild stimulant in its unprocessed form for thousands of years .
However , the idea that he would be supplying refined cocaine to American tourists appears to be some sort of elaborate joke on Pat Robertson 's part .
In August 2005 , Robertson raised a storm of controversy when he called on his show for the assassination of President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela , who is known as an ally of Morales .
" We have the ability to take him out , " Robertson said of Chavez , " and I think the time has come that we exercise that ability . "
Whatever Robertson may have had in mind , the hosts of Morning Joe appear to have taken his remarks at face value .
Joe Scarborough commented in amazement , " It 's a lot different from when my grandma used to watch the 700 Club .
This video is from MSNBC's Morning Joe , broadcast February 19 , 2008 .
Transcript via closed captions :: pat robertson , host of " the 700 club , " you know how he can smile through everything .
he sort of outed his producer on the show the other day for probably what 's a sensitive issue for that producer , but he was smiling the whole time .
listen to this . :: our producer showed me something several years ago .
he was bragging that he does n't drink any alcoholic beverages , which we say good for him , but he does ingest a taste of cocoa -- not cocoa like hot chocolate but cocoa like cocaine .
and he said , that 's what keeps him strong , and he flexes his muscles .
he gets it from evo morales down in bolivia , and as i understand , the distribution of cocaine and its derivatives are against the law , but he was bragging on the fact that he uses it .
maybe that accounts for some of his erratic behavior . :: i think he 's just a man with a very interesting perspective on things .
:: that 's one way to get it , get yourself hopped up on coke , and it will do it for you . :: oh , my goodness . :: there 's so much to say there .
it makes him strong .
all this time i thought it was spinach .
and then pat robertson launches into a detailed explanation of the trade , how it works , how it goes down , where you pick it up in bolivia . :: i'm curious .
several years ago we heard pat robertson saying he took a certain product that allowed him to leg press 4,000 pounds .
and i wonder if his producer came in and dropped a little bit of coke inside of his jesus juice . :: i just can't get over his explanation of the distribution network .
you go down to bolivia , you float it up , drop it outside of miami , put it in boats and drive it in .
that 's the kind of stuff you 're getting on " the 700 club " these days . :: wow , it 's a lot different from when my grandma used to watch it . :: i do n't remember it that way when i was growing up watching it .
that is definitely " news you ca n't use . " :: is i would say thanks for nothing but -- :: that was kind of something , right ? for once .
there you have it . :: yeah , willie .
you really -- :: all right .
The US Air Force is experimenting with a synthetic fuel that could become a cheaper fuel - alternative for the entire US military and even commercial aviation , officials say .
As the cost of a barrel of oil approaches $ 100 and US reliance on foreign oil sources grows , the Air Force , the single biggest user of energy in the US government , wants to find a cheaper alternative .
Air Force officials think they may have found it in a fuel that blends the normal JP - 8 fuel , currently used for the military 's jet engines , with a synthetic fuel made from natural gas and liquid coal .
The 50 - 50 blend is less expensive – between $ 40 to $ 75 per barrel – and it burns cleaner than normal fuel .
The synthetic fuel is purchased from US - based suppliers and then blended with the military 's JP - 8 fuel .
" We 're making sure the Air Force is ahead of the curve so we can utilize this domestic resource instead of having to be both dependent on foreign sources and send dollars offshore instead of spending the dollars here in the US , " says Kevin Billings , a deputy assistant secretary of the Air Force helping to oversee the initiative .
Last week , on the 104th anniversary of the Wright Brothers ' first flight , the Air Force flew a C - 17 Globemaster III from Washington state to New Jersey , the first transcontinental flight using the synthetic fuel .
The flight was an attempt to demonstrate that pilots could fly the plane , considered a " workhorse " of the Air Force fleet , using " syn- fuel " without degrading the performance of the plane 's engine .
The flight went well , officials say .
" It was completely unremarkable , which is exactly what we wanted to have happen , " says Mr. Billings .
The flight followed a similar demonstration with a B - 52 Stratofortress bomber last year .
The fuel was then certified for use in the B - 52 this summer .
The service hopes to have all its planes certified to run on the fuel within the next five years .
And by 2016 , the Air Force hopes to meet half their US demand for fuel using the synthetic blend , first used in the 1920s , but further developed during World War II .
The Air Force would like to increase the amount of synthetic fuel it uses by that time , but recognizes that the private sector 's push to get there will largely determine how fast the Air Force can move towards its goal or accelerate beyond it .
" [ T ] he market is n't moving fast enough yet for us to move any quicker , " says William Anderson , assistant secretary of the Air Force for installations , environment and logistics .
The Air Force hopes to stimulate the private sector to embrace the move toward synthetic fuels , which will help private firms as much as it does the Air Force , says Mr. Anderson .
" We believe that we need domestic sources of aviation fuel to assure the American taxpayer long term that we can fight tonight and fight tomorrow , " said Anderson during a recent roundtable for defense reporters .
" And that requires that a domestic synthetic or alternative aviation fuel market grow in this country . "
The reality that the US government , the largest net importer of foreign oil in 2006 , can no longer rely so heavily on foreign oil has emerged as the price of oil climbs and instability in many countries increases .
At the same time , more demand for oil in places like China and India , has forced the US to look for other ways to fuel its own demand .
Currently , about 58 percent of the nation 's petroleum comes from foreign sources , and that is expected to jump to 68 percent by 2030 , Air Force officials say .
In addition to being cheaper and ultimately more plentiful , synthetic fuel can also be greener , Air Force officials say .
The fuel itself burns cleaner than regular JP - 8 fuel , but the current process used to make the fuel produces nearly twice the amount of carbon .
The Air Force is requiring the plants that are being built to make the fuel to capture more of the carbon produced and reuse it , thus making the fuel ultimately greener , officials say .
The Air Force is taking " a leadership role " in the endeavor and working to ensure that the fuel can be used by Army , Navy , and Marine aircraft as well , according to Air Force officials .
Although the Air Force is the biggest user of energy in the US government , it only accounts for about 10 percent of the country 's total demand for aviation fuel , a fact not lost on scientists working to develop the synthetic fuel for commercial aviation use .
The Air Force is working with Boeing and Pratt & Whitney on the project .
The C - 17 was chosen for the transcontinental flight because its engines are similar to a Boeing 757 plane , commonly used by commercial airlines .
At least one member of Congress is on board .
" The Air Force alternative fuel program is as important to the nation as it is to the Air Force because it keeps focus on alternative fuels by the largest user of the fuel in the US government , " said Rep. Jim Saxton ( R ) of New Jersey , who attended the event celebrating the landing of the C - 17 in his state last week .
" We must continue to support the research ... to find cleaner , more environmentally friendly fuels that include both renewable and unconventional fuel , " he added .
37 points by parent by elibarzilay 4624 days ago | link
38 points by by GreyLensman 4624 days ago | link
----- 19 points by by matthiasf 4623 days ago | link
----- 2 points by by NickSmith 4622 days ago | link
----- 2 points by by croach 4620 days ago | link
----- 1 point by by NickSmith 4620 days ago | link
----- 1 point by by croach 4619 days ago | link
----- 4 points by by NickSmith 4619 days ago | link
----- 2 points by by vincenz 4621 days ago | link
----- 6 points by by willpost 4620 days ago | link
-----
Below is some salary information for other similar jobs :
Marriage statistics , separation & infidelity statistics
This page provides many statistics on marriage and separation , including how many people are or have been married , how often people marry , how long they stay married , when they remarry ...
The following statistics ( except for Infidelity statistics ) are taken from a 2002 publication of the U.S. Census Bureau : Number , Timing , and Duration of Marriages and Divorces : 1996 , by Rose M. Kreider and Jason M. Fields .
As the title indicates , it is based on 1996 Census data .
Incidence of marriage :
69 percent of men and 76 percent of women age 15 and over had been married at least once .
This means that 31 percent of men and 24 percent of women age 15 and over had never married .
This covers broad disparities by age group :
- Among teenagers ( age 15 to 19 ) , 99 percent of males and 97 percent of females were never married .
- For people age 50 and over , only a small proportion of
men and women had never married , 5 percent or less .
Most adults have married only once .
- 54 percent of men and 60 percent of women had married once ,
- 13 percent of men and women had married twice ,
- 3 percent had married three or more times .
Most people who had ever divorced are currently married .
- In 1996 , 20 percent of men and 22 percent of women age 15 and over had ever been divorced .
- Less than half were still divorced ( 8 percent of men and 10 percent of women ) .
- The percent ever divorced was highest among men 40 to 59 years old ( 35 percent ) and among women 40 to 49 years old ( 37 percent ) .
Widowed statistics
The percent of adults in 1996 who had ever been widowed was higher for women than for men ( 12 versus
4 percent ) , reflecting the higher mortality rates for men .
Most women age 70 and over in 1996 had been widowed ( 58 percent ) , compared with only 25 percent of men age 70 and over .
Most people in this age group who had experienced widowhood were currently widowed ( 19 percent of men
and 55 percent of women ) .
Differences in spousal ages
Women are 2.5 years younger than their husbands , on average .
For first marriages , an increased percentage of women are the same age or older than the men they marry .
About 38 percent of women in their first marriage , who married between 1945 and 1964 , were the same age or older than their husbands , compared with 48 percent of currently married women in their first marriage who married between 1970 and 1989 .
Spouses in their second marriages are about twice as likely to have at least a 5 - year age gap as people in their first marriage , 40 percent and less than 20 percent
respectively .
Duration of marriage and separation
First marriages which end in divorce last 7 to 8 years , on
average .
The median number of years a first marriage lasted
which ended in divorce was about 8
years for men and women overall .
The median time from marriage to separation was shorter , at about 6.6 years with about 1 year between
separation and divorce .
Half of those who remarry after a divorce from a first
marriage do so within about 3 years .
Half of the men and women who remarried after divorcing
from their first marriage did so in about 3 years .
The median duration of second marriages that ended in divorce was shorter than for first marriages ending in divorce .
The median duration for these marriages was
about 7 years for men and women .
Infidelity statistics
There are very clear limitations to what infidelity statistics can tell us : we do not know how honest the respondents are , whether they claim to not have affairs out of shame , or boast of affairs they did n't have .
Keeping in mind these limitations , here are some infidelity statistics provided by Associated Press a few years ago .
- 22 percent of men and 14 percent of women admitted to having sexual relations outside their marriage sometime in their past .
- 70 percent of married women and 54 percent of married men did not know of their spouses ' extramarital activity .
- 17 percent of divorces in the United States are caused by infidelity .
See also :
- Why couples fight : Four common marriage problems .
How to fix & save your marriage
- Can separated couples reconcile & reunite ?
Five steps to marriage separation reconciliation
- Healthy conflict resolution :
How to manage conflict and ( lack of ) communication in your marriage relationship
Sponsored Links
The basic idea of Trusted Computing is that security on a computer is obtained via hardware , through a specific chip dedicated exclusively to this task and called Trusted Platform Module ( TPM ) .
It 's a very controversial project , as I wrote four years ago .
Originally sold as a beneficial security system for users ( which is partially true ) , trusted Computing and Palladium risk to open the doors to inviolable copy - protection systems and to censorship and surveillance issues to unprecedented levels .
To tell you the truth , it also has another name : " Trusted Computing " .
The name Palladium is a leftover of a Microsoft project of 2002 , then awkwardly renamed Next - Generation Secure Computing Base , but it is still used , although improperly .
Photo credit : Solid Block of Ise
The Electronic Frontier Foundation raises a fundamental doubt that is valid for all hardware - based security solutions : if security is managed by a chip , it is necessary to make sure that the chip does not contain implementation errors , or still worse , undocumented access channels .
Because if they really exist , they are not removable : the chip is wired to the motherboard .
If security is managed by software , I can change the software whenever I like , and if I use open source software in order to guarantee my security , I can check ( or have others do it ) that it works as it is supposed to do , without errors nor traps .
As far as I know ( and IBM 's refutation is too vague to be categorical ) , a computer equipped with a TPM chip is a computer that can refuse to obey to his owner 's commands and that can also decide by itself to execute only the software apps and the operating systems approved by its computer 's manufacturer .
Bad stuff .
There are many PCs that already integrate this technology , even if no operating system presently uses the TPM chip for disputable goals .
Until now the TPM chip has been used only to cypher user 's data and some other things , and evenWindows Vista will not implement it in an extensive way .
Linux offers the use of the TPM chip as an option .
What has this to do with Apple ?
It 's simple : it is not clear whether the newMacs with the Intel chip inside that are now on sale do have a TPM chip installed in them or not .
And I am not likely to buy a Mac ( indeed , I would not even buy a toaster ) if it contains a spy chip whose operations I cannot control .
Such privacy and security distortion are the absolute negation of the term " personal computer " .
The computer is mine ! : it is not a shared condominium with uncle Bill , Hollywood people driving in limousines and the music market bosses .
But there is an important precedent : when Apple announced the migration from PowerPc processors to Intel processors , it made some PCs with Intel processor and a custom - built version of Mac OS X , available only to the developers , long time before the serial Intel Macs were available to the public .
These PCs for developers certainly had a TPM chip .
At OSX86 Project.org , there are pictures that show the TPM chip wired to the motherboard of these " custom - built " Macs .
The TPM chip is an Infineon , like this one .
The function of the TPM chip in the developers '
PCs was to avoid that the custom - built Mac OS X could be installed on non-Apple computers .
That solution did not really work as expected , but this is another story .
What really matters is to determine whether available production Macs available now in the stores have this contested chip or not .
I have being doing extensive research through Google but next to no results .
There is an article on Punto Informatico claiming that the presence of the chip ( also called Fritz Chip ) is
" largely documented , both by several developers ' websites and the descriptive cards of some Apple distributors "
but I could not find any of them .
I have instead found quite a few sites that dissect Intel Mac Mini and iMac Core Duo , but there 's no trace or mention of the TPM chip .
Even the official Apple 's website is mute about the presence of TPM chips inside the new Intel Macs .
It is instead reasonably sure thatthe new Macs operating system searches the TPM chip .
There are in facts parts of Mac OS X Intel that directly query the optional TPM chip .
As mentioned before , its function , for now , seems to be to simply to avoid that Mac OS X could run on non-Apple computers , but nothing prevents the chip from being used in the future for other purposes .
Given Apple 's high stakes in the online music business ( read iTunes ) , it would not be unreasonable to expect , for example , Steve Jobs ' company to use the chip as a DRM management system ( anti-copy ) , with all the consequences in terms of restrictions that would be imposed on individual users , and which would not be based upon constitutional law but by the whims of theRIAA and the MPAA .
But , there is an article written in German by Heise .
de that seems to confirm the presence of the evil chip while providing also its exact location :
" The Japanese website Kodawarisan shows the images of a dismembered iMac with Core Duo processor , where it is shown that this Apple Computer contains an Infineon TPM chip .
Certainly , the caption on the 28 pin IC close to the Intel Southbridge ( 82801GBM , also ICH7 - M ) is not well readable , but the Infineon logo is clearly recognizable . "
I have taken a look at the pictures mentioned in the link provided by Heise.de ( which I had already found via Google ) , but I see no trace of the TPM chip .
It is also true that Heise . de has a very high reputation and as such it would never write that there 's a " recognizable Infineon logo " without any reason .
Perhaps some higher resolution images were previously available .
This is really critical information to understand whether it 's still ok to buy and recommend Apple products or it is better to get your hands on some of the older PowerPc Macs before they disappear from the market .
UPDATE : March 30th 2006
Fab , one of the readers of my blog , thanks to the comments section on my original article , has contributed a picture that maybe shows the chip : I publish it here below .
I think that it is not clear enough and it seems that the captions on the chip do not match with the original official ones of the Infineon chip ( which you can see at the top of this article ) nor with those of developers '
Macs , but it is a possible precious hint .
This one could be the photo on which Heise . de has based its article .
Photo credit : MyDrivers.com
I have also received the translation of the full article on Heise.de ( thanks to r. pulito ) , in which I have left the most relevant links ( I have also done some minor editing changes to further clarify some points ) .
" The first Intel Pentium - 4 processor based systems , sold by Apple from the first half of 2005 as Developer Transition Kits ( DTK ) to developers who were members of the Apple Developer Connection ( ADC ) ( and now exchanged with iMacs within the DTK Exchange Program ) , were equipped with a Trusted Platform Module ( TPM ) by Infineon , which was wired to the Intel motherboard .
The Japanese web page Kodawarisan displays some pictures of an iMac with a Dual Core processor .
According to these pictures , this Apple computer still integrated an Infineon TPM chip .
Unfortunately , the integrated 28 pin mark close to the Intel South Bridge ( 81801CBM , also ICH7 - M ) is not readable , though the Infineon logo is clearly recognizable and it should be the SLB 9635 TT 1.2 , compatible with TCG - TPM - 1.2 .
It is pretty surprising that Apple does not state anything about the existence of this chip ( component SLB 9635 TT 1.2 ) within the existing iMac documentation , which clashes with Apple own rigid criticism towards the TCPA / TCG initiative about " Trusted Computing " .
It is not yet clear whether the TPM chip is active by default and not deactivable , just like computer models available to the early developers mentioned above .
Also , it is not clear in which way this component should be used .
Until now , its presence and main use were understood to be the one of a hardware - dongle , whose function was to prevent the installation of Mac OS X on computer motherboards lacking the TPM chip .
An perennially active TPM chip , that requires no explicit " Taking ownership " activation procedure would be , again , deeply incompatible with the guidelines of TCG's " Best Practices and Principles " ; however , I must note that Apple is not a member of this group .
Not only .
The fact that TPM chips could be used to support the forced imposition of a Digital Rights Management system on end users is clearly mentioned in the TCG's FAQs .
Kodawarisan 's pictures also undoubtedly reveal the use of the i945 GM chipset and not of its variants i945 PM or i945GT .
It is not clear why Apple aims at a more expensive version of the chipsets while , in the same time , it installs a separate PCIe graphics chip .
Differently from desktop chipsets , for laptop chipsets both of the i954 versions belong to the Stable Image Platform Program .
Photo credit : Hale - Minneapolis
UPDATE - April 1st 2006
This is not an April Fool 's day hoax ; yesterday I received the pictures of a iMac 1.83 monoprocessor 's motherboard .
The images show a Infineon chip with the following code : SLB9635TT12 - G546K1V 00Za544257 .
This one could be the TPM chip : as it has been noted in the comments provide by my readers , the first line of the caption is like the one that was on the TPM Infineon chip installed on Intel Macs for developers .
I have also more detailed pictures of the motherboard : the complete image - set is accessible on Flickr .
If anyone is capable to further identify the chip on the basis of these identification codes ( Google does not reveal anything by searching for them ) , please post it in the comments .
Photo credit : Paolo Attivissimo
Having ascertained beyond any reasonable doubt that there is a TPM chip in the new Macs , we now need to decide what to do :
Purchase a PowerPc Mac before it disappears from the market , knowing that at least two or three years will pass before the migration is completed and all the Mac software is available in Universal Binary ?
Swallow the toad and hope that Apple only wants to use the TPM chip as an copy prevention system in order to block installation of Mac OSX on non-Apple computers ?
Migrate to Linux - maybe a version specifically designed for Apple Intel computers in which there is no software that calls the TPM chip - and in which one can deactivate via BIOS or EFI the TPM chip ?
Look for non-Apple PCs without a TPM chip and install Linux on it ?
And how do we know which PCs do n't have separate TPM chips or ( worse ) TPM modules integrated in the processor ?
This is surely an issue that deserves a lot of attention .
Originally published by Paolo Attivissimo as
" Palladium in Apple " on March 30th 2006
We are glad to inform you that Paolo has recently re-published an English version of his article .
I highly recommend , to those who can read in Italian , Paolo 's blog .
It is a trusted and highly esteemed news source which has served me with great news and information for a long time now .
Translated by Livia Iacolare and Robin Good
What Willy Wonka did for chocolate , UCLA microbiologist Wenyuan
Shi is doing for lollipops .
Because of Shi , thousands of orange - flavored lollipops are rolling out of a factory in Grand Rapids , Mich. , into the hands of people eager to lick them for one reason only .
Shi and his lab team at the School of Dentistry have managed to make candy that 's actually good for your teeth .
The orange - flavored , sugar - free lollipop they devised is infused with a natural ingredient found in licorice that kills the primary bacterium causing tooth decay , Streptococcus mutans .
Marketed as Dr. John 's Herbal Candy , the lollipop , now available for purchase through a candy manufacturer that licenses the technology from UCLA , is the first therapeutic developed by Shi .
But he has many more in the works to target bacteria wreaking havoc in the nose , ear and gut , to name just a few .
It all emerges from a vision the microbiologist had eight years ago to apply a medical approach to dentistry - to identify the decay - causing pathogens among the 700 kinds of bacteria living in the human mouth , track their presence and then target them with antimicrobial " smart bombs " that he and his lab would engineer to kill the bad bacteria without harming the good .
And he 's also working on kits to test for these devilish pathogens .
" Part of my wild dream is that one day you will walk into the dentist 's office and give a saliva sample to be tested , just as you would give urine and blood samples to doctors , " said Shi , a professor with joint appointments in UCLA 's dental and medical schools .
FOR MORE INFORMATION FOR MORE INFORMATION
News from SPACE.com Science and space news on USATODAY.com Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook
Life almost undoubtedly began in space , and specifically in the hearts of comets , rather than on Earth , a new study claims .
Chandra Wickramasinghe , an astrobiologist at Cardiff University in the United Kingdom , and his team say their calculations show that it is one trillion trillion times more likely that life started inside a slushy comet than on Earth .
" The comets and the warm watery clay pools in comets are settings in which the organic molecules are transformed into living structures in comets , " Wickramasinghe said .
" That transformation is more likely in some comet somewhere in the galaxy than in any small pond on the Earth . "
The new findings will be detailed in an upcoming issue of the International Journal of Astrobiology .
But while most scientists are willing to concede that fallen comets might have delivered some of the water and organic materials necessary for life to Earth , critics say that Wickramasinghe 's proposal that life originated in comets which subsequently crashed on our planet — an idea called panspermia — is speculative and not supported by evidence .
" It looks to me as if their conclusions are constructed from a series of speculations , none of which is based on much evidence .
It is a theory built on air , not solidly grounded in scientific facts , " said David Morrison , a senior scientist at the NASA Ames Research Center in Moffett Field , California , who was not involved in the study .
Speculative Wickramasinghe and his colleagues ' idea rests on the assumption that comets are full of porous clay particles that can hold water in a liquid form for eons .
Cometary missions such as Deep Impact have found evidence for a variety of silicates existing inside comets , but not clay per se , Morrison said .
The " assumption that Earth has very little clay while comets are full of clay is the key to their argument , and it is at best speculation , " Morrison said .
It is also an open question as to whether comets do indeed contain liquid water inside them and whether other star systems support comets at all , let alone clay - , water - or life - bearing comets .
" No comets have been discovered yet around other stars , " Morrison said in an email interview .
Paul Falkowski , a biochemist at Rutgers University in New Jersey , also does not think that the site of life 's origins can be figured out using simple calculations .
" These basic kinds of things are dependent on the beginning initial assumptions .
I do n't know that we know the odds , " Falkowski said .
" We know the odds for exactly one planet , and it happened once , so everything else is a game . "
The cosmic ray threat Recent work by Falkowski and his team suggests that life would have difficulty surviving unprotected in deep space where comets reside .
In research detailed in the Aug. 6 issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , the team recovered highly degraded microbial DNA from 8 million - year - old Antarctic ice and estimated that DNA on Earth has a half - life of only about 1.1 million years .
In other words , every 1.1 million years , half of the DNA disappears .
The researchers say cosmic rays are the culprits and think that DNA - or any other complex organic molecule - would have a difficult time surviving for long in space , where radiation levels are much higher than on Earth .
" The radiation flux on the surface of this planet is one - tenth to one - one - hundredth to that of space , " Falkowski told SPACE.com .
" So when you go into a situation where you do n't have a magnetic field protecting you from cosmic background radiation , the amount of damage to DNA would be incredibly high . "
Falkowski's team estimates that DNA would survive only a few hundred thousand years in space , essentially ruling out interstellar pollination of life by comets as well as the potential for life to survive in space for very long .
Copyright 2007 , SPACE.com Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Burma 's regime faced widespread protests last year
Burma 's generals
The regime had set out what it called a roadmap for democracy but had not previously given any firm timetable .
The opposition National League for Democracy ( NLD ) called the announcement " vague , incomplete and strange " .
Burma , under military rule since 1962 , saw rare nationwide protests against the junta in August and September .
The military responded with a deadly crackdown in which at least 31 people were killed , according to the UN .
I was surprised that they announced an election date without knowing the referendum results
Nyan Win
Opposition spokesman here
Saturday 's statement from the military leadership , broadcast on radio and television , announced : " Multi- party democratic elections will be held in 2010 , according to the new constitution .
" It is suitable to change the military administration to a democratic , civil administrative system , as good fundamentals have been established .
" The country 's basic infrastructure has been built , although there is still more to do in striving for the welfare of the nation . "
NLD spokesman Nyan Win expressed surprise that the election had been planned before the results of the constitutional referendum were known .
" According to my understanding , the election date should be set up after the referendum results .
I was surprised that they announced an election date without knowing the referendum results , " he told the BBC .
The proposed constitutional changes have not been made public , but some suspect that they would in effect bar NLD leader Aung Sang Suu Kyi from office and perhaps ensure that a military leader was chosen .
Election results ignored
Burma held a multi-party election in 1990 , two years after thousands were killed in a crackdown on popular demonstrations .
The NLD won the poll , but the military ignored the result and Ms Suu Kyi has spent 12 of the last 18 years under house arrest in Burma 's commercial capital , Rangoon .
Ms Suu Kyi's party won elections in 1990
Instead , the military formed a convention in 1993 that spent the next 14 years setting out guidelines for a new constitution .
Saturday 's statement said the constitution , which is now being drafted by a government - appointed commission , would be finished soon .
The military 's roadmap for democracy has been widely dismissed as a sham by observers .
Late last month , Ms Suu Kyi said she was not satisfied by recent talks with military rulers , expressing concern that the meetings might raise false hopes of political reform .
She repeated demands that the talks must involve pro-democracy groups and representatives of Burma 's ethnic groups .
The blast lifted the roof off the Waukegan shopping centre
Aerial footage
Hydraulic lifting equipment was used to rescue the injured after the roof was blown off the plaza in Waukegan , about 65 km ( 40 miles ) north of Chicago .
Waukegan Mayor Richard
Hyde told the BBC the blast was caused by a gas leak around noon local time ( 1800 GMT ) .
Four shops were damaged as a ceiling collapsed and shop windows shattered in the blast .
Around 100 firefighters rushed to the scene , with fire crews drafted in from surrounding towns to help with the rescue effort .
A team from the People 's Gas company were on site to investigate the suspected gas leak .
The worst - hit shops included a hair salon , a mobile phone shop and a tailoring shop .
Mannequins strewn among debris from the blast were at first mistaken for the body of victims , says the BBC's Jonathan Josephs .
You say Obama , MSNBC says Osama : yet another media ' mix - up '
MSNBC's ' Hardball ' is the latest bumbler in a series of media mistakes showing Osama bin Laden while 2008 White House hopeful Sen. Barack Obama ( D - IL ) is being discussed .
' Hardball ' host Chris Matthews was referring to charges by the camp of fellow White House contender Sen. Hillary Clinton ( D - NY ) that Obama had plagiarized a speech when the gaffe occurred .
As Matthews said , " [ W ] hat did Barack Obama say and why is it causing controversy ? " an image appeared on the screen of terror mastermind Osama bin Laden with the caption ' Words About Words . '
The image quickly disappeared and Matthews seemed to pause for a second .
He later apologized for the " graphic over my shoulder " without being specific .
CNN , The New York Post , and even former White House candidate Mitt Romney have all erroneously referred to the Illinois senator as " Osama , " though some critics charge the associations are hardly accidental .
This video is from MSNBC's Hardball , broadcast February 19 , 2008 .
Cool and Creative Green Roofs have become a very important component of sustainable urban development within the last 30 years .
Growing awareness and the economical and ecological advantages are the driving factors for this great success .
At present , Cool and Creative Green Roofs , sky gardens and rooftop gardens can be found in nearly all the big cities around the world .
It can be characterize into three different forms of Cool and Creative Green Roofs :
Extensive Cool and Creative Green Roofs are well suited roofs with little load bearing capacity and sites which are not meant to be used as roof gardens .
The costs are lower than Simple Intensive or Intensive Cool and Creative Green Roofs .
Semi-Intensive Cool and Creative Green Roofs in terms of requirements fall in between Extensive and Intensive Green Roof systems .
More maintenance , higher costs and more weight are the characteristics for the intermediate Green Roof type compared to that of the Extensive Green Roof .
Intensive Green Roof / Roof Garden : Lawn , perennials , bushes and trees are possible on Intensive Cool and Creative Green Roofs .
Walkways , benches , playgrounds or even ponds can be established as additional features on the roof .
There are no limitations in design and individuality , but a few things have to be considered .
The plants spend their days transforming CO2 , the main greenhouse gas , into life - giving oxygen .
And , of course , the green slopes also cover the hard , artificial outline of the roof .
The Germans have been installing green roofs for 30 years , so why do n't we ?
One of the big advantages is in controlling rainwater run-off .
' A green roof will retain an inch of rainwater that would otherwise run off , ' he says .
Aesthetics come into it too .
" They can cool down cities in summer , filter dust out of the air and regulate the temperature of buildings , "
" One of the other reasons that we 're suggesting this is for aesthetic quality . "
Cool and Creative Green Roofs have been installed in the US , in places such as Chicago City Hall , and more are planned , like Ford 's River renovation in Detroit .
However , our roof conditions are substantially different than those in Germany .
Green roofs add natural beauty to a landscape that is increasingly made up of concrete & pavement .
And what 's the purpose of having a regular roof which provides no ecological , economic , or aesthetic benefits .
The plants absorb CO2 & provide a haven to insects & birds .
They provide cooling in summer & insulate the building by absorbing rainwater in winter .
On a hot summer day the surface temperature of a green roof can be cooler than the air temperature .
Apart from this it also provide a wide range of public & private benefits .
Green roof planted with native species at L'Historial de la Vendée , a new museum in western France .
( Photo credit : Simon Garbutt ) Green Roof System , Hamilton Building in Portland , & Green Roof System , Mountain Equipment Co-op in Toronto .
Corporate Golf Course Green Roof .
Even the British housing minister Ms. Yvette Cooper stated :" Ms Cooper said that putting grass or alpine plants on roofs was a key way to improve insulation , boost wildlife .
On hot summer days , the surface temperature of a vegetated rooftop can be cooler than the air temperature , whereas the surface of a traditional rooftop can be up to 90 °F ( 50 °C ) warmer . "
An extensive green roof covers the garage providing an aesthetically pleasing view for the building occupants ( Photo courtesy of Behrens Systementwick English Nature spokesman Pete Massini suggests there are many benefits if one goes for a green roof :
An intensive roof garden in Manhattan .
Several grass roofs can be seen in the village of Bøur in the Faroe Islands .
Awesome green roof art school at the Nanyang Technological University in Singapore .
On the green roof of the Mountain Equipment Co-op store in Toronto , Canada .
Extreme Makeover - Home Edition in the Arizona desert .
Here is another from Alaska Convention & Visitor 's Bureau - at West 4th Avenue in downtown Anchorage .
Stabor ( storage building ) near Lillehammer Located in Sisters Bay , on state Rte. 42 in down town at AL's Resturant .
Door Co - WI .
Grass roofed building with goats on the roof eating it !
Source : 1 Other Posts :
Tuesday , February 12 , 2008
Screenshot showing DNS - server is updated to point one domain to the police censorship page , but another domain is not treated the same .
The Finnish police have added Finnish hacker Matti Nikki's website lapsiporno .
info criticizing Internet censorship to Finland ’s new national child porn filter .
The blacklisting was noticed when Finland 's second largest Internet service provider Elisa started blocking the page today .
More of the ISP's are expected to join the filtering when their blacklists are updated from the police 's master list .
The banned site has been a harsh critic of Internet censorship over the last three years .
It contains information and news about how censorship has been discussed and developing in Finland .
Although the site 's provocative name is lapsiporno.info ( " childporn.info " ) there is no child porn on the site - the content is mainly text .
Tekniikka & Talous magazine asked Commissioner Lars Henriksson of Finland 's National Bureau of Investigation ( NBI ) why the page was censored .
His answer was that he cannot discuss individual sites , but said that sites which are linking to child porn pages are also within the scope of the law .
This interpretation , however , seems to conflict with the actual laws , the scope of which was supposed to be only sites with illegal pictures in foreign countries .
On Wednesday , NBI confirmed that site was censored because it published and maintained an incomplete version of the Finnish child porn blacklist .
Nikki's list contained roughly two - thirds of the 1500 blacklist entries , and it was created by scanning a large amount of sites and logging the censored pages .
The scan also found that the top three results of a Google search for " gay porn " are blacklisted , and that most of the blocked sites are actually physically located in the United States or the European Union .
Leena Romppainen of Electronic Frontier Finland commented that " The local authorities have taken no action on these sites .
Therefore , either the sites do not contain child pornography or the NBI has not informed the local authorities .
Both of the alternatives are equally scary . "
Matti Nikki's opinion is that the majority of the censored sites are legal adult sites and that the police are not doing that much research when they are deciding which sites to block .
Internet censorship has been a hot topic in Finland as of late .
There have been proposals of extending Internet filtering to Internet gambling sites , sites related to terrorism and violence , and torrent - tracker The Pirate Bay .
Sources
Let 's face it :
There 's no body part women obsess about more than breasts -- their size , shape , sag factor , and whether those strange pains stem from monthly PMS hormones or something more ominous , like breast cancer .
Wearing a good exercise bra when you 're young can stave off droopiness later .
All this nipple - gazing makes sense :
Your chest changes over the decades , meaning you 're continually facing new questions and concerns .
To help you troubleshoot at every stage , Health asked experts to get age - specific .
Here 's the latest on how to keep your breasts healthy and looking great -- now and in the years to come .
Your breasts in your 30s
Typically , in your 30s your breasts still have good elasticity and tone , says Shirley Archer , a health - and - fitness educator at the Stanford University School of Medicine and author of " Busting Out . "
If you have kids now , you 'll notice changes post - baby .
While your breasts get bigger during the actual pregnancy , you may , alas , permanently go down a half - cup or cup from your original size once you 've given birth and / or breast - fed .
( This phenomenon is called breast involution , a process where the milk - making system inside the breast shrinks because it 's not needed anymore . )
Your most common concern :
Breast pain .
Many thirtysomethings have fibrocystic breasts , a grab bag term for tender lumpiness resulting from hormonal changes , says Holly Smedira , M.D. , a medical breast specialist at the Cleveland Clinic Breast Center .
Although uncomfortable , the condition is benign and does n't increase breast - cancer risk .
Cutting back on caffeine may help alleviate some of the pain , as may taking evening primrose oil ( 1.3 grams orally twice a day ) , a natural form of fatty acid believed to interfere with the body 's production of prostaglandins ( inflammatory compounds that trigger breast pain ) .
For severe cases , doctors sometimes prescribe Danazol , a steroid derivative that decreases levels of the reproductive hormones FSH and LH , or tamoxifen , a breast - cancer drug that helps relieve breast pain by blocking estrogen receptors , thus preventing estrogen 's effect on breast tissue .
Health.com : 4 healthy breast tips for every year
Best breast - cancer - screening strategy :
Talk to your doctor .
Discuss having a baseline mammogram between the ages of 35 and 40 , suggests Julia Smith , M.D. , director of the New York University Cancer Institute Breast Cancer Screening and Prevention Program .
You should also get a yearly breast exam from your gynecologist and do monthly breast self - exams .
Although the American Cancer Society issued new guidelines for breast cancer screening in 2003 , making self - exams optional , experts say they 're still a must - do .
" The more you examine your breasts , the more likely you are to differentiate between normal hormone - related bumpiness and a potentially precancerous growth , " Smith says .
A woman who is at higher risk ( that is , one who has a family history with one or more first - degree relatives with breast or ovarian cancer ) should begin having regular annual mammograms at least 10 years earlier than the age at which her relative got her cancer diagnosis .
So , if your mom found out she had cancer at age 45 , you should start having mammograms done at age 35 .
Also , if you have a strong family history of the disease ( two or more first - degree family members like a mother or grandmother ) , ask your doctor about receiving genetic screening to see if you 're a carrier of the BRCA gene and ask about an annual MRI .
Best breast - saving move :
Wear a good exercise bra .
This will help stave off future droopiness , Archer says .
When you run sans bra , your breasts bounce up and down 2.6 inches for every step you take , according to a recent study done at the University of Portsmouth in England .
The reassuring news :
The study also found that wearing a sports bra reduces bounce by 74 percent .
Health.com :
How to buy a more supportive bra
" I recommend women do the bounce test when trying on exercise bras .
If your breasts move when you jump up and down , you 're not getting enough support , " Archer says .
If one sports bra does n't do the job for you , she adds , try wearing two .
Good news !
Your breast - cancer risk is still very low -- only 5 percent of all cases occur in women younger than 40 , according to the ACS .
( Your risk during this decade is about 1 in 233 , according to the National Cancer Institute . )
One way to lower your odds even further : breast - feed .
It protects older moms against the increased risk of breast cancer noted for women who have their first child after age 25 , according to a recent University of Southern California study .
Your breasts in your 40s
In your 30s , your chest is made up mostly of breast tissue .
But as you enter this decade , the percentage of fat in your breasts increases , breast specialist Smedira says .
Fat 's less likely to withstand the effects of gravity , so your breasts will start to droop and sag .
Health.com : Dermatologists ' advice for your decolletage
Your most common concern :
Breast cysts .
As breasts change from their lactational state , fluid can be trapped in the ducts , causing fluid - filled cysts , Smedira explains .
They are harmless ( though sometimes painful ) and can be evaluated by ultrasound and then aspirated if they are large or uncomfortable .
They wo n't increase your future risk of cancer , Smedira says .
Best breast - cancer - screening strategy :
Annual mammograms .
Starting at age 40 , " it 's crucial to get a mammogram every year , especially since the test has only about 80 percent sensitivity in younger , premenopausal women , " Smith stresses .
" This way , if an early stage cancer is missed one year , it most likely will be caught the next . "
It 's also important to do monthly at - home breast checks and see your doctor for yearly breast exams , says Rachel Brem , M.D. , vice chairman of radiology and director of breast imaging at the George Washington University Medical Center in Washington , D.C. A must for premenopausal women :
Find a center that offers digital mammography , which takes an electronic image of your breasts and stores it directly into a computer , Brem says .
A recent National Cancer Institute study found that digital mammography picks up more cases of cancer , but only in women who are premenopausal and / or have dense breasts .
Health.com :
The right mammogram for you
Best breast - saving move :
Stand up straight .
" As a woman gets older , her back muscles weaken , and she tends to slouch , which gives her breasts the appearance of hanging down to her belly button , " Archer says .
" If you strengthen your upper - back and torso muscles , you 'll have a nice open chest and shoulder line , which will help make your breasts look perkier . "
Try the back -- shoulder blade squeeze :
Stand with shoulders relaxed and arms at your sides .
Hold the end of an exercise band in each hand in front of your body .
Exhale as you squeeze shoulder blades together , keeping your shoulders relaxed , torso stable , and wrists flat ; inhale as you return arms to starting position .
Do 8 - - 12 reps , working up to 1 minute .
And increase band resistance as you get stronger .
Good news !
Premenopausal women who get three servings of low - fat dairy every day and pop a calcium supplement with vitamin D daily reduce their risk of breast cancer by about 40 percent , according to a Harvard study .
Your breasts in your 50s :
You may notice some slight shrinkage .
As you get older , hormonal changes cause body fat to accumulate in your lower regions -- fat often decreases in the face or breasts and increases in the butt or thighs , Archer explains .
You 'll also notice more sagging because , as menopause approaches , fat ( which is more gravity - prone ) replaces almost all breast tissue , and skin loses elasticity .
Age also stretches out the Cooper 's ligaments .
These fibrous , semielastic bands of tissue are found in breasts , and " they 're like rubber bands that get stretched over time , " Archer says .
Health.com :
How your age affects your cancer risks
Your most common concern :
Breast cancer .
Your risk of developing the disease is now 1 in 38 , the NCI says .
So in your 50s , it 's more important than ever to get to a healthy weight .
Several major studies have found a link between postmenopausal weight gain ( especially if you tend to gain around the waist ) and breast cancer .
" I recommend that every woman in this age group measure her waist , which should be less than half her height in inches , " Smedira says .
Best breast - cancer - screening strategy :
Annual mammograms .
These are a must , as are physical examinations by your doctor and monthly self - exams .
Best breast - saving move :
Chest exercises .
While nothing will magically save you from sagging , doing chest moves two or three times a week will pump up breasts temporarily ( by increasing blood flow to the area ) and tone underlying muscles .
Here 's a good exercise to try before a big event :
Lie on your back across a bench with your knees bent and your feet on the floor .
With both hands , hold a dumbbell directly over your chest .
Inhale as you lower the weight in an arc past your head , going as far as shoulder flexibility allows .
Pause , then exhale as you lift the weight overhead in an arc until your hands are above your torso .
Start with 8 - - 12 reps ; work up to 1 minute .
Good news !
Since your breasts are fattier now , mammograms can better detect cancer :
The false - negative rate drops from about 25 percent under the age of 50 to about 15 percent , Brem says .
E-mail to a friend
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
Japan has said the hunt would be too small to affect whale numbers
Nobutaka Machimura said the humpback hunt would not go ahead - although the fleet will still hunt about 1,000 other whales in the area .
The BBC's Chris Hogg , in Tokyo , says Japan is now unlikely to chase the humpbacks for at least a year .
The move comes after pressure from the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) .
Japan is regularly condemned for its annual whaling missions .
But this year 's Antarctic expedition was particularly controversial because , in addition to 935 minke whales and 50 fin whales , the fleet intended to kill up to 50 humpbacks .
It was the first time Japan had targeted the humpbacks since a moratorium was introduced in the mid-1960s - when the species had been hunted almost to extinction .
Australia criticism
Japan says whaling is necessary for scientific research , but other countries say the same goals could be achieved using non-lethal techniques .
" Japan has decided not to catch humpback whales for one year or two , " Mr Machimura told reporters .
HAVE YOUR SAY
It 's a cruel inhumane hunt of an extremely vulnerable and innocent creature
Mary Moyna , UK
Send us your comments
He said the decision had been reached after a meeting with the IWC .
Mr Machimura said the IWC had not been " functioning normally " , claiming that the commission had been distorted by ideology .
He said Japan would suspend the humpback whale hunt while the IWC held talks on " normalising " its functions .
Australia had been particularly critical of the humpback hunt , and Foreign Minister Stephen Smith welcomed Japan 's decision .
But he reiterated Canberra 's view that there was no credible reason for Japan to hunt any species of whale , and pledged to keep up diplomatic efforts to prevent further missions .
To : Rochelle Stidham , Publisher , The Stephenville Empire - Tribune .
Sara Vanden Berge , Mangaing Editor
Dear Ms. Stidham and Ms. Vandenberge ,
RE : EMPIRE TRIBUNE WRITER ANGELIA JOINER
I am writing to you with regard to the resignation / firing of Angelia Joiner from the Stephenville Empire - Tribune for her coverage of the UFO sightings at Stephenville .
It appears that Ms Joiner ’s termination stemmed from a request you made to her to cease further coverage of the issue .
This is despite the harassment experienced by one of the witnesses , Ricky Sorrells , and the reversal in the US Air Force ’s public statements concerning fighter jets in the area .
Ms Joiner covered these issues with great integrity in her articles .
Your request to Ms Joiner to cease further writing and investigation was very unreasonable .
After all , this was a story that was gaining international media exposure through major news networks and popular talk shows such as Larry King Live .
In the midst of these dramatic developments , witness intimidation and Air Force reversals , you requested that Ms Joiner simply drop all further investigations and concentrate instead on local news !
The Stephenville Empire - Tribune is a small town paper , yet the international media was drawn to the Stephenville UFO story bringing in international attention , and visitors to investigate the sighting .
Also , sales of the Empire - Tribune increased dramatically as a result of Ms Joiner ’s reporting .
Under normal circumstances , a publisher / editor would be thrilled and encourage employees to continue the good work .
I think you either completely misjudged the gravity of the story that Ms Joiner was covering , or had been pressured by higher authorities to take action to silence Ms Joiner .
I 've been working on the UFO / extraterrestrial issue since 2001 when I was a full time faculty member at American University 's School of International Service , Washington DC .
I have learned how easily the media can be pressured to drop sensitive stories concerning UFOs / extraterrestrial life , and fire employees who continue to pursue them .
All it takes is a phone call from someone with high national security clearances to the head of the media company who relays instructions down the hierarchy .
This is typically done secretly behind the scenes so one is left guessing as to what really happened .
If this happened to the Empire - Tribune , then the public deserves to know the truth .
Ms Joiner has performed an outstanding public service through her dedicated and objective coverage of the Stephenville UFO sighting .
She has helped expose harassment of a key witness and the shifting arguments used by the US Air Force to explain away the sighting .
Her brave and responsible reporting should not lead to the termination of her journalistic career , nor should the Empire - Tribune attempt to evade responsibility .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia ’s Defence Ministry said on Saturday a U.S. plan to shoot down an ailing spy satellite could be used as a cover to test a new space weapon .
The ministry said there was insufficient proof that Washington ’s decision to fire a missile at the disabled satellite was to prevent a potentially deadly leak of toxic gas as it re-entered Earth ’s atmosphere .
“ In our opinion , the decision to destroy the U.S. satellite is not as harmless as it is being presented .
Especially as the United States has been avoiding talks on restricting a space arms race for quite a long time , ” the ministry ’s information department said in a statement .
“ Under cover of discussions about the danger posed by the satellite , preparation is going ahead for tests of an anti-satellite weapon .
Such tests mean in essence the creation of a new strategic weapon . ”
U.S. officials said on Thursday that President George W. Bush had decided to have the Navy shoot the 5,000 - pound ( 2,270 kg ) satellite with a modified tactical missile after security advisers suggested its re-entry could lead to a loss of life .
Some space and security experts have said they did not believe Washington ’s justification for the plans and argued the Pentagon was more likely testing its ability to target other states ’ satellites .
This suggestion is rejected by U.S. officials .
It will be the first time the United States has conducted an anti-satellite operation since the 1980s .
Russia also has not conducted anti-satellite activities in 20 years .
Our service advantage
Dear customers , we would like to start by saying THANK YOU for your purchase of our products , army boots , military clothing , camouflage uniform .
Without your support and care , can not be here at your service .
It is our honor to remember the way we traveled .
these memories are the treasure of our company and source of our mind .
In recent years , our company has been proven as a competent manufacturer and wholesaler that is in the context of military , police , OUTDOOR , STREET - WEAR AND SPORTS WEAR .
It was possible to achieve with our 7 factories and invested 40000sqm distribution center .
And of course , with the growth of the wide range of productOur customers are importers , distributors and retaile ......
The minister of defense caused a media squall after joking about invasions by space aliens and movie monsters .
Responding to a question at a news conference , the minister , Shigeru Ishiba , told reporters that he was studying whether the nation ’s pacifist Constitution would limit a military response to an attack by space aliens .
“ There are no grounds to deny that there are unidentified flying objects and some life forms that control them , ” Mr. Ishiba said , smiling at first , but then delivering a straight - faced explanation .
“ If Godzilla attacked , that would probably be a natural disaster relief operation , ” making military action legally permissible , he said .
The comments came days after Japan ’s chief cabinet secretary , Nobutaka Machimura , who is the government ’s top spokesman , professed belief in U.F.O.’s .
Data on a CD , or any optical media , is stored as a sequence of pits of varying lengths .
To be precise , a 1 is represented by the change from pit to no-pit or the change from no -pit to pit , and a 0 is represented by no change in height ( pit to pit or no - pit to no - pit ) .
The pits and no-pits reflect different amounts of light ; thus it is possible to draw images on CDs by appropriately arranging these 1s and 0s .
How do you arrange the 1s and 0s ?
It helps to know that the data is written along a spiral that starts from the center of the CD and spirals outward in a clockwise direction .
The length of each bit is a fairly precise value ( more on this later ) , and the pitch of the spiral , or the distance between successive spirals , is also a fairly precise value .
Thus , using some math and some guesswork , it is possible to create a mapping from the nth bit in your data to an x ,y coordinate .
Now we really have to look under the hood of CD data storage to figure out how to tell the CD writer to write a 0 or 1 for the nth bit .
Data is organized as a sequence of sectors , each of which is 2352 bytes long .
The data within each sector is organized in a particular way depending on what type of CD your are dealing with ( data , audio , etc . .. ) .
The most " raw " type of organization is known as " mode 2 . "
Mode 2 does away with many of the nice things about CDs like error correction , but it gives us the most control over the bits .
In a mode 2 sector , the first 12 bytes contain " syncing " data and the next 4 contain specific information about the sector .
These bytes cannot be changed at the software level .
( Maybe it is possible to write a driver that could change these ? )
The next 2336 bytes are free to be anything though .
If this were all that happened to the data , our job would be easy .
Unfortunately , there 's a lot more data manipulation before the data actually gets written to the CD .
First , the data in each sector is " scrambled " by which we mean it is run through some math function which is supposed to " whiten " the data ( i.e. keep the average height of the data on the CD half - way between pit and no- pit ) .
Second , the data is sent through a CIRC encoder , which applies some error correction codes .
Finally , the data is sent though an eight - to - fourteen modulator ( EFM ) .
This maps each 8 - bit byte to a 14 - bit sequence .
This is to prevent long sequences of 0's ( no change in height ) which are hard for the CD drive to read .
The point is : drawing pictures on CDs is possible , so it should be done .
For a more complete ( but still at some times cryptic ) explanation of CDs , check out the freely available ECMA - 130 specification .
Every year comedy bigwigs gather in Aspen , Colorado for HBO ’s US Comedy Arts Festival .
Organizers curate a lineup of some of the best comedy in the country and industry types flock to Aspen to see what ’s hot .
This year , I was lucky enough to be invited to attend .
In addition to being a part of a stage show where I presented videos of classic Improv Everywhere missions , I was given the task of causing new scenes on the streets of Aspen during the festival .
Agent Kula was brought along to collaborate , and a few other IE Agents and friends were also in town for the festival and able to aid the cause .
On our first night in town , Agent Kula and I noticed several masses of dirty snow in the downtown area .
It was a pretty disgusting site , and we figured we should do our part to get rid of it .
The next morning we purchased a whiteboard and a large supply of plastic cups .
Within minutes , our “ Free Snowcones ” promotion was underway .
I served as the sole salesperson and barker , announcing , “ Free Snowcones made of 100 % pure Aspen snow !
Tastes just like the mountains ! ”
We had three flavors for sale : Vanilla , Chocolate , and Swirl .
Most folks politely declined our free offer .
Some claimed to be on diets .
Others informed us our product was n’t “ edible ” .
A couple of people wanted to know if we had “ lemon ” flavor to which I responded , “ Sure thing !
Just give me some privacy , and I ’ll have it ready right away . ”
Believe it or not , we actually had a few sales .
A couple of customers even took bites of our snowcones .
The following day we executed mission # 2 .
The US Comedy Arts Festival is presented by HBO , so we decided it was time for Showtime to get in on the action .
Right in front of the HBO Festival headquarters ( The St. Regis Hotel ) , we set up the “ Showtime Humor Festival ” .
Agent King and I purchased two ridiculous “ horse wigs ” and using the hackiest props we could find , hosted the festival as the famous “ Horsey Brothers ” .
We loudly proclaimed , “ There is another festival in town this week !
We may not have an ‘ indoor ’ venue , but we are just as funny as everyone else ! ”
The Horsies ’ routine included a plunger , googley eyes , silly string , a slide whistle , and of course the classic “ snake in a can of peanuts ” gag .
The brothers performed pun-filled crowd work as the HBO festival attendees walked by .
The Horsey Brothers found no shame in literally begging executives for a TV development deal , but they came up empty handed .
Later in the day we were joined by a real HBO camera crew as we set up a red carpet in front of the only fast food establishment in Aspen , McDonald’s .
The festival included a number of real celebrities ( Dave Chapelle , Vince Vaughn , Gary Shandling , Arli$ $ ) so we figured it was time to meet a few .
As local teenagers came in and out of the McDonald ’s door , I flagged them down for an exclusive red carpet interview .
I asked the McDonald ’s customers all of the burning questions the “ live ” audience on HBO was dying to hear : “ Who are you wearing ? ” and “ What are you eating ? ”
Our final mission of the festival took place right at the foot of Aspen Mountain .
Just down the stairs from where the skiers finished their trek , we found an abandoned beverage kiosk .
Agent Dunn set up shop and offered Aspen residents a much - needed service .
Aspen is 0.44 % Black , so we figured we ’d give everyone a chance to meet and greet with a real live black person .
As skiers exited the mountain , Agent Dunn shouted , “ What ’s up everyone , I ’m a black person . ”
Many folks just laughed and kept walking , but others wanted to take photos of this rare opportunity .
Many Aspen residents found time to shake hands and greet their new black friend .
The woman photographed below felt a special kindred spirit with Agent Dunn .
She told him , “ From a Norwegian to a Black , I ’ll tell you , we ’re about as ostracized as any two groups can be . ”
I ’m not too familiar with plight of the Norwegian Americans , but I can imagine it ’s pretty rough .
The man in the photo below had some kind words as well , “ Congratulations for coming here and breaking the color barrier . ”
Some other memorable quotes :
** “ You ’re not faking it ? ”
** “ We ’re from Atlanta .
We ’re very familiar [ with black people . ] ”
** “ I ’m from Dallas , TX and I love you all . ”
** “ You ’re the first one I ’ve seen today . ”
** Man : “ I ’ve met one before . ” Agent Dunn : “ Keep up the good work ! ”
** Woman : “ Why do n’t you ski ? ” Agent Dunn : “ When they start playing music up on the mountain , I ’ll start skiing .
Missions Accomplished .
The Double - slit experiment “ consists of letting light diffract through two slits , which produces fringes or wave - like interference patterns on a screen — interference patterns will result in projected light and dark regions that correspond to where the light waves have constructively ( added ) and destructively ( subtracted ) interfered . ”
Continue reading for the video .
( Thanks , David P )
The Double - slit experiment “ consists of letting light diffract through two slits , which produces fringes or wave - like interference patterns on a screen — interference patterns will result in projected light and dark regions that correspond to where the light waves have constructively ( added ) and destructively ( subtracted ) interfered . ”
Continue reading for the video .
( Thanks , David P )
Here in Oregon , the consequences of our actions are burning all around us .
A POINT OF VIEW
By David Cannadine
Do good walls make good neighbours ?
The Victorians thought so , but those on either side of barriers between Gaza and Israel , and the US and Mexico , may differ .
The breaching of the wall that separates Gaza from Egypt set me brooding on the subject of barriers and borders .
I think it was Oscar Wilde who once observed that he could n't see why people put railings around cemeteries , because those who were buried inside could n't get out , and those who were alive outside had no wish to get in .
It 's a typical Wilde one - liner , but like many of his more memorable sayings , it does n't survive closer scrutiny .
For tending the graves of deceased relatives has been regarded as a major family obligation in many cultures , and visiting cemeteries and worshiping ancestors have been commonplace human activities throughout history .
For the Victorians , railings not only regulated access , but symbolised a safe , ordered society
Hear Radio 4's A Point of View But Wilde was making one good point , namely that railings , fences and walls can serve two very different purposes : they can prevent people escaping by keeping them in , or they can prevent people gaining entry by keeping them out .
The Victorian society in which Wilde lived was preoccupied by the need to do both of these things , and Wilde learned about this the hard way , when he was found guilty of committing acts of gross indecency , and sent to prison for two years in May 1895 .
He was initially locked up in Pentonville , then transferred to Wandsworth , and finally sent to Reading , where he served most of his sentence .
But Wilde loathed the loss of his freedom , and this sense of confinement pervades one of his last works , The Ballad of Reading Gaol .
Keyholders only
The Victorians were equally concerned to keep people out , putting railings round their city parks , and around the gardens in the middle of their city squares : in the one case to ensure that access to their parks was regulated to particular times of day , and thus to particular sorts of people ; and in the other to preserve the exclusive rights of the rich residents to get into the gardens in the middle of their squares of which they alone possessed the key .
Out or in ?
As the Victorians understood it , railings not only regulated access , but they also symbolised the safe , settled , ordered society they liked to think they belonged to , where everyone knew their place , both socially and geographically .
And so the destruction of iron fences , by unruly crowds determined to assert their right of access to exclusive spaces , became one of the great fears of the respectable classes in 19th Century Britain .
These anxieties were far from being groundless , especially in the case of London 's Hyde Park .
In 1866 , the Reform League staged a protest in support of giving the vote to all men , but it gradually degenerated into a riot , and the railings which should have kept them out of the park were torn down by the mob , who then caused further mayhem by trampling on the flower beds .
For some of Queen Victoria 's more nervous subjects , such transgressions portended the collapse of the established order .
But 19th Century society survived , and so did the railings ; although in many cases they did so only until the early months of World War II .
When Churchill became prime minister , he installed Lord Beaverbrook as minister of aircraft production , and Beaverbrook was responsible for providing the raw materials with which the Spitfires and the Hurricanes were built .
One way he did so was to requisition the iron fences surrounding many of the cemeteries , parks and squares in Britain 's towns and cities .
Northern Ireland 's peace walls have been copied in Iraq Indeed , when I first visited London during the late 1950s , one of my most vivid memories was of the metal stumps which were all that was left after the railings had been sawn off by Beaverbrook 's minions ; and in some of our parks , it 's only recently that they 've been restored , with the support of the Heritage Lottery Fund .
In the aftermath of WWII , the Soviet authorities were determined to prevent the peoples of Eastern Europe whom they had recently suborned from escaping to the freer and better life that existed in the West .
In the speech he delivered at Fulton , Missouri in March 1946 , Churchill described this barrier to freedom as an " iron curtain " which had descended across the continent , from Stettin in the Baltic to Trieste in the Adriatic .
He was n't the first person to coin this phrase , but he made it internationally famous ; and for the next 40 years , the borders between the nations of the Warsaw Pact , and those that had joined Nato , were disfigured by barbed wire , surveillance towers and machine gun emplacements , as a sort of grotesque parody of 19th Century barriers .
Wall tumbling down
The most notorious expression of this iron curtain would eventually become the Berlin Wall , which was put up by the Communists in August 1961 .
It was constructed of concrete , it was 12 feet tall , it included electrified fences and guard posts , and it was more than 100 miles long .
Mr Reagan at the Berlin Wall
It surrounded what was then called West Berlin , an isolated enclave in Communist - controlled East Germany ; and its purpose was not to stop the inhabitants of West Berlin from heading east , since scarcely any of them wanted to do that , but to stem the much greater tide of those in the east who wanted to get to the west .
As such , the Berlin Wall stood as a stark symbol of the Cold War confrontation between the United States and the Soviet Union , and it was in West Berlin , just 20 years ago , that Ronald Reagan made one of the most famous speeches of his presidency .
" Mr Gorbachev , " he thundered during the course of it , " tear down this wall . "
Reagan 's speech was not only well - delivered , it was also well - timed , since the 40 - year Communist hegemony was approaching its end .
Just over a year later , in November 1989 , the East German government issued a decree that the wall should be opened , so that the long - suffering citizens of East Berlin could now travel to the west , and this meant that families that had been separated for decades were now reunited .
Soon after , Communism collapsed in Eastern Europe , and the Soviet Union fell apart , and by the end of 1990 , the Berlin Wall had indeed been torn down .
For some years thereafter , it was quite the fashion for Americans to buy small pieces of the wall , and display them in their homes , like latter - day religious relics , and as symbols of their nation 's triumph in the Cold War , and of its successful commitment to supporting freedom .
One rule for some
In the post - Communist , globalised world we now inhabit , the free movement of ideas , of money and of materials is widely taken for granted and generally thought to be a good thing .
But globalisation also implies the free movement of people , from one country to another , or from one continent to another , in search of work and a better life : a freedom of movement which the collapse of the iron curtain , and the demolition of the Berlin Wall , seemed to portend .
Not Gaza but California
Yet it has n't worked out quite like that in practice .
The migration of people from the former Communist nations of Europe to France , Germany , Spain and Britain has become a highly - charged political issue in all of those countries ; and the same is true in the US , where there are alleged to be more than 12 million illegal immigrants .
Should they be assimilated , and be allowed to become citizens , or should they be sent packing back to Mexico , where so many of them have come from ?
There 's no simple or easy answer to these questions , as is clear from the varied positions that are being adopted by the candidates in the presidential primaries .
But meanwhile , and in an ever more desperate effort to keep Hispanic workers from entering the country illegally , barriers have been put up along large parts of the 2,000 - mile US - Mexican border , in California , in Arizona and in Texas .
In October 2006 , George Bush signed a bill authorising the construction of an additional 700 - mile fence .
It has n't been built yet , but there are several towns , including San Diego in California , Nogales in Arizona and El Paso in Texas , that are divided by the barriers that are already there , in a manner eerily reminiscent of East and West Berlin at the height of the Cold War .
It 's a strange contradiction that President Regan advocated the demolition of a wall in one part of the world , whereas President Bush is in favour of putting up a wall in another part .
The freedom of people to live and work where they want may be appealing in far - off Europe , but it 's clearly a less enticing prospect to many Americans when they 're confronted by its consequences much nearer to home .
And it's the Republicans , so strongly committed to the unfettered working of an enterprise economy , who are most ardently in favour of such a construction , which will restrict the free flow of labour .
" Good fences , " Robert Frost once observed , " make good neighbours . "
But that 's not always true .
I wonder how long it will be before a president of Mexico visits El Paso , and thunders at his opposite number in the White House , " tear down this wall ! "
Here is a selection of your comments .
We have walls around our houses to divide our land from anothers , for security and privacy .
It seems to work well it pretty much the same principal for neighbouring countries who may have require such measures .
We have a responsibilty to protect our own interests as do they .
andy corsham , London
Don't forget the so - called " Peace Wall " in Belfast , if you search Google images for this it 's quite an eye - opener .
Why is it still there one wonders and how hypocritical for us to tell others to tear theirs down !
Dennis Levene , Manchester
How about the wall between Israel and the west bank palestinians ?
We were told that would never work .
But the number of Israeli civillians killed by the palestinians was SIX last year .
Before the wall , there were individual bombings which killed twenty or more at a time and bombings were weekly .
Likewise the walls in Baghdad , seperating combative communities .
Again we were told it would never work , but here we are with inter-ethnic killings down to a small fraction of what they were .
Who says walls never work ?
John , England
As normal with the US double standards and they wonder why Muslims pick on them .
Jexif Lerkov , United Kingdom
Can anybody confirm or positively refute the stories that the gathering of railings ( and other domestic metal items - pots , pans etc ) was no more than propoganda and that everything collected was dumped into the sea off the south coast ?
Alan Dedden , Verwood , Dorset , UK
This analysis misses one very obvious point - that there 's a world of difference between walls designed , like the Berlin Wall , to keep people in , and those intended , like the US - Mexico fence ( or , supposedly , UK immigration controls ) , to keep unwelcome visitors out .
Does Mr Cannadine have walls and fences around his own home , I wonder ?
charles hutchinson , London , UK I have always found the popular acceptance of boarder controls and populist clamour for their tightening strange .
Despite the very short period of history for which even inconsistent enforcement of immigration policy has been possible , there is a popular perception that this is an obvious right of governments - and that it is desirable that they do so .
Given the pathetic lack of buy - in to our society by swathes of Britain 's indigenous population , and the quality of international communications we now enjoy , it constantly surprises me that such store is placed in lines on maps by our leaders .
Workforce mobility is the key corollary to the free movement of money , perhaps some day the benefits we have had as a nation from the latter , will convince us of the worth of the former .
Call me cynical , but it wo n't happen whilst politics is still hostage to the small minded nibyists of Middle England .
Alister , Oxford , UK Denis Cassidy states in his book " The Way Things Were " ( p109 ) that railings removed during WW2 were never in fact used , as David Cannadine implies , as scrap iron for the war effort .
Cassidy refers to this as " one of the worst cases of bureaucratically inspired vandalism .... arising from crass and unco-ordinated central planning " .
Can anyone confirm this ?
John North , Newcastle upon Tyne Look down on Earth from orbit , there are no boundaries , no lines or walls to divide us - borders are artificial markers of greed , attempting to control and confine , to restrict .
What good is there in that ??
Megan , Cheshire UK
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
AMERICA'S 2008 recession , if it happens , will not catch anyone by surprise .
Peddling gloom is the new parlour game on Wall Street and beyond .
According to recent opinion polls , almost six out of ten Americans believe the country is already in a recession .
On the campaign trail , Hillary Clinton claims the economy is “ slipping ” towards one .
Wall Street seers , perhaps stung by criticism that they missed the onset of previous downturns , are piling in too .
Although most forecasters still expect a formal recession will be avoided ( typically putting the odds at around 40 % ) , not everyone agrees .
Morgan Stanley expects a mild recession in the first half of 2008 .
On January 7th Merrill Lynch became the first big bank to declare recession a “ present - day reality ” .
Two days later the economists at Goldman Sachs agreed that “ recession has now arrived , or will very shortly . ”
These assessments were driven largely by the dismal December jobs figures released on January 4th .
America 's jobless rate is now 0.6 percentage points above the cyclical trough reached in March 2007 .
At no point in the past 60 years , the Merrill economists point out , has the unemployment rate risen by more than half a percentage point from its trough without the economy slipping into recession .
The Economist 's informal R - word index is also sounding alarms .
Our gauge counts how many stories in the Washington Post and the New York Times use the word “ recession ” in a quarter .
This simple formula pinpointed the start of recession in 1981 and 1990 and 2001 .
In the past few years the R - word index has been extremely low .
It began to rise in the second half of 2007 and , measured at a quarterly rate , has soared in early 2008 ( see chart ) .
Although the number of stories is still lower than before previous recessions , the recent jump — if sustained for a quarter — is similar to that which preceded the 2001 downturn .
Other , more formal recession indicators are flashing , if not yet red .
One of the most reliable gauges is the weekly leading index from the Economic Cycle Research Institute ( ECRI ) .
This index correctly forecast the past two recessions and is now showing its weakest performance since the 2001 recession .
But ECRI is not quite ready to predict recession yet .
According to Lakshman Achuthan , its managing director , exports and prompt policy stimulus could still avert a formal downturn .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Monday December 10 2007
The comment piece below responded in part to an earlier article by Jeanette Winterson :
In defence of homeopathy , and referred to her view that there is a role for homeopathy in the treatment of HIV in Africa .
Jeanette Winterson has asked us to make clear , in case there is any doubt , that she does not believe that homeopathy can replace anti-retroviral drugs ( ARVs ) and she does not support homeopaths who make claims that may deter those with HIV from taking ARVs .
There are some aspects of quackery that are harmless - childish even - and there are some that are very serious indeed .
On Tuesday , to my great delight , the author Jeanette Winterson launched a scientific defence of homeopathy in these pages .
She used words such as " nano " meaninglessly , she suggested that there is a role for homeopathy in the treatment of HIV in Africa , and she said that an article in the Lancet today will call on doctors to tell their patients that homeopathic " medicines " offer no benefit .
The article does not say that , and I should know , because I wrote it .
It is not an act of fusty authority , and I claim none : I look about 12 , and I 'm only a few years out of medical school .
This is all good fun , but my adamant stance , that I absolutely lack any authority , is key : because this is not about one man 's opinion , and there is nothing even slightly technical or complicated about the evidence on homeopathy , or indeed anything , when it is clearly explained .
And there is the rub .
Because Winterson tries to tell us - like every other homeopathy fan - that for some mystical reason , which is never made entirely clear , the healing powers of homeopathic pills are special , and so their benefits cannot be tested like every other pill .
This has become so deeply embedded in our culture , by an industry eager to obscure our very understanding of evidence , that even some doctors now believe it .
Enough is enough .
Evidence - based medicine is beautiful , elegant , clever and , most of all , important .
It is how we know what will kill or cure you .
These are biblical themes , and it is ridiculous that what I am going to explain to you now is not taught in schools .
So let 's imagine that we are talking to a fan of homeopathy , one who is both intelligent and reflective .
" Look , " they begin , " all I know is that I feel better when I take a homeopathic pill . "
OK , you reply .
We absolutely accept that .
Nobody can take that away from the homeopathy fan .
But perhaps it 's the placebo effect ?
You both think you know about the placebo effect already , but you are both wrong .
The mysteries of the interaction between body and mind are far more complex than can ever be permitted in the crude , mechanistic and reductionist world of the alternative therapist , where pills do all the work .
The placebo response is about far more than the pills - it is about the cultural meaning of a treatment , our expectation , and more .
So we know that four sugar pills a day will clear up ulcers quicker than two sugar pills , we know that a saltwater injection is a more effective treatment for pain than a sugar pill , we know that green sugar pills are more effective for anxiety than red , and we know that brand packaging on painkillers increases pain relief .
A baby will respond to its parents ' expectations and behaviour , and the placebo effect is still perfectly valid for children and pets .
Placebo pills with no active ingredient can even elicit measurable biochemical responses in humans , and in animals ( when they have come to associate the pill with an active ingredient ) .
This is undoubtedly one of the most interesting areas of medical science ever .
" Well , it could be that , " says your honest , reflective homeopathy fan .
" I have no way of being certain .
But I just do n't think that 's it .
All I know is , I get better with homeopathy . "
Ah , now , but could that be because of " regression to the mean " ?
This is an even more fascinating phenomenon : all things , as the new - agers like to say , have a natural cycle .
Your back pain goes up and down over a week , or a month , or a year .
Your mood rises and falls .
That weird lump in your wrist comes and goes .
You get a cold ; it gets better .
If you take an ineffective sugar pill , at your sickest , it 's odds on you 're going to get better , in exactly the same way that if you sacrifice a goat , after rolling a double six , your next roll is likely to be lower .
That is regression to the mean .
" Well , it could be that , " says the homeopathy fan .
" But I just do n't think so .
All I know is , I get better with homeopathy . "
How can you both exclude these explanations - since you both need to - and move on from this impasse ?
Luckily homeopaths have made a very simple , clear claim : they say that the pill they prescribe will make you get better .
You could do a randomised , controlled trial on almost any intervention you wanted to assess : comparing two teaching methods , or two forms of psychotherapy , or two plant - growth boosters - literally anything .
The first trial was in the Bible ( Daniel 1 : 1 - 16 , since you asked ) and compared the effect of two different diets on soldiers ' vigour .
Doing a trial is not a new or complicated idea , and a pill is the easiest thing to test of all .
Here is a model trial for homeopathy .
You take , say , 200 people , and divide them at random into two groups of 100 .
All of the patients visit their homeopath , they all get a homeopathic prescription at the end ( because homeopaths love to prescribe pills even more than doctors ) for whatever it is that the homeopath wants to prescribe , and all the patients take their prescription to the homeopathic pharmacy .
Every patient can be prescribed something completely different , an " individualised " prescription - it does n't matter .
Now here is the twist : one group gets the real homeopathy pills they were prescribed ( whatever they were ) , and the patients in the other group are given fake sugar pills .
Crucially , neither the patients , nor the people who meet them in the trial , know who is getting which treatment .
This trial has been done , time and time again , with homeopathy , and when you do a trial like this , you find , overall , that the people getting the placebo sugar pills do just as well as those getting the real , posh , expensive , technical , magical homeopathy pills .
So how come you keep hearing homeopaths saying that there are trials where homeopathy does do better than placebo ?
This is where it gets properly interesting .
This is where we start to see homeopaths , and indeed all alternative therapists more than ever , playing the same sophisticated tricks that big pharma still sometimes uses to pull the wool over the eyes of doctors .
Yes , there are some individual trials where homeopathy does better , first because there are a lot of trials that are simply not " fair tests " .
For example - and I 'm giving you the most basic examples here - there are many trials in alternative therapy journals where the patients were not " blinded " : that is , the patients knew whether they were getting the real treatment or the placebo .
These are much more likely to be positive in favour of your therapy , for obvious reasons .
There is no point in doing a trial if it is not a fair test : it ceases to be a trial , and simply becomes a marketing ritual .
There are also trials where it seems patients were not randomly allocated to the " homeopathy " or " sugar pill " groups : these are even sneakier .
You should randomise patients by sealed envelopes with random numbers in them , opened only after the patient is fully registered into the trial .
Let 's say that you are " randomly allocating " patients by , um , well , the first patient gets homeopathy , then the next patient gets the sugar pills , and so on .
If you do that , then you already know , as the person seeing the patient , which treatment they are going to get , before you decide whether or not they are suitable to be recruited into your trial .
So a homeopath sitting in a clinic would be able - let 's say unconsciously - to put more sick patients into the sugar pill group , and healthier patients into the homeopathy group , thus massaging the results .
This , again , is not a fair test .
Congratulations .
You now understand evidence - based medicine to degree level .
So when doctors say that a trial is weak , and poor quality , it 's not because they want to maintain the hegemony , or because they work for " the man " : it 's because a poor trial is simply not a fair test of a treatment .
And it 's not cheaper to do a trial badly , it 's just stupid , or , of course , conniving , since unfair tests will give false positives in favour of homeopathy .
Now there are bad trials in medicine , of course , but here 's the difference : in medicine there is a strong culture of critical self - appraisal .
Doctors are taught to spot bad research ( as I am teaching you now ) and bad drugs .
The British Medical Journal recently published a list of the top three most highly accessed and referenced studies from the past year , and they were on , in order : the dangers of the anti-inflammatory Vioxx ; the problems with the antidepressant paroxetine ; and the dangers of SSRI antidepressants in general .
This is as it should be .
With alternative therapists , when you point out a problem with the evidence , people do n't engage with you about it , or read and reference your work .
They get into a huff .
They refuse to answer calls or email queries .
They wave their hands and mutter sciencey words such as " quantum " and " nano " .
They accuse you of being a paid plant from some big pharma conspiracy .
They threaten to sue you .
They shout , " What about thalidomide , science boy ? " , they cry , they call you names , they hold lectures at their trade fairs about how you are a dangerous doctor , they contact and harass your employer , they try to dig up dirt from your personal life , or they actually threaten you with violence ( this has all happened to me , and I 'm compiling a great collection of stories for a nice documentary , so do keep it coming ) .
But back to the important stuff .
Why else might there be plenty of positive trials around , spuriously ?
Because of something called " publication bias " .
In all fields of science , positive results are more likely to get published , because they are more newsworthy , there 's more mileage in publishing them for your career , and they 're more fun to write up .
This is a problem for all of science .
Medicine has addressed this problem , making people register their trial before they start , on a " clinical trials database " , so that you cannot hide disappointing data and pretend it never happened .
How big is the problem of publication bias in alternative medicine ?
Well now , in 1995 , only 1 % of all articles published in alternative medicine journals gave a negative result .
The most recent figure is 5 % negative .
This is very , very low .
There is only one conclusion you can draw from this observation .
Essentially , when a trial gives a negative result , alternative therapists , homeopaths or the homeopathic companies simply do not publish it .
There will be desk drawers , box files , computer folders , garages , and back offices filled with untouched paperwork on homeopathy trials that did not give the result the homeopaths wanted .
At least one homeopath reading this piece will have a folder just like that , containing disappointing , unpublished data that they are keeping jolly quiet about .
Hello there !
Now , you could just pick out the positive trials , as homeopaths do , and quote only those .
This is called " cherry picking " the literature - it is not a new trick , and it is dishonest , because it misrepresents the totality of the literature .
There is a special mathematical tool called a " meta- analysis " , where you take all the results from all the studies on one subject , and put the figures into one giant spreadsheet , to get the most representative overall answer .
When you do this , time and time again , and you exclude the unfair tests , and you account for publication bias , you find , in all homeopathy trials overall , that homeopathy does no better than placebos .
The preceding paragraphs took only three sentences in my brief Lancet piece , although only because that readership did n't need to be told what a meta - analysis is .
Now , here is the meat .
Should we even care , I asked , if homeopathy is no better than placebo ?
Because the strange answer is , maybe not .
Let me tell you about a genuine medical conspiracy to suppress alternative therapies .
During the 19th - century cholera epidemic , death rates at the London Homeopathic Hospital were three times lower than at the Middlesex Hospital .
Homeopathic sugar pills wo n't do anything against cholera , of course , but the reason for homeopathy 's success in this epidemic is even more interesting than the placebo effect : at the time , nobody could treat cholera .
So , while hideous medical treatments such as blood - letting were actively harmful , the homeopaths ' treatments at least did nothing either way .
Today , similarly , there are often situations where people want treatment , but where medicine has little to offer - lots of back pain , stress at work , medically unexplained fatigue , and most common colds , to give just a few examples .
Going through a theatre of medical treatment , and trying every medication in the book , will give you only side - effects .
A sugar pill in these circumstances seems a very sensible option .
But just as homeopathy has unexpected benefits , so it can have unexpected side - effects .
Prescribing a pill carries its own risks : it medicalises problems , it can reinforce destructive beliefs about illness , and it can promote the idea that a pill is an appropriate response to a social problem , or a modest viral illness .
But there are also ethical problems .
In the old days , just 50 years ago , " communication skills " at medical school consisted of how not to tell your patient they had terminal cancer .
Now doctors are very open and honest with their patients .
When a healthcare practitioner of any description prescribes a pill that they know full well is no more effective than a placebo - without disclosing that fact to their patient - then they trample all over some very important modern ideas , such as getting informed consent from your patient , and respecting their autonomy .
Sure , you could argue that it might be in a patient 's interest to lie to them , and I think there is an interesting discussion to be had here , but at least be aware that this is the worst kind of old - fashioned , Victorian doctor paternalism : and ultimately , when you get into the habit of misleading people , that undermines the relationship between all doctors and patients , which is built on trust , and ultimately honesty .
If , on the other hand , you prescribe homeopathy pills , but you do n't know that they perform any better than placebo in trials , then you are not familiar with the trial literature , and you are therefore incompetent to prescribe them .
These are fascinating ethical problems , and yet I have never once found a single homeopath discussing them .
There are also more concrete harms .
It 's routine marketing practice for homeopaths to denigrate mainstream medicine .
There 's a simple commercial reason for this : survey data show that a disappointing experience with mainstream medicine is almost the only factor that regularly correlates with choosing alternative therapies .
That 's an explanation , but not an excuse .
And this is not just talking medicine down .
One study found that more than half of all the homeopaths approached advised patients against the MMR vaccine for their children , acting irresponsibly on what will quite probably come to be known as the media 's MMR hoax .
How did the alternative therapy world deal with this concerning finding , that so many among them were quietly undermining the vaccination schedule ?
Prince Charles 's office tried to have the lead researcher sacked .
A BBC Newsnight investigation found that almost all the homeopaths approached recommended ineffective homeopathic pills to protect against malaria , and advised against medical malaria prophylactics , while not even giving basic advice on bite prevention .
Very holistic .
Very " complementary " .
Any action against the homeopaths concerned ?
None .
And in the extreme , when they 're not undermining public - health campaigns and leaving their patients exposed to fatal diseases , homeopaths who are not medically qualified can miss fatal diagnoses , or actively disregard them , telling their patients grandly to stop their inhalers , and throw away their heart pills .
The Society of Homeopaths is holding a symposium on the treatment of Aids , featuring the work of Peter Chappell , a man who claims to have found a homeopathic solution to the epidemic .
We reinforce all of this by collectively humouring homeopaths ' healer fantasies , and by allowing them to tell porkies about evidence .
And what porkies .
Somehow , inexplicably , a customer satisfaction survey from a homeopathy clinic is promoted in the media as if it trumps a string of randomised trials .
No wonder the public find it hard to understand medical research .
Almost every time you read about a " trial " in the media , it is some bogus fish oil " trial " that is n't really a " trial " , or a homeopath waving their hands about , because the media finds a colourful quack claim more interesting than genuine , cautious , bland , plodding medical research .
By pushing their product relentlessly with this scientific flim - flam , homeopaths undermine the public understanding of what it means to have an evidence base for a treatment .
Worst of all , they do this at the very time when academics are working harder than ever to engage the public in a genuine collective ownership and understanding of clinical research , and when most good doctors are trying to educate and involve their patients in the selection of difficult treatment options .
This is not a nerdy point .
This is vital .
Here is the strangest thing .
Every single criticism I have made could easily be managed with clear and open discussion of the problems .
But homoeopaths have walled themselves off from the routine cut - and - thrust of academic medicine , and reasoned critique is all too often met with anger , shrieks of persecution and avoidance rather than argument .
The Society of Homeopaths ( the largest professional body in Europe , the ones running that frightening conference on HIV ) have even threatened to sue bloggers who criticise them .
The university courses on homeopathy that I and others have approached have flatly refused to provide basic information , such as what they teach and how .
It 's honestly hard to think of anything more unhealthy in an academic setting .
This is exactly what I said , albeit in nerdier academic language , in today 's edition of the Lancet , Britain 's biggest medical journal .
These views are what homeopaths are describing as an " attack " .
But I am very clear .
There is no single right way to package up all of this undeniable and true information into a " view " on homeopathy .
When I 'm feeling generous , I think : homeopathy could have value as placebo , on the NHS even , although there are ethical considerations , and these serious cultural side - effects to be addressed .
But when they 're suing people instead of arguing with them , telling people not to take their medical treatments , killing patients , running conferences on HIV fantasies , undermining the public 's understanding of evidence and , crucially , showing absolutely no sign of ever being able to engage in a sensible conversation about the perfectly simple ethical and cultural problems that their practice faces , I think : these people are just morons .
I can't help that : I 'm human .
The facts are sacred , but my view on them changes from day to day .
And the only people who could fix me in one camp or the other , now , are the homeopaths themselves .
It does n't all add up ...
The ' science ' behind homeopathy
Homeopathic remedies are made by taking an ingredient , such as arsenic , and diluting it down so far that there is not a single molecule left in the dose that you get .
The ingredients are selected on the basis of like cures like , so that a substance that causes sweating at normal doses , for example , would be used to treat sweating .
Many people confuse homeopathy with herbalism and do not realise just how far homeopathic remedies are diluted .
The typical dilution is called " 30 C " : this means that the original substance has been diluted by 1 drop in 100 , 30 times .
On the Society of Homeopaths site , in their " What is homeopathy ? " section , they say that " 30C contains less than 1 part per million of the original substance . "
This is an understatement : a 30 C homeopathic preparation is a dilution of 1 in 10030 , or rather 1 in 1060 , which means a 1 followed by 60 zeroes , or - let 's be absolutely clear - a dilution of 1 in 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 , 000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 , 000,000,000,000,000 .
To phrase that in the Society of Homeopaths ' terms , we should say : " 30 C contains less than one part per million million million million million million million million million million of the original substance . "
At a homeopathic dilution of 100C , which they sell routinely , and which homeopaths claim is even more powerful than 30C , the treating substance is diluted by more than the total number of atoms in the universe .
Homeopathy was invented before we knew what atoms were , or how many there are , or how big they are .
It has not changed its belief system in light of this information .
How can an almost infinitely dilute solution cure anything ?
Most homeopaths claim that water has " a memory " .
They are unclear what this would look like , and homeopaths ' experiments claiming to demonstrate it are frequently bizarre .
As a brief illustration , American magician and debunker James Randi has for many years had a $ 1 m prize on offer for anyone who can demonstrate paranormal abilities .
He has made it clear that this cheque would go to someone who can reliably distinguish a homeopathic dilution from water .
His money remains unclaimed .
Many homeopaths also claim they can transmit homeopathic remedies over the internet , in CDs , down the telephone , through a computer , or in a piece of music .
Peter Chappell , whose work will feature at a conference organised by the Society of Homeopaths next month , makes dramatic claims about his ability to solve the Aids epidemic using his own homeopathic pills called " PC Aids " , and his specially encoded music .
" Right now , " he says , " Aids in Africa could be significantly ameliorated by a simple tune played on the radio . "
· Ben Goldacre is a doctor and writes the Bad Science column in the Guardian .
His book Bad Science will be published by 4th Estate in 2008 .
Full references for all the research described in this article , and the text of the Lancet article , can be found at badscience .
net .
By Ross Tuttle , The Nation
Secret evidence .
Denial of habeas corpus .
Evidence obtained by waterboarding .
Indefinite detention .
The litany of complaints about the legal treatment of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay is long , disturbing and by now familiar .
Nonetheless , a new wave of shock and criticism greeted the Pentagon ’s announcement on February 11 that it was charging six Guantanamo detainees , including alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , with war crimes – and seeking the death penalty for all of them .
Now , as the murky , quasi-legal staging of the Bush Administration ’s military commissions unfolds , a key official has told The Nation that the trials are rigged from the start .
According to Col. Morris Davis , former chief prosecutor for Guantanamo ’s military commissions , the process has been manipulated by Administration appointees in an attempt to foreclose the possibility of acquittal .
Colonel Davis ’s criticism of the commissions has been escalating since he resigned this past October , telling the Washington Post that he had been pressured by politically appointed senior defense officials to pursue cases deemed “ sexy ” and of “ high - interest ” ( such as the 9/11 cases now being pursued ) in the run-up to the 2008 elections .
Davis , once a staunch defender of the commissions process , elaborated on his reasons in a December 10 , 2007 , Los Angeles Times op - ed .
“ I concluded that full , fair and open trials were not possible under the current system , ” he wrote .
“ I felt that the system had become deeply politicized and that I could no longer do my job effectively . ”
Then , in an interview with The Nation in February after the six GuantÃ¡namo detainees were charged , Davis offered the most damning evidence of the military commissions ’ bias – a revelation that speaks to fundamental flaws in the Bush Administration ’s conduct of statecraft : its contempt for the rule of law and its pursuit of political objectives above all else .
When asked if he thought the men at GuantÃ¡namo could receive a fair trial , Davis provided the following account of an August 2005 meeting he had with Pentagon general counsel William Haynes – the man who now oversees the tribunal process for the Defense Department .
“ [ Haynes ] said these trials will be the Nuremberg of our time , ” recalled Davis , referring to the Nazi tribunals in 1945 , considered the model of procedural rights in the prosecution of war crimes .
In response , Davis said he noted that at Nuremberg there had been some acquittals , something that had lent great credibility to the proceedings .
“ I said to him that if we come up short and there are some acquittals in our cases , it will at least validate the process , ” Davis continued .
“ At which point , [ Haynes ’s ] eyes got wide and he said , ‘ Wait a minute , we ca n’t have acquittals .
If we ’ve been holding these guys for so long , how can we explain letting them get off ?
We ca n’t have acquittals , we ’ve got to have convictions . ' ”
( Original Article )
Â
ED #75 : Limited Release Of NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GS ?
GeForce
8800 GS
768MB GeForce
8800 GS
384MB Stream Processors 96 96 Core Speed 650 MHz 575 MHz Shader Speed 1625 MHz 1438 MHz Fill Rate 31200 MT/s 27600 MT/s Memory Bus Width 192 - bits 192- bits Memory Speed 950 MHz 850 MHz Memory Bandwidth 45.6 GB /s 40.8 GB /s
For more specifications , click here .
Recently , NVIDIA quietly released two graphics card - the GeForce 8800 GS 768MB and the GeForce 8800 GS 384MB .
Both cards are based on the NVIDIA G92 GPU .
However , the GeForce 8800 GS 768MB will not only have more graphics memory , but also higher core and memory clock speeds than the 384MB model .
The two cards are positioned between the GeForce 8600 GTS and the GeForce 8800 GT , which puts them in the right place to put a stop to the ATI Radeon HD 3870/3850 graphics cards .
The Radeon HD 3850 card , particularly , has been having a riot of a time , killing NVIDIA 's mid-range GeForce 8600 GTS / GT cards left and right .
It has taken NVIDIA long enough but now they finally have the cards to fill the performance gap .
By our reckoning , the GeForce 8800 GS 768MB would be targeted at the Radeon HD 3870 with the GeForce 8800 GS 384MB targeted at the Radeon HD 3850 .
However , before you go rushing out to the stores , it appears that NVIDIA never intended the GeForce 8800 GS to be sold worldwide .
We were recently told that NVIDIA only intends for the GeForce 8800 GS to be sold in China and Europe , possibly because these are the markets where ATI has been making the greatest inroads with their Radeon HD 3870 /3850 .
NVIDIA probably does n't want the GeForce 8800 GS to eat into sales of the GeForce 8800 GT and the GeForce 8800 GTS 512MB in the other countries .
With that said , the vendors probably make the final decision on where they would sell their GeForce 8800 GS cards .
ASUS , for one , is already selling the GeForce 8800 GS 384MB in Singapore and Malaysia .
Questions & Comments
If you have a question or comment on this editorial , please feel free to post them here !
Exorcism making comeback in Europe
As more people are plagued by evil , priests say , the need grows to battle demons
This wind - swept village is bracing for an invasion of demons , thanks to a priest who believes he can defeat Satan .
The Rev. Andrzej Trojanowski , a soft - spoken Pole , plans to build a " spiritual oasis " that will serve as Europe 's only center dedicated to performing exorcisms .
With the blessing of the local Catholic archbishop and theological support from the Vatican , the center will aid a growing number of Poles possessed by evil forces or the devil himself , he said .
" This is my task , this is my purpose - I want to help these people , " said Trojanowski , who has worked as an exorcist for four years .
" There is a group of people who can not get relief through any other practices and who need peace . "
Exorcism - the church rite of expelling evil spirits from tortured souls - is making a comeback in Catholic regions of Europe .
In July , more than 300 practitioners gathered in the Polish city of Czestochowa for the fourth International Congress of Exorcists .
About 70 priests serve as trained exorcists in Poland , about double the number of five years ago .
An estimated 300 exorcists are active in Italy .
Foremost among them : the Rev. Gabriele Amorth , 82 , who performs exorcisms daily in Rome and is dean of Europe 's corps of demon - battling priests .
" People do n't pray anymore , they do n't go to church , they do n't go to confession .
The devil has an easy time of it , " Amorth said in an interview .
" There 's a lot more devil worship , people interested in satanic things and seances , and less in Jesus . "
Amorth and other priests said the resurgence in exorcisms has been encouraged by the Vatican , which in 1999 formally revised and upheld the rite for the first time in almost 400 years .
Although a Vatican official denied reports in December of a campaign to train more exorcists , supporters said informal efforts began under Pope John Paul II - himself an occasional demon chaser - and have accelerated under Pope Benedict XVI .
A Catholic university in Rome began offering courses in exorcism in 2005 and has drawn students from around the globe .
One of the recruits is the Rev. Wieslaw Jankowski , a priest with the Institute for Studies on the Family , a counseling center outside Warsaw .
He said priests at the institute realized they needed an exorcist on staff after encountering an increase in people plagued by evil .
Typical cases , he said , include people who turn away from the church and embrace New Age therapies , alternative religions or the occult .
Internet addicts and yoga devotees are also at risk , he said .
" This is a service which is sorely needed , " said Jankowski , who holds a doctorate in spiritual theology .
" The number of people who need help is intensifying right now . "
Jankowski cited the case of a woman who asked for a divorce days after renewing her wedding vows as part of a marriage counseling program .
What was suspicious , he said , was how the wife suddenly developed a passionate hatred for her husband .
" According to what I could perceive , the devil was present and acting in an obvious way , " he said .
" How else can you explain how a wife , in the space of a couple of weeks , could come to hate her own husband , a man who is a good person ? "
Jankowski said that an archbishop granted him the authority in October to perform exorcisms and that he 's been busy ever since .
As for the afflicted wife ?
" We 're still working with her , " he said .
Exorcisms remain a touchy subject even among priests who perform them , aware that the rite is associated with medieval witch - burnings and the 1973 Hollywood horror film " The Exorcist . "
More recent horror stories have also taken their toll .
In Germany , memories are still fresh of a 23 - year - old Bavarian woman who died of starvation in 1976 after two priests - thinking she was possessed - subjected her to more than 60 exorcisms .
In 2002 , a German bishop resigned after a woman accused him of sexually abusing her during an exorcism .
Exorcists said they are careful not to treat people suffering from mental illness , and that they regularly consult with psychologists and physicians .
At the same time , they said , conventional medical therapy often neglects spiritual ailments .
" My remedy is based on spiritual means , which cannot be replaced by any pharmaceutical remedies , " said Trojanowski , the priest who is overseeing plans for the new exorcism center .
" I do not stop at the level of just treating symptoms .
I 'm very much interested in the soul of a person .
As a priest , I keep asking questions a doctor will never ask . "
Mr. Obama does surprisingly well among evangelical Christians , an important constituency in swing states .
For example , Relevant magazine , which caters to young evangelicals , asked its readers : “ Who would Jesus vote for ? ” Mr. Obama was the winner and came out 27 percentage points ahead of Mrs. Clinton .
Politicians from red states have seemed likely to endorse Mr. Obama because many see him as the Democratic candidate who will do better in their states .
Politico.com canvassed Democrats in potential swing states and concluded :
“ During extensive interviews in recent weeks in Republican - leaning states , Politico found widespread belief among current and former Democratic statewide officials that Obama is the more electable candidate with their electorates .
These politicians also frequently registered a fear that Clinton ’s personality and past history make her too polarizing to win independent and Republican - leaning voters . ”
Another way of looking at electability is to wonder whether it ’s more of a disadvantage to be black or to be female .
Shirley Chisholm , the black woman who ran for president in 1972 , argued in effect that there were more sexists than racists in America .
“ I met more discrimination as a woman , than for being black , ” Ms. Chisholm once said .
And recent polling and psychology research seem to back that up .
Moreover , my hunch is that a conservative woman like Margaret Thatcher may have a better chance of being elected than a feminist with a distinguished record of standing up for women ’s rights .
For the same reason , Mr. Obama probably has a better chance than a black candidate who emerged from the civil rights movement .
Granted , a general election campaign could shuffle judgments of electability , and it may be unwise  even offensive  to cast votes in part on how people with different political philosophies , even bigots , would cast their ballots .
It ’s also true that Mr. Obama has received more gentle press scrutiny than Mrs. Clinton , and if he were the nominee , he would be buffeted , investigated and swift - boated in a way that he has n’t been ( but that Mrs. Clinton has ) .
Then again , voters in many states have only just begun to be acquainted with Mr. Obama , and more familiarity may breed more comfort  and dispel some of the savage myths about him , such as the one claiming that he is a Muslim who does n’t pledge allegiance to the American flag .
Such lies will become harder to sustain .
Moreover , Mr. Obama ’s charisma has stood up surprisingly well since he first sprang upon the stage in 2004 .
Some old hands believe that if he casts a spell upon many voters in red states , it ’s not because of some momentary dazzle , but because he truly possesses an exceptional and enduring political talent for connecting with independent voters .
“ I ’ve worked for three presidents and known two or three others , ” said Michael Blumenthal , who started his public career under President Kennedy and served as Treasury secretary under President Carter .
“ And Obama is just about the only politician I ’ve ever seen who compares to Jack Kennedy . ”
SHANGHAI  China ’s latest export is inflation .
After falling for years , prices of Chinese goods sold in the United States have risen for the last eight months .
Soaring energy and raw material costs , a falling dollar and new business rules here are forcing Chinese factories to increase the prices of their exports , according to analysts and Western companies doing business here .
The rise was a modest 2.4 percent over the last year .
But even that small amount , combined with higher energy and food costs that also reflect China ’s growing demands on global resources , contributed to a rise in inflation in the United States .
Inflation in the United States was 4.1 percent in 2007 , up from 2.5 percent in 2006 .
Because of new cost pressures here , American consumers could see prices increase by as much as 10 percent this year on specific products  including toys , clothing , footwear and other consumer goods  just as the United States faces a possible recession .
When getting things done involves making phone calls , you want to spend the least amount of time and money on the horn as possible — and several tricks and services can help you do just that .
With the right tones , keypresses , phone numbers , and know - how , you can skip through or cut off long - winded automated voice systems and humans , access web services by voice , and smartly screen incoming calls .
Check out our pick of the 10 best telephony techniques for getting more done in less time over the phone .
Advertisement
10 . Avoid the cost of calling 411 with GOOG 411 .
Instead of calling regular 411 to get information ( and an extra charge on your phone bill ) , Google by voice by calling 1 - 800 - GOOG - 411 to get a street address or phone number .
Some Lifehacker readers say GOOG 411 works better than others ; if you have n't tried it , here 's a YouTube clip ( courtesy of Google ) on how to give it a try .
Advertisement
9 . Get out of annoying calls and meetings with SorryGottaGo.com sounds and the Popularity Dialer .
Interrupt a long phone call or meeting ( or date ! ) with two interesting services : SorryGottaGo.com ( original post ) offers a myriad of sounds you can play while you 're trapped on an endless phonecall that give you the perfect excuse to hang up .
( Like , someone 's at the door , or you 're out of change to feed the naggy public phone . )
Along the same lines , schedule an interrupting call with the Popularity Dialer ( original post ) an incoming calling service that can make you seem " in demand . "
( Do we actually recommend these two services ?
Maybe not , but it 's nice to know they 're out there when you 're desperate . )
8. PayPal money via voice call .
Advertisement
When you owe your buddy 12 bucks on the dinner bill and you 're out of cash , call 1-800 - 4PAYPAL ( 1-800-472-9725 ) to send him the money on the spot .
( Your phone must be activated on your PayPal account for this to work ) .
Here 's more on how to send and receive money via phone with PayPal .
Advertisement
7. Email yourself reminders , blog , and set Google Calendar appointments by phone with Jott .
" Do everything you 'd ever want from the phone " service Jott supercharges your ability to leave yourself a reminder voicemail .
Jott will transcribe your voicemail to self and email it to you , as well as post to your blog , add events to your Google Calendar , and more .
See Kevin 's full rundown on how to get things done over the phone with Jott .
Advertisement
6. Avoid annoying calls with a custom silent ringtone .
If your cell phone supports per-caller ringtones , reader Jim suggests selectively silencing the low - priority incoming calls with a dead air ringtone .
Here 's how to make a ringtone from any MP3 on your mobile .
Advertisement
5 . Ring all your phones from one number with GrandCentral .
Advertisement
Sick of missing calls to the office while you 're home or vice versa ?
Set up a free GrandCentral number that can ring all your phones at once from one number , or selective phones based on the caller — like your cell phone , office phone , and home phone .
GrandCentral 's got scads of neat customized phone features ; see Adam 's tour of how to consolidate your phones with GrandCentral .
Advertisement
4 . Skip the greeting and get right to the beep with one keypress .
Long voicemail greetings are tedious to sit through , but on many services , specific keypresses can skip you right to the beep .
Hit 7 or # to bypass that long greeting , and save time and money on your cell phone bill .
Advertisement
3 . Name that tune .
Advertisement
Dying to know what song that is playing on the car radio ?
Call 866-411-SONG
and hold your phone up to the speakers .
Just 15 seconds ( and a small fee ) , and 411 SONG will send you a text message with the song name and artist .
( This only works on cell phones with SMS capabilities . )
2. Swear like a sailor to skip directly to a human operator .
When that Interactive Voice Response ( IVR ) system 's making you navigate an endless menu of options , put your potty mouth to good use .
Some IVR 's are programmed to listen for naughty words and speed you along to human help when they hear them .
Adam gave this trick a try and dropping the F bomb did indeed zap him right through to a human .
We suggest using this trick when you 're not within earshot of your co-workers .
Advertisement
1. Trick automated phone bots into thinking your line 's dead .
If you 've got automated phone marketers or political campaigns or debt collectors ringing your phone at all hours , trick the system into thinking your phone 's dead .
Add the U.S. Special Information
Tone signal for " vacant circuit " to the beginning of your voicemail greeting to automatically unsubscribe your phone number from bot call lists .
Advertisement
How do you save time and money getting things done on the phone ?
Let us know in the comments .
If you ’re worried about high cholesterol levels and keeping heart - healthy as you get older , do n’t push aside bacon and eggs just yet .
A new study says they might actually provide a benefit .
Researchers at Texas A&M University have discovered that lower cholesterol levels can actually reduce muscle gain with exercising .
Lead investigator Steven Riechman , assistant professor of health and kinesiology , and Simon Sheather , head of the Department of Statistics , along with colleagues from The Johns Hopkins Weight Management Center and the Northern Ontario School of Medicine , have recently had their findings published in the Journal of Gerontology .
Bottom line : Before you have that second helping of oatmeal , it ’s very possible that cholesterol may not be the mean Mr. Evil thing we tend to believe it is .
“ We were not expecting to get these kind of results , ” Riechman explains .
“ We need further research in this area , but what we found could really make us look differently at cholesterol , especially as it relates to a vigorous workout . ”
The team studied 55 men and women , ages 60 - 69 , who were healthy non-smokers and were able to perform exercise testing and training .
advertisement
Three days a week for 12 weeks , participants performed several exercises , including stretching , stationary bike riding and vigorous weight lifting .
Those who had to miss one or more sessions all conducted make - up sessions so that by the study ’s end , the entire group had engaged in uniform activities .
Also , all participants consumed similar meals .
At the conclusion of the study , the researchers found that there was a significant association of dietary cholesterol and change in strength .
In general , those with higher cholesterol intake also had the highest muscle strength gain .
Cholesterol circulating in the blood also appeared to have contributed to greater muscle gain in the participants , Riechman said .
“ One possible explanation is through cholesterol ’s important role in the inflammation process , ” he noted .
“ As you exercise , your muscles can become sore because they are rebuilding muscle mass .
More cholesterol may result in a more robust inflammatory response .
We know that inflammation in some areas , such as near the heart , is not good , but for building muscles it may be beneficial , and cholesterol appears to aid in this process . ”
Riechman said that subjects who were taking cholesterol - lowering drugs while participating in the study showed lower muscle gain totals than those who were not .
advertisement
“ Needless to say , these findings caught us totally off guard , ” he explains .
“ From here , we need to look at a number of questions , such as what exactly happens to cholesterol while you are exercising ?
What role does protein intake have in all of this ?
What we really need to do is to trace cholesterol the moment it goes into the muscles . ”
Combined with exercise , cholesterol appears to play a role in contributing to muscle gain , Riechman says .
The key here is working out – it does n’t mean sitting in front of a television all day thinking you do n’t have to worry about cholesterol levels .
“ Our findings show that the restricting of cholesterol – while in the process of exercising – appears to affect building muscle mass in a negative manner .
If it ’s true , as our findings suggest , that cholesterol may play a key role in muscle repair , we need to know exactly how that happens .
And because cholesterol is negatively associated with cardiovascular health , we need further study in this area .
It shows that there is still a lot about cholesterol that we do n’t know . ”
You ’ll recall that a new report found that the Pentagon is not ready to respond if America is attacked with chemical , biological or nuclear weapons .
Well , the Pentagon now says that they are ready , kind of :
The Pentagon on Friday insisted it is ready to respond to a chemical , biological or nuclear attack inside the United States , rejecting an independent panel ’s criticism of its preparations … .
“ We are prepared to respond , ” McHale said .
“ We are not prepared to respond with the speed , the efficiency and the effectiveness that we intend to achieve . ”
So they ’re currently slow , inefficient and ineffective , but other than that , Mrs. Lincoln , they ’re ready .
Well I know I feel better .
Red - faced accountants from one of the biggest supermarket chains in the US are frantically trying to regain control of more than $ 10 m lost after falling victim to online fraudsters .
Evidently , no one at Minnesota - based Supervalu bothered to confirm the authenticity of emails sent in late February .
Purporting to come from two of the company 's suppliers , the messages instructed Supervalu to wire all future payments to new bank accounts .
One email purported to come from representatives of Frito - Lay and the other from American Greetings .
Both suppliers have established relationships with the grocery chain .
The emails were phony , but within two days , Supervalu began moving money into the accounts .
Over the course of a week , the company transferred $ 10,128941.94 in nine separate payments .
One account was administered by HSBC Bank in Miami and the other by First Security Bank in Arkansas .
Once Supervalu discovered the accounts were bogus , it alerted federal authorities , which quickly froze the accounts before the scammers could withdraw the money .
The sad tale was outlined in documents filed in US District Court in Idaho .
Attorneys for Supervalu , which owns the Albertsons chain , are arguing that the company should recover the full amount because it was a victim , has committed no wrongdoing , and has cooperated fully with investigators .
Gross gullibility is no legal deterrent to getting the money back , we gather .
The story was reported earlier by Computerworld .
A Supervalu spokeswoman told the site that " due to our internal controls and processes , we were able to quickly discover and report this to the FBI . "
Any losses are likely to be minimal , she said . ®
Amy Winehouse Arrested in East London
reports thatis currently being held at an East London police station .
She has been photographed and fingerprinted and is being questioned in connection with an alleged plot to ' fix ' the outcome of a pending assault case .
According to police sources , she is being questioned about her possible role in trying to derail the case against Blake Fielder - Civil .
She will be arraigned on a charge of perverting the course of justice .
Fielder - Civil , the singers husband , has been held in London 's Pentonville prison since November for allegedly paying $ 400,000 to a witness in exchange for changing his planned testimony .
Authorities believe that Winehouse was also involved .
A new inquiry should be launched into the death of Baha Mousa , the Iraqi prisoner who suffered horrific injuries in British Army custody , the senior officer tasked with examining abuse by UK soldiers has said .
A report produced by Brigadier Robert Aitken said that serious flaws in the preparation of troops for dealing with prisoners were to blame for brutality against civilians in Iraq .
British soldiers , it said , needed to be given " a better understanding between right and wrong " .
As the report was published , Des Browne , the Defence Secretary , announced that a review had concluded that " no further criminal lines of inquiry " would be pursued in the case of Mr Mousa , 26 , who died with 93 wounds to his body .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But Brigadier Aitken , who was appointed by the then head of the Army , General Sir Mike Jackson , to carry out the review , said : " This does not mean that the incident is now closed .
There has clearly been a breach of the Army 's professional standards as a result of which a man died in the most appalling circumstances .
We need to get to the bottom of it , and that will involve a further inquiry .
The Defence Secretary is still considering what form that inquiry will take . "
The Defence Secretary 's office later confirmed that Mr Browne was prepared to look into holding a further inquiry into the case and senior military officials said " administrative action " could subsequently be taken against certain individuals , including those who have not yet been arrested over the killing in Basra in 2003 .
Brigadier Aitken insisted there was no evidence of systematic and endemic abuse by British forces in the aftermath of the invasion of Iraq .
The vast majority of the courts martial of soldiers for the killing of Iraqi civilians had resulted in acquittals .
Col Jorge Mendonca , who became the highest - ranking British officer to be charged in an abuse case when he was accused of war crimes over the death of Mr Mousa , said yesterday : " The fact that there were failures in Iraq is a direct consequence of too few troops being deployed to an impossible situation without the correct support , resources or plan .
None of that is addressed in the report , which I find deeply disappointing .
If you send a small group of soldiers into a difficult situation it seems to be pretty rich to then expect everything to go swimmingly and then blame a few commanders on the ground when things go wrong . "
But Brigadier Aitken said lack of numbers was no excuse for some of the brutal acts that took place .
" I do n't buy that , " he said .
" Criminal activity is criminal activity .
Disgraceful behaviour is disgraceful behaviour .
That does not change .
We have to teach soldiers that loyalty does not mean protecting your mates when the service police come asking questions .
Courage does not mean just physical courage in battle it also means moral courage to stand up against injustice . "
General Sir Richard Dannatt , head of the Army , said : " The British Army has performed [ to ] the highest standards under extraordinary testing conditions in Iraq .
But I take no pride in the conduct of a very small number of our people who deliberately abused Iraqi civilians ...
The report is rightly critical of our performances in a number of steps we have already taken towards ensuring that such behaviour is not repeated . "
In Basra , Mr Mousa 's father , Daoud , a former colonel in the Iraqi army , said : " As a senior officer in the Iraqi army , I am clear that these terrible actions could not have taken place without support from senior officers within the British Army .
They either knew or ought to have known what was happening .
Either way , I hold them to account for what happened to my son .
I do not accept this report for a moment . "
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
Tim Hancock , campaigns director of Amnesty International UK , said any further inquiry must be fully independent .
" Today 's report is no substitute for such an inquiry .
We would like to see Mr Mousa 's family fully involved in a proper investigation to finally lay this matter to rest . "
The tragic case of Baha Mousa
* September 2003
Baha Mousa dies while in British Army custody .
* October 2003
An investigation begins by the Special Investigation Branch of the Royal Military Police .
* June 2004
Armed Forces minister Adam Ingram says the investigation into the death is complete .
* March 2005
Brigadier Robert Aitken asks commanders in Iraq for information about prisoner abuse .
* July 2005
Colonel Jorge Mendonca and six others are charged in connection with the death of Baha Mousa .
* March 2007
The court martial ends with the acquittal of all defendants .
The RNC sent out a mailer to their list ( . pdf ) based on a study from the allegedly " non-partisan " ( ha ! ) National Journal :
Looking at the analysis , the numbers do n't add up .
* shock *
They claim that Obama and Clinton only differed on 10 votes , but somehow Obama comes in first and Clinton is # 16 .
Fuzzy math , I tell ya .
In fact , looking at the voting chart the NJ uses to draw their conclusions , it 's obvious that there are a few senators who are clearly more liberal than Obama .
In fact , as this poll from Progressive Punch suggests , every Democratic Senator has a more liberal voting record than Obama , except Baucus , Biden , Pryor , Dodd ( due to absenses on crucial votes ) , Landrieu and Ben Nelson -- but since when do right wing journalists let those pesky facts get in the way ?
Let us not forget that in 2004 , they claimed that ... you guessed it , John Kerry and John Edwards were the most liberal senators .
What a coincidence .
And besides , after the havoc the Republicans have wreaked on our country and around the world the past seven years , being called a Liberal is n't a bad thing .
Considering how wrong Bush and his enabling Republican cronies have been , does the National Journal really want to be saying that Barack Obama has been right more often than any other senator ?
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) -
When does a legitimate Russian political protest become an illegal gathering ?
Answer :
When a second person joins in to spoil it .
Russian satirist Viktor Shenderovich speaks in a court building after he was detained protesting in support of opposition leader Garry Kasparov in Moscow November 29 , 2007 .
Shenderovich , a radio journalist and political satirist , was holding a sign saying Free Garry Kasparov outside police headquarters on Wednesday and was detained after a provocateur came out with a flag and stood beside him , he told Reuters .
REUTERS / Grigory Dukor
So says Viktor Shenderovich , a radio journalist and political satirist who had been staging a lone protest outside a Moscow police headquarters Wednesday , holding a sign saying “ Free Garry Kasparov . ”
“ Then a provocateur came out with a flag and stood beside me , ” Shenderovich told Reuters .
Shenderovich said police waiting in a nearby vehicle then walked over to detain him and the unknown accomplice .
“ The legally - allowed lone protest had turned into an unsanctioned demonstration , ” he told Reuters .
Kasparov , a former chess champion and leader of a minor opposition political party , was arrested by Moscow police last weekend after a sanctioned protest march he led was broken up by riot police .
He is set to be released from jail Thursday .
“ A lone protest does n’t need official permission , ” said Shenderovich at the Mirovoy Court in Moscow .
Russian authorities closely monitor demonstrations , authorizing the number of attendees , where and when they can rally .
Shenderovich was one of several lone protesters detained on Wednesday outside the police headquarters and charged .
“ The provocateur told the police , joyfully , when asked what he was doing out there , ‘ Provoking .
It ’s what we have to do ’ , ” said Shenderovich .
“ It speaks to the degradation of our society because it ’s all being done in the open , ” he said .
“ The police know it is provocation ... their proof is just a couple of empty nothings . ”
The Moscow police press service referred all questions about Shenderovich to a separate spokesman who could not be reached for comment .
Thursday the Russian Ministry of Emergency Services said it would assign more than 50,000 firefighters and rescue workers to join the expected 450,000 police called up to patrol more than 96 thousand polling places Sunday during elections .
In the blogging industry , there are very few that give you real information that you can use to build your blog into a powerhouse .
Some teach , others lead by example , and still others give out ideas that could make you millions of dollars that they themselves have n’t the time to use .
With hundreds of blogs in the make money online arena , how do you do know which ones to follow ?
I am here to cut through all the crud .
There wo n’t be any spam blogs in this list , nor any blogs that have recently been sold .
I want to make sure you have the best blogs to follow .
Problogger
Problogger – Darren Rowse is an australian who has risen to fame quite slowly , but has deserved all the attention he has created .
Darren is a blogging teacher .
The way he words his articles , you can tell they have been given significant thought .
While I sometimes believe he asks more questions than he answers , getting us to all think is never a bad thing .
If you want to become a better blogger , then this is the blog to read .
If you want to make a bunch of money online , you will want to move on to others in this list .
While Darren does make a fair bit of money from his blogging efforts , he does n’t really give away information on how he does it , rather keeping that knowledge closer to his vest pocket , so to speak .
Without Darren ’s help , I probably would n’t be where I am today .
One of the best bloggers you will ever talk to .
Shoemoney and / or John Chow
Shoemoney , and John Chow have very similar blogs .
I find John Chow pushes affiliate programs a bit more than Shoemoney does , but either blog will give you great examples of how you have to monetize in this day and age , as well as some sound advice .
Also , if you watch their blogs closely , you will get a heads up on great affiliate programs and advertising programs that may help you generate revenue off your blog .
Be warned though , that both of these blogs ( especially John Chow ) , stray off topic , and can be a little “ spammy ” in nature , as they continue to do whatever is necessary to build revenue from their respective sites .
Performancing
Performancing is a very strong , long lasting brand in the blogging scene .
It is a multi- author blog , where anyone can post their opinions and have them widely read , but they only get on the front page if you are good at writing .
Their standard list of authors are very knowledgeable and friendly , having helped me out in many ways over the past year .
Performancing is a community , and that is something hard to build .
You can learn about link bait , search engine optimization , and many other very important aspects of blogging that some other sites do n’t really give much focus to .
Daily Blog Tips
Daily Blog
Tips will give you some sound advice , and a great conversation in its comments section .
With an active community of people in the comment section of the site , you can learn much more than what is put in the already very detailed articles .
I suggest checking out Daily Blog Tips for another view on the blogosphere , and some interesting advice , but more than anything , involve yourself in the conversation going on in the comment section of nearly every post .
45n5
45n5 will give you ideas , and ask questions which we should all be thinking about .
Mark , writes very well , and has an interesting opinion on the blogging world , but even better , he is not shy in giving out advice , and ideas .
The ideas that he tosses out are amazing , and if you have the drive and determination to follow them through and build something , Mark will be there cheering you on .
Also , Mark is one of the few that actually does video , and while this is interesting , and sometimes more helpful than text , as it provides context , inflections , and other visual cues , it probably does n’t do as well in the search engines than if he had written all his thoughts out .
Mark has allowed me to join his Group Platform project , where I will be working on AltSciFi
Entrepreneur ’s Journey
Entrepreneur ’s Journey is a blog by Yaro Starak , a well known online celebrity of sorts .
The reason you should be checking this site out is that it gives some entrepreneurial information , and helps drive any self - employment spirit you may have .
Yaro hands out some interesting advice , though I do n’t like the posts done by other people on this blog , overall , it is still an amazing resource .
With business information , passionate articles , and a bit of friendly advice , Yaro has done quite well with his blog , and I would consider it a needed addition to your daily reads if you want to stay passionate about online business .
Blogging Tips
Blogging Tips is a massively multiplayer online blogging related blog .
Currently , one of the biggest MMOBRB ’s * out there , Kevin , its owner , has done a great job bringing many personalities , points of view and types of advice together into one giant resource .
Subscribing to Blogging
Tips is like subscribing to more than half a dozen different blogs , all of which are relatively high quality .
The type of information , tips and advice runs from novice to expert , and includes some really amazing , writers , designers , copywriters , and many other backgrounds .
*MMOBRB – Massively Multiplayer Online Blogging Related Blog is a term made up by me to be funny , but I do think it fits well .
Feel free to use it and adopt the term into our wonderful blog society .
Freelance Folder
Freelance Folder is a blog about being a freelancer , and blogging , be it for yourself , or for a blog network is very much like freelancing .
It is very inspirational to read some of the posts done on this blog are done by freelancers , some very into the blogosphere .
There are a fair number of really amazing posts on this blog , but they also point out posts on other sites that would be of value .
Definitely worth subscribing to if you are going to continue to blog , or write freelance for blogs over a long period of time .
Conclusion
Sure , there are other blogs out there that are great , do n’t get me wrong , but with this group , you should be able to learn enough to make your blog successful .
Of course I also recommend subscribing to this blog , eXtra for Every Publisher , as I think my advice , as a network paid full time blogger , will be very different than the opinions found on the above list .
If you would like an OPML ( file with all the feed locations ) of the above blogs , feel free to download it here : Make Money Online Blog Feeds ( right click and select save as .. )
home Making Yogurt Recipe #
5
Yogurt making is a skill that everyone should have as it's not only easy but is delicious and healthy !
People have been making yogurt for thousands of years and we should help keep up traditions by not only learning ourselves but teaching our children too .
I love yogurt and it's no surprise to learn that it 's sometimes known as the " food of life . "
The best yogurt in the world , though , would have to be my dad ’s yogurt .
For the last year he ’s routinely made a fresh batch of yogurt that we then mix in with fruit , nuts and jams to add extra flavour .
I ’ve even frozen some and sprinkled dark chocolate on top for an almost healthy dessert .
There are so many different ways to make yogurt too !
Here is just one recipe for you to try out .
It 's the 5th recipe I 've posted on the net and the others you can find on my blog here .
Happy yogurt making !
Ingredients 2 litres of milk small carton of store bought or home made yogurt with active cultures .
( This is our starter yogurt . )
Equipment Large cooking pot kitchen thermometre Instructions Place the milk in the cooking pot and heat , stirring occasionally .
Medium heat is best .
Use the thermometre to check the temperature and when the milk reaches 45 degrees Celsius ( 112 degrees Fahrenheit ) remove from the heat .
Add in the starter yogurt a little at a time and mix well .
You can leave the mixture in the cooking pot and cover or you can transfer to another container .
Place warm mixture in a warm , dry place such as an oven with the pilot light on , pantry or eski full of hot water .
Keep the mixture at about 36 degrees Celsius ( 98 degrees Fahrenheit ) and leave undisturbed for between 8 and 10 hours .
The longer you leave the mixture the thicker it will become .
Refrigerate and serve with jams , fresh fruit , nuts or muesli .
ENJOY !
[ From the diaries -- Hunter ]
Hmmmm ... just hours before fired NM U.S. attorney David C. Iglesias is expected to testify under oath , Rep. Heather Wilson acknowledged that like Senator Domenici , she too called Iglesias :
Rep. Heather Wilson ( R - N.M. ) acknowledged today that she contacted a federal prosecutor to complain about the pace of his public corruption investigations , as the Senate Ethics Committee signaled that it had opened a preliminary inquiry into a similar communication by the state 's senior senator , Pete V. Domenici ( R ) .
Tomorrow 's hearings should get quite interesting :
Iglesias , one of seven U.S. attorneys fired by the Justice Department on Dec. 7 , is expected to testify to Congress tomorrow that Wilson and Domenici were indeed trying to sway the course of his investigation .
And there 's this little tidbit :
The lawmakers ' telephone calls to Iglesias appear to put them in conflict with congressional ethics rules , which forbid such contacts to federal agency officials regarding " quasi- judiciary " investigations .
And finally :
Wilson said in her statement that many of her constituents had complained about " the slow pace of federal prosecutions " in corruption cases and said she was told by one unidentified constituent that " Iglesias was intentionally delaying corruption investigations . "
Wilson also said she was trying to help Iglesias : " If the purpose of my call has somehow been misperceived , I am sorry for any confusion .
I thought it was important for Mr. Iglesias to receive this information and , if necessary , have the opportunity to clear his name . "
Awww , is n't that sweet .
She was trying to HELP Iglesias .
Good Lord these people have zero morals .
Wash Post Article
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) -
The wholesome image of Vanessa Hudgens , star of the made - for - kids TV movie hit “ High School Musical , ” was under fire on Friday because of a nude photo circulating on the Internet , creating a new publicity challenge for the Walt Disney Co .
Cast member Vanessa Anne Hudgens arrives for a screening of " High School Musical " at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood May 13 , 2006 .
A newly posted nude photo of the wholesome " High School Musical " star Hudgens has caused an Internet stir and raised a new publicity challenge for the Walt Disney Co. 's squeaky - clean flagship cable network .
REUTERS / Phil McCarten
A representative for actress Vanessa Hudgens confirmed on Friday that the image is of the 18 - year - old performer .
The picture shows her smiling and standing naked directly in front of the camera in what appears to be a bathroom .
“ This was a photo which was taken privately , ” Hudgens ’ representative said in a statement .
“ It is a personal matter and it is unfortunate that this has become public . ”
A Disney representative had no comment about whether the appearance of the photo would affect the company ’s decision to cast Hudgens in the third film of the “ High School Musical ” franchise .
Hudgens has starred in “ High School Musical ” and “ High School Musical 2 ” as Gabriella , the sweet , innocent science geek whose romance with athlete Troy , played by Zac Efron , is chronicled in the two hugely popular made - for - television movies on the squeaky - clean Disney Channel .
Hudgens and Efron , who actually date in real life , were so chaste on screen that they did not even kiss until the end of the second film , a climactic moment marked by fireworks going off behind them .
The two movies form the cornerstone of one of Disney ’s most lucrative franchises for pre-teen girls and a third is planned for release to theaters next year .
The second film debuts on Disney Channels in other countries starting this weekend .
Some parents of young fans were outraged by the photo , saying it tarnished Hudgens ’ image .
“ She ’s damaged , ” Renee Rollins - Greenberg , a Los Angeles mother of two , told Reuters .
“ She ’s got this teeny - bop audience , young pre-teens and younger , who are admiring her and thinking she ’s this wonderful , pure innocent person .
Eighteen is awfully young for this kind of display . ”
“ I ’m devastated because I have an 8 - year - old for which I now have to have an explanation , ” said another Los Angeles - area mother , Rosie Konkel .
“ She ’s always looked at this character as a very smart and proper young lady . ”
“ High School Musical 2 ” debuted on Disney Channel on August 17 to a record - shattering audience of 17.2 million viewers to become the most - watched individual program in cable TV history .
The show ’s soundtrack debuted at No. 1 on national album sales charts , where it has remained for the past three weeks , selling nearly 1.2 million copies .
[ kml_flashembed movie= " http://www.youtube.com/v/uQu_Jppvzyk " width = " 425 " height = " 350 " wmode=" transparent " /]
We used to have one of these merry - go - rounds on our playground when I taught elementary school .
The insurance agent made the school remove it , because it went too fast .
Just think , we could have been pumping water from the school well with all that kid energy !
Playpumps International provides “ innovative , sustainable , patented water pumps powered by children at play .
Installed near schools , the PlayPump system doubles as a water pump and a merry - go - round for children . ”
We cannot underestimate the value of clean water :
More than one billion people worldwide do not have access to clean water .
Water - related diseases are the leading cause of death in the world , taking the lives of 6,000 people a day , and are responsible for 80 percent of all sickness in the world .
40 billion hours are lost annually to hauling water , a chore primarily undertaken by women and girls .
Playpumps appear to be the perfect , eco-friendly solution .
It is not only sustainable , but it provides free , clean drinking water where it is needed most .
According to Playpumps International :
We will carry out our mission by installing 4,000 PlayPump® water systems in 10 countries in sub-Saharan Africa by 2010 , bringing the benefits of clean water to up to 10 million people .
More than 1000 PlayPump systems have already been donated to communities in South Africa , Swaziland , Mozambique , and Zambia .
See Also :
EcoWorldly : “ Water is Child ’s Play , but You Gotta Spin ! ”
Do n’t forget : Wednesday , February 27 is the last day to enter our Green to the Letter Giveaway : Free Eco Stationary and Art Supplies !
The boat was on the second day of a seven - day cruise
Marino Cattiotti was put in charge for four hours because another navigator was ill , the National Transportation Safety Board report said .
More than 200 people were evacuated when the Empress of the North hit a rock 25 miles ( 40 km ) from Juneau .
The report called the designation of Mr Cattiotti as navigator " imprudent " .
Hull ripped
Mr Cattiotti was fresh out of a maritime academy , the National Transportation Safety Board preliminary report said .
It was his first voyage on the ship .
The report said instructors believed that " placing a recent graduate of the school with no watch experience outside of a training environment , on watch , at night , in pilotage waters , in an unfamiliar vessel , without any additional preparation and / or supervision , was imprudent " .
Mr Cattiotti had said he had not taken part in any drills or had any training on the Empress of the North .
The riverboat - style boat was on the second day of a seven - day cruise when it suffered the accident .
The ship 's hull was ripped in a number of places and the propeller damaged .
The final report is expected within eight months .
The ship 's owner , Majestic America Line , said it could not comment until the investigation was over .
According to Majestic America 's website , the 360 ft - long ( 110 m ) ship has 112 cabins and can carry 223 passengers , as well as 84 crew .
A handy tip — if you use Thunderbird to get your email , do n't forget to occasionally run File -> Compact Folders .
I did so yesterday and reclaimed nearly 20 GB of hard drive space !
Comparing my mail folder to my backup , I discovered that every single email that I 'd " deleted " for over a year ( by putting it in the Trash and then emptying it ) was still lurking on my disk .
Are you ready to make an immersion into the glorious life of Soviet Russia ?
If yes scroll down , this one today differs from other retrospective series we had before by the manner of compilation – it ’s not a one collection but is assorted mix came from different sources .
Each photo is an individual shot from the fate of some random human who lived in Russia at that times , sometimes those moments were sad , sometimes joyful and photos share this mood with us now :
via leprosorium.ru
Illustration by Peter Schrank
THE usual fate of populist presidential candidates is to burn brilliantly for a moment and then fizzle out .
This happened to Pat Buchanan when he rattled George Bush senior in New Hampshire in 1992 .
And it happened to John Edwards when he won a strong second place in Iowa in 2004 .
This year the populist flame is burning brighter and longer .
America has seen not one but two significant populist insurgencies .
On the right , Mike Huckabee pitched himself as a “ Boys and Girls Club Republican ” rather than a “ Country Club Republican ” — a man who grew up in poverty , worked his way through college , and regards the Olive Garden chain as the height of fine dining .
On the left , Mr Edwards again presented himself as the son of a mill worker who knows what it means to see factories shuttered and people thrown into the dustbin .
The two men frequently sounded the same themes on the election trail .
Mr Huckabee criticised bosses who ship jobs overseas while stuffing their own pockets .
Mr Edwards argued that American politics has been hijacked by “ a small band of profiteers that has sold out America in selfish service of their greed and power ” .
They both railed against NAFTA , free trade , mortgage companies , oil companies and spiralling health - care costs .
These torchbearers were joined by a number of pygmy populists .
Tom Tancredo crusaded against illegal immigration .
Ron Paul raised surprising amounts of cash by demonising the Fed and other sinister forces .
Dennis Kucinich continued his perennial presidential campaign against the corporate war machine .
The past few weeks have seen some big setbacks for the populist cause .
Mr Edwards dropped out of the race after South Carolina rejected him .
Mr Kucinich has returned to Cleveland thoroughly trounced , and is confronted with a revolt among his fellow Ohio Democrats who are tired of his quixotic runs for the presidency .
Meanwhile , the front - runners all wear some of the marks of the establishment .
John McCain is an orthodox free - trader .
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are both respected senators .
Yet this has been far from a rout .
Mr Kucinich did not belong on the national stage in the first place .
Mr Edwards 's failure had more to do with the messenger than the message .
It is hard to be taken seriously as the scourge of the “ two Americas ” when you live in a 28,000 - square - foot house and spend $ 400 on a haircut .
And Mr Huckabee did surprisingly well on Tuesday night , winning five states and a useful bank of delegates .
This was a remarkable achievement for a man who is loathed by the business establishment , who has little in the way of money and organisation , who questions the theory of evolution and who calls for a constitutional ban on abortion and homosexual marriage .
Messrs Obama and McCain have been sounding some populist notes of their own .
Mr Obama styles himself the leader of a mass uprising against a dysfunctional political system .
Mr McCain is closer to Teddy Roosevelt than to George Bush : he believes in using the power of government to control overmighty corporations and lobbyists .
In 2001 - 05 he scored some of the lowest ratings from the Chamber of Commerce of any Republican senator .
He also bills himself as “ one of the great enemies of the pharmaceutical companies in Washington ” .
On the Democratic side , Mr Obama likes to break from his uplifting rhetoric to criticise bosses who “ dump ” employee pensions while “ pocketing bonuses ” .
Mrs Clinton talks of a “ trap - door economy ” in which families are just one lay - off away from falling through the floor .
Nor is this just a matter of rhetoric .
Mrs Clinton and Mr Obama have both run to the left on trade — they say they want to amend NAFTA and they both oppose a recent trade deal with South Korea .
They have also put more emphasis on poverty , in a bid to win Mr Edwards 's voters .
Meanwhile , conservative populists have humbled the business wing of the Republican Party over immigration .
Mr McCain now agrees — through gritted teeth — that America needs to strengthen its borders before giving immigrants the right to earn citizenship .
Mitt Romney sounds more like a Minuteman than a Harvard MBA when he talks about immigration .
Mr Tancredo has left the presidential race but his poisonous spirit lives on .
No end in sight
There is good reason for thinking that the populist mood will last for some time .
Even before the recent economic slowdown , Americans were feeling sour .
The 2007 Pew Global Attitudes Survey showed that America has seen the biggest rise in opposition to globalisation of any of the 47 countries studied .
Only 59 % of Americans think international trade is benefiting the country , compared with 78 % in 2002 .
Three - quarters of them want to see further immigration restricted , and boiling rage about illegal immigration fires the Republican right .
Those fears are likely to be exacerbated in the next few months .
The economy is sputtering .
Employment is faltering .
House prices are dipping .
All these worries are particularly marked among one of the most important swing groups in the presidential election — blue - collar voters who are drawn towards the Republican Party on moral and defence issues but who worry about job losses , mortgage foreclosures and the rising costs of health care and college tuition .
This is not to argue that the next president will bow to the populist mood .
Mrs Clinton and Mr Obama are both economic centrists who have been showered with businessmen 's money .
Mr McCain 's quarrels are with people who try to fix the playing field rather than with those who are merely very rich .
But the populist wind will continue to blow .
Although that will be good for the cause of health - care reform , it will make it harder , even for a President McCain , to advance free trade or fix America 's broken immigration system .
Forget Warner Brothers , Universal and Disney .
Say goodnight and good luck to CBS , NBC and Fox .
The Hollywood studio model is about to be turned upside down .
Leading film and TV writers , accompanied by actors , directors and Silicon Valley investors , are poised to announce the creation of new ventures aimed at bypassing the studios .
" It 's a whole new model to bring content directly to the masses , " said screenwriter Aaron Mendelsohn .
" We 're gathering together a team of A - list TV and film writers , along with their A - list equivalent from Silicon Valley . "
Mendelsohn is not alone .
Seven groups are thought to be working on forming companies to challenge the dominance of the studios .
The new companies plan to create programmes and films and distribute them via the internet , circumventing the old model of big studios owned by even bigger parent companies churning out content and controlling when and where it is seen .
The developments come as the screenwriters ' strike shows no sign of a resolution .
A report presented last week to a city council committee estimated that the strike would cost Los Angeles between $ 380 m and $ 2.5 bn ( £ 190 m to £ 1.25 bn ) .
As the two sides in the dispute - the Writers Guild of America and the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers - trade insults , one perhaps unintended consequence of the standoff is that the people who make the programmes and films have seen that they can get their message out without the help of the studios .
" The strike videos confirmed that you can create content directly for the internet and find an audience , " said director and writer George Hickenlooper , who has made a series of short films in support of the writers .
Those films , under the title Speechless , have featured big stars - from cinema great Woody Allen to TV personalities such as Jay Leno - and attracted big audiences on the internet .
Some of those involved have even said that when they are next out of contract they may go straight to the internet , taking advantage of services such as Google Video or YouTube , to bypass the studios altogether .
Some big TV names , including Leno , are already subtly shifting the way their programmes are made .
Worldwide Pants , late - night talkshow host David Letterman 's production company , is in talks with the union to allow it to return to screens with a script in early January .
Other late nighters are expected to return - some without writers - in the first week of the new year .
The Daily Show with Jon Stewart is due back a week later , again without writers .
But doing his heavily scripted programme without a script is the least of Stewart 's problems .
He is hosting the Oscar ceremony in February , an event that could fall foul of the strike .
The Golden Globes ceremony , due to take place in mid-January , is already shrouded in uncertainty : the union has refused the event a waiver and writers are promising to picket the red carpet .
Will nominated stars such as George Clooney dare to cross a picket line ?
Will the event be cancelled ?
What about the parties ?
The irony for the writers involved in setting up the new ventures is that at the core of the current dispute is the question of how to reimburse writers for work that is distributed on the internet .
The studios say that it is still too early to say if the internet will generate income to be shared with the writers .
The writers counter that the studios crow to Wall Street about the profits to be made from the digital sector .
" The internet is a place where they can't maintain control , " he said .
" They are trying to introduce an old - school control - orientated way of thinking into a system that rejects and repels that tradition of control . "
The hi-tech community , he notes , is more comfortable with the notion of relinquishing control over its investments .
" It 's a different model , " he says .
" They really believe in the free and open source software movement ; a sharing , egalitarian system . "
Hickenlooper is also teaming up with a high - tech entrepreneur , in this case Jordan Mechner , who created the Prince of Persia videogame .
One of their first projects is a feature film released in daily segments .
" We 're doing low - budget content that will be distributed on a daily basis through the internet , " he said .
" The idea is to use A - list talent .
It 's not George Clooney but it 's names we know . "
The film will be released over a month or 50 days and subsequently released in its entirety on DVD .
The notion of the creatives taking control of the means of production is not a new one to Hollywood .
United Artists started , as its name suggests , as just that , an effort by Charlie Chaplin , Mary Pickford , DW Griffith and Douglas Fairbanks .
But that effort ended in rancour and disorganisation , and the vision was eventually swallowed up by a series of corporate mergers .
Last year Tom Cruise and his producer Paula Wagner took over the moribund studio .
" The launching pad of United Artists is a nice inspiration for us , " said Mendelsohn .
" But having Tom Cruise own us in 70 years ' time is not part of our game plan . "
The Wise Economic Stewardship Of Dick Cheney
This seems like a good moment to remember this section of The Price of Loyalty by Ron Suskind :
As the meeting in Mr. Cheney 's office progressed , it became clear that the vice president was ready to weigh in on what the president should do to bolster the economy , and his standing with voters worried about the economy , as the second half of his term began .
A package of tax proposals , led by a 50 % cut in the individual tax on dividends , had been all but buried since Mr. O'Neill took his stand against it in early September ...
After the midterms , though , Mr. O'Neill could sense a change inside the White House ... Now Mr. Cheney mentioned them again , how altering the double taxation of dividends would provide some economic stimulus .
Mr. O'Neill jumped in , arguing sharply that the government " is moving toward a fiscal crisis " and then pointing out " what rising deficits will mean to our economic and fiscal soundness . "
Mr. Cheney cut him off .
" Reagan proved deficits do n't matter , " he said .
Mr. O'Neill was speechless , hardly believing that Mr. Cheney -- whom he and Mr. Greenspan had known since Dick was a kid -- would say such a thing .
Mr. Cheney moved to fill the void .
" We won the midterms .
This is our due . "
Mr. O'Neill left Mr. Cheney 's office in a state of mild shock .
Without the Bush administration 's giant tax cuts for the richest people in America , the government would have more room to maneuver now .
The options that remain today are less palatable .
Another important effect of the tax cuts is that a fraction of them will be used by recipients to support political resistance to any constructive actions to deal with our current problems .
So it really was a win - win - win .
— Jonathan Schwarz
Posted at January 22 , 2008 10:14 AM
Have you ever looked at the United States Government Budget ?
It 's scarier than watching the Exorcist .
If you applied business management principles to the U.S. Government budget , Uncle Sam would be forced to go into bankruptcy .
political election humor blog
It 's human nature to go over budget .
I 've done it and I am sure you have too .
If you have n't , you were born wealthy , are a penny pincher or just do n't have a life .
The budget is mind boggling .
Look at it for yourself at U.S. BUDGET
First thing I looked at was the revenues verses expenses .
Let 's do some simple math :
Step 1 - $ 2,053 – $ 2,479 = - $ 427
Step 2 - Add some zeroes : 000,000,000
Step 3 - Solution : -$ 427,000,000,000 or - $ 427 Billion
In 2005 , our U.S. gross revenues ( collections from our taxes ) were $ 2.053 trillion and our expenditures were $ 2.479 trillion , causing us to go into the hole a measly four hundred , twenty - seven billion dollars– give or take a few million .
What happens when your bank account goes into the red four hundred , twenty - seven dollars ?
Your bank charges you a $ 20 insufficient funds fee plus a $ 20 overdraft fee .
If you make multiple transactions during this unfortunate period , your are charged fees on top of the overdraft fees , on top of the insufficient funds fees .
Pretty soon , you owe the bank a zillion dollars .
( I 've seen one simple transaction for a Starbuck 's Grande Hazelnut , Semi -Dry Cappuccino , turn into a negative $ 500 + account balance . )
Bank charges do n't matter to our government because they own the banking system .
They can spend more than they take in and still call it a good day .
Looking at the expenses side , the largest chunk of federal spending goes to guaranteed retirement and health benefit programs .
The Department of Defense ( DOD ) is the second largest expense , with the largest increases in funding since the Reagan administration .
Current DOD spending is $ 426 billion dollars .
Sadly , education receives only $ 64 billion dollars .
Third highest expense is the interest of the national debt , - a mere $ 430 billion last year .
The U.S. debt is $ 30,000 per American , according to a recent article , U.S. debt : $ 30,000 per American ( Associated Press , December 3 , 2007 ) .
AMERICA'S DEBT IS YOUR DEBT
You , myself and every other American are all part of the U.S. government .
We , the people ; every man , woman , child and infant in the United States has a share of the national debt .
And this does n't count your personal debt .
So , next time you see Johnny goofing of and playing Counter Strike , tell him to get his ass off the couch and get to work to pay his share of the debt .
The national debt is growing by nearly $ 1.4 billion a day , or nearly $ 1 million per minute .
Imagine - you wake up and brush your teeth for two minutes and the national debt has risen $ 2 million .
Check out the up - to - the minute U.S. debt at TreasuryDirect.gov .
The interest payments on the national debt are over $ 9 trillion dollars .
HOW DID WE GET INTO THIS MESS ?
When Bush took over in January ' 01 , our deficit was $ 5.7 trillion .
When he leaves in January ' 09 , our national debt will be over $ 10 trillion .
That 's nearly double .
But we can't blame Bush for everything .
Both parties have some responsibility .
The Republicans increased the debt over last eight years but the national debt has grown from 35 % in 1975 to around 65 % today .
At this rate , the national debt will hit 350 % of the GDP by 2050 .
This clock near New York 's Times Square has kept tabs on the national debt since 1989 , when the debt was a measly $ 2.7 trillion .
( Note : The picture of the clock is from a previous period . )
This clock can't handle the $ 10,000,000,000,000 digits .
I guess they 'll have to use exponentials .
We should put a national debt clock on every heavily trafficked highway in Los Angeles , Houston , Dallas , Atlanta , Chicago , D.C. , Seattle , San Jose , San Francisco , Oakland , Boston , Miami , Las Vegas , and Detroit .
Politicians would freak if they saw one in their city .
Democrats and Republicans have tried to tuck this massive debt under the carpet as if it does n't exist .
SPREAD THE AWARENESS OF THIS ECONOMICALLY - CRIPPLING ISSUE
If you are interested in donating for this advertising awareness campaign , please e-mail me at huckfinn@putinforpresident.com .
Special note to the super , duper wealthy :
It would be great if we could get a few billionaires to pay for this entire awareness campaign instead of asking the little people like myself to donate money .
The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan could cost $ 2.4 trillion over the next decade , according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office .
$ 2.4 Trillion Dollars = Ecogeddon
I believe it will double .
You can make your own decision .
Here 's a game for you to play : determine how much the war will cost by clicking on IRAQ COSTS .
MAKE GREEN NOT WAR
We'd be much better off taking the money we spend on war and investing it in green technologies , products and services .
With that money we could give each American a free hydrogen fuel car , a solar roof on every home , plus put up wind farms across the country .
A SCARY THOUGHT
The national debt has created another sub prime - like crisis – but at the government level .
We 've had homeowners take out adjustable mortgage loans , which are coming back to haunt the entire financial banking system as well as our economy .
The government could be next .
Currently , $ 2.23 trillion of the U.S. debt is held by foreign governments .
9.5 % higher than last year .
And who do you think owns a good portion of our debt ?
Take a wild guess .
Guess !
Do n't cheat .
Japan owns the most with $ 586 billion .
China is second with $ 400 billion .
Saudi Arabia and other oil - exporting countries own $ 123 billion of our debt .
How 's that for national security ?
" Borrowing hundreds of billions of dollars from China and OPEC puts not only our future economy , but also our national security , at risk .
It is critical that we ensure that countries that control our debt do not control our future , " said Sen.
George Voinovich of Ohio , a Republican budget hawk .
Here 's a cool thought .
If you run out of money and max out your debt , just increase the ceiling of your debt .
As consumers , we 've done this with our credit cards .
But there comes a level when you max out your credit cards and no other credit card company wants to give you any more credit .
Not for Uncle Sam .
The Congress ( led by Democrats ) did just that recently – raising the ceiling to $ 9.82 trillion since the former maximum of $ 8.97 trillion was about to run over .
Since Bush became president , the debt ceiling has been raised five times .
But you can't blame Bush .
Both parties are at fault .
" We pay in interest four times more than we spend on education and four times what it will cost to cover 10 million children with health insurance for five years , " said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif .
" That 's fiscal irresponsibility . "
THIS DEBT IS NOT GOING AWAY
The government , no matter what party comes to power , will have to cut costs , increase taxes or both .
We should reduce costs in defense , international aid and government operations and increase expenditures in green technologies , alternative energies , education and entrepreneurship that would enable us to generate new revenue streams .
We 're in a major crisis .
Ecogeddon could be right around the corner .
-- HuckFinn@PutinforPresident.com
" Smart - Ass Politics for Smart People "
Issue 3 . Vote for GREEN
The next member of the Ora family , moving up to dodecahedral symmetry .
A mysterious piece with a large and hidden inner volume .
On Paul Nylander 's marvelous math - art page , there 's a similar image titled " Knotted Surface " .
It was done with my blessing , and there 's also a beautiful movie showing how it 's topologically equivalent to a face - punctured triacontahedron .
Now I understand this piece much better !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
It was the biggest , baddest , meanest froggy ever to have hopped on Earth .
This artist 's illustration shows the gigantic ancient frog Beelzebufo ampigna face - to - face with a modern frog , with a pencil added for scale .
Scientists on Feb. 18 announced the discovery in northwestern Madagascar of this bulky amphibian dubbed the " devil frog " that lived 65 to 70 millions years ago and was so nasty that it may have eaten newborn dinosaurs .
Beelzebufo was 16 inches ( 41 cm ) long and weighed an estimated 10 pounds ( 4.5 kg ) .
REUTERS / Luci Betti-Nash
Scientists on Monday announced the discovery in northwestern Madagascar of a bulky amphibian dubbed the “ devil frog ” that lived 65 million to 70 million years ago and was so nasty it may have eaten newborn dinosaurs .
This brute was larger than any frog living today and may be the biggest frog ever to have existed , according to paleontologist David Krause of Stony Brook University in Stony Brook , New York , one of the scientists who found the remains .
Its name , Beelzebufo ampinga , came from Beelzebub , the Greek for devil , and bufo -- Latin for toad .
Ampinga means “ shield , ” named for an armor - like part of its anatomy .
Beelzebufo ( pronounced bee - el - zeh - BOOF - oh ) was 16 inches
long and weighed an estimated 10 pounds ( 4.5 kg ) .
It was powerfully built and possessed a very wide mouth and powerful jaws .
It probably did n’t dine daintily .
“ It ’s not outside the realm of possibility that Beelzebufo took down lizards and mammals and smaller frogs , and even -- considering its size -- possibly hatchling dinosaurs , ” Krause said in a telephone interview .
“ It would have been quite mean , ” added paleontologist Susan Evans of University College London , another of the scientists .
Their findings were published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Even though it lived far away , Beelzebufo appears to be closely related to a group of frogs that live today in South America , the scientists said .
They are nicknamed “ Pac - Man ” frogs due to their huge mouths .
Some have little horns on their heads , and the scientists think Beelzebufo also may have had horns -- a fitting touch for the “ devil frog . ”
Beelzebufo was bigger than any of its South American kin or any other living frog -- “ as if it was on steroids , ” Krause said .
The largest one today is the goliath frog of West Africa , up to 12.5 inches long and 7.2 pounds ( 3.3 kg ) .
The presence of Beelzebufo in Madagascar and its modern relatives in South America is the latest sign a long - lost land bridge once may have linked Madagascar to Antarctica -- much warmer then -- and South America , the scientists said .
That would have let animals move overland among those land masses .
Fossils have been found of other animals in Madagascar from Beelzebufo ’s time similar to South American ones .
KING OF FROGS
The first frogs appeared about 180 million years ago , and their basic body plan has remained unchanged .
Beelzebufo lived during the Cretaceous Period at the end of the age of dinosaurs , which went extinct along with many other types of animals 65 million years ago when a huge space rock clobbered Earth .
Beelzebufo did not live an aquatic lifestyle , hopping among lily pads , the scientists said .
Instead , it lived in a semi- arid environment and may have hunted like its modern - day relatives , which camouflage themselves and jump out at prey .
Its first fragmentary fossils were found in 1993 , and the scientists have since assembled enough fragments to piece its remains together like a jigsaw puzzle , Krause said .
While it was the king of frogs , Beelzebufo is not the largest amphibian ever to have lived .
Many reached truly astounding dimensions , such as the crocodile - like Prionosuchus that grew to an estimated 30 feet during the Permian Period , which ended about 250 million years ago .
One of the most complicated construction projects ever attempted reached a major milestone today .
The final large detector element for the ATLAS instrument was lowered into the Large Hadron Collider .
And this baby ’s big .
Weighing in at 100 tonnes .
When the collider finally comes online , this instrument will measure the cascade of particles generated in proton - proton collisions .
The ATLAS detector itself is enormous , weighing 7,000 tonnes and measuring 46 metres long , 25 metres high and 25 metres wide .
It has 100 million sensors that will track all the particles that freeze out when protons are smashed together at tremendous energies .
And so today , the final element for ATLAS was plugged into its permanent home .
It ’s known as a “ small wheel ” , and there are two of them in the detector .
Compared to the full ATLAS instrument , it only weighs 100 tonnes , and measures a mere 9.3 metres across .
Since the whole detector is located deep underground , engineers had to lower each piece down a 100 metre shaft .
And they ’ve been installing pieces this way since 2003 .
In the case of the small wheel , it was even harder to get it down .
“ One of the major challenges is lowering the small wheel in a slow motion zigzag down the shaft , ” explained Ariella Cattai , leader of the small wheel team , “ and performing precision alignment of the detector within a millimetre of the other detectors already in the cavern . ”
With all of ATLAS ’ parts in place , it ’s time to enter the commissioning phase .
Researchers will test all of the parts together in preparation for the first tests this Summer .
By this time next year , physicists might have many more answers about the nature of gravity , dark matter , and nature ’s preference for matter over dark matter .
And I ’m sure they ’ll have even more new questions .
But that ’s how science works .
Original Source : CERN News Release
elcome to The Vincent van Gogh Gallery .
For nearly 24 years now I 've worked hard to ensure that this website remains the most thorough and comprehensive Van Gogh resource on the World Wide Web .
To the right is a table detailing the contents of the entire site .
I 'm proud to say that I have the privilege of displaying 100 % of Vincent van Gogh 's works and letters -- a complete , online catalogue raisonné of Van Gogh 's oeuvre .
As you explore these pages , you 'll see the culmination of thousands of hours of work .
But that 's just the beginning . . . .
On a regular basis I 'll be adding more criticism and analysis , historical commentary as well as a vastly expanded web of cross-referential hyperlinks .
This will allow the visitor an easy means of exploring the rich tapestry of Vincent van Gogh 's life and art .
The more work I put into The Vincent van Gogh Gallery , the more I realize that there is still so much left to do .
In any event , I do sincerely hope that you enjoy your visit in a journey for insights and information about one of the most brilliant artists the world has ever known .
Site Inventory Item # Online % of Total Paintings 862 100 % Drawings 1,030 100 % Watercolours 145 100 % Graphic Works 10 100 % Letter Sketches 133 100 % Total Works 2,180 100 % Letters 874 100 % Total Graphics 4,022 --- Total Pages 4,384 ---
Click to viewA Gizmodo writer has been banned from CES for a prank .
But when I see some fellow press damning us for the joke , I feel sorry for them :
When did journalists become the protectors of corporations ?
When did this industry , defined by pranksters like Woz , get so serious and in - the - pocket of big business ?
This is totally pathetic .
Advertisement
Consumer electronics tech journalism is very tricky .
Those who strictly cover commercial CE depend on a powerful handful of companies for the very lifeblood of their content .
That 's a dangerous position .
A " favor " by a company can turn into the laziest kind of " scoop " imaginable , a scrap from the dinner table for the dogs of journalism .
And every gadget journalist has wrestled with his conscience as he gains more access and becomes inseparable from the industry and depends on more and more of these scoops .
But bloggers and trade journalists , so desperate for a seat at the table with big mainstream publications have it completely backwards :
You do n't get more access by selling out for press credentials first chance you get , kowtowing to corporations and tradeshows and playing nice ; you earn your respect by fact finding , reporting , having untouchable integrity , provocative coverage and gaining readers through your reputation for those things .
Our prank pays homage to the notion of independence and independent reporting .
And no matter how much access the companies give us , we wo n't ever stop being irreverent .
That 's what this prank was about and what the press should understand .
Advertisement
Critics talk about the prank costing dollars and jobs .
Motorola said " no harm , no foul " and enjoyed the joke .
( Although they will be checking every body cavity I have for IR blasters next press conference . )
Were there AV techs who got in trouble ?
They need only show their bosses the video to be blame - free .
Many of our harshest critics have done far worse than clicking off a few TVs .
I 'm talking about ethical lapses such as accepting paid junkets to Japan by Nikon , or free trips to Korea by Samsung .
Turning a blind eye to Apple 's mistakes when they did n't make an iPhone SDK and sought to lock down the handset .
Stock prices torn downward by publishing incorrect leaked info .
Writing about companies that also pay you for advertorial podcast work .
All of these examples are offenses from the last year .
And I consider those offenses far worse than our prank , because it ultimately it puts the perpetrators on the wrong team .
As one reporter put it while chiding me , " Journalists are guests in the houses of these companies . "
Not first and foremost !
We are the auditors of companies and their gadgets on behalf of the readers .
In this job , integrity and independence is far more important than civil or corporate obedience .
Every tech journalist has to decide whether or not he 's writing for companies or for readers .
When they start writing for the companies , covering all their press releases and regurgitating marketing jargon , you do no one any favors ( not even the companies , which already hire press release machines ) .
Gizmodo was given access to film and interview Bill Gates again this year .
Some pubs might have softened up on questioning him , but we did n't :
We got the guy to open up and talk about Windows and its shortcomings like he never has before , not even on 60 minutes .
If that 's not journalism , I do n't know what is .
If we had been in the pocket of this industry , we never would have asked such a risky question — and probably would n't have been granted the interview to begin with .
In closing , I will fill you in on our little secret :
TVs turn back on when you press the power button a second time .
So , I can assure you , everything is going to be OK once the companies find their clickers between the couch cushions of our prank and your obedience .
Will our critics find it as easy to turn their integrity back on ?
I doubt it .
California ’s budget shortfall has swollen to $ 16 billion from $ 14.5 billion , according to the state ’s chief budget analyst , who says the governor ’s proposal for closing the deficit is so flawed that her office took the rare step of drafting an alternative state spending plan for legislators to consider .
The plan offered by Legislative Analyst Elizabeth G. Hill , whom lawmakers of both parties look to for advice on fiscal matters , calls on lawmakers to raise taxes by at least $ 2.7 billion .
It urges them to reject Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s plans for a 10 % across - the - board reduction in state spending , suggesting that such an approach is short - sighted .
Hill says the lawmakers should target a dozen tax breaks she says are ripe for modification or elimination .
They include tax credits that individuals can claim for dependent children and seniors and that companies can claim for research and development as well as for hiring low - income workers .
And she suggests eliminating a loophole that allows buyers of yachts to avoid paying sales tax if they keep their newly purchased boats out of California for 90 days .
Democrats call it the “ sloophole . ”
Democrats embraced Hill ’s ideas .
But the governor and Republican lawmakers said they would continue to block any tax increases .
“ While I believe that we should begin negotiations with all ideas on the table , I have been very clear in my position against raising taxes to fix Sacramento ’s spending problem and our budget , ” Schwarzenegger said .
The increase in the size of the deficit , detailed in a report Hill released this morning , essentially erases the emergency spending cuts lawmakers have made so far to bring the budget into balance .
Those actions , approved by the Legislature and governor late last week , amounted to about $ 2 billion in service reductions , largely in school programs and healthcare for the poor .
evan.halper@latimes.com
Federal officials have said in recent months that there is no death chamber at the detention camp at the United States naval base at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , and that they knew of no specific plans for how a death sentence would be carried out .
The military justice system , which does not govern the Guantánamo cases , provides for execution by lethal injection in death sentence convictions .
But the United States military has rarely executed a prisoner in recent times .
The last military execution was in 1961 , when an Army private , John A. Bennett , was hanged after being convicted of rape and attempted murder .
Currently , there are six service members appealing military death sentences , according to a recently published article by a lawyer who specializes in military capital cases , Dwight H. Sullivan , a former chief military defense lawyer at Guántanamo .
One official who had been briefed on the war - crimes case said the charges were expected to be lodged against six detainees held at Guantánamo , including Mr. Mohammed , who is said to have presented the idea of an airliner attack on the United States to Osama bin Laden in 1999 and then coordinated its planning .
The official identified the others to be charged as Mohammed al - Qahtani , the man officials have labeled the 20th hijacker ; Ramzi bin al - Shibh , said to have been the main intermediary between the hijackers and leaders of Al Qaeda ; Ali Abd al - Aziz Ali , known as Ammar al - Baluchi , a nephew of Mr. Mohammed , who has been identified as Mr. Mohammed ’s lieutenant for the 2001 operation ; Mr. al - Baluchi ’s assistant , Mustafa Ahmed al - Hawsawi ; and Walid bin Attash , a detainee known as Khallad , who investigators say selected and trained some of the hijackers .
Relatives of the Sept. 11 victims have expressed differing views of potential death sentences , with some arguing that it would accomplish little other than martyring men for whom martyrdom may be viewed as a reward .
But on Sunday , Debra Burlingame , whose brother Charles F. Burlingame III was the pilot of the hijacked American Airlines Flight 77 that was crashed into the Pentagon , said she would approve of an effort by prosecutors to seek the execution of men she blames for killing her brother .
Ms. Burlingame said such a case could help refocus the public ’s attention on what she called the calculated brutality of the attacks , which she said has been largely forgotten .
The Bush administration has failed to nominate any candidates to a newly empowered privacy and civil - liberties commission .
This leaves the board without any members , even as Congress prepares to give the Bush administration extraordinary powers to wiretap without warrants inside the United States .
The failure rankles Sens. Joe Lieberman ( I - Connecticut ) and Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) , respectively chairman and ranking minority member of the Senate 's Homeland Security Committee .
" I urge the president to move swiftly to nominate members to the new board to preserve the public ’s faith in our promise to protect their privacy and civil liberties as we work to protect the country against terrorism , " Lieberman said in a statement .
" The White House 's failure to move forward with appointing the new board is unacceptable , and I call on the administration to do so as quickly as possible to prevent a gap in this vital mission , " Collins said in a statement .
In a 2007 measure implementing 9/11 Commission recommendations , Congress reconfigured the oversight committee , known as the Privacy and Civil Liberty Oversight Board .
The intent was to make the board more independent of the White House , require it to be bipartisan and make it more accountable to the public .
Those changes came after civil - liberties groups blasted the board for a lack of independence and relevance .
Board chairwoman Carol Dinkins formerly served as a campaign treasurer for President Bush and was a partner at the same law firm as former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
Also appointed to the board was formidable lawyer Ted Olson , who was named solicitor general after winning the Bush v. Gore case that settled the 2000 election dispute , and whose wife died in the 9/11 attacks .
Lanny Davis – the board 's sole Democrat – resigned in May 2007 to protest edits the White House made to the board 's 2007 annual report to Congress .
The board 's findings about issues such as warrantless wiretapping by the National Security Agency were by - and - large administration - friendly , though the board did issue one informative but overlooked report on redress for erroneous inclusion on terrorist watch lists ( .pdf ) .
Terms for the board 's original members expired on Jan. 30 , but no nominations have been sent to the Senate Homeland Security Committee , which must approve appointees for the five vacancies .
Civil - liberties advocates like Lisa Graves , deputy director of the Center for National Security Studies , considered the board to be apologists for the government 's anti-terrorism policies , rather than independent civil - liberties watchdogs .
" This board failed miserably in its mission of helping to protect Americans ' privacy and instead acted mainly to help the White House whitewash programs like warrantless NSA wiretapping that violate Americans ' civil liberties , " Graves said .
" Now that Congress has changed the board 's rules to make it a little more independent , the White House appears to have no interest in appointing anyone to it . "
But even the newly configured board does n't have enough power and what is really needed is a totally independent body with the ability to subpoena documents , according to Timothy Sparapani , senior legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union .
" We want them to be more than just the privacy version of Congressional Research Service , " Sparapani said .
" They need to be able to slap hands and force people to consider privacy in the initial creation of programs , and then whack people into line when privacy violations occur . "
The board released its second annual report ( .pdf ) to Congress on Jan. 30 , its last day of operation .
Its documents are being shipped to the National Archives for storage .
The privacy board ignored repeated requests for comment for this story , and a White House press staffer did not provide information by late Friday about the status of nominees to the board .
Air France l'Espace Premiere lounge , Paris
Where it is : Charles de Gaulle Airport , Terminal 2E
What it 's like :
After being welcomed at a private , dedicated check - in area , first - class Air France travelers are escorted to this lounge — where the décor matches Air France 's l'Espace Premiere in - flight cabins ( plush red carpet , oversized leather armchairs ) .
The amenities here include a work area with free Internet access ; a relaxation area with reclining chaise lounges , showers , and Clarins massages ; and meals , wines , and champagne .
At departure , an agent accompanies travelers to a dedicated boarding gate , and a private Mercedes sedan then takes them to their plane .
Vive la difference !
From the article The World 's Most Amazing Airport Lounges
Mig -25 " Fox Bat
Vs
The SR - 71 " Blackbird "
Was the Mig - 25 Foxbat and the upgrade Mig - 31 Foxhound capable of intercepting an SR - 71 ?
This question comes up regularly at SR - 71 symposiums and Blackbird speaker events throughout the U.S.
To put to rest this question is the purpose of this web page .
During the cold War the Russians were highly concerned about the United State 's XB - 70 supersonic bomber project .
In response , they built the Mig - 25 which was designed to be a Mach 2.8 Interceptor for countering air targets in all weather conditions , by day and by night and in dense hostile electronic warfare environments .
This was the USSR 's answer to the design in the US of fast , high flying aircraft as the XB - 70 , North American F - 108 and Lockheed SR - 71 .
The MiG - 25 lacked technological refinement , but its performance caused much concern in the west .
It was designed to function both as a long - range interceptor and reconnaissance aircraft .
The center fuselage is a big , welded steel fuel tank , so avionics , radar or cameras are in the nose .
Speed is limited to Mach 2.83 mainly by controllability problems .
The MiG - 25 is a twin - finned high - wing monoplane with slightly swept wings and a variable angle tail plane .
To improve the aircraft 's longitudinal stability and to avert stall at steep angles and subsonic speed , there are two shallow upper surface fences on each wing .
The high - wing monoplane configuration together with lateral air intakes both have the effect of reducing the loss of aerodynamic efficiency resulting from wing - fuselage interference .
The aircraft is powered by two 11200kg Tumansky R-15D - 300 single shaft turbojets , arranged in the tail section of the fuselage .
The engines develop 11,200 kgf of thrust with fully selected afterburner .
The engines provide a maximum speed of 3,000 km / hour at high altitude .
The maximum speed at low altitude is 1,200 km / hour .
The aircraft has a service ceiling of 22,500 meters .
The range at altitudes between 9 and 11 km with speed of Mach 0.85 is 1,950 km .
At higher altitudes between20 and 21 km and speed Mach 2.35 , the range is 1,650 km .
The maximum in - service g-load is 4.5 g's .
There are two - seat trainer versions of both the fighter and the reconnaissance version .
Production of the fighter ended in 1983 .
The MiG - 25 saw combat in several wars in the Middle East .
Over 1200 have been built , of which about 75 % were interceptors .
The MiG - 25 was produced by MAPO - MiG , the Moscow Aircraft Production Organisation MiG , which is based in Moscow and the Sokol Aircraft Manufacturing Plant Joint Stock Company at Nizhni Novgorod in Russia .
In search of Freedom , on September 06 , 1976 Lt. Viktor Ivanovich Belenko piloted his Mig - 25 ( USSR Product # 84 ) from the 513th Fighter Regiment at the Siberian Base of Sakharovka , Soviet Air Defense Command and defected to the United States .
He landing the Mig - 25 in Japan under adverse weather conditions .
No Westerner had ever been close to a Mig - 25 and much about the aircraft were unknown .
It was the one plane most feared in the West .
In 1973 , US .
Air Force Secretary Robert C. Seamans deemed the Mig - 25 as " Probably the best interceptor in production in the world today " .
In 1967 a stripped down Mig - 25 set a world record by achieving a speed of 1,852 MPH and another aircraft set the altitude record by soaring to 118,898 feet .
Lt Viktor Belenko with very low fuel landed his Mig - 25 at Hakodate Airport in northern Japan , running off the end of the short runway .
His defection to the West gave the United States the opportunity to closely examine the Mig - 25 .
The aircraft was completely dismantled and then carefully inspected by aviation scientists and engineers from both Japan and the United States .
President Ford granted Belenko asylum in the United States and the pilot underwent five months of questioning and interrogation .
The United States Government established a Trust Fund for him and the interest alone afforded Belenko very comfortable living in the U.S.
He was a free man , at last , to do as he pleased .
Upon dismantling the Mig - 25 , the data was analyzed by the Foreign Technology Division of the Air Force at Dayton , Ohio .
There were many surprises :
SIMI VALLEY , California ( Reuters ) - Republican Rudy Giuliani and Democrat John Edwards abandoned their failing U.S. presidential bids on Wednesday , narrowing the race in both parties to two main candidates ahead of next week ’s multi-state round of voting .
Giuliani , the one - time front - runner who finished a distant third in Florida ’s Republican primary on Tuesday , traveled to California to endorse Arizona Sen .
John McCain in a hard - fought Republican battle against former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney .
“ Today I am officially announcing my withdrawal as a candidate for president of the United States , ” Giuliani said at the Ronald Reagan presidential library in Simi Valley before a Republican presidential debate .
“ John McCain is the most qualified candidate to be the next commander - in - chief of the United States . ”
Edwards traveled to New Orleans , where he launched his campaign more than a year ago , to make the surprise announcement that he was folding his campaign .
Edwards vowed last week to stay in the race until Tuesday , when almost half the U.S. states vote on candidates for the November election .
The withdrawal of Edwards , who campaigned as the champion of low - and middle - income families , left former first lady Hillary Clinton facing Illinois Sen .
Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination in what seemed likely to be a long , bruising struggle .
“ It is time for me to step aside so that history can blaze its path , ” Edwards , a former North Carolina senator , told supporters in a New Orleans neighborhood devastated by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Regardless of whether Obama or Clinton wins , Democrats will field a history - making ticket , the first time a black or woman has headed a major U.S. political party ’s presidential ticket .
“ We do not know who will take the final steps to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , but what we do know is that our Democratic Party will make history ... and with our convictions and a little backbone we will take back the White House in November , ” Edwards said .
Edwards did not immediately endorse either of his rivals .
The candidates are in the early stages of a state - by - state battle to pick Republican and Democratic presidential nominees .
The winners from the two parties will face off in the November 4 election to succeed President George W. Bush .
Giuliani ’s withdrawal leaves McCain facing a strong challenge from Romney .
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee is still formally in the Republican race but his lack of campaign money and limited appeal beyond Christian conservatives has left him trailing far behind .
Slideshow ( 16 images )
Giuliani did little campaigning in the early voting states , focusing his efforts on producing a strong showing in Florida , the fourth most - populous state with a large number of retirees from the Northeast .
But he finished a disappointing third place , barely above Huckabee .
( Additional reporting by Russell McCulley in New Orleans , Jeff Mason in Denver and Ellen Wulfhorst in Little Rock ; writing by David Alexander ; Editing by John O’Callaghan )
DAVIE , Fla . -- Jeff Ireland has rejoined Bill Parcells to
help revive the Miami Dolphins .
Ireland , who spent the past seven years in player personnel with
the Dallas Cowboys , was hired Wednesday as Dolphins general
manager .
He replaces Randy Mueller , fired Monday after three
seasons with Miami .
Parcells , the Cowboys ' head coach in 2003 - 06 , joined the
Dolphins two weeks ago as executive vice president of football
operations .
" Jeff Ireland certainly was an important part of this
organization , " said Parcells ' successor in Dallas , Wade Phillips .
" Miami has done a smart thing by hiring him .
And Bill was around
him , so he knew what he does . "
Ireland may have input in deciding the fate of Cam Cameron ,
whose job is in jeopardy after going 1 - 15 in his first season as an
NFL head coach .
Cameron met Tuesday with Parcells , but remained
uncertain whether he would be retained .
Ireland , 37 , spent the past three years as Cowboys vice
president of college and pro scouting , and he helped build the team
that won the NFC East this season with a 13 - 3 record .
Before that ,
he was an NFL scout for 11 years .
" I am excited about joining the Dolphins , " Ireland said in a
statement .
" I know the great tradition of the team , and in my mind
they are one of the flagship franchises in the NFL .
They have a
great owner in Wayne Huizenga , who I know is committed to making
the Dolphins into winners once again .
I am looking forward to
working with him and everyone else in Miami to achieve that goal . "
Huizenga flew by helicopter to the team 's training complex to
meet with Ireland and left two hours later , shortly before the
hiring was announced .
Bad personnel decisions over the past decade are a major reason
for the decline of the Dolphins , once a perennial playoff team .
They 're sitting out the postseason for the sixth year in a row , and
only an overtime win against Baltimore last month prevented them
from becoming the NFL 's first 0 - 16 team .
While Ireland is a Texas native who played at Baylor , he decided
to leave Dallas to become a general manager .
" The promotion , I think , was the key thing .
I do n't think he
was going to be moved up to general manager here , " Phillips said
to laughter .
Team owner Jerry Jones holds that title with the Cowboys .
Jones said he could have insisted that Ireland remain with
Dallas until after the draft in April .
But Jones said he was
grateful to Huizenga for allowing Jason Garrett to go from the
Dolphins ' coaching staff to the Cowboys a year ago without
compensation .
" I did n't want Jeff to lose this opportunity , " Jones said .
" Plus , Wayne had the same attitude regarding Jason Garrett ; he
helped us get Jason Garrett in here while he was still under
contract .
Of course , I 've got a good relationship with Bill .
So
this one fits real well .
...
" This is a great opportunity for Jeff .
It is , frankly , a good
opportunity for us .
I want people to see that if they come here and
if they 've got a good opportunity they can advance . "
Ireland began in the NFL as a scout for the National Scouting Combine before joining the Kansas City Chiefs ' personnel department in 1997 .
He was hired by the Cowboys as a national scout in 2001 and was elevated to the vice president 's role three years ago .
Evaluating football talent is certainly part of his bloodlines .
Ireland is the stepson of former Dallas and Kansas City standout linebacker E.J. Holub .
He is the grandson of longtime NFL scout Jim Parmer , a personnel executive who helped to fashion the Chicago Bears ' 1985 championship team .
Of the 53 players on the Cowboys ' roster , 38 were acquired after
Ireland was promoted to vice president of college and pro scouting .
That includes 12 of the 22 starters .
Ireland once said he looks for big , fast , strong , smart players
who have good character and can handle " the pressures of being a
professional athlete . "
The Dolphins said he would hold an
introductory news conference later this week .
Information from ESPN.com senior writer Len Pasquarelli and The Associated Press is included in this report
( I work with little kids and they are always hounding me to tell them stories .
This is a popular favorite .
It is true . )
When my grandmother was a young wife and mother , she became sort of an unofficial hospice worker , a helper to those who were sick or dying and had no family to look after them .
I think this happened by chance - she took care of a few old ladies and word got around that Persis was the one to call if you were old and bedridden and needed someone to bring you soup and tend the chickens .
( My theory is that she was grateful for the chance to spend some time away from the crappy house , abusive husband , and two small daughters she was utterly unprepared to raise . )
She never asked for money .
It was understood that when the sick got well , they 'd pay her whatever they could afford .
It would n't be much - a few dollars , a few eggs , maybe a piglet .
This was a tiny farming community in rural Wisconsin where nobody had much .
But she always received compensation , in one form or another , for her time and for the various unpleasant duties involved in tending very sick people .
Sometimes the sick got well , and sometimes they did n't .
It was commonplace for my grandmother to inherit an entire estate , based on the words " All Left to Persis " scrawled across the back of an envelope .
Not the sort of thing that would work today .
This was a small town where people generally knew and trusted each other , in the 50s , and everyone knew what my grandmother did .
No one ever contested these " wills " - it would have been silly , as what she inherited was usually just enough to cover funeral costs .
A ramshackle farmhouse , a few decrepit cows and chickens , an acre of barren dirt .
Nobody else wanted it anyway .
---
Georgia and Annie Reynolds were spinster sisters .
Annie had been proposed to , in her youth , but Georgia ( the elder and bitchier ) would n't allow it .
She said they had to stick together as family .
Annie said no , the young man went away , and the sisters grew old and bitter , together .
They lived in a slowly deflating farmhouse , some rooms made unusable by collapsed beams or sunken floorboards .
They had a little farmland , which brought them barely enough money to live on and to pay the hired hands .
They each had one dress .
( I have a torn sepia photograph of these two standing outside their farmhouse .
Thin , severe women in dark dresses ; crows .
I can never decide whether they look infinitely fragile or sharp as steel . )
The Reynolds sisters were the official weirdos of the town .
Prim and pinched , they sailed into town for Sunday mass , never speaking to a soul .
They invited themselves to supper at strangers ' houses without warning .
They 'd just show up on a porch , angle their way inside to the table , then sit till they were fed .
They ate in silence , stood and filled their aprons with potatoes , bread , anything portable , and left without a word .
It being a small town , no one wanted to become gossip fodder as the first one to turn away a hungry stranger , so Georgia and Annie 's assuredly obnoxious behavior was never checked .
---
Georgia fell sick , and Annie took care of her until she got too sick herself .
Neither of them could have been over 65 , but they had very thin blankets in a very drafty house in a very cold state , and whatever bug they had , they were just not strong enough to fight .
They sent for Persis .
My grandmother brought soup and blankets .
She did the things she always did .
Put wet cloths on foreheads .
Read aloud from Revelations .
Fed the chickens .
Georgia , the first to take ill , was the first to slip into sightless fever - driven delirium .
She was seeing people who were long dead , calling Persis by all sorts of other names , raving and reaching out to spirits .
My grandmother did what she could .
Cool water and calm words .
Eventually Georgia settled into a murmuring , half - dreaming state .
She smiled to herself , hummed bits of hymns and lullabies , fell asleep , and died .
A few days later Annie worsened as well .
Her fevered ramblings were louder and more insistent than her sister 's .
The tide , she kept saying .
You must find the tide , the tide will take care of you and your girls !
It will keep you safe , it 's more than enough !
Cool water , calm words .
Annie died .
---
As was her habit , my grandmother paid for the funeral expenses out of pocket , then set about sorting through the house to see what could be salvaged and sold to cover the costs .
There was n't much ; the house was no more than an elaborate pile of firewood .
While she was cleaning out a closet full of old newspapers , my grandmother found a few incongruous boxes of detergent .
A couple more in the linen closet .
Six under the sink .
More boxes of detergent in the broom closet .
Tide detergent .
They would all have been pitched into the trash , if one had n't gone " clink . "
My grandmother opened the box and found coins .
Old ones .
She opened another and found silver certificates and war bonds .
Sapphire earrings , wrapped in silk .
A pearl brooch shaped like a bird .
A bracelet dripping with diamonds .
Gold .
Cash .
This all belonged to my grandmother now , by virtue of a little scrap of paper bequeathing the estate to her .
No one had a better claim than she .
With a banker 's help she figured out what to liquidate and what to lock up in a safe deposit box .
She moved the family into a better house , bought everybody in the family a new car , and eventually sent my mother to Europe for the better part of five years .
She bought her daughters each a college education ( a first in her family ) , and rent , and books , and spending money .
And some is still in the bank .
My grandmother was a poor farm wife , often yelled at by her bastard of a husband , appreciated only by strangers .
She never had nice things .
So she kept the jewelry .
It did not go in the safe deposit box ; it went around her neck and wrists .
She was n't ostentatious about it , but I 'm told that for a good ten - year stretch she was always wearing at least one piece of incredibly expensive jewelry , whether waxing the floor or kneading bread .
This is the reason I own a pearl necklace ( where am I ever going to wear that , but I love it ) .
Who knew pearls were so heavy , or that they borrow the heat of the wearer 's neck and grow their own smooth warmth ?
And this is why I own an emerald ring whose single stone is so big it looks gumball - machine fake .
Lavish to the point of being completely useless to me , it 's still my secret pirate treasure .
Who knows why the Reynolds sisters lived like paupers .
Who knows where their wealth came from or why they kept it hidden from the world and from themselves .
Why did they keep themselves hungry ?
Irregular meals and a freezing cold house weakened them and sent them to their graves too soon .
It could have been postponed without spending even a fraction of their weird fortune .
But they owned one dress apiece , lived off the cold potatoes of strangers , and never wore the beautiful jewels that lay sleeping in every corner of their crumbling house .
Except - and this is when , if I 've planned my storytelling well , I raise my left hand and show the kids - except for this .
This is the only piece of jewelry anyone ever saw either of them wear .
It 's Annie 's high school graduation ring .
A simple gold band with a curliqued " ' 06 . "
She was wearing it when she died .
I wear it often .
I think of Annie , and the man she did n't marry , and I resolve to keep myself warm .
Anti-fluoride campaigners say less sugar and more brushing is better
Mr Johnson will say that fluoridation is an " effective and relatively easy way " to reduce tooth decay among children in poorer areas .
Critics say excessive fluoride can cause discolouring of the teeth and pitting of the enamel .
Six million people in England , mainly in the North - east and Midlands , receive water with added fluoride .
But the government is keen to expand that across the country .
It has the support of the British Dental Association , which has argued that targeted water fluoridation would , at a stroke , dramatically improve oral health among the needy .
In an announcement on Tuesday , Mr Johnson will say : " I want the NHS to do much more to prevent rather than just treat disease . "
' Counter - productive '
He will argue that fluoridation will " help address health inequalities , giving children from poorer backgrounds a dental health boost that can last a lifetime " .
The Department of health says children in Manchester , who receive no added fluoride in their water , are twice as likely to have tooth decay as youngsters in Birmingham , where fluoride has been added for four decades .
It is thought the government wants to encourage debate on the subject rather than oblige water companies to act .
In 2003 , MPs approved legislation to make it easier for fluoride to be added to drinking water in England and Wales .
Few water companies have done so for fear of legal action by anti-fluoride campaigners .
Opponents point to studies which have linked high levels of fluoride to bone cancer and brittle bone disease .
They also argue that too much fluoride can be counter - productive , damaging and discolouring enamel in a condition known as fluorosis .
They say reducing sugar intake and regular brushing is far more effective .
suemcc
Offline
    
: Off
p.1 # 1 · p.1 # 1 · Tanzania : lions & impala ( graphic )
Warning :
These photos are graphic depictions of lions killing an impala in Tanzania .
Although they are images of the natural world , they may be upsetting .
Please use your best personal judgment as to whether to view the images .
( I will post similar warnings in the future , when the content of the photos may be disturbing . )
While visiting the Katavi National Park in southwestern Tanzania , we watched a lioness essentially herd a male impala into the mud , where he became mired .
The lioness walked over to the impala and stepped on him for a while .
A short time later she was joined be a male lion , and she began the process of killing the impala by strangulation .
# 1 The lioness strangles the impala while the male begins to open the impala 's belly through the groin area .
Hippos were often quite curious ( and perhaps even concerned ) about the victims of lion kills .
http://www.stanford.edu/~suemcc/tanzania/lions/0068.jpg
# 2 A closer look at the early stages of the kill .
http://www.stanford.edu/~suemcc/tanzania/lions/0161.jpg
# 3 A fight broke out between the lion and the lioness over ownership of the impala .
http://www.stanford.edu/~suemcc/tanzania/lions/0147.jpg
# 4 The lion won ...
http://www.stanford.edu/~suemcc/tanzania/lions/0148.jpg
# 5 The male drags the impala away from the lioness .
Alas , the impala was not yet dead , as was apparent from the light in his eyes and the fact that he was still struggling while being carried away .
http://www.stanford.edu/~suemcc/tanzania/lions/0096.jpg
# 6 The lion 's power is apparent as he drags the impala over about a hundred yards .
http://www.stanford.edu/~suemcc/tanzania/lions/0194.jpg
# 7 The poor impala is still alive .
http://www.stanford.edu/~suemcc/tanzania/lions/0198.jpg
# 8 Finally , the male settles down and finishes the job .
We were relieved when finally the impala was out of its misery .
http://www.stanford.edu/~suemcc/tanzania/lions/0247.jpg
Edited by suemcc on Nov 11 , 2007 at 05:23 PM GMT
These photos are graphic depictions of lions killing an impala in Tanzania .
Although they are images of the natural world , they may be upsetting .
Please use your best personal judgment as to whether to view the images .
( I will post similar warnings in the future , when the content of the photos may be disturbing . )
While visiting the Katavi National Park in southwestern Tanzania , we watched a lioness essentially herd a male impala into the mud , where he became mired .
The lioness walked over to the impala and stepped on him for a while .
A short time later she was joined be a male lion , and she began the process of killing the impala by strangulation .
#1
The lioness strangles the impala while the male begins to open the impala 's belly through the groin area .
Hippos were often quite curious ( and perhaps even concerned ) about the victims of lion kills .
#2
A closer look at the early stages of the kill .#3
A fight broke out between the lion and the lioness over ownership of the impala .
#4
The lion won ...#5
The male drags the impala away from the lioness .
Alas , the impala was not yet dead , as was apparent from the light in his eyes and the fact that he was still struggling while being carried away .
#6
The lion 's power is apparent as he drags the impala over about a hundred yards .
#7
The poor impala is still alive .#8
Finally , the male settles down and finishes the job .
We were relieved when finally the impala was out of its misery .
Edited by suemcc on Nov 11 , 2007 at 05:23 PM GMT
Nov 11 , 2007 at 09:08 PM
Updates – I ’ve got it all fitting in 64 k* .
It ’s amazing how many functions that do n’t do anything you can come across if you look around long enough .
Not to mention how many little things you can trim out that do n’t actually do anything .
I have no idea where all this cruft comes from , but having a nice suite of tests sure is helpful for re-working stuff .
I also cut out a bunch of stupid features nobody would ever use **.
I was able to reduce the number of native types from 9 to 7 .
One of the challenges I faced was trying to fix up the incremental garbage collection .
My initial implementation was rather inefficient and caused some odd problems with how I wanted to code things .
I was using a dict to store all the “ white ” items , which caused loads of dict hash lookups .
So in my mind I crafted a grand vision on how to accomplish this goal .
I would adjust all objects ( sans numbers ) to contain a pointer to some data which would have some header data for the GC to do some bookkeeping in .
Great !
However , when I implemented this , I found that a number of problems presented themselves : I had to perform a malloc for each and every string that I used , which killed performance , actually making things 2 - 3 x slower .
I also noticed that the weird struct I defined was maybe a bit less standards compliant .
This attempt was a wash .
So I re-crafted my grand vision .
This time I would do the same thing .
Brilliant are n’t I ?
Anyway , the results were basically the same .
Who ’d ’ve thunk ?
It was slower again , this time I was quite confused by it , since I had worked around some of the string issues .
I also found that the API for creating new strings was n’t quite as “ clean ” as my original simple one .
This caused some issues in the exception handling mechanism .
I had to toss this try as well .
At this point , having re-mangled the code twice and having poor results , I suspected something else might be wrong .
My brain was turning into mush .
Each time I had completely edited my “ tp.h ” with all my struct changes in one go .
I decided to make a final attempt at reworking tinypy , this time * one* data type at a time .
After each data type I added I was able to see if my changes caused any performance issues .
I found that my function data type was the culprit .
My hashing function ( borrowed from lua ) was n’t getting enough entropy and was generating massive collision cases !
A few tweaks later , this was resolved .
I was able to also craft the string interface to be backwards compatible with the original string interface while also working with the new garbage collection .
This “ step by step ” approach got me to my goal .
All said and done , with a bit more tweaking , I was able to * double * the speed of tinypy 🙂
Lesson learned – even if it ’s only 64 k , it ’s better to do changes step by step instead of in one big go .
valgrind and callgrind are your friends .
( Although I found that tinypy does n’t entirely agree with callgrind … ideas anyone ? )
To wrap up this excessively long post about me trying to get code to work — this weekend I ’m hosting a Ludum Dare warmup compo .
I ’m going to give tinypy a run in the “ real world ” .
Here ’s to hoping !
Next week I plan on releasing the 1.0 version of tinypy .
I ’m also thinking about renaming some of my files .
And although pylang , dumbparse , and dump2vm have a certain rustic charm , I wonder if I ’d do better with names like goat , gorilla , and sausage .
Or maybe more descriptive names like tokenator , parsalizer , and bytecodatron .
svn://www.imitationpickles.org/tinypy/trunk for the brave .
If you want a zip or an exe , check back in a week .
I ’ll have all those and more ( a game ! )
Note that I ’ve split the SDL dependency out of the main tinypy code .
tinypy - sdl.c lets you run my julia .py example .
The bootstrapping process also has a final step of compiling with - O3 , which I think might not work for everyone .
It gives pretty good speed gains on my system , so if it works for you , great !
* python mk64 k . py will do a bit of search - n - replace to cut it down to size .
I ’ve resisted doing anything really ghastly , the code is still indented and readable .
See README . txt for more disgusting details on how I cheat to pretend this is 64k .
** Okay , I ’ve used some of those features .
But hey , this is a 64 k implementation , I ’ve got to trim the fat .
Obama would have won South Carolina even if only 18 % of the voters were black .
I used these pieces of data of estimate the candidates ’ results had the African American turnout been much lower :
With 99 % reporting :
Obama had 55 % ( 295,091 )
Clinton had 27 % ( 141,128 )
Edwards had 18 % ( 93,552 )
And Exit Poll Data :
55 % of Democrat primary voters were African American breakdown : Obama:78 % , Clinton :19 % , Edwards : 2 %
45 % were white or other breakdown : Obama : 24 % , Clinton :36 % , Edwards :40 %
This leads to an estimate of 529,771 total voters ( for the top 3 ) , of which 291,374 were cast by African Americans and 238,397 were cast by whites ( and others ) .
If we assume the total number of white voters is constant and reduce the black turnout ( but keeping the same candidate distribution ) , then we can estimate what the results would have been had the black voter turnout been much lower .
In fact , the turnout could have been as low as 18 % , and Obama would have still won !
It would be sad to see the Clintons or media spin or suggest Obama ’s good showing in South Carolina as solely due to the very strong African American turnout or the unique demographics in SC .
Even in states with an average number of African Americans ( and the same candidate breakdown * ) , Obama would still have won .
Given that a vast majority of African Americans vote for democrats , and about half the US voters are democrats , and overall about 12 % of the population is African American , then 18% - 20 % is a decent estimate for the total fraction of Democrats voting in a democrat primary .
*( Note : this assumption that there will be the same candidate breakdown in future states is of course not true , since Edwards ’ support will not likely get any better than it was in his home state of South Carolina .
The big question is : does Edwards take away votes from Clinton or Obama ? )
Interestingly , Clinton was the most race - neutral candidate .
She had steady support ( 20 % of black voters and 36 % of white voters ) , while Edwards had very strong white support ( 40 % of white voters ) and almost no black support ( 2 % of black voters ) .
Thus , if the black turnout was only 18 % , then it would have been a virtual dead heat with all candidates getting about 33 % ( but Obama getting slightly more ) .
Also , Clinton would not have won at any of the black - turnout levels .
In the 2004 Democrat Primaries in South Carolina , 47 % of the voters were black , and in this primary , 55 % of the voters were black .
So , even with average black turnout in South Carolina , the vote would have still favored Obama by a very large margin .
( CNN ) --
A member of the group dubbed the " Jena 6 " is facing misdemeanor assault charges after a fight at his Texas high school Wednesday , police said Thursday .
Bryant Purvis was arrested after a fight Wednesday at his Texas high school , police said .
Bryant Purvis , 19 , was arrested after the incident at Hebron High School in Carrollton , Texas .
Carrollton police Sgt. John Singleton told CNN the altercation does not appear to be racially motivated .
School officials contacted police about the fight Wednesday morning .
An 18 - year - old student told authorities two males approached him and asked if he had flattened the tires of " their homeboy 's " car , according to an affidavit supporting the arrest warrant .
The student said he did n't , but the two told him they did n't believe him and walked away .
Purvis , he said , approached him from behind immediately afterward , then grabbed him with one hand and began to choke him .
" Purvis continued to choke [ the student ] and told him , ' Do n't you ever mess with my car again , ' " the affidavit said .
" Purvis then pushed his head into the seating area of the bench , " causing the student to strike his left eye , then walked away .
The affidavit said that in a written statement , Purvis wrote , " I walked over to him and grabbed him by his neck , then told him not to mess with my car anymore , then I left . "
Do n't Miss Man faces charges over Jena march nooses
Man faces charges over Jena march nooses
In Depth : The ' Jena 6 '
Police reported the student had marks on his neck and bruising on his eye .
A municipal judge set Purvis ' bond at $ 1,000 , and he was transferred to the Denton County Detention Facility , Singleton said .
Purvis is one of six former students in Jena , Louisiana , accused of being involved in the beating of a white student .
He initially was charged with second - degree attempted murder and conspiracy , but charges against him were reduced in November to second - degree aggravated battery .
He is awaiting trial in that case .
Civil rights leaders Martin Luther King III and Al Sharpton led more than 15,000 marchers to Jena -- a town of about 3,000 -- in September to protest how authorities handled the cases against Purvis and the five others accused in the December 2006 beating of fellow student Justin Barker .
After his arraignment in November , Purvis told reporters he had moved to another town to complete high school .
E-mail to a friend
Home >
News >
Boston Globe >
Ideas Eggheads
How bird brains are shaking up science
THE NEW CALEDONIAN crow is surprisingly smart about its food .
Its favorite insects live in tiny crevices that are too narrow for its beak .
So the crow takes a barbed leaf and , using its beak and claws , fashions a primitive hook .
It then lowers the hook down into the cracks , almost like a man fishing , and draws up a rich meal .
Some scientists even suggest that crows are more sophisticated tool builders than chimps , since they can transmit their knowledge on to successive generations and improve the tools over time .
These birds have a culture .
The world lost its most famous bird brain this month : Alex , an African gray parrot who lived in a Brandeis laboratory and possessed a vocabulary of nearly 150 words .
Yet as remarkable as Alex was - he could identify colors and shapes - he was not alone .
The songs of starlings display a sophisticated grammar once thought the sole domain of human thinking .
A nutcracker can remember the precise location of hundreds of different food storage spots .
And crows in Japan have learned how to get people to crack walnuts for them :
They drop them near busy intersections , then retrieve the smashed nuts when the traffic light turns red .
These feats are part of a growing recognition of the genius of birds .
Scientists are now studying various birds to explore everything from spatial memory to the grammatical structure of human language .
This research is helping to reveal the secrets of the human brain .
But it is also overturning the conventional evolutionary story of intelligence , in which all paths lead to the creation of the human cortex .
The tree of life , scientists are discovering , has numerous branches of brilliance .
" It used to be that people would only talk about intelligence in terms of primates , " says Nicola Clayton , a professor of comparative psychology at the University of Cambridge .
" But now I think that birds have achieved a sort of honorary ape status , just with a few feathers attached . "
The intelligence of birds , which sit far from man on the evolutionary tree , has also forced a reappraisal of where intelligence comes from .
Scientists once assumed that intelligence evolved out of physical need - animals got smart in order to exploit natural resources .
But the brainpower of birds suggests that intelligence is actually a byproduct of complex social interactions .
Living in a group requires an animal to juggle lots of information about its peers .
So it 's not a coincidence that the smartest creatures are also the most social .
Crows , for example , live in strikingly human social structures .
They are devoted to their families , but can assemble in much larger flocks if resources are sufficient .
African grays follow a similar pattern , roosting at night with hundreds of other birds , but foraging during the day with an intimate group of kin .
These intricate social structures mean that many birds are subject to the same social challenges as primates .
It is these challenges , the research suggests , that make them so smart .
. . .
For most of the 20th century , " bird brain " has been used as an insult .
Noting the stark structural differences between human and bird brains , anatomists concluded that birds are essentially flying reptiles .
Their minds were too tiny for thought .
But in recent years , scientists have discovered that the bird brain does n't deserve its reputation .
In 2005 , Alex wowed many scientists when he began spontaneously using the word " none " to represent a rudimentary conception of zero .
He also enjoyed inventing new words for things : he referred to almonds as " cork nuts , " since the texture of the nut resembles that of a wine cork .
An apple was a " banerry , " a combination of two of his favorite other fruits , bananas and cherries .
" All of these cognitive abilities were n't supposed to be possible in birds , " says Dr. Irene Pepperberg , the scientist who worked with Alex .
" But Alex showed us just what a bird brain is capable of . "
The first aspect of bird intelligence scientists studied was birdsong .
Charles Darwin compared the early vocalizations of young songbirds with the babbling of human infants , noting that both species went through a period of intense vocal learning .
In the early 1970s , Fernando Nottebohm , a neuroscientist at Rockefeller University , wanted to understand how certain songbirds managed to learn new melodies every year .
As Nottebohm notes , birds are the only other species that " attempts vocally to do anything like what we do . "
Perhaps , he wondered , the impressive learning abilities of songbirds could be used to understand aspects of the human mind .
Nottebohm 's search for the source of birdsong led him to discover something entirely unexpected .
In order for birds to learn new songs , they have to generate new brain cells .
At the time , this was a radical idea .
Neuroscientists believed that virtually all animal brains - and certainly the human brain - stopped creating new brain cells shortly after birth .
But Nottebohm showed that up to 1 percent of the neurons in the song center of their brains were created anew , every day .
Other researchers , including Elizabeth Gould of Princeton , later extended Nottebohm 's data to a long list of other species , including great apes and humans .
The research that began with a canary 's melody is now being used to help develop potential treatments for a wide range of human illnesses , from Parkinson 's disease to spinal cord injuries .
" These little birds overturned one of the big dogmas of neuroscience , " Nottebohm says .
Timothy Gentner , a neuroscientist at the University of California at San Diego , is using European starlings to overturn another deeply held scientific idea : that only humans are capable of learning complex grammatical patterns .
According to research published last year in the scientific journal Nature , songbirds can be trained to distinguish a system of " warbles " and " rattles " that share the same underlying structure as a human sentence .
Some saw the surprising results as a refutation of the position , advanced by scientists such as Noam Chomsky , that the human mind is uniquely designed to deal with such grammar .
While Chomsky dismissed the study as having " nothing to do with language , " Gentner believes that starlings reveal " the deep biological roots of human language . "
The grammatical skills of male songbirds are driven by their elaborate social interactions with females .
" The goal of a singing starling is to find a mate , " Gentner says .
" They make their songs more and more complex in order to impress the females .
The ability to learn these grammatical patterns grew out of that .
It 's like a cognitive version of the peacock 's tail . "
Similar social pressures have driven other aspects of avian intelligence .
Many birds store vast quantities of food in various hiding spots , which they later recover when food is scarce .
( Clark 's nutcracker , for example , is able to store more than 30,000 seeds in hundreds of hiding spots over a 12 - square - mile area .
No primate can match this . )
The problem with stored food , however , is that it 's easy to steal .
As a result , many birds regularly re-hide their food if they suspect other birds have observed their original spots .
This suspicious behavior depends on a very impressive feat of social intelligence , which had never before been observed outside primates .
Nicola Clayton and Nathan Emery , another researcher at the University of Cambridge , showed in 2001 that only western scrub jays that had previously stolen food from other birds would always re-hide their food .
Jays that had never stolen before did n't worry about being stolen from .
" These birds are projecting their experience of being a thief onto other birds , " Clayton says .
" They are thinking ' Well , I 've stolen food , so this guy might too . '
It 's a form of mental simulation . "
Such cognitive skills require a big brain .
In fact , the brains of crows and some parrots are roughly the same size as the chimpanzee brain relative to body size .
These avian brains are also enlarged in areas that approximate the primate prefrontal cortex , a region that underwent a great expansion during human evolution .
But these broad similarities are the exception to the rule .
For the most part , the clustered anatomy of the bird brain is organized very differently from the layered anatomy of the primate brain .
For scientists , that 's part of what makes the bird brain so fascinating .
It 's a different anatomical solution to the same evolutionary problem of how to live as a social species .
This suggests that some rarefied aspects of human intelligence , such as tool use and the ability to imagine what other minds are thinking , have actually evolved independently in birds .
In the history of life , the primate brain and bird brain diverged hundreds of millions of years ago ; birds are direct descendants of dinosaurs .
Yet the unfolding research into avian intelligence shows that humans have much to learn from birds .
Among the lessons : that we , like birds , are smart because we have to deal with each other .
Jonah Lehrer is an editor at large at Seed magazine .
His first book , " Proust Was a Neuroscientist , " will be published in November .
© Copyright 2007 Globe Newspaper Company .
VIDEO : Watch crows making tools More from Boston.com
Advertisement SEARCH THE ARCHIVES All Globe stories since 2003 are now FREE More search options Advertisement Advertisement
IBM scientists , in collaboration with the University of Regensburg in Germany , are the first ever to measure the force it takes to move individual atoms on a surface .
This fundamental measurement provides important information for designing future atomic - scale devices : computer chips , miniaturized storage devices , and more .
Some twenty years ago at IBM ’s Almaden Research Center in San Jose , in a small lab packed with high - tech equipment in the hills of Silicon Valley , IBM Fellow Don Eigler achieved a landmark in mankind ’s ability to build small structures .
On September 29 , 1989 he demonstrated the ability to manipulate individual atoms with atomic - scale precision , and went on to write I - B - M with individual Xenon atoms , an event likened to the Wright brothers ’ first flight at Kitty Hawk .
Now , a new crop of researchers in that same lab – with help from the University of Regensburg –have taken the extraordinary step of measuring the tiny forces needed to manipulate the atoms .
These findings will be published in the February 22 issue of Science magazine .
Understanding the force necessary to move specific atoms on specific surfaces is one of the keys to designing and constructing the small structures that will enable future nanotechnologies .
The problem is akin to what scientists and engineers needed to learn about construction at macroscopic sizes many decades ago .
For example , building a modern bridge would be impossible without first measuring the strength of different materials , understanding the relevant forces , and comprehending how everything interacts .
In the nanotechnology realm , to make structures that you want to remain rigidly in place you would use strongly bonded ( “ sticky ” ) atoms while for groups of atoms that need to move you would use atoms held in place only by weak chemical bonds .
“ This result provides fundamental information about atomic scale fabrication and could pave the way for new data storage and memory devices , ” said Andreas Heinrich , lead scientist in the scanning tunneling microscopy lab at the IBM Almaden Research Center .
“ Our mission is to create the foundation for what could someday be called the IBM nanoconstruction company . ”
In the paper , “ The Force Needed to Move an Atom on a Surface , ” the scientists show that the force required to move a cobalt atom over a smooth platinum surface is 210 piconewtons , while moving a cobalt atom over a copper surface takes only 17 piconewtons .
To put this in perspective , the force required to lift a copper penny that weighs just three grams is nearly 30 billion piconewtons – 2 billion times greater than the force to move a single cobalt atom over a copper surface .
advertisement
This knowledge will enable a deeper understanding of the atomic - scale processes at the heart of future nanotechnology endeavors , furthering progress toward nanoscale computing and medical devices .
The well - known trend in computer hardware – the exponentially increasing number of ever - shrinking transistors that can be placed on an integrated circuit – is commonly known as Moore ’s Law .
Shrinking the transistors allows them to use less power while having higher speed and lower cost .
One of the IT industry ’s most pressing challenges is to find designs and manufacturing methods that will allow the industry to continue making these devices smaller and smaller .
Miniaturizing these devices to the ultimate limit – the scale of just a few atoms – requires radically new designs and manufacturing methods .
The ability to measure the force it takes to move an atom provides a new window into the workings of atom - by - atom construction and operation for future nanodevices .
Understanding the Force to Move an Atom
Half a century ago , Nobel Laureate Richard Feynman asked what would happen if we could precisely position individual atoms at will .
This dream has since become reality and nowadays “ atom manipulation ” is used widely in research to build , probe and manipulate objects at the scale of individual atoms .
However , the fundamental question – “ how much force does it take to move an atom on a surface ? ” – had eluded experimental access until now .
In the paper , the researchers describe their use of a sensitive atomic force microscope ( AFM ) to measure both the strength and direction of the force exerted on an atom or molecule on a surface using a sharp metal tip to move the atom .
The team discovered that the force varies dramatically depending on the material used for the surface .
The amount of force also changes greatly when a small molecule is used instead of a single atom .
This latest milestone combines an incredibly sensitive force measurement with the extreme precision and stability needed to move atoms .
This work builds on IBM ’s long history in atomic force microscopy : the AFM was introduced by Nobel Laureate and IBM Fellow Gerd Binnig , IBM scientist Christoph Gerber and Stanford Professor Calvin Quate over 20 years ago .
The AFM uses a sharp tip mounted on a flexible beam – akin to a tiny diving board – to measure the interaction between the tip and the atoms on a surface .
In the present work , the flexible beam was actually a miniature quartz tuning fork of the type commonly found in clocks and wrist watches .
When the tip is positioned close to an atom on the surface , the frequency of the tuning fork changes slightly .
The frequency change can be analyzed to determine the force exerted on the atom .
“ It is amazing to see how this tool , which at its heart uses the tuning fork of an everyday wrist watch , can be used to measure forces between individual atoms , ” said Professor Franz Giessibl of the University of Regensburg .
View video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUq2bQkL1zo
There was a time when everyone paid for their own health care .. for all of it .
This meant that most folks did n't have the services of a doctor .
They had various things fading to the present from the past .. shamans , midwives , witches , healers and all manner of folks interested in healing in primitive ways .
As the industrial age emerged , medicine grew apace as a profession .
Increasingly , the land owning classes and the nuveau riche enlisted the services of increasingly scientific medical professionals .
The masses began , slowly , to find their own modern medical providers as well .
We 've endless heart warming stories of doctors in horse drawn carriages and early automobiles making house calls on patients in small town America .
All , again , paid out of pocket .
This was limiting .
A working class family , after all , could only pay so much ; and rich clients were scarce and reserved for the well known , successful doctors .
It would be nice to have something to enhance the incomes of ordinary physicians .
The answer was Blue Cross .
This was a medical insurance plan founded for the benefit of the American Medical Association and their members .
The AMA is the professional association of US doctors .
With medical insurance , the possibilities were more limitless than anyone could have imagined .
With the pooling of risks implicit in an insurance program , individuals would happily undergo any promising treatments covered by their policies .
This opened vistas .
Armed with a reservoir of dollars pledged by fellow insurance clients , patients could now try new options for improved treatment .
The Second World War helped too .
With wage controls in place to keep inflation in check , manufacturers began offering health care benefits -- health insurance .
These perks escaped government controls and became a popular method of luring workers in a very tight wartime labor market .
This was the beginning of employer health benefits .
The problem , finally , was profit .
Health insurance was a for profit industry .
Indeed , it had proved to be the magic elixer which would induce customers to opt for procedures they could never otherwise afford , increasing incomes for doctors , hospitals , drug companies and all manner of health care industry providers .
The situation was complicated by the fact that employers paid the premiums , and generally did n't heavily resist increases until much later when crisis cost level increases became common .
Insurance driven health care was a perfect " cost plus " industry .
The ultimate payers for the health care were employers , not customers , Health care premiums were part of employment contracts .
Cost incrases were easy to pass along
One needed new machines ( like the one that goes " ping " ) , new drugs , new surgeries , new research , more hospital beds and on and on .
Each new investment ( done at great cost since health care is all important ) , justified new charges and new health industry earnings .
Finally , it simply got out of control .
As early as 5 or more years ago , General Motors and Ford called for national health care .
They could no longer afford to pay health care costs for employers -- particularly since their competitors around the globe had government funded , single payer health care .
The USA does not .
The employers carried it all .
Now , with Globalization , US companies compete directly with the rest of the world which has national health care .
Under national health care schemes , there is not cost plus push to raise investment in drugs , doctors ' incomes , hospital fees , testing and myriad other services to maximize profits .
The goal is rational , effective , cost efficient health care for everyone .
Our system is profit maximizing health care with nearly no cost oversight .
Current proposals for " universal " health care do not invoke ' single provider ' , or government based health care probrams .
This is n't surprising .
We have a multi-billion dollar a year health insurance and health provider industry all reliant on private insurance .
Private insurance companies add nothing whatever .
They simply do ( badly ) what single provider ( government owned ) systems do .
The outlook is not good .
Such reform as we shall have -- and we shall have some -- will simply add government payments to the private , cost plus , insurance , health , drug industry .
All of this will result in even more money tossed at a grasping , out of control industry group .
For those who argue that single provider health care will cost too much and be inefficient , let them refute this : the US already pays more per capita for health care than any other nation on the planet , and we 're at best in the middle of the pack on standard public heath metrics ( life expectancy , birth rate survival , etc. ) .
The money is spent , but unwisely , on disease treatment rather than prevention , and only on the section of insured Americans -- not on the vast millions without any coverage whatever .
We shall fail with health reform , again because we 've wedded ourselves to the " free market " , the most brutal and unfair system the Enlightenment ever thought up .
How to Draw SteamPunk Machines
Mission :
The purpose of this web page is not to teach you how to draw .
I will not be going though the technique , perspective , color , line weight , software , or any of the stuff you can easily surf up .
This page is to inform artists who want to draw steampunk machines but do n't quite understand how steam works .
The focus is to add enough elements to your drawings , to make your steampunk machines more believable .
Validation :
I feel that too often , steampunk designs are too fancy .
They go too cool and end up loosing the all important look & feel of old tech steampunk .
I think that it is important to state that I make real working steampunk machines / robots for a hobby .
My steam site : Crabfu SteamWorks , contains lots of miniature , real working , live - steam machines .
There has been overwhelming media coverage of my work , probably because I took it from the fake sci - fi movie magic , into the real world .
Through experience and trial and error , I 've learned not only to make something look like it would work , but actually does work .
Disclaimer :
I am an animator and concept artist by trade .
However , I do n't think my art is really so great that it deserves a " how to " .
My devotion to my live steam hobby however , lends my steampunk designs a level of authenticity that often lacks in steampunk art .
Therefore , this is just a quick explanation of parts , and how to draw and design a machine that " looks " convincing .
Please keep in mind that these are super simple explanations of different components of live steam , and steam buffs will probably will tear these descriptions to pieces :)
I feel that it is important to get the basic idea without having to go into dry and boring detail .
By no means am I an expert in steam engines .
This info is taken from my personal experience working on small scale live - steam engines .
Most of the examples below are found on model engines , which works off of the same basic principle as the big ones .
This is also just a guide .
There are no set rules for concept art .
You just make whatever appeals to you .
In other words .... this is steam for artists , not really to educate you in details of steam power ! :)
However , it is important to understand some fundamentals of steam power , in order to make your drawings look believable , as something that could have been built in Victorian times .
First you have to understand steam , and how it works by looking at each part of the machine .
Steam Power Components
Boiler :
The boiler is usually cylindrical and long .
The purpose of it is to boil water , pretty simple concept :)
Most boilers have flues , which just means inside is a bunch of tubes for the fire to heat & boil the water fast .
Sometimes they have a camel dome looking thing on top .
Steam pipe should be drawn on top of the boiler , where steam comes out .
However , sometimes the steam pipe comes out of the boiler , and get fed through the fire again , this is called superheater .
In this case , the steam pipe can come out elsewhere visually .
Anyway , to keep it simple , make pipes coming out of the top of the boiler .
The " smoke stack " usually comes out of the boiler to one end .
The reason for the stack is to vent the fire , as one end of the boiler is fired .
Often steam exhaust from the boiler goes into the stack , the force of the steam shooting out of it , helps drawl the fire more inside the flues .
Boilers usually have a stack somewhere , size and shape of the stack varies a lot .... another words , sketch whatever shape and size stack looks best , to balance out the design .
Burner / Fuel
Heat /
Fire can be generated in a variety of ways .
This usually evolves the fuel source being coal , gas , or anything that can burn really hot .
With coal , you need to design an area which the coal is fed into , with a door .
You also need to design an area for someone to fed the coal / wood , as well as a supply of coal / tender .
With gas , you need to draw up some design of the burner mechanism , usually sticks out of the burner a bit .
The fuel supply for gas can be a container , of any shape ( although most everything is cylindrical ) , with pipes going into the burner , connected to the bottom of the boiler .
Gas mixes with air in the process , and the amount of fire can be controlled by valves on the gas tank , as well as the amount of air is mixed for the fire .
Engine
There are a variety of different types of steam engines .
They basically are just pistons in which steam pushes , and in a variety of ways via linkages , all end up with an axle spinning in a circular motion .
Without going into steam engines in detail , here are the basics of how to draw them .
Draw a cylinder , ( piston is inside and not visible ) .
Shapes is basically a big cylinder with a small long cylinder coming out of it .
Steam is piped through the cylinder to push the piston in and out .
If it is double acting ( pushes both in and out ) then it usually contains a box like shape on the cylinder .
This is for another link connected to the shaft to open and close valves to allow the steam to fed though each end of the cylinder - pushes piston out , and pushes in when it gets to the end of the travel .
So to put it simply , cylinder , with a box on the side .
Some steam engines can be reversed .
There are three ways that this can work :
1 ) Engine can be reserved by linkages to change how the steam is piped in by a Stephenson 's linkage , which usually looks like some sort of lever , complex looking linkages , with an arc piece that guides the lever .
2 ) For double cylinders , a valve can reverse the direction of the steam flow , and therefore the engine runs backwards .
3 ) clutch driven , the engines only runs in one direction , but with the use of gears , the drive shaft can be reversed .
Flywheel
This is usually a large heavy wheel , and it does have a purpose .
The flywheel keeps the momentum going , otherwise the engine runs sporadically and can stall .
Flywheels are always attached to the shaft that the pistons drive .
You do n't absolutely need a flywheel , but it makes the engine run a lot smoother .
Oiler / displacement lubricator
These things are just what it sounds like , they lubricate .
They are usually attached , or very close to the engine .
They can be right on the cylinder area or on the pipe going into the engine .
They provide oil & lubrication for the pistons inside of the cylinder .
They can be cylinder shaped container , or a manual hand pump .
None of this is all that important in drawing steampunk machine , all you have to remember are these shapes : Cylindrical for the cylinders ( duh ) , boxes attached to cylinders with pipe , levers & valves near the engines , and flywheel .
Governor
Cool looking device .... usually 2 spinning balls powered by the main shaft of the engine .
The purpose to control the amount of steam going into the engine .
Usually a pulley is attached from the engine shaft to this device .
When the engine spins up , it spins the governor , and the centripetal force makes the balls fly out .
This action causes a mechanism to pull up a linkage , which restricts the amount of steam that is piped into the engine .
This device is must be straight up in order to function properly , and connected between the engine shaft , and the steam inlet to the engine .
Condenser
The condenser traps the oily steam exhaust from the engine .
Engine exhaust is fed into it , allowing oily water to be trapped inside and condensed , only letting clean steam out .
The steam exhaust from the condenser can then be fed into the main stack on the boiler , giving it that classic look - steam out of the main stack , however , it can be fed into any stack .
This is not absolutely necessary component , but without it , things could get quite messy and covered in oil .
Anyway , another easy part to draw , just another cylinder .
Valves
Valves Valves are just cool , especially when there are lots of it .
Hand operated valves controls a variety of things , but basically it stops or lets steam through .
Safety Valve :
This is just a safety mechanism , so when the pressure within the boiler gets too high , it will vent out steam to prevent an boiler explosion .
This is attached to the boiler , up high as it needs to let steam out , not water :)
It can be vented to the stack .
Water Sight Glass
This is just a way for you to see how much water is in the boiler .
If the boiler runs dry and still firing , it will fail .
Sight glass can either be a window , or a glass tube .
Water pump / tank
Water pumps and water tanks are used to pump water into the boiler while it is steaming .
Pumps can be manual hand pumps , or connected to an engine ( uses the power of the engine to pump the water ) .
It takes water from a reservoir , and feed it into the boiler .... hopefully at the same rate that the engine is using up , maintaining water level .
This is not absolutely necessary , but prolongs the duration of the run , especially if the boiler is small .
Gauges
Pressure gauges shows how much pressure is present .
These are little analog dials , pretty easy to draw , and does n't have much variety .
They are basically sensors for pressure within the boiler , or how much is feeding though etc .
Insulation
Insulation is most commonly found with marine applications .
Insulation is just ways of trying to minimize heat loss .
These can be applied to boilers , pipes , and cylinders .
Wood lagging is the coolest looking , and I draw them often , they just give it a old tech look and feel .
Of course modern insulation can be used , almost anything that can retain heat .
Pipes are often covered with rope or coated with a white substance , in which I have no idea what it is made of :)
Gears
Gears , lots and lots of them .
Small engines needs to be geared down quite a bit .
Lots of gears just looks cool anyway , but make sure that you are gearing down by drawing little gears to big gears .
Old gears are usually spoked , sometimes curved spokes .
High pressure can drive pistons straight to wheels , as with locomotives .
Sprocket / Chain
Sprockets and chains are good for driving something far from the engine .
They are also more forgiving than gears , as they do n't need to be exactly right on to work ( I use lots of it in my steambots ) .
However , sprockets and chains are easier to fail , they can derail .
Linkages
look right , not really work right .
To make linkages look right , you need to put in some thought , especially the if the linkage is big and a focal point .
Linkages basically just transfer circular motion to something else :)
The master of linkages can be found at There are a variety of linkages .... for a drawing to be convincing , they just need toright , not reallyright .
To make linkages look right , you need to put in some thought , especially the if the linkage is big and a focal point .
Linkages basically just transfer circular motion to something else :)
The master of linkages can be found at mechanicalspider.com
Levers Levers can control a lot of things .
Clutches , engaging and disengaging gears , steam flow , etc .
Draw lots of them for the operator .... remember , just make them look right , do n't worry about what each lever might do .
Whistles Steam whistles are attached to boilers , or at least some piping coming off the boiler .
Steam is forced through it via some sort of a lever ( often a pull chain type ) and makes that classic steam whistle .
The bigger it is , the deeper it sounds , but the more steam is used up .
Examples of some amazing scale traction engine :
Ok so now I know each c omponent , where do I start ?
Remember the basic shapes and design of the parts above ( most everything is cylindrical in shape ) .
Surf up each part above , and collect images of components , as well as old steam locomotives & vehicles for reference .
Once you are familiar with the parts , you can then free sketch at will , but always use the references to keep it authentic and believable .
Fist , come up with ideas .
Plan out what you want it to be , a biped robot ?
a car ?
a tank ?
a multi legged walking machine ?
Do n't under estimate " character " .
Add some personality or character to you machines , even if it is inanimate .
The # 1 goal should be a well designed , balanced , and eye catching machine .
Worry about how it works after you have some rough sketches and shapes of something compelling , otherwise it 's not worth the effort .
I can't stress this point enough .
Work loose first , even if you decide the finish project will be detailed and well rendered .
I usually prefer the loose and lazy way , just flop it down and call it good , as long as you get the feeling and idea across , you do n't always need to carefully draw out each teeth of a gear - the human mind is really good at connecting and making sense of just a couple of lines .
However , you can go as detail as you like , it is only a stylistic choice .
For the purposes of demonstration , I have provided simple mechanics , of a wheeled steam machine below .
What is it ?
heck if I know ....
Lay out the boiler first as it is the biggest , and heaviest part .
Pay attention to weight and center of gravity .
Boilers are filled with water , and well constructed , therefore they are very heavy .
They can be vertical , horizontal , or even at an angle .
Make room for some sort of a firebox or burner .
Whatever chassis you have , should support the weight of something really heavy .
Next , draw up some cylinders .... almost everything on steampunk machines are cylindrical in shape .... from gears , condensers , fuel tank , water reservoir , shafts , axles etc ....
Learn how to draw cylinders in all angles , it comes in handy .
Next , draw up main axles , provide where power needs to be directed to for locomotion .
Then decide where to lay out the engine(s ) .
Engines can be at any angle , they function just fine however they are positioned .
Lay out some gears or sprocket / chains that will be visible .
The pistons must power directly to the main drive shaft , or geared to it .
The easiest is to just make the piston shaft in the same direction as the drive shaft , however , you can route it however you want using beveled gears ( i.e. 90 degree from engine to axle )
Work out the locomotion .... if you get confused about how something works ( as I often do ) you can cover it up with body work .
However , I think the compelling part of steampunk is in how open and simple things are , so I like showing all of the mechanisms as much as possible .
Design out the body work , try to keep the old tech feel .
At this point you can cover up any mechanical detail that you can't , or are too lazy to figure out :)
Lay down basic shading or color , working out shapes and define planes & edges as you go
Add strong shadow and shading .
Add accents such as Victorian inspired scroll work , rivets etc .
As well as add detail with valves , levers etc .
Final design :
Final design :
If you decide to add color , surf up old steam trains , and steam traction engines .
They often are black , but not always .
Accents in brass , copper , or gold , as well as colors of maroon , dark green , or blue .
Check out Victorian scroll work , they can make a machine look very elegant and ornate .
One last comment about design ...
You have to pay attention to the limitations of simple mechanics , usually a single boiler can power one or two engines .
Unlike electronic motorized robots , where you have the luxury of having a motor per joint , and electronic / computer controlled on how and when each motor runs .
Even if you have lots of engines , powering each joint , you are still limited to having no electronics to control how each one operates ( if you wish to stay totally low tech steampunk ) .
The best way is to limit the number of engines , and use linkages to transfer from circular motion to a .... say .... walking motion .
Do n't go hollywood on me folks , I think a good steampunk design is in part looking really dorky , or really stupid .
When you try to make them too cool , then you loose that steampunk flavor :)
So that 's it .... hope that this can be an inspiration for you to tackle on some steampunk sketches .
Special thanks to cedesign for letting me steal some pictures from his impressive and beautiful collection of model steam engines .
To the American people , and to peace loving individuals everywhere :
Massive evidence has come to our attention which shows that the backers , controllers , and allies of Vice President Dick Cheney are determined to orchestrate and manufacture a new 9/11 terror incident , and / or a new Gulf of Tonkin war provocation over the coming weeks and months .
Such events would be used by the Bush administration as a pretext for launching an aggressive war against Iran , quite possibly with nuclear weapons , and for imposing a regime of martial law here in the United States .
We call on the House of Representatives to proceed immediately to the impeachment of Cheney , as an urgent measure for avoiding a wider and more catastrophic war .
Once impeachment has begun , it will be easier for loyal and patriotic military officers to refuse illegal orders coming from the Cheney faction .
We solemnly warn the people of the world that any terrorist attack with weapons of mass destruction taking place inside the United States or elsewhere in the immediate future must be considered the prima facie responsibility of the Cheney faction .
We urge responsible political leaders everywhere to begin at once to inoculate the public opinion of their countries against such a threatened false flag terror operation .
( Signed ) A Group of US Opposition Political Leaders Gathered in Protest at the Bush Compound in Kennebunkport , Maine , August 24 - 25 , 2007
CYNTHIA MCKINNEY , FORMER US CONGRESSWOMAN , GEORGIA
CINDY SHEEHAN , CANDIDATE FOR US CONGRESS , CALIFORNIA
CRAIG HILL , CANDIDATE FOR US CONGRESS , VERMONT GREEN PARTY
BRUCE MARSHALL , CONVENOR , PHILADELPHIA PLATFORM
JAMILLA EL - SHAFEI , KENNEBUNK PEACE DEPARTMENT
WEBSTER G. TARPLEY , AUTHOR
ANN WRIGHT , COLONEL US ARMY RESERVE , FORMER US DIPLOMAT
GEORGE PAZ MARTIN
This is the second article in a four part series that tells of the rise and fall of Virtudyne , one of the largest privately - financed ( $ 200 M ) disasters in our industry .
Though all names have been changed to protect the guilty , I 've worked very closely with Rob Graves ( the submitter ) to ensure that this presentation is as close to how it happened as possible .
The first article is Virtudyne : The Founding .
The Founder had little trouble convincing his millionaire friends to invest in Virtudyne .
It was n't so much the idea of a Microsoft Office Killer , but that fact that it was 1999 and just about anyone with an internet company could go public and become an overnight billionaire .
Within one month of The Founder 's grandiose idea , he had secured an impressive eleven million in funding .
While The Founder solicited investors , the Chief Information Officer solicited employees .
The CIO knew it would take " only a handful of strong programmers " to develop the Microsoft Office Killer and hired ten of the best programmers he could find .
He promised a high salary , good stock options , and the chance to beat the market leader at their own game .
Though his team 's competence was minimal , their confidence was as strong as ever .
They were all eager to build the Microsoft Office Killer .
It was the opportunity of a lifetime handed to the CIO on a silver platter : millions in capital and a dedicated team of developers .
It was up to him to get busy with a clear vision , detailed requirements , a throughout market analysis , an extensive design , and solid architecture .
Instead , he discovered something much more important : Magic : The Gathering .
The CIO dedicated his " lunch break " to his Magic card collection .
This , of course , meant that he'd spend much of his day thinking up new deck concepts , building them , and testing them out .
He even got some of his developers hooked : they 'd all get together during their " lunch break " and play , trade , and chat about the latest happenings in the world of Magic : The Gathering .
Do n't get me wrong , Magic was n't the Chief Information Officer 's only focus .
With his new job title , he was eligible to receive executive - level trade publications for free .
In fact , one of his first acts as CIO was to purchase a top - of - the - line solid ink printer .
In addition to producing sharp full - color graphs for presentation packets , it printed up some wicked high - quality " proxy cards " for everyone 's Magic decks .
Days turned into weeks , weeks turned into months , and next thing they knew , six months had passed and not a single line of code had been written .
What made this especially bad was the fact that the investors were flying in to town to check on everyone 's progress .
They were all eager to see just how their Microsoft Office Killer was coming along .
Thank goodness that the Chief Information Officer chose Visual Basic 6 as their platform .
Real magic ensued when the following were combined : a handful of developers , a caffeine - filled all - nighter , and VB6's wonderful ability to drag & drop controls onto Windows form and " hard code " what shows in the labels , text boxes , drop downs , etc .
The investors were not impressed .
They were astonished .
In fact , the demonstration convinced them that , not only the project was on track , but that Virtudyne was poised to take on Microsoft and its ubiquitous office suite .
Word spread fast and even more investors signed up .
Tens of millions of dollars started pouring into Virtudyne .
The new investment might have been the CIO 's motivation to finally get cracking on the project .
Or it could have been the fact that the .com bubble was starting to burst and that meant they'd have to make a real attempt at making a product .
He immediately started hiring again .
And I mean hiring .
A massive recruiting campaign was initiated and developers from all over the country were brought in .
Within a year , the Virtudyne CIO commanded an army of I.T. professionals whose skill levels ranged between complete ineptitude and moderate competence .
The Chief Information Officer also purchased the best server he could find advertised in his executive trade publications : the Unisys ES7000 .
It was a thirty - two processor beast with sixty - four gigabytes of RAM and an attached EMC CLARiiON storage server .
This $ 1.3 M machine would be the single production server for their anticipated 20,000,000 users .
With all the new talent and the fancy new hardware , development of the Microsoft Office Killer finally began .
The biggest hurdle that faced the developers was the new requirements .
You see , one of the major selling points to investors was that Virtudyne 's office suite already had every feature they asked for : it ran on Windows , Linux , and even Palm OS .
All the developers had to do was make it actually do that .
Rob Graves joined Virtudyne around its second - year anniversary .
He had been contacting part - time , off - and - on since day one , and they finally made him an offer he could not refuse : lead role in a company of 100 + developers , top - of - the - line development hardware , a dedicated QA team , and most of all , a $ 50,000 raise with five weeks paid vacation .
No one could top that in the post .com - bubble .
In the year that followed , Rob found himself in the middle of quite a few political battles between the " do it right " and the " do it now " developers .
Nothing too spectacular , especially in the context of this entire Virtudyne saga , but Rob did note who won the argument over whether or not to use the special coding techniques recommended by Unisys and Microsoft to utilize the server 's full potential .
I 'll let you guess which side that was .
Despite all this , Virtudyne lacked one thing : customers .
Allow me to clarify that because saying that they lacked " customers " might imply they had " a " customer .
They did n't .
The sales department of eight was unable to find a single organization willing to license their product .
This was especially problematic because their initial $ 94 M war chest had dwindled to less than $ 10 M .
Investors were starting to wonder about their " six - months - to - develop Microsoft Office Killer " and stopped pouring money into Virtudyne .
Something needed to be done .
Next Article : Virtudyne : The Savior Cometh .
It 's what happens when Virtudyne is " rescued " by a single $ 100 M + investor
AAAS and Science Journals Provide Scientific Information on COVID - 19 Worldwide
Photo credit :
The American Association for the Advancement of Science and the Science family of journals are applying formidable resources to keep the scientific community and the public well informed on the coronavirus pandemic .
Last updated at 11:11 11 March 2008
Another Earth could be orbiting one of the Sun 's closest stellar neighbours , scientists believe .
Habitable rocky planets are likely to have formed in the Alpha Centauri system , a trio of stars 4.37 light years , or 25.8 trillion miles , away , a study has shown .
Astronomers say if such worlds exist they could be detected using a dedicated telescope .
Scroll down for more ...
The Alpha Centauri star system could contain an Earth - like planet
Because it is so close , Alpha Centauri would probably be the first star system to be visited if interstellar travel ever becomes possible - a fact that has inspired numerous science fiction stories .
The three stars in the system are binary twins Alpha Centauri A and Alpha Centauri B and the much smaller and dimmer red dwarf , Proxima Centauri , which is a little nearer the Earth .
Scientists in California carried out computer simulations that suggest Earth - like planets may be orbiting Alpha Centauri B .
At least some are likely to be in the so - called " habitable zone " at just the right distance from their parent star to allow oceans , lakes and rivers to form without freezing or boiling away .
Such planets are the best candidates for supporting life as we know it .
Anyone standing on a planet orbiting Alpha Centauri B would see two " suns " in the sky , a bright " primary " sun and a " secondary " sun which would be much weaker but still many times brighter than the full moon as seen from Earth .
Although Proxima Centauri is considered part of the same star system it is 0.21 light years from the other stars , or 13,000 times the distance between the Earth and the Sun .
It would only be visible at night .
The astronomers hope to carry out intensive studies of the Alpha Centauri system using the 1.5 metre telescope at the Cerro Tololo Inter - American Observatory in Chile .
" I think the planets are there , and it 's worth a try to have a look , " said Professor Gregory Laughlin , one of the scientists from the University of California at Santa Cruz .
Most of the more than 200 planets already discovered orbiting stars other than the Sun have been huge gas giants , similar to Jupiter .
Confirming the presence of small , Earth - like rocky planets around one of the Alpha Centauri stars will not be easy .
Prof Laughlin said it would probably require five years of observation using a dedicated telescope .
Because of the brightness of Alpha Centauri B and its position in the sky , the astronomers are most likely to use the " Doppler " detection method .
This measures shifts in the light from the star to detect the tiny wobble induced by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet .
Most of the extra - solar planets identified so far have been found using the Doppler technique .
To study planet formation around Alpha Centauri B , the astronomers ran repeated computer models , each of which simulated 200 million years of stellar evolution .
Because of variations in the initial conditions , each simulation led to the formation of a different planetary system .
But on every occasion a solar system was created with at least one planet about the size of the Earth .
In many cases , the simulated planets had orbits lying within the habitable zone of the star .
Also known as the " Goldilocks zone " , this is the narrow orbital band where temperatures are neither too hot nor too cold , but just right to allow the existence of liquid surface water and , possibly , life .
The research has been accepted for publication in the Astrophysical Journal .
Top 10 Most Unusual College Degrees
We talk to a lot college students here at ScholarPoint and have seen a very wide range of different college majors .
We ’re often blown away by some of the weird degrees we hear about .
Here ’s a list of some of the more unusual ones that we ’ve come across .
1. Master Ranching – Showing up to college wearing spurs and riding a horse probably is n’t the best idea , unless you go to Texas A&M - Kingsville ’s Institute for Ranch Management .
The university is offering the first ever master degree program for ranchers .
What was once a profession passed on from generation to generation is now getting sophisticated enough that it may actually require an MBA .
Go figure .
Graduates can expect salaries in the $ 50,000 - $ 75,000 range .
2. Astrobiology – ET phone home .
The University of Glamorgan in the UK offers a degree in Astrobiology , which is the search for life beyond earth .
So if hunting for alien life is your thing consider a career in Astrobiology .
3. Retail Floristry – I bet you never thought working at your local flower shop required a college degree .
Well , it probably does n’t , but that does n’t mean you ca n’t major in Retail Floristry anyway .
Career opportunities are a step above working the cash register and include wholesaling , special event designing , and display gardening .
This program is offered through Mississippi State University and graduates can expect a 90 % job placement rate .
4. Professional Nanny – Sullivan University in Louisville Kentucky offers a professional nanny program , which prepares graduates to work in private residences , day care centers , children ’s hospitals , and country clubs .
This is a perfect career for those girls who grew up babysitting all the neighborhood kids that now want to make more than $ 2 per hour .
5. Sports Ministry – Graduates from this program are prepared for positions in non-profit organizations seeking to use sports as an avenue for teaching religion .
This program is offered through Campbellsville University in Campbellsville Kentucky .
6. Adventure Recreation –
Do you like snowboarding , scuba diving , ice climbing , or whitewater rafting ?
If you answered yes , perhaps you should consider doing what you love for a job and start by making it your college major .
Green Mountain College in Vermont is offering major and minor programs in Adventure Recreation , which aims to place graduates in a variety of outdoor recreation careers such as those listed above .
7. Golf & Sports Turf Management – Just because you were never good at football does n’t mean you ca n’t make it your job .
Only you ’ll be repairing the grass they tear apart every week .
The course curriculum offered by Mississippi Sate University will prepare you for a career as a golf superintendent or a sports turf manager at city , school , and professional sports arenas .
Graduates in this field also enjoy a 90 % job placement rate .
8. Comedy : Writing and Performance – Here ’s a degree program that actually requires “ a great sense of humor ” as an admission requirement .
Humber College in Canada offers this program to help naturally talented students hone their craft and learn the commercial side of the business .
Students learn stand - up , improv , scriptwriting , and sketch comedy .
9. Organic Agriculture – Organic foods make up more than 2.5 % of all food and drink sales nationwide and have been increasing by 20 % per year since 1990 .
This makes organic farming an attractive career opportunity .
This is the first organic agriculture major in the nation and is offered through Washington State University .
10 . Fishing Sciences and Management –
This masters program is offered by Colorado State University and focuses on fish populations for recreational and commercial fishing purposes to ensure adequate conservation and utilization .
If nothing else the courses on fish psychology should at the very least help you catch more fish .
World ’s biggest building , Crystal Island , to be constructed in Moscow
Sir Norman Foster , one of the leading architects of our times , currently launches a project of world ’s largest building .
The building will be built in Moscow , The Sunday Times reports .
World ’s biggest building , Crystal Island , to be constructed in Moscow
The skyscraper , dubbed as the Crystal Island , is 449.88 meters high .
When completed , the building will look like a spiraling pyramid .
The foot of the pyramid will be 701 meters in diameter .
The Crystal Island has already earned the reputation of the most ambitious building project in the world .
The construction is evaluated at four billion dollars .
The city within the building will house 900 luxury apartments , 3,000 hotel rooms , a theater , a fitness complex , a cinema , a museum and an international school for 500 students , not to mention countless stores .
The Crystal Island will be Lord Foster ’s second large - scale project in Moscow , and his third building design that resembles a volcano .
Many people call the new building the Christmas tree of Moscow .
However , the project may put Russia at the forefront of a new wave of city design .
The Crystal Island will also symbolize Russia ’s powerful economic rise .
Most likely , the skyscraper will be built about ten kilometers far from Moscow ’s center .
The project is set to be completed in 2014 .
The exterior facade will be solar responsive and will include solar panels .
The panels , along with turbines , will generate electricity for the huge building .
$ _SERVER [ SCRIPT_URI ] =
http://otlstudio.com/projects/199601.php
$ _SERVER[REQUEST_URI ] = / projects /199601.php
sectionname ( ) = Projects
pagename ( ) = 199601
Click on an image to go to the gallery .
The Slammer
Las Vegas , NV
March 1994 to January 1996
The primary residence for Penn Jillette in Las Vegas was a 2,500 square foot addition to an existing 1,500 square foot house .
We joined our new architecture to the old using a cylindrical stair tower as a hinge point .
The residence which we completed for Penn Jillette in 1996 was , ultimately , a very successful design for the way he occupied the house .
Rarely a week went by during the first two years that we did n't receive an email message from him praising one aspect of the design or another .
His comedy and magic show toured the country and each time he returned home he discovered the charms of the house anew .
The general scheme of the building is a single layer of spaces wrapped around a courtyard ( which is treated as a large outdoor room , rather than separated as an exterior space ) .
The outside of the house is prison - like and the courtyard interior is defined by a series of brightly - colored stucco walls and , at night , neon - like lighting .
The courtyard is a microcosm of the Strip .
Mr. Jillette refers to the house with a prison name , and as the project was under way called it Prison and Paradise saying , " You do n't want to knock on the door , but once you are inside you never want to leave . "
In the seven years since it was completed the house has been on over a dozen home shows .
Soon after its completion it won the following awards :
1996 AIA Las Vegas Award
1996 AIA Las Vegas Student 's Choice Award
1997 AIA Nevada Student 's Choice Award
Every artist in search of freedom needs a great patron .
Mr. Jillette is ours .
In the decade since he first purchased his " crazy A - frame in the desert , " we have continued to add to it .
It is represented in our portfolio in the following projects :
Key to our success there in the southeast corner of the Las Vegas basin is Mr. Jillette 's willingness to collaborate .
The very parable that generated the original design was something he offered during dinner .
While we were selecting colors for the original interior he was quick to pick some startling bold colors which have certainly contributed to the visibility and memorability of the house ( " I 'm attracting to bright colors , like a parakeet " ) .
His courage to allow us to work impeded and his trust that our finished product would provide the functions that he outlined at the start of each project meant that we have created things far outside the normal envelope of residential design .
This is appropriate for someone who has , in general , lived outside usual definitions .
When we began working on the Slammer it was an odd structure to find in the middle of the desert : a chalet with a steep a - frame roof .
In 1994 the street running past the house had only recently been paved and there were only a few other houses on in .
A dozen years later the street is crowded with houses and even has the entrance to a housing development on it .
But when we first walked the site with Mr. Jillette you could see the lights of The Strip glittering a few miles away .
Studying a map of the city we realized that the original house , most likely through coincidence , pointed directly at The Strip and that the angle of the original Las Vegas Blvd .
The house sat on a road which , like nearly all the original roads in Las Vegas , was on a strict compass grid .
We incorporated this grid shift ( and increments of it ) into our plan for the original addition .
( See [ Generating Geometry ] and the related [ Plan Obsession ] for more explanation . )
The cylindrical tower marks the hinge - point of the old and new structures .
The driveway brings arrivals onto the site from the corner and draws them along a center line of the cylinder and then slips them south along the length of the new building .
A seventy foot long lap pool in the courtyard allowed us to start developing a strong secondary axis on the western edge of the courtyard .
This is continued with a lines of fruit and nut bearing trees and , to the south , ( originally ) there was a ramp of soil ( from the excavation of the pool ) .
This ramp was as long as the pool and rose from the floor of the desert up to the height of our client ( six foot six inches ) .
Mr. Jillette wanted to be able to have overnight guests stay at the house without having them worry about interrupting his unusual schedule ( when he is performing he does n't get to bed until the early hours of the morning ) .
After experimenting on the existing house ( having him walk on the front porch for two laps if he was going from the bedroom to the kitchen for a snack ) we determined that we could have the master bedroom suite separated from the rest of the house .
To get to his bedroom , or back to the main house from his bedroom , Mr. Jillette walks seventy - five feet outside along a catwalk overlooking the courtyard .
When we realized the success of that portion of the design we continued it by having his office also separate .
( Eventually we joined the office and master suite with the [ Vintage Nude Studio ] addition , but originally his office was reached by a set of steel stairs up from the catwalk . )
In the following projects it is easy to lose sight of the original Slammer , but it did have :
A koi pond in the shape of a Goldfish cracker .
A fire pole from the catwalk down into the courtyard .
This was used once during a wedding ceremony held at the Slammer ( the groom entered on it ) .
Structural fins holding up the catwalk which light up from the inside , glowing yellow and red at night .
An entry to the courtyard between the office tower and the master bedroom tower .
This was controlled by a rolling chain link gate and it felt like entering the yard of a prison , with a bit of a surprise once you were in the courtyard .
A band room , for playing rock 'n'roll , hidden behind the fourteen foor diagonal projection screen in the home theater .
Half a dozen secret rooms including one called The Obvious Room which could be shown off to television crews touring the house .
A coroner 's victim outline of Teller in the kitchen , with his hand holding a knife .
This was cut into the linoleum floor and was matched by an apparent line of blood from the shower in the master bathroom .
Icicles hang from the roof of a building in Gulmarg , 55 km ( 34 miles ) west of Srinagar January 30 , 2008 .
Six people have been killed in three days by icicles falling from buildings in a central Russian region , ITAR - TASS news agency reported Tuesday .
REUTERS / Fayaz Kabli
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) -
Six people have been killed in three days by icicles falling from buildings in a central Russian region , ITAR - TASS news agency reported Tuesday .
Plummeting chunks of ice is an annual hazard for pedestrians in Russia during the spring when the sun finally melts thick layers of ice and snow which build up on roofs over months of freezing temperatures and darkness .
Medical authorities in the region of Samara told ITAR - TASS that five people died in the city of Samara and another person died in the nearby town of Otradny between February 23 and February 25 .
WASHINGTON  Republican voters have sharply altered their views of the party ’s presidential candidates following the early contests in Iowa and New Hampshire , with Senator John McCain , once widely written off , now viewed more favorably than any of his major competitors , according to the latest nationwide New York Times / CBS News Poll .
The findings underscored the extraordinary volatility in the Republican race and suggested that the party was continuing to search for a nominee whom it could rally around .
Nearly three quarters of Republican primary voters said it was still too early for them to make up their minds “ for sure , ” meaning that they could shift their allegiances yet again if one or more of Mr. McCain ’s rivals breaks through in the two Republican primaries this week , in Michigan and South Carolina .
On the Democratic side , Senator Barack Obama ’s victory in Iowa has improved his standing within the party on a critical measure : his electability .
The percentage of Democrats who say he would be the strongest candidate against the Republicans has more than doubled in a month , to 35 percent from 14 percent in December .
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton , who won her party ’s primary in New Hampshire , still has an edge on electability , a substantial advantage on experience  the central selling point of her campaign  and leads among Democrats nationally .
But Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Obama are now viewed by Democrats as almost equally qualified on a variety of measures , including the ability to serve as commander in chief .
Families are fleeing to the UK from Germany to escape a law introduced by Hitler that could lead to their children being taken into care if educated at home .
One father , who arrived in Britain with his wife and five children last month , has told The Observer that his family had no choice after being warned that their children would be taken into foster care unless they enrolled them at local schools .
Another , who fled in October , said he believed the 70 - year - old law was creating hundreds of refugees and forcing families into hiding to protect their children .
Home - schooling has been illegal in Germany since it was outlawed in 1938 .
Hitler wanted the Nazi state to have complete control of young minds .
Today there are rare exemptions , such as for children suffering serious illnesses or psychological problems .
Legal attempts through the courts - including the European Court of Human Rights - have so far failed to overturn the ban .
Klaus Landahl , 41 , who moved in January from the Black Forest in Germany to the Isle of Wight with his wife , Kathrin , 39 , said they had no option but to leave their home , friends and belongings in order to educate their five children , aged between three and 12 , legally and without fear .
' It feels like persecution , ' he said .
' We had to get to safety to protect our family .
We can never go back .
If we do , our children will be removed , as the German government says they are the property of the state now . '
The family now live in Shanklin , surviving off savings while Landahl seeks work to support them .
His wife said they chose home - schooling to spare their children from bullying and to allow them to focus on their individual interests .
' In school in Germany they expect you to be like everybody else ; you can not be different , ' she said .
' If you do n't have the correct clothes , like Nike and Adidas , or if you wear the wrong colour , other children will not accept you . '
Jonathan Skeet , who is British - born , said that he , his wife and five children , aged between two and 11 , were driven from Lüdenscheid after the authorities froze their bank account , removed money from it and confiscated their car .
The former aid worker fled in October and chose the Isle of Wight because of its large home - education network .
In Germany , he said , the family were blackmailed and threatened with the loss of their children in an attempt to force them back into mainstream school education .
' It was crippling , ' he said .
' When we lived in Germany we wanted to live a very inconspicuous and quiet life .
But instead we ended up in direct confrontation with a very powerful state . '
The 43 - year - old nursing home worker said they wanted to home - school because they were worried about the state of the German education system .
' We were concerned that the atmosphere in schools in Germany had become very rough and ready .
We thought our children were too young to deal with that . '
About 800 families are believed to educate their children at home illegally .
Stephanie Edel , who runs the Schulbildung in Familieninitiative , a German organisation that aims to support those who educate at home , said that last year some 78 home - schooled children fled Germany with their parents .
' It is very dangerous to home - educate here , ' she said .
' Home - educators have to learn to expect anything and have to be ready to leave overnight . '
In 2006 the UN sent a special rapporteur to assess Germany 's education system .
He reported that necessary measures should be adopted to uphold parents ' rights to educate children at home where necessary and appropriate .
Last year , in an extreme example , 15 - year - old Melissa Busekros was removed from her family .
Her mother , Gudrun , said more than 15 policemen took her to a psychiatric unit for psychological tests .
After refusing to be tested , Melissa was placed in a foster home .
She escaped on her 16th birthday and has since been left alone by the authorities .
Her mother said : ' All of the supposed independent experts are paid by the government , so they say what the social workers tell them to say in court . '
Both domestic and EU courts have ruled in the German state 's favour on numerous occasions in recent years .
Tags
Presidential election years usually are not recessionary but next year will be an exception .
Several economic factors are colliding in an almost perfect storm to markedly slow the general economy and the stock market .
The most important signal flashing recession is , of course , the subprime mortgage fiasco .
After years of monetary inflation on the part of the Federal Reserve , individuals and families with poor credit were suckered into low - down - payment / low - interest adjustable mortgages that simply cannot be maintained or repaid under current conditions .
Their incentive is to sell the property quickly before their equity evaporates or the financial institution repossesses it .
Yet the massive oversupply of homes and condos for sale has pushed prices down at a record clip and made additional foreclosures even more likely .
Next year , unfortunately , will be the Year of the Auction .
The financial institutions have also been punished … well sort of .
Various institutions including hedge funds that hold these poorly performing debt obligations have been forced ( by accounting rules ) to " write down " the value of these assets , take huge paper losses in the bargain , and pull in their financial horns .
Thus , any near - term recovery in housing must now fight a record supply availability , falling prices , higher insurance costs and restricted credit … a near - term impossibility in my view .
Moreover , the slowdown in residential and commercial construction will send secondary ripple effects throughout the economy .
Laid - off construction workers do n't spend money .
Construction and home furnishing suppliers sell less output and make fewer investments .
Even local governments will be pinched by declining property - tax assessments and fewer developer fees .
Things are likely to get worse before they get any better .
The second major factor indicating a near - term recession is the sky - high price of crude oil and refined product .
Pushed upward by world - wide speculative Middle East war fears and increases in demand ( especially from China ) , increasing energy prices act as an inflationary " tax " on domestic production and consumption throughout the market economy .
Higher costs of production will lower profits ; higher prices will reduce some consumption .
The only good news here is that any substantial economic slowdown in 2008 will eventually moderate the price of oil and other commodity prices as well .
The third factor in the current recession scenario — and the real wild card — is the continuing decline in the value of the dollar in international money markets caused by our Iraq blunder and the Federal Reserve–generated oversupply of dollars .
Some economists would argue that a devalued dollar is good for US exports , and thus positive for the economy as a whole .
I disagree for three reasons .
First , the bulk of crude oil purchases takes place in dollars ; a falling dollar translates into still higher crude oil prices .
Second , the US dollar is the major reserve currency of the international monetary system and dollar - paying investments ( such as US Treasury bills and bonds ) are held in massive amounts by foreign banks and governments .
Dollar devaluation makes these investments less attractive and any disinvestment in these areas would sharply drive bond prices down and increase interest rates .
The third reason why dollar devaluation makes recession more likely is that it effectively prevents the Federal Reserve from pushing US interest rates much lower .
Any additional Fed easing ( inflation ) would be seen as a signal of even further future dollar devaluation and even higher dollar prices for oil .
Unfortunately , we will not be able to " inflate " our way out of this recession this time .
We will simply have to take our lumps and let market forces liquidate the bulk of the malinvestments caused by the unprecedented Greenspan money bubble .
This liquidation process will not be pretty but it is necessary to restore a sustainable economic recovery in the years ahead .
By Quentin Sommerville
BBC News , Henan
I stood in Zhang Meidi 's cabbage patch , kicking the dirt with my boots .
Urbanisation and the creeping desert in the north mean China is losing 25 m acres of farmland a year
The first frosts would arrive soon but for now the soil was dark , crumbly and rich .
Not like the hard mud around Shanghai or the dry , sandy soil of Beijing .
This is China 's bread basket .
Wheat has been grown here for thousands of years .
But Zhang Meidi has given up on it .
She laughed , her heavy , gold earrings catching the light .
The prices in the market were good these days , she said , but not for wheat .
Her feet are planted firmly at the bottom of China 's great towering economy , but the breadth of her vision would have put a team of Beijing economic planners to shame .
Zhang Meidi could see for miles .
She started by giving me a lesson on China 's food chain .
First , she explained , people in China now had more money so they wanted to eat better things , more meat and more fruit and vegetables .
That is why she is growing cabbages .
Her little handkerchief of land would grow enough wheat to earn about £ 200 ( $ 395 ) but , by planting cabbages , she had almost trebled her earnings .
And , in the summer , she would grow tomatoes and earn almost £ 700 ( $ 1,300 ) .
Her husband - wrapping the cabbages against the coming chill - looked on , nodding in agreement and admiration .
All her neighbours were doing the same , she said .
Growing demand
And , sure enough , the little patchwork of plots spreading out around us was a confused jumble .
Wheat was still being grown , but increasingly it was being crowded out by cabbages and other crops too .
And that was not the only change taking place around us .
What was once farmland , outside the city of Zhengzhou , was now a suburb .
It still felt rural but now it was - well , more crowded .
There were more homes and roads .
Further along the road , there were even fish farms and a huge highway .
Sure , plenty of Chinese are leaving their farms for the city but this was different .
Zhang Meidi and her neighbours were being swallowed up by the city .
Urbanisation and the creeping desert in the north mean that China is losing 25 million acres ( 10 m hectares ) of farmland a year .
And just as the amount of land is shrinking , the demand for food is getting greater .
When she was younger , Zhang Meidi explained , her family would only have meat on special occasions .
Pork would be served when guests arrived or during China 's big national holidays .
Now it was on their dinner table two or three times a week .
Move to the cities
And another reason why she is selling so much at the market these days is because of that growing urban population .
Over the next 12 years , an estimated 320 million people will move to cities .
There just is not enough to go around , so prices are rising - and will keep going up - until farmers plant more
As one analyst put it , a country larger than the United States will be created by new urban Chinese by 2020 .
And when they come to the cities , these new arrivals - almost instantly - start eating more protein .
Now that they no longer grown their own food , and with more wages in their pocket , their diet changes .
So Chinese people are eating less wheat and fewer grains in general because they are upgrading to meats , especially pork .
But that pork comes from hungry pigs who consume a lot more grain .
Of course , yields are getting better , so the same patch of land is growing more corn ( maize ) , rice and soya bean than it once did .
But there is another problem - in China , farms are still just patches of land .
Farmers do not own the land they work - and they cannot sell it - so larger , more efficient farms have not been created .
Acutely aware of the political consequences of landless farmers , rural land reform seems to be one step too far for the leaders in Beijing .
Already , the country that discovered the soya bean has to import most of its needs .
And other crops will follow .
The days of food self - sufficiency in China are numbered .
Rising prices
So , like the rest of us , China will turn to Australia , Africa and South America to fill its belly .
It is small wonder that food prices are climbing everywhere , not just here in China .
There just is not enough of it to go around , so prices are rising - and will keep going up - until farmers plant more .
These changes mean that the coming years will be years of plenty for Zhang Meidi , but she has had it with being a peasant farmer .
She has two sons .
One is in university and the other will go there soon .
They will live off their learning , she told me , rather than their labour .
Education is something she did not have but for them it will be different , she said .
Their connection with the land will be broken , they will move to the city and to a wealthier life - a life with more meat , more fruit and more vegetables .
The transformation in China is not just taking place in the factories of Guangdong or the streets of Shanghai .
Changes are taking place here in the very bones of the people and in every last atom of Chinese soil .
From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday , 5 January , 2008 at 1130 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .
Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
CAFFERTY : Eighty - five - year - old George McGovern , who ran for President in 1972 , wrote a piece in the Washington Post over the weekend suggesting that George Bush and Vice President Cheney are more deserving of impeachment than Richard Nixon was .
And so we asked :
Why wo n’t Congress impeach President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney ?
And we got the following .
Chris in Ithaca writes : “ The Democratic Congress will not move on impeachment because we have nothing but cowards in Washington .
The Congress changed because the American people wanted change .
Instead , we ’ve gotten Republican light .
There is no change in Washington — only slaves to big business , oil and imperialism .
Washington stinks . ” Eric in Moss Beach , California : “ The collaborators who gave Bush everything they wanted wo n’t condemn themselves now by impeaching him .
They have no principles .
They have no morals .
They are politicians to their slimy cores .
They all deserve defeat in the next election — Democrat , Republican — makes no difference .
They have betrayed their oath , they have betrayed their country .
They are scum . ”
Scott : “ Why wo n’t we impeach Bush and Cheney ?
Because the country is over , that ’s why .
We ’re done .
The crooks , the special interests and the corporations have won . ”
Dell in Colorado Springs : “ The Democratic Congress wo n’t impeach the President or Vice President simply because they ’re more concerned with winning back the White House .
It would be too timely , too costly .
Bush has destroyed our reputation abroad , done nothing domestically .
The Democrats believe the damage is done and the administration will ultimately go into the books as one of the worst in history . ”
Roy writes : “ It ’s not going to happen .
Everybody knows you need corporate sponsors to get anything done in Washington . ”
And Sally in Alexandria , Virginia : “ Because all they did was cause death , destruction , torture , defiling of the Constitution and decimation of the nation ’s finances .
Thank goodness they did n’t have sex with an intern . ”
WOLF BLITZER : A lot of angry people out there , Jack .
CAFFERTY : I guarantee , and I hear from them every single day .
And I think that ’s one of the reasons , quite frankly , that there ’s so much interest in a guy like Barack Obama .
The country is saying , “ How much worse can it be ?
Give me anything that ’s different , something fresh and new . ”
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- The U.S. Senate was called to order for 11 seconds on Wednesday as the last political scuffle of the year between the White House and the Democratic - led Congress played out .
Democratic senators will hold short " pro forma " sessions over the holiday break to prevent recess appointments .
Nearly all the senators left the Capitol for the Christmas holiday last week , but Democrats are keeping the Senate in session to block President Bush from making any recess appointments -- a constitutional mechanism that allows the president , during congressional recesses , to fill top government posts for up to one year without Senate confirmation .
Sen. Jim Webb , D - Virginia , opened and then immediately gaveled the Senate session to a close .
He spent 57 seconds in the chamber .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada , announced December 19 that he would keep the Senate open with a series of " pro forma " sessions through mid-January .
Talks had just broken down with the White House on a deal that would have allowed the president to make dozens of those appointments if he agreed not to appoint one controversial official , Steven Bradbury , as the permanent head of the influential Office of Legal Counsel at the Justice Department .
Bush declined to accept the Democrats ' offer , and Reid refused to approve Bradbury because of concerns about his involvement in crafting legal opinions for the administration on interrogation techniques of terrorism suspects .
Similar sessions were conducted over the Thanksgiving recess .
Webb also did the duty Friday , but he wo n't be the only senator tasked with presiding over the shortened sessions .
Other Democrats -- including Sens. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts , Byron Dorgan of North Dakota , Jack Reed of Rhode Island , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , Ben Cardin of Maryland and Chuck Schumer of New York -- will share the duty .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Ted Barrett and Vandana Kilaru contributed to this report
All About U.S. Senate • George W. Bush • U.S. Department of Justice
Pakistan 's military and intelligence agencies , apparently trying to avoid acknowledging an elaborate secret detention system , have quietly set free nearly 100 men suspected of links to terrorism , few of whom were charged , human rights groups and lawyers say .
Those released , they say , are some of the nearly 500 Pakistanis presumed to have disappeared into the hands of the Pakistani intelligence agencies cooperating with the United States ' fight against terrorism since 2001 .
No official reason has been given for the releases , but as pressure has mounted to bring the cases into the courts , the government has decided to jettison some suspects and thereby spare itself the embarrassment of having to reveal that people have been held on flimsy evidence in the secret system , its opponents say .
Interviews with lawyers and human rights officials and a review of cases and court records by the New York Times show how scraps of information have accumulated over recent months into a body of evidence of the detention system .
In at least two other instances , detainees were handed over to the United States without any legal extradition proceedings , Pakistani lawyers and human rights groups say .
U.S. officials here and in Washington refused to comment on the cases .
" They are releasing them because these cases are being made public , " said Shaukat Aziz Siddiqui , a lawyer working at the Supreme Court who has taken up many of the cases of the missing .
" They want to avoid the publicity . "
In addition , human rights groups and lawyers contend , the government has swept up at least 4,000 other Pakistanis , most Baluchi and Sindhi nationalists campaigning for ethnic or regional autonomy who have nothing to do with the U.S. campaign against terrorism .
In total , human rights groups and lawyers describe the disappearances as one of the grimmest aspects of Pervez Musharraf 's presidency , and one that shows no sign of slowing .
Under previous governments , " there were one or two cases , but not the systematic disappearances by the intelligence agencies under Musharraf , " said Iqbal Haider , secretary - general of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan , an independent nonprofit organization .
The Pakistani government denies detaining people illegally and says that many of the missing are actually in regular jails on criminal charges , while other cases have been fabricated .
The issue of the missing became one of the most contentious between Musharraf and the Supreme Court under its former chief justice , Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry .
The releases are particularly galling to lawyers because as one justification for imposing emergency rule on Nov. 3 , Musharraf accused the courts of freeing terrorism suspects .
That decree was lifted Saturday , but the former chief justice and other judges were dismissed and remain in detention .
The Supreme Court hearings on the missing have been halted .
While Musharraf criticized the court as being soft on terrorists , court records show that Chaudhry was less interested in releasing terrorism suspects than in making sure their cases entered the court system .
He said at each hearing that his primary concern was for the families of the missing , who were suffering great anguish not knowing where their loved ones were .
His main aim was to regularize the detention of the missing , not to free them , Siddiqui said .
" Not a single person who was convicted was released on the Supreme Court 's order , " he said .
Detainees have been warned on their release not to speak to anyone about their detention , yet fragments of their experiences have filtered out through relatives and their lawyers .
A few even appeared in court and told their stories , and it became increasingly clear that the " disappeared " men had in fact been held in military or intelligence agency cells around the country , often for several years without being charged .
Still , the government denies detaining people illegally or torturing them .
Brig .
Javed Iqbal Cheema , a spokesman for the Ministry of Interior and leader of the national crisis management cell that deals with terrorism , said many of the men said to be missing had been found in jails or police cells and had been charged with crimes .
Others , he said , may have gone to the hills or Afghanistan to fight and died there .
Still others , he suggested , were fabricated .
" Let me assure you that there 's a lot of politics going on into the missing persons also , " he said .
Critics say that abuses continue .
The director of the human rights commission , I.A. Rehman , said the government had set up a nearly invisible detention system .
" There are safe houses in Islamabad where people are kept , " he said , citing accounts from the police and those who have been freed .
" Police have admitted this , flats are taken on rent , property is seized , people are tortured there . "
In some cases , detainees recounted that they had been interrogated in the presence of English - speaking foreigners , who human rights officials and lawyers suspect are Americans .
A U.S. Embassy spokeswoman said she could not comment on the allegations and referred all questions to Washington .
A spokesman for the CIA , Mark Mansfield , declined to comment on Rehman 's accusations , or on any specific detainees .
One detainee , a Jordanian named Marwan Ibrahim , who was arrested in a raid in Lahore , where he had been living for 10 years , said he was sent to a detention center in Afghanistan run by Americans , then to Jordan and Israel , and was finally released in Gaza , according to an account Ibrahim gave to Human Rights Watch , another independent group .
Another detainee , Majid Khan , 27 , a Pakistani computer engineer who disappeared from Karachi four years ago , surfaced April 15 this year before a military tribunal in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
His American lawyers say he was subjected to torture in CIA detention in a secret location .
Mansfield , the CIA spokesman , declined to comment , except to say that the " CIA 's terrorist interrogation effort has always been small , carefully run , lawful and highly productive . "
" Fewer than 100 hardened terrorists have gone through the program since it began in 2002 , " he said , " and , of those , less than a third required any enhanced interrogation measures . "
As more and more such accounts have come to light , Musharraf has fought vigorously to keep the details of Pakistan 's secret detentions hidden .
A week into emergency rule , he passed a decree amending the 1952 Army Act to allow civilians to be tried by military tribunals for general offenses .
The tribunals are closed to the public and offer no right of appeal .
The amendment was made retroactive to January 2003 .
Haider of the human rights commission said the amendment was to cover the illegal detentions by the intelligence agencies .
" These agencies have gone berserk , and Musharraf is legitimizing their acts , " he said .
Cheema , the Interior Ministry spokesman , acknowledged that prosecutors and investigators had had difficulty pinning crimes on detainees .
Hundreds of people in Guantanamo have not been charged either , he pointed out .
The Army Act amendment would resolve much of the problem , he said .
" Sometimes it becomes difficult to prove a case , but you have reasons that a person poses a threat to humanity and to society , " he said .
The intervention of the Supreme Court under Chaudhry was undoubtedly exposing this system of secret detentions .
He first took up the cases of the missing in 2006 , demanding that the government trace the detainees and account for them .
His steady requests for information from senior police , Interior Ministry and military officials in court helped to trace nearly 100 detainees .
Most of those were subsequently released without charges .
" This was very embarrassing to the government because the people who were supposed to be found and released , they told all their stories , " said Rehman , the director of the human rights commission .
Amina Masood Janjua , who has led a campaign to trace the missing , first learned about news of her husband , who disappeared in July 2005 , from a written account by another detainee .
Later the detainee , Imran Munir , was produced in court and told her he had been held in the military base at Chaklala , in Rawalpindi , and saw her husband in another cell .
Another detainee , Hafiz Muhammad
Tahir , was brought before the court and told the judges he had been ordered by the police to give a false account of his detention and charges against him , Janjua said .
In fact he had been held secretly for three years without charge .
The chief justice ordered him to be freed , and he was released the same day .
But only four or five detainees ever appeared before the Supreme Court .
The majority of the 100 detainees released this year have been freed surreptitiously by the police and intelligence agencies , lawyers and human rights officials said .
" They can not admit that they had these people because they have no charges against them , no documentation , " Janjua said .
Aug 2 , 2006 , 11:55 am ET
Honda prints phone sex number in 1.2 million car manuals
Honda this week said it misprinted a toll - free auto - safety phone number in 1.2 million car manuals for the 2006 model year .
Instead of an ' 888 ' prefix , Honda printed an ' 800 . '
And customers who attempted to use the phone number did n't get just any service .
They were greeted by a phone sex line -- " for live one - on - one talk with a hot fantasy girl . "
In a letter to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , Honda said it would send postcards to owners and dealers with the correction .
