Enlarge By Tim Sloan , AFP / Getty Images Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi said ethics rules would help " drain the swamp " in Congress .
WASHINGTON  Nearly three years after Congress approved sweeping ethics rules to " drain the swamp , " as incoming House Speaker Nancy Pelosi put it , no member of Congress has been punished for wrongdoing .
In that time , allegations of sexual misconduct and financial impropriety have been lodged against lawmakers .
The most serious rebuke in the past year : a " letter of qualified admonition " to Sen.
Roland Burris , D - Ill. , after the Senate ethics panel concluded he misled lawmakers and inappropriately offered to raise campaign funds for then - governor Rod Blagojevich as Burris sought the Senate appointment .
" Three years later , it 's the same old , same old , " said Melanie Sloan of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington .
Democrats took control of the House of Representatives in January 2007 and quickly approved ethics rules that barred lawmakers from taking gifts or meals from lobbyists and their clients .
The action came largely in response to the scandal of former lobbyist Jack Abramoff , who pleaded guilty to providing gifts to public officials in exchange for favors .
Pelosi spokesman Brendan Daly said lawmakers are held to the " highest ethical standard " and pointed to the independent Office of Congressional Ethics as one example .
The office , authorized in March 2008 , vets complaints and sends them to the House ethics committee for final action .
It launched 25 investigations during the first nine months of 2009 , the most recent data available .
Nine were sent on to the ethics committee for further action .
The committee has acknowledged 10 pending cases , including an inquiry into Rep. Charles Rangel , D - N.Y. , and whether he failed to disclose rental income and improperly solicited donations for a public service center named in his honor .
Spokesman Emile Milne said Rangel " looks forward to the conclusion of the review he himself requested . "
Although the ethics committee has not taken any disciplinary action , Fred Wertheimer of the watchdog group Democracy 21 praised the independent office .
Pedro Ribeiro , a spokesman for Rep. Zoe Lofgren , D - Calif. , chairwoman of the House ethics panel , declined comment since the panel 's work is confidential .
Natalie Ravitz , a spokeswoman for Senate ethics chairwoman Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , said , " There are always going to be those who criticize our work " but the committee is doing its job .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Talk show host Conan O'Brien agreed early Thursday to part ways with NBC , after days of tense negotiations .
The deal clears the way for rival Jay Leno to reclaim " The Tonight Show , " broadcast from 11:35 p.m. to 12:35 a.m.
Eastern time , beginning March 1 .
It includes a payout of approximately $ 32.5 million for Mr. O'Brien and roughly $ 12 million for his staff , according to a person familiar with the matter .
A statement from NBC Universal and Mr. O'Brien said Mr. O'Brien is free to " pursue other opportunities " after Sept. 1 and that he will make his final appearance as host of " The Tonight Show " on Friday .
Mr. Leno's program will have many of the features familiar to his " Tonight Show " audience , according to an NBC statement .
Mr. O'Brien took the reins of " The Tonight Show " last June , after a 17 - year run by Mr. Leno .
NBC had promised Mr. O'Brien the show five years earlier , as an incentive to sign a new contract with the network .
The NBC statement also noted that " Late Night With Jimmy Fallon " will continue to be broadcast from 12:35 a.m. to 1:35 a.m. Eastern time .
Mr. O'Brien signed the agreement around 1 a.m. Pacific time , people familiar with the matter said .
" We 're pleased that Jay is returning to host the franchise that he helmed brilliantly and successfully for many years , " Jeff Gaspin , chairman of NBC Universal Television Entertainment , said in a statement .
" He is an enormous talent , a consummate professional and one of the hardest - working performers on television . "
Tomorrow night is officially Conan O'Brien 's last show , as the late night host and NBC reach a deal rumored to cost the network $ 44 million , Sam Schechner reports .
NBC , which is controlled by General Electric Co. , will retain the rights to at least some of the comedic material from the show , according to people familiar with the matter .
The deal also includes a nondisparagement clause , both for the 46 - year - old Mr. O'Brien and for NBC , according to people familiar with the negotiations .
" In the end , Conan was appreciative of the steps NBC made to take care of his staff and crew , and decided to supplement the severance they were getting out of his own pocket , " Gavin Polone , Mr. O'Brien 's manager , said .
" Now he just wants to get back on the air as quickly as possible . "
Mr. O'Brien walks away from " The Tonight Show " after almost eight months on air .
His exit comes after NBC hatched a plan to shift Mr. O'Brien 's show back by 30 minutes to make way for a half - hour show starring Mr. Leno .
Since September , Mr. Leno had been hosting an NBC show weeknights at 10 p.m. Eastern time .
That show saw muted ratings .
Mr. O'Brien argued that " The Tonight Show " would n't be " The Tonight Show " at 12:05 a.m. and refused to move .
He also said pushing the Fallon show back by half an hour would be unfair to Mr. Fallon .
NBC had been under pressure from local television stations that complained that ratings for Mr. Leno's 10 p.m. show were poor and damaging the lead - in to their local news broadcasts at 11 .
Mr. O'Brien blamed the weak lead - in for his own soft ratings .
NBC executives have said Mr. O'Brien shared the blame .
Write to Lauren A.E. Schuker at lauren.schuker@wsj.com and Sam Schechner at sam.schechner@wsj.com
Webapps on App Engine part 2 : Request & Response handling
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python , tech , app - engine , coding , framework
This is part of a series on writing a webapp framework for App Engine Python .
For details , see the introductory post here .
This post is mostly background on request and response encoding / decoding .
If you 're already fairly familiar with how this works in CGI and in higher level frameworks , you may want to skip this and wait for the next posting , on request handlers .
If you 've ever written a CGI script , you 'll be well aware of how much of a pain interpreting and decoding CGI environment variables and headers can be - so much so that the first action of many is to find or write a library to handle it for you !
And if you 've ever coded in a CGI - inspired language such as PHP , you 're probably familiar with how much of a pain managing the combination of response headers and output content can likewise be .
As a result of this , one of the most basic tools a framework offers is some form of abstraction for request and response data .
Typically , this takes care of collecting and parsing HTTP headers , parsing the query string ( if any ) , decoding POSTed form data , and so forth .
Better frameworks also take care of common header - related tasks , like interpreting cookies and headers that should affect the nature of the response .
Very nearly every framework defines its own request and response abstraction .
Django and Werkzeug both define their own , for example , while the authors of the Paste framework recognized this trend towards repetition , and created WebOb , a standalone library that incorporates just the request and response objects from the Paste framework .
Due to the constraints , different frameworks ' takes on request and response objects tend to be very similar - there 's often not much to choose between them .
For the same reason , it 's also the case that writing our own request handling would be tedious , and not particularly enlightening .
With that in mind , we 'll go ahead and use the WebOb library , for these reasons :
It fulfills all our requirements admirably
It 's available as a separate library
It 's already bundled with the App Engine SDK !
It has several advanced features we can make use of to improve our framework overall
Without further ado , let 's take a look at the basic workings of WebOb .
Unsurprisingly , there are two major classes we need to concern ourselves with : Request , and Response .
Let 's examine them in order .
The Request object is fairly straightforward :
To construct one , you must pass in a WSGI environment dictionary .
The resulting Request object then exposes everything you would generally expect to have available : Information about the URL and the request method , headers , query and form data , and so forth .
It also provides access to the raw body of the request ( if any ) , and interprets cookies for you .
Finally , it breaks common headers out into their own properties , including the ' accept ' headers and those dealing with conditional requests and caching .
The response object is a little more surprising .
In addition to all the usual functionality , such as allowing you to set headers and fill out the response body , the Response object is itself a fully - formed WSGI application .
Apart from providing an easy way to actually send the response back to the client , this also provides additional functionality :
The Webob response object automatically takes care of handling HTTP conditional requests for you - instantly providing your app with a bunch of features that many interactive apps do n't support without much manual involvement , or at all .
Let 's see a practical example of how to use the WebOb Request and Response objects in a WSGI application :
def application ( environ , start_response ) : request = webob.Request ( environ ) response = webob.Response( request=request , conditional_response=True ) response.content_type = ' text / plain ' out = response.body_file out .write ( " Hello , %s ! " % ( request .
GET.get ( ' name ' , ' world ' ) , ) ) return response ( environ , start_response )
As you can see , this is starting to look a little saner , and more like what you 're used to if you regularly use frameworks .
There 's still a bit of boilerplate here , but we 'll be taking care of that when we discuss request and response handlers in the next post .
One final feature of the WebOb library that we 'll be making use of is its set of status code exceptions .
This comprises a comprehensive set of classes for all the HTTP response codes .
These classes are WSGI applications , so they can be used as a WSGI application , and they are also valid Python exception classes , so they can be thrown .
This is particularly useful because it allows you to ' throw ' an error status code in an intuitive fashion - for example :
def some_handler ( request ) : if not request .
is_authorized : raise exc.HTTPForbidden ( ) # Otherwise , do stuff ...
You 're not limited to using 400 and 500 status codes in this fashion .
Somewhat less intuitive , but often useful , is the ability to throw a redirect :
def some_handler ( request ) : if not request.logged_in : raise exc.HTTPFound( location='/login ') # Otherwise , user is logged in ...
We 'll be making use of these when we start to deal with request handling , in the next post .
Update : Added a few paragraphs about WebOb 's status code exceptions .
I 'm away at the Lovely Snow Sprint all next week .
Posts in the series will continue as normal , but may be displaced by updates from the sprint if anything particularly fascinating happens . ;)
Disqus
The famous Dove campaign for real beauty has crossed the gender divide .
As women around the world recognized their dimpled bums and curvy figures on billboards and bus shelters , now men will be able to catch a glimpse of their own bounty of imperfections – a billowy beer belly perhaps , or concave chest and spindly legs .
Called Dove Men +Care , the product line that includes body and face washes and moisturizers , hits stores next week .
But its advertising campaign – one that 's anticipated to celebrate the sheer variety of male body types – will be launched during the Super Bowl game on Feb .
7 .
" Dove , the brand that sparked a global conversation about real beauty , is now starting a conversation with men , " reads the invitation to the Feb.
3 launch event at Toronto 's Hockey Hall of Fame .
Sharon MacLeod , marketing director for Unilever Canada , the company that manufactures Dove , hopes the new product line will spark the same conversation about men and body image that the original women 's campaign ignited .
According to Unilever research , 80 per cent of men in Canada believe they are falsely portrayed in the media – that the washboard abs , bulging pecs and ripped biceps so often featured in television and print ads do not reflect their pale , doughy reality .
This imagery makes men feel stereotyped , the research concludes .
As well , according to the Unilever survey , men reject advertising that portrays the ideal man as rich , implausibly handsome and aggressively ambitious – irresistible ladies ' men driving luxurious sports cars .
Apparently real men are more inclined to value their personality and sense of humour over money and possessions .
Also according to research , two - thirds of Canadian men are comfortable using women 's personal care products but they are n't so comfortable admitting it .
Only 24 per cent ' fess up .
Unilever has even solicited the support of Canadian gender expert Michael Kaufman , who is sensitive to the plight of men who find it difficult to live up to hyper masculine expectations .
Reported AdAge magazine , " The brand 's 2006 Super Bowl appearance was for a poignant 60 - second spot from the brand 's critically acclaimed ` Campaign for Real Beauty ' that portrayed the insecurities women have with their looks and urged people to support the brand 's self - esteem efforts . "
Media watchers speculate the company will pursue a similar tact aimed at breaking down stereotypes about male beauty .
We should have seen it coming .
Five years ago , a group of ad executives from the Ogilvy agency in Dusseldorf , Germany , manned - up and stripped down to their skivvies to reveal their support for the female " real beauty " project .
The photo was taken long before the men's line was conceived .
And YouTube features a video presentation of a spookily similar product line called Dove 5X5 that , like the real advertising campaign , explores the breadth of male beauty .
MacLeod has seen the slick , professional - looking video and declares it has nothing to do with the expected Dove for men launch .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" I love it , " she says .
" It 's fantastic .
The conversation has already begun . "
On Twitter , kremalicious linked to this concept video for a digital magazine :
The prototype has some neat ideas , but one aspect I think is misguided is the change from pagination to scrolling .
Instead of offering a simple button that allows people to jump from page to page , the full article is shown , and the user is asked to scroll while reading it .
The video explains this decision by pointing out that people read e-mails or blogs using scrolling devices , and that Instapaper uses scrolling .
I find this argument unconvincing .
Sometimes , We Need to Scroll
Scrolling is used when an application displays content of unspecified length and formatting ( or , conversely , when content creators do n’t know what application and screen size is used to view their content ) .
It ’s a way of making something fit when it does n’t fit .
I do n’t know what device you ’re reading this on .
Perhaps you ’re reading this on a PC with a huge display .
Perhaps on a cell phone .
So it ’s impossible for me to layout individual pages , and you ’re very likely forced to scroll to read what I ’ve written .
The content in the video , on the other hand , was clearly designed specifically for the device it was shown on .
It would be entirely possible to layout individual pages .
Pages Make Sense
I have been reading books on digital devices for over a decade now , starting with a Newton .
Some of these devices have had book readers which scroll instead of jumping from page to page , and the user experience on those was not good .
I find it almost impossible to read text while it is scrolling , so typically , I interact with such devices by constantly switching between reading and scrolling .
I read some or all of the text I can see , then I scroll until the screen is filled with unread text .
This process is error - prone .
Some devices have erratic scrolling which makes it hard to scroll to where you want to go .
Other times , it ’s easy to lose track of where exactly you were in the text while you ’re scrolling .
And at any rate , the user is doing work that the computer could be doing .
When reading an article on an electronic reading device , most people are likely to constantly switch between reading as much as possible , and scrolling to the next « page » .
Replacing a simple pagination system ( where you hit one button to fill the entire screen with unread text ) with a complex scrolling system ( where you put the burden of replacing read text with unread text on the user ) is probably a bad trade - off .
Changing Font Size
Ryan McCuaig writes :
It ’s hard for me to imagine that these devices would n’t include some sort of type size adjustment for reading accessibility , which for any magazine - style layout usually sends us back to scrolling .
I think in the case of font size changes , a better solution would be to add layout hints to the source , indicating areas where page breaks are disallowed , areas were page breaks work fine , how many columns to put on a page depending on font and page size , and information about where to put images if page breaks go « through » them .
I think the main goal is not to create layouts which work perfectly on a given screen size , but to make reading a good experience by allowing people to replace all of the text they ’ve just read with a screen full of new text without forcing them to scroll « by hand » .
Conclusion
Jumping from page to page is easier than scrolling through an article .
It makes sense to format content into individual pages that match a device ’s screen , or to add metadata which allows the device to format the content into individual pages .
Note
Some people have written in , telling me that they prefer to scroll and read at the same time .
So instead of taking my word for it , it would probably be a good idea to do user testing using either method , to figure out which solution most people prefer , or to offer both solutions : layout the content in pages , but let users both jump from page to page , as well as scroll though pages .
Facing Criminal Charges in San Diego ?
Whether you are facing criminal charges such as trespassing , assault , possession , or any other criminal charges , a San Diego criminal lawyer can help .
A San Diego criminal defense attorney can help at each stage of a misdemeanor or felony charge .
San Diego criminal law firms know California law and local law enforcement whether you are arrested in Chula Vista , Mission Beach , or North County .
Use FindLaw to hire San Diego criminal defense lawyer to help resolve your criminal matter .
THE young woman killed during the June election protests in Tehran was an agent for the United States and Britain who faked her own death , says a documentary made by Iran state television .
Neda Agha Soltan , 27 , became a symbol of Iranian democratic resistance when her death was filmed on a mobile phone and then posted on YouTube , where it was watched by millions of people .
It was then broadcast around the world by news organisations .
Yet a documentary shown on Iranian state TV claims she was n’t dying , but had simply poured blood on her face from a hidden bottle , reports Radio Free Europe / Radio Liberty , a group of journalists who cover 20 countries where a free press is banned or not established .
The documentary later claims the “ deceived and deceitful ” Neda was shot dead on the way to hospital and that she was the victim of a plot by foreigners and Opposition supporters , including the doctor , Arash Hejazi , who treated her in the street .
" While Neda is ( pretending ) she is injured and is lying on the back seat of the car on their lap , they bring out a handgun from their pockets , " the documentary 's narrator says .
" A handgun that they obtained from their Western and Iranian friends to water the tree of reforms and kill people and create divisions within society .
" Neda , for a moment , realises their wicked plan and struggles to escape , but they quickly shoot her from behind . "
RFE / RL reports Iranian officials have repeatedly described her death as " suspicious " and a " premeditated scenario " to defame Iran .
Dr Hejazi has denied being in the car , and told RFE / RD : “ A young innocent woman was shot dead while protesting .
Since her killing , until today , the Iranian government has been doing all it can to distance itself from it and throw the responsibility on others , instead of acting responsibly and dealing with those who are guilty . "
Dr Hejazi said Tehran kept changing its story about Neda 's death .
" Their first reaction was that she was alive , " he said .
" Then they said the footage was fake .
" One day they said a BBC reporter killed her .
Then they said it was the CIA .
Then they said the ( Mujahedin ) Khalq Organisation was behind it .
" The latest is this documentary . "
In June , tens of thousands of Opposition supporters rallied in Tehran in defiance of an official ban on protests over Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's presidential election win .
At least 10 people were killed and more an 100 wounded when security forces cracked down on the protesters .
Read more about this story of Neda 's faked death at Radio Free Europe / Radio Liberty .
Interesting behind the scenes account from the new Esquire profile of White :
Visibly angry with the decision —
Who cares what I think ?
I 'm only the fuckin ' promoter ! —
White retreats with his entourage to his private dressing room , where he is joined by two financial officers from Zuffa .
Along with Lorenzo Fertitta ,
White decides who should win the bonus money for best submission and the rest .
Bonus checks for all the fighters are written out by hand .
When they get to Shogun 's check , White orders the accountants to " pay the taxes . "
Meaning , essentially , that he wants Shogun 's previously contracted payday to be doubled .
With a check for $ 250,000 in hand , White goes off looking for Shogun .
When the defeated challenger sees the boss enter his dressing room , he rises shamefacedly from his bench — his body language says defendant about to be sentenced .
His manager stands stolidly at his left elbow ; his entourage surrounds him in a semicircle .
White hands Shogun his check .
He points to the amount .
" Tell him that 's the real number , " White instructs the manager .
" Thank you , thank you very much , " Shogun says in heavily accented English .
Back home in Curitiba , Brazil , his wife is expecting their first child .
He looks appreciative — if not exactly satisfied .
" We paid the taxes , " White reiterates .
Maybe he did n't understand ?
He points to the check again .
" That 's the real number there .
That 's take - home pay . "
Shogun listens to the translation .
He ratchets his proud , chiseled jaw one crank higher .
" Okay , thank you , " he says .
" Thank you very much . "
" I know it does n't erase what happened . "
Resigned : " No , no problem . "
" But it 's gotta make you feel a little better . "
White elbows the fighter playfully in the triceps — I just gave you an extra hundred grand , dude , lighten up !
Shogun breaks down and smiles for real .
White regards him appraisingly .
" Do you want a rematch ? "
No translation is necessary .
By Jonathan Legard
BBC F1 commentator
Schumacher and Di Montezemolo shared years of success Michael Schumacher has told Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo he is planning a comeback with Mercedes .
It is the first time anyone close to the German legend has confirmed he is actively pursuing a return , which has been rumoured for weeks .
" I spoke to him [ on Wednesday ] and he told me there is a very strong possibility but that it's not 100 % decided , " Di Montezemolo said .
He said a return by Schumacher , 41 in January , would be " good for F1 " .
Schumacher retired at the end of 2006 after winning five world titles with Ferrari in consecutive years from 2000 - 4 , to add to the two he won with Benetton in 1994 - 5 .
BBC Sport pundit Eddie Jordan revealed last month that Schumacher had had talks about a comeback with Mercedes and that it would probably happen - and now Di Montezemolo has confirmed it .
A lot of fans will think Michael is a traitor but I will explain to them it is not Michael but another one
Luca di Montezemolo
Ferrari president " A guy called Michael Schumacher told us at Monza ( in September ) he would renew his ( Ferrari consultancy ) contract , " Di Montezemolo said .
" And it looked like his career would finish with Ferrari .
" But then there 's another one who looks like him , 40 , 41 yrs old , German , same name and decided to do a new career .
" Everybody in life can do what they prefer , and I understand that there is somebody at 41 years who wants to try again .
" So I think it 's possible this twin , another Michael Schumacher , same age , same capability , some determination and spirit , will drive for Mercedes next year . "
Di Montezemolo said Schumacher had been " destroyed " when it emerged he would not be able to make a temporary return to F1 with Ferrari last summer as a stand - in for the injured Felipe Massa because of a neck injury sustained in a motorcycle accident last winter .
Ferrari believe they can handle Massa and Alonso as team - mates " He phoned me , and he was so sad .
He said : ' Listen , the doctor says I cannot do anything because I still have a problem with the neck .
" That day , Michael was not sad , ( he was ) more than sad .
He was destroyed .
" Of course , I will have a lot of fans on our website very upset .
They think Michael is a traitor .
But I will explain to them it is not Michael but another one .
" As a friend , it is difficult for me , but I 'm happy to see somebody so fit and with such big determination .
" As chairman of Ferrari , I 'm so sad .
He received a lot from Ferrari , and he has given a lot to Ferrari .
I think the combination in the good and the bad moments was very , very good .
" This is the reason why I think we have to accept there is another Michael who is wanting to race .
The real Michael is still with Ferrari . "
Schumacher still has to have medical tests on his neck injury before he can confirm a return , and Di Montezemolo said he expected a decision to be made public " at the end of December or the beginning of January " .
Massa has recovered from the fractured skull he suffered at the Hungarian Grand Prix and will be driving for Ferrari again in 2010 alongside their new signing , double world champion Fernando Alonso .
Di Montezemolo admitted that Ferrari had been " affected psychologically " by Massa 's crash , adding : " For many days , we were very worried for the possible recovery of the man and then the driver . "
Massa has completed a test in a 2007 Ferrari this week , and Di Montezemolo said the team " strongly believe he 'll again be very , very quick " .
JONATHAN LEGARD BLOG
It was as if Di Montezemolo did not want to believe what Schumacher himself had said during their phone conversation
Alonso will arrive at Ferrari with a reputation for being difficult to manage if the team does not focus on him - a legacy of his tumultuous season as Lewis Hamilton 's team - mate at McLaren in 2007 .
But asked if Ferrari could handle such a dominant personality , Di Montezemolo said : " Yes we can manage him , for three reasons .
" First , I spoke about these elements with ( team principal Stefano ) Domenicali 1000 times , not 100 , and I spoke with Alonso .
" I told him : ' If you come to drive for us , because we want you , you drive for a team , you drive for a group , you do n't drive for yourself .
" If you want a team , then you do your own team , fantastic , like John Surtees .
In Ferrari we want to put you in the best condition to win .
If not , we will never hire you .
" We know that you can win the championship .
We will do our best but you are part of it . '
I spoke with him and he knows how to handle it .
" Second - and I 'm proud for this - for many years , you have not seen any more polemics inside Ferrari .
Alonso is a very intelligent guy , very focused , and he understands that even during the past , he made some mistakes
Luca di Montezemolo
" The only time was once with ( Rubens ) Barrichello when we asked him to ( play second fiddle to Schumacher ) but this was because Michael was in condition to win the championship and sometimes this is important .
" But I am for team spirit , like in soccer , like in cycling .
This is sport .
" The third reason is he 's a very intelligent guy , very focused and he understands that even during the past , he made some mistakes , just as both Michael and I have done in our lives . "
In a wide - ranging interview with a selection of British , Italian , Spanish and German journalists , Di Montezemolo addressed a number of other topics .
He backed world champion Jenson Button 's decision to join McLaren as Hamilton 's team - mate , saying : " Hamilton in McLaren is good motivation for him " .
He said he backed the current drive to cut costs in F1 - but that it should never become a championship where all the cars were close to identical , adding that Ferrari would stay in the sport " until Formula 1 is n't Formula 1 " .
He questioned some of the current organisation of F1 , saying the sport 's stakeholders needed to look into issues such as whether the races were too long , ticket prices were too high , and its lack of engagement with the internet .
And he set out a vision for F1 , which he believed " can play an important role for technology , ecology , environment , fuel consumption " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Photo : © Environment Canada
Featured
Important changes to the British Columbia weather forecast regions .
Get your local weather alerts on Twitter !
Photo : © Morguefile.com
The radar in your region is offline ?
Find out why and for how long : Status of Canadian radar networks
Photo : © Environment Canada
Learn more about El Niño and its effects , as well as its sister , La Niña .
Topics within Weather
The digitally - altered photo ( r ) has been aged from the 1998 file image ( l )
The US State Department has issued digitally - altered photos showing how Osama Bin Laden may look now , aged 52 .
Its 1998 file image of the al - Qaeda leader has been adapted to take account of a decade 's worth of ageing , and possible changes to facial hair .
The digitally - altered photos on the State Department 's website show two options for how he may look now - one with a full beard , and one without .
Osama Bin Laden founded al - Qaeda and is top of the US most - wanted list .
He is accused of being behind a number of atrocities , including the 1998 bombing of two US embassies in East Africa and the attacks on New York and Washington on 11 September 2001 .
Since then , his al - Qaeda network has been linked indirectly to bombings on the island of Bali in Indonesia and its capital Jakarta , as well as with suicide attacks in Casablanca , Riyadh and Istanbul .
After 9/11 , al - Qaeda leaders are believed to have regrouped in Pakistan 's tribal areas .
Bin Laden is still thought to be hiding in the mountainous region near the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan .
2009 IP v4 Address Use Report
New !
The 2009 IP v6 address use report .
As of January first , 2010 , the number of unused IP v4 addresses is 722.18 million .
On January 1 , 2009 , this was 925.58 million .
So in 2009 , 203.4 million addresses were used up .
This is the first time since the introduction of CIDR in 1993 that the number of addresses used in a year has topped 200 million .
With 3706.65 million usable addresses , 80.5 % of the available IP v4 addresses are now in some kind of use , up from 75.3 % a year ago .
So the depletion of the IP v4 address reserves is continuing in much the same way as in previous years :
Date Addresses free Used up 2006-01-01 1468.61 M 2007-01-01 1300.65 M 167.96 M 2008-01-01 1122.85 M 177.80 M ( with return of 16.78 M to IANA ) 2009-01-01 925.58 M 197.27 M 2010-01-01 722.18 M 203.40 M
These figures are derived from from the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority 's IANA IPv4 Address Space Registry page and the records published on the FTP servers of the five Regional Internet Registries ( RIRs ) : AfriNIC , which gives out address space in Africa , APNIC ( Asia - Pacific region ) , ARIN ( North America ) , LACNIC ( Latin American and the Caribbean ) and the RIPE NCC ( Europe , the former Soviet Union and the Middle East ) .
The IANA list shows the status of all 256 blocks of 16777216 addresses identified by the first 8 - bit number in the IP v4 address .
This is a graphical representation of the IANA global pool ( updated weekly ) .
The RIR data indicates how much address space the RIRs have delegated to internet service providers ( and sometimes end - users ) .
The changes over the course of 2009 are as follows :
Delegated Blocks +/- 2009 Addresses Used Available to /status ( in millions ) AfriNIC 2 33.55 14.89 18.66 APNIC 34 +4 570.42 540.36 30.06 ARIN 31 520.09 486.58 33.51 LACNIC 6 100.66 79.77 20.89 RIPE NCC 30 +4 503.32 450.11 53.21 RIRs subtotal 103 +8 1728.05 1571.71 156.34 LEGACY 92 1543.50 1413.88 129.62 UNALLOCATED 26 -8 436.21 436.21 Totals 221 3707.76 2985.59 722.17
The RIRs requested an unusually small number of / 8s from IANA : only eight .
As a result , APNIC is well below the nine months working inventory threshold , so it should be getting no less than six additional / 8s soon to get back to 18 months working inventory .
Similarly , ARIN should be getting five additional / 8s soon .
This would bring us to 15 / 8s remaining in the IANA global pool , and should allow for regular operation for about the rest of the year .
Then in early 2011 , the next round of delegations will have to happen , which may or may not hit the magic fifth - to - last / 8 , after which the remaining four will be given to the other four RIRs and then each RIR will run out of IP v4 space at its own pace .
The total number of available addresses is slightly higher than the previously mentioned figure at 3707.76 million because the table above includes 172.16.0.0/12 and 192.168.0.0/16 , which are set aside for private use .
Networks 0.0.0.0/8 and 127.0.0.0/8 are n't usable because of special uses and 10.0.0.0 / 8 is also set aside for private use .
224 - 239 are multicast addresses , and 240 - 255 is class E , which is " reserved for future use " .
The 2985 million addresses currently in use are n't very evenly distributed over the countries in the world .
The current top 15 is :
2010-01-01 2009-01-01 increase Country 1 - US 1495.13 M 1458.21 M 2.3 % United States 2 - CN 232.45 M 181.80 M 27.9 % China 3 - JP 177.15 M 151.56 M 16.9 % Japan 4 - EU 149.48 M 120.29 M 24.3 % Multi-country in Europe 5 ( 6 ) DE 86.51 M 81.75 M 5.8 % Germany 6 ( 9 ) KR 77.77 M 66.82 M 16.4 % Korea 7 - CA 76.96 M 74.49 M 3.3 % Canada 8 - FR 75.54 M 68.04 M 11.0 % France 9 ( 5 ) GB 74.18 M 86.31 M - 14.1 % United Kingdom 10 - AU 39.77 M 36.26 M 9.7 % Australia 11 - BR 33.95 M 29.75 M 14.1 % Brazil 12 - IT 33.50 M 29.64 M 13.0 % Italy 13 ( 14 ) RU 28.47 M 23.18 M 22.8 % Russia 14 ( 13 ) TW 27.10 M 24.01 M 12.9 % Taiwan 15 ( 17 ) NL 22.84 M 21.67 M 5.4 % Netherlands
The reduction in address use by the UK is because net 51.0.0.0 / 8 is now registered as country " EU " rather than " GB " .
In 2008 , the United States was the biggest user of new address space with 50 million new addresses put into use .
China was second with 46.50 million .
In 2009 , they swapped places : China used up 50.65 million addresses and the US a mere 36.92 million .
The US now holds 50.1 % of the IP v4 address space in use , down from 52.4 % last year .
The total for the top 15 excluding the US is now 38 % , up from 35.8 % .
The rest of the world gets the remaining 12 % , up from 11.8 % .
The size of address blocks given out was increasing until 2005 , and then started decreasing .
The table below shows the number of delegations for a certain range of block sizes ( equal or higher than the first , lower than the second value ) .
2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 < 1000 745 1022 1309 1507 1830 1896 1747 1000 - 8000 1009 1516 1891 2265 2839 3235 3185 8000 - 64 k 1014 1100 1039 1192 1015 1129 1169 64 k - 500 k 215 404 309 419 395 410 403 500 k - 2M 46 61 60 57 62 82 70 > 2M 6 7 18 17 24 18 21
In millions of addresses : 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 < 1000 0.25 0.35 0.44 0.51 0.63 0.65 0.59 1000 - 8000 3.45 4.49 5.07 5.83 6.93 7.75 7.55 8000 - 64 k 14.00 15.99 15.46 18.01 15.67 17.40 18.01 64 k - 500 k 25.51 42.01 34.23 50.86 50.83 52.58 50.50 500 k - 2 M 31.98 44.63 41.63 46.69 45.50 57.41 49.28 > 2 M 12.58 20.97 68.62 52.43 67.37 54.00 54.12
Numbers of delegations and their average size :
Year Blocks Addresses ( M ) Average block size 2000 2794 78.35 28043 2001 2824 88.95 31497 2002 2463 68.93 27985 2003 3035 87.77 28921 2004 4110 128.45 31252 2005 4626 165.45 35765 2006 5457 174.32 31945 2007 6165 186.92 30320 2008 6770 189.79 28035 2009 6595 180.06 27302
( The numbers of addresses given out are lower here because ARIN often attributes the delegation of new addresses to a previous year , this view does n't correct for that . )
Also see the address use reports for 2005 , 2006 , 2007 and 2008 .
Dossier Les FAI au banc d'essai L'intégralité des classements , hebdomadaires et mensuels , relatifs à l'accès Internet , à la téléphonie et à la télévision , en partenariat avec Witbe .
Envoyer Imprimer
Classements de la semaine
Semaine du 4 juillet au 10 juillet 2011 Accès haut débit , téléphonie Internet , solutions TV ...
Désormais , avec Witbe , découvrez chaque semaine quelles performances les FAI français ont réalisées .
La mise à jour est effectuée tous les mardis .
» Qualité des offres daccès Internet Disponibilité connexion Accessibilité Internet Confort de navigation Tenue du débit Bouygues Telecom Darty Free neufbox de SFR Numéricable Orange » Qualité des offres de téléphonie par Internet Appels
Disponibles Appels
Rapides Appels
Bonne Qualité Appels
Qualité Stable Bouygues Telecom Darty
Free neufbox de SFR Numéricable Orange » Qualité des offres de télévision par Internet Taux d'indisponibilité Temps de
zapping Qualité moyenne de l'image Durée moyenne
des perturbations Bouygues Telecom Darty Free Numericable Orange SFR NeufBox Chaque mois , et chaque semaine depuis le mois d'avril 2010 , le " benchmarking des FAI " - mesuré et calculé par Witbe pour le JDN et L'Internaute Magazine - vous propose de suivre les performances des fournisseurs d'accès à Internet .
Trois baromètres sont réalisés : accès Internet , téléphonie sur Internet et télévision sur Internet .
FAI : le guide de la rédaction
ADSL , ToIP , TV ...
L'Internaute tient à jour un guide de l'accès Internet , regroupant toutes les offres des fournisseurs d'accès ainsi que les infos pratiques pour bien comprendre le monde des FAI .
Lire
Rédaction L'Internaute
JDN Hightech Envoyer Imprimer
Haut de page
( Two customers are unloading $ 250 of cat food and bread onto my checkout . )
Me : “ Hey , you having a good day ? ”
Customer : “ Yes . ”
Me : “ So , you got a lot of cats ? ”
Customer : “ No .
We just leave it outside overnight . ”
Me : “ Oh , right .
What ’s with the bread , you having some sort of party or something ? ”
( Keep in mind this is a good 50 loaves of bread . )
Customer : * vaguely * “ Oh , no , we ’re going to the duck pond later today . ”
I asked friends to explain their rationale for voting before and after the recent Massachusetts election that sent Republican Scott Brown to fill a U.S. Senate seat that had been held by Democrats since 1954 .
Opinions of Coakley ranged from “ mediocre party hack ” to “ evil opponent of citizens ’ rights to , for example , videotape the police making arrests . ”
Nonetheless , all voted for Coakley with the expectation that she would hold the Senate seat until her death or retirement .
The main reason cited was that they wanted her to be in the Senate to vote for the latest $ 1 trillion health care spending bill .
I.e. , they were electing her for decades , regardless of her fitness for the job , because they thought that her one vote on one bill would be so important .
I pointed out that the health care bill would n’t change anything in Massachusetts .
We already have a similar state law that requires residents to purchase health insurance and , if they ca n’t afford it , sticks taxpayers with the bill ( this increased demand for health insurance has resulted in insurers raising premiums to the highest prices in the U.S. , and probably the world ) .
“ But people in other states wo n’t have guaranteed insurance , ” was the response .
I pointed out that the federal bill would still leave tens of millions uninsured ( earlier post ) .
“ It will be a lot better than what they have now . ”
I then reminded the Coakley voter that Massachusetts gets back only 82 cents of every federal tax dollar ( source ) .
Did he or she really want to pay for health insurance for some guy in Alabama ( $ 1.66 back for every dollar put in ) ?
The answer was a resounding “ Yes ! ”
If we wanted to be altruistic , was it truly better to buy gold - plated medical care for people in other states than to help out folks in Haiti who have nothing ?
The answer was that we can easily afford to do both .
Separately , a look at the election results map revealed that there was a fairly strong correlation between being bled by the government and voting for the Republican and being fattened by the government and voting for the Democrat .
Economic basketcase towns such as Springfield , where the primary sources of income are Welfare or government jobs , were solidly for Coakley .
Inner city districts where people live in public housing ( perhaps next door to Barack Obama ’s Aunt Zeituni ) voted for additional government expansion ; suburban districts where people work long hours at private employers and pay heavy taxes to support 35 - hour / week government workers voted for Brown .
What can the Democrats learn from this ?
If they can somehow ensure that 51 percent of voters are collecting Welfare , working for the government , or somehow else being net beneficiaries of government spending , they should be able to control the U.S. indefinitely .
As rights advocates and lawmakers called on the White House Friday to grant a special shield to thousands of Haitians living illegally in the US , House Rep. Steve King went in another direction .
In an email sent to ABC News , the Iowa Republican argued that deporting Haitians would be good for the island country because it needs their help in the wake of Tuesday ’s earthquake .
ADVERTISEMENT
Arguing against granting Haitians “ Temporary Protected Status , ” King wrote : “ This sounds to me like open borders advocates exercising the Rahm Emanuel axiom : ‘ Never let a crisis go to waste . ’ …
Illegal immigrants from Haiti have no reason to fear deportation , but if they are deported , Haiti is in great need of relief workers , and many of them could be a big help to their fellow Haitians . ”
Temporary Protected Status , or TPS , would allow undocumented Haitians living in the United States to remain for a set period of time — usually 18 months .
That would allow them to renew or obtain drivers licenses , and work legally .
Supporters of such a move argue that TPS would also help Haiti to rebuild , as immigrants send remittances to loved ones in the poorest country in the Americas , devastated by a 7.0 - magnitude earthquake on Tuesday .
That was the argument Andrea Nill made at ThinkProgress when reporting on King ’s comments .
King blatantly ignores the fact that Haitian immigrants could probably do a lot more to rebuild Haiti by staying in the U.S. than by returning to the little that ’s left of their decimated country .
Allowing undocumented Haitians who are already living in the U.S. to legally work would help them earn the honest wages they need to send back money to their families and get their country back on its feet .
ADVERTISEMENT
Nill also points out that several Republicans are among the lawmakers on Capitol Hill who are pushing for a temporary amnesty for Haitians , including Lincoln Diaz - Balart ( R- FL ) , Mario Diaz - Balart ( R- FL ) and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ( R- FL ) .
According to Immigration and Customs Enforcement , authorities are processing deportation orders for 30,000 Haitians now in the United States .
The non-profit Migration Policy Institute said 76,000 illegal immigrants from Haiti live in the United States , with a further 535,000 legally residing here , two thirds of them being adults of a working age .
ADVERTISEMENT
Rights advocates have long depicted the current immigration laws as uneven , while even proponents of strict curbs on immigration said TPS was appropriate for Haiti now .
Some Central Americans enjoy the immigration shield , while Haitians do not .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This is why TPS exists , ” said Dustin Carnevale , a spokesman for the Washington - based Federation for American Immigration Reform referring to the quake ’s aftermath .
The protection is meant as relief for immigrants from countries reeling from natural disaster or political strife .
“ If this is n’t a case for TPS , then what is ? ”
Carnevale said though that TPS had been “ abused ” in the past with continued extensions .
Immigrants from Honduras and Nicaragua have enjoyed the shield since Hurricane Mitch , which occurred in 1997 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Democratic Congressman Kendrick Meek , who represents a Miami district where many Haitians live , reiterated his support for TPS , but said it was not the most urgent issue .
“ Just to be clear :
The US government halted the deportation of non-criminal Haitians living in the US nearly a year ago and is not currently deporting illegal Haitian immigrants in the aftermath of this week ’s earthquake .
“ I have always pushed for TPS for Haitians in the US , but right now my concern is for those whose lives hang in the balance . ”
The temporary status “ is in the range of considerations , ” said Department of Homeland Security spokesman Matt Chandler .
ADVERTISEMENT
Haitian Consul General in Miami Ralph Latortue said Thursday he was aware of US federal government movement on the issue but was not aware of any decision having been made .
The Migration Policy Institute also estimated that one in every 20 Haitians lived in the United States , more than 70 percent of them in New York or Florida .
— With Agence France - Presse
The nightmares still plague him .
The terrifying mortar attacks .
The loss of an Albanian soldier and ally , mutilated by shrapnel .
The Iraqi children , bloodied and battered , lined up for medical care at the U.S. base at Mosul .
Two years after returning from his service in Iraq , U.S. Army Spc. Jack Barrios , 26 , is fighting sleeplessness , sudden angry outbursts , aversion to emotional intimacy and other fallout from his post - traumatic stress disorder .
But as he undergoes counseling and swallows anti-depressants , the soldier is fighting an even bigger battle : to keep his family from collapsing as his wife , an undocumented immigrant from Guatemala , faces deportation .
His wife , 23 - year - old Frances , was illegally brought to the United States by her mother at age 6 , learned of her status in high school and discovered just last year that removal proceedings have been started .
Her possible deportation has left Barrios in panic as he contemplates life without her .
Advertisement
The Army reservist says his wife is the family ’s anchor , caring for their year - old daughter and 3 - year - old son and helping him battle his post - traumatic stress .
“ She ’s my everything , ” Barrios said as he sat glumly in the family ’s sparsely furnished but tidy Van Nuys apartment .
“ Without her , I ca n’t function .
It would be like taking away a part of my soul . ”
Hundreds of U.S. soldiers are facing the same trouble as they fight to legalize their spouses ’ status , a difficult process that has affected their military readiness , according to Margaret Stock , a lieutenant colonel in the Army Reserves and an immigration attorney specializing in military cases .
Stock , speaking as a private attorney , said she gets at least one call a day from soldiers facing the deportation of spouses .
Many are so stressed out they ca n’t concentrate on their jobs , she said .
Advertisement
“ The whole military system depends on families being support networks for soldiers , ” said Stock .
“ They ’re an integral part of military readiness , so we need to take care of them . ”
Concerned about the effect immigration problems are having on military families , U.S. Rep. Zoe Lofgren ( D - San Jose ) has held hearings on the issue and last year introduced a bill to give undocumented spouses of U.S. soldiers a chance at gaining legal status .
Lofgren , who heads the House immigration subcommittee , said she plans to include the provision for military families in the comprehensive immigration reform bill that could be unveiled early next year .
“ It ’s about respecting the American soldier and the sacrifices they have made , ” Lofgren said .
Advertisement
The issue has divided traditional allies .
Her bill was co-sponsored by two Republican members of the House Armed Services committee but opposed by their GOP colleagues on the House immigration subcommittee .
The American Legion spoke out against the bill , but the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America supported it .
“ Our soldiers fight and , in some cases , give their lives to preserve the rule of law .
It seems ironic indeed that some would propose to disregard the rule of law just as another reward or inducement to serve our country , ” U.S. Rep .
Steve King ( R - Iowa ) told the House immigration subcommittee at the May hearing last year .
But the Iraq and Afghanistan veterans group has made the issue of legal status for military families one of its legislative priorities .
Advertisement
“ The last thing troops in the American military should be worrying about while deployed is the possibility that their spouses at home may be deported , ” the group ’s legislative agenda says .
The issue has also been highlighted in a new documentary , “ Second Battle , ” by the Brave New Foundation , a Culver City - based media group that has launched a film series exploring the effect of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars on Americans .
For most families like the Barrioses , the options are bleak .
Because she entered U.S. illegally , Frances cannot apply for a green card unless she returns to her native country .
If she did that , her illegal status would bar her from returning to this country for 10 years unless she got a waiver .
Getting one is difficult , Stock said .
Some soldiers have quit the military to move with their spouses .
Others have divorced or chosen to live apart , often to give their children a better life in America , Stock said .
Advertisement
A few have managed to attract high - level attention and receive legal status .
In 2007 , Michael Chertoff , then the secretary of Homeland Security , asked the courts to end removal proceedings against the illegal immigrant wife of Army Spc. Alex Jimenez , who went missing in action that year .
The action , requested by Sen. John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) , allowed Jimenez ’s wife to apply for a green card .
Jessica Dominguez , the Barrios family ’s attorney , said one glimmer of hope is that Frances has been in the U.S. longer than 10 years .
That gives her standing to seek cancellation of her removal orders by arguing that her deportation would cause her U.S. citizen husband and children “ exceptional and extremely unusual hardship . ”
To Jack Barrios , his wife is just as American as he is .
She speaks better English than Spanish and has a high school diploma and ambitions to be a teacher .
She has no criminal record .
Their roots in Van Nuys run deep .
Jack was born in Los Angeles and moved to the Valley with his family as a child .
They went to the same school , Erwin Elementary , where their son , Matthew , now attends preschool .
Advertisement
They live in the same complex on Oxnard Street where Frances Barrios grew up .
The two - bedroom apartment is decorated with Jack ’s military photos , an Army medal of commendation and a certificate of wartime service in Iraq .
When Jack announced in 2004 that he wanted to join the Army , Frances was apprehensive .
They wanted to start a family and she worried about his deployment to dangerous areas .
But Jack had made up his mind .
“ You ’ve got to give back something to this country for the freedoms we have , ” Jack said then , reminding his wife of their blessings here .
Jack ’s sister , a pharmacist who lived in Guatemala , was shot and killed when her office refused to pay protection money to local gangs , he said .
The call for deployment to Iraq came in 2006 , when Matthew was just a few months old .
Frances said she was terrified , especially when she had to sign copies of her husband ’s will and life insurance papers .
Advertisement
He returned a year later -- safe , but not sound .
When Frances Barrios tried to talk about how much her husband had changed after Iraq , she began to sob quietly .
He used to be a clown , she said , always the life of the party .
Now , she said , he erupts in anger .
He seems cold .
He barely speaks .
Not about his day .
Not about his dreams .
Certainly not about Iraq .
Sometimes , he wakes up in the middle of the night and sits in the darkened living room , mute and expressionless , staring straight ahead .
When Frances asks what ’s wrong , he does n’t even acknowledge her , she said .
Advertisement
“ I love him , but it does hurt , ” she said , tears rolling down her cheeks .
“ He has changed so much , and I wish I had the other Jack back . ”
Jack cannot easily express why he has changed so much .
Maybe , he said , he shut down his emotions to get through the daily terrors in Iraq .
He said he is constantly on guard and can no longer stand crowds .
He knows he is impatient with his children .
He knows he is stressed out by his daily life : a two - job , 15 - hour workday that begins with him waking up at 3:30 a.m. to get to his first job as a driver for UPS , then to his second job at an auto parts firm .
Advertisement
And , he said , he knows that his life will collapse without his wife by his side .
As his parents speak of their pain , Matthew squeals with delight on his Playskool truck .
Moon - faced Allanna gurgles and smiles as she crawls across the living room .
Whatever happens , the children , both U.S. - born citizens , will stay here .
There is no future for them in Guatemala .
But their mother ’s heart breaks at the thought of separation .
“ I ’m with them all day , ” Frances says of her children , sobbing .
“ I cook , I clean .
It will be too much for Jack .
It ’s hard enough for him already . ”
Advertisement
Barrios said his wife never intentionally broke any laws .
She was just a small child when she was taken across the border without papers .
“ I just want my girl to stay here and be part of this country , ” he says .
“ Why should we have to break up our family ?
We just want to have the American Dream , just like everyone else . ”
--
teresa.watanabe@latimes.com
We take a look back at some of the countries that emerged as hot new travel spots over the last 10 years
EDINBURGH ( Reuters Life ! ) - American folklorist Nancy Groce could n’t believe her eyes when she spotted what appeared to be a letter by Jean Armor , widow of Scotland ’s national bard Robert Burns , in a New York junk shop .
But the letter from Jean to family friend Maria Riddell dated 1804 was not a reproduction and Groce , who is on the staff of the Library of Congress in Washington , donated it to the National Library of Scotland on the anniversary of Burns ’s birth on Monday .
Robert ( 1759 - 1796 ) and Jean ( 1765 - 1834 ) , were married around 1788 , and she bore him nine children , both in and out of wedlock .
The January 25th anniversary of his birth is marked every year by an outpouring of affection for the poet probably unique in world literature , with whisky glasses raised to toast the “ Immortal Memory ” of Burns on five continents around the world .
Groce told Reuters that through her work she had gained some knowledge of Scottish history and literature .
She spotted the letter last July by pure luck , while going through a junk shop in New York ’s Greenwich Village .
“ My immediate reaction was ‘ Oh , it ca n’t be ’ , then my second reaction was it must be a facsimile of a letter , you know the sort a tourist would pick up , ” she said .
She said she talked to the shop owner and noticed the letter was in a very cheap frame between bits of crockery and old oil paintings .
The owner wanted about $ 200 for the letter , but Groce told him she thought that that was quite a lot for a facsimile .
Then she went away , researched the letter and decided to go back for a closer look .
That ’s when she noticed that the letter showed signs of pretty substantive wear and had bits of wax on it , which would be consistent with it being a manuscript .
“ By that point the seller said he wanted one hundred dollars , not a couple of hundred , and I offered something less , so I bought it for 75 dollars , ” Groce said .
“ It was just luck that I had enough knowledge of Burns to think that it might be real and it sort of threw itself in my path . ”
In the letter , the poet ’s wife begins by thanking “ Madam ” for her “ kind inquiry after my family and that you wished to know what was become of Mr Burns children . ”
Jean then goes on to tell the recipient about the fortunes of her children .
A spokesman for the National Gallery said experts had authenticated the letter .
The library had a facsimile of it dated from 1947 but the original had disappeared .
It is not known how it ended up in a New York junk shop .
Groce said the letter gives the lie to suggestions that Jean Burns was illiterate .
“ I felt the truth is very much different , that she was a very capable , sensible woman who really looked after and nurtured both his children and his legacy after he was gone . ”
The New York Times website is set to charge readers for access .
A decision is expected in days and an announcement " within weeks , " according to a report .
The Times will likely deploy a metered system , meaning you can read a certain number of articles for free before you 're prompted to pay up .
However , the system wo n't be implemented for a few months — likely in the spring .
The move is a gamble for the Times , which previously tried charging for content from columnists through TimesSelect — readership fell and the project was abandoned .
With ad revenues not meeting costs , however , the Times is taking another shot at the paid model .
NYMag writes of the move :
" The decision to go paid is monumental for the Times , and culminates a yearlong debate that grew contentious , people close to the talks say .
In favor of a paid model were Keller and managing editor Jill Abramson .
Nisenholtz and former deputy managing editor Jon Landman , who was until recently in charge of nytimes.com , advocated for a free site . "
Will you pay to access the New York Times online ?
Let us know in the comments .
Liability for fraud said to be unfairly shifted from merchants to customers
A widely deployed system intended to reduce on - line payment card fraud is fraught with security problems , according to University of Cambridge researchers .
The system is called 3 - D Secure ( 3DS ) but known better under the names Verified by Visa and MasterCard SecureCode .
Implemented and paid for by e-commerce vendors , the systems require a person to enter a password or portions of a password to complete an on - line purchase .
As a reward for investing in the systems , merchants are less liable for fraudulent transactions and are stuck with fewer chargebacks .
But banks such as the Royal Bank of Scotland are now holding consumers to a higher level of liability if fraudulent transactions occur using either system , said Steven J. Murdoch , a security researcher at the University of Cambridge .
That is despite what Murdoch and security engineering professor Ross Anderson contend are several flaws with 3DS .
They wrote a seven - page paper on the topic , which Anderson presented on Tuesday at the Financial Cryptography and Data Security conference in Tenerife on Spain 's Canary Islands .
One of their main points is how 3DS is integrated into Web sites during a transaction .
E- Commerce
Web sites display 3DS in an iframe , which is a window that brings content from one Web site into another .
The e-commerce Web site connects directly to a bank , which solicits a person 's password in the iframe .
If the password is right , the transaction is complete .
But the researchers argue that since there 's no URL displayed with the iframe , it 's difficult to tell whether it 's genuine or not .
3DS also allows people to set their password immediately as they enroll in the system , a process called " activation during shopping " ( ADS ) .
The ADS enrollment will ask for some other piece of information , such as a birth date , in order to confirm the setting of the password .
That 's a security issue since birth dates are easily obtainable , the researchers argue .
Since the password is also solicited during a transaction , people are less likely to carefully select one since they 're more eager to complete the transaction , Murdoch and Anderson wrote .
3DS is vulnerable to phishing , where fraudsters use various methods such as spurious e-mails in order to elicit a person 's password .
Customers are also unlikely to closely read the terms and conditions , which means customers could end up paying for bad transactions using their card .
Murdoch said he has n't heard , however , of a customer being held liable for a fraudulent 3DS transaction .
Murdoch said there are other systems on the market that guarantee that the person who is doing a transaction is who they say they are by using their mobile phone .
Those systems can involve generating one - time passcodes on a person 's mobile phone that are entered as part of an e-commerce purchase .
Another method is sending a SMS ( short message service ) verification to a person 's mobile phone along with a one - time passcode that can be entered during the e-commerce transaction .
However , " most banks have chosen to go for passwords than anything better , " Murdoch said .
" Passwords are really cheap . "
Merchants must pay to implement SecureCode or Verified by Visa , where the systems mentioned above would likely require the banks to spend money , Murdoch said .
In a statement , Visa defended its system , saying criminals will always try to defeat security measures but that it had reduced fraud and made consumers more comfortable with on - line transactions .
" Verified by Visa is one layer of security that makes fraud more difficult by helping to prove that a genuine cardholder is taking part in the transactions , " the statement said .
" Taken in isolation , this will not solve the massively complex issue of fraud , and Visa has never claimed that it would do so . "
MasterCard officials could not be immediately reached for comment .
Ben Goldacre , The Guardian , Saturday 16 January 2010
Every now and then you have to salute a genius .
Both the Daily Mail and the Metro report new research analysing the positions of Britain ’s ancient sites , and the results are startling : primitive man had his own form of “ sat nav ” .
Researcher Tom Brooks analysed 1,500 prehistoric monuments , and found them all to be on a grid of isosceles triangles , each pointing to the next site , allowing our ancestors to travel between settlements with pinpoint accuracy .
The papers even carried an example of his map work , which I have reproduced here .
That this pattern could occur simply because one site was on the way to the next was not considered .
Mr Brooks has proven , he explains , that there were keen mathematicians here 5,000 years ago , millennia before the Greeks invented geometry : “ Such is the mathematical precision , it is inconceivable that this work could have been carried out by the primitive indigenous culture we have always associated with such structures … all this suggests a culture existing in these islands in the past quite outside our expectation and experience today . ”
He does not rule out extraterrestrial help .
In the Metro Tom Brooks is a researcher .
To the Daily Mail he is a researcher , a historian , and a writer .
I hope it ’s not rude or unfair for me to add “ retired marketing executive of Honiton , Devon ” .
Matt Parker , his nemesis , is based in the School of Mathematical Sciences at Queen Mary , University of London .
He has applied the same techniques used by Mr Brooks to another mysterious and lost civilisation .
“ We know so little about the ancient Woolworth stores , ” he explains , “ but we do still know their locations .
I thought that if we analysed the sites we could learn more about what life was like in 2008 and how these people went about buying cheap kitchen accessories and discount CDs . ”
The results revealed an exact and precise geometric placement of the Woolworths locations .
“ Three stores around Birmingham formed an exact equilateral triangle ( Wolverhampton , Lichfield and Birmingham stores ) and if the base of the triangle is extended , it forms a 173.8 mile line linking the Conwy and Luton stores .
Despite the 173.8 mile distance involved , the Conway Woolworths store is only 40 feet off the exact line and the Luton site is within 30 feet .
All four stores align with an accuracy of 0.05 % . ”
Matt Parker used an ancient technique : he found his patterns in 800 ex-Woolworth locations by “ skipping over the vast majority , and only choosing the few that happen to line - up ” .
With 1500 locations , Mr Brooks had almost twice as much data to work with , and on this issue Parker is clear : “ It is extremely important to look at how much data people are using to support an argument .
For example , the case for global warming covers vast amounts of comprehensive evidence , but it is still possible for people to search through the data and find a few isolated examples that appear to show otherwise . ”
The Australian arm of the fast - food chain KFC has been accused of racial insensitivity over a television commercial showing an outnumbered white cricket fan handing out pieces of fried chicken to appease a dancing , drumming and singing group of black West Indian supporters .
Aired as part of a series called " KFC 's cricket survival guide " , the 30 - second clip depicts an uncomfortable looking man named Mick wearing a green and yellow Australian cricket shirt , surrounded on all sides in a cricket stand by high spirited Caribbean fans .
" Need a tip when you 're stuck in an awkward situation ? "
Mick asks .
He then passes round a bucket of KFC chicken , the drumming stops and he remarks : " Too easy . "
Although intended only for an Antipodean audience , the clip has quickly found its way around the world on the internet , prompting stinging criticism in the US where fried chicken remains closely associated with age - old racist stereotypes about black people in the once segregated south .
A writer at one US newspaper , the Baltimore Sun , questioned whether the ad was a spoof , remarking : " If it is a genuine KFC advertisement , it could be seen as racially insensitive . "
Another on - line commentator , Jack Shepherd of BuzzFeed , asks : " What 's a white guy to do when he finds himself in a crowd full of black folks ?
KFC has the answer . "
KFC Australia has come out fighting , saying that the commercial was a " light - hearted reference to the West Indian cricket team " that had been " misinterpreted by a segment of people in the US . "
The company said : " The ad was reproduced online in the US without KFC 's permission , where we are told a culturally - based stereotype exists , leading to the incorrect assertion of racism .
" We unequivocally condemn discrimination of any type and have a proud history as one of the world 's leading employers for diversity . "
In the Australian media , the reaction has been mixed , with some commentators accusing Americans of " insularity " .
Brendon O'Connor , an associate professor at the University of Sydney , told 9 Network News that the association between fried chicken and ethnic minorities was a distinctly US issue : " They have a tendency to think that their history is more important than that of other countries . "
The flare - up comes three months after another racial controversy between Australia and the US in which the American singer Harry Connick Jr , appearing as a judge on an Australian television talent show , reacted strongly to a skit in which a group of singers appeared with blacked up faces to emulate the Jackson Five .
On the show , called " Hey , Hey It 's Saturday " , Connick gave the group zero points and demanded an apology from the broadcaster , remarking : " If they turned up looking like that in the United States , it would be like ' hey , hey , there 's no more show ' . "
WASHINGTON , DC -- Officials in the Obama White House are considering the possibility that the Christmas day attempt by Nigerian terrorist Umar Farouk Mutallab to blow up an airliner about to land in Detroit was deliberately and intentionally facilitated by unnamed networks inside the US intelligence community .
This was the gist of a report by Richard Wolf delivered in this evening 's edition of cable network MSNBC 's Countdown program , hosted by Keith Olbermann .
This report comes on the eve of a special White House interagency conference convoked by Obama to deal with the massive systemic failure of US intelligence in allowing the Yemen alumnus Mutallab to board the Amsterdam to Detroit flight while allegedly carrying a PETN explosive device on his person .
Wolf attributed his account to top officials in the Obama White House .
The intentional sabotage of US antiterrorist screening procedures would explain why Mutallab had been able to use his US visa , escape interrogation and special searches , and board his flight , even though he was festooned with every red flag in the annals of airport security .
If Wolf 's report is accurate , these Obama officials may be pulling on a thread which could begin to unravel the entire secret structure of illegitimate power which has afflicted this country -- in this case , the apparatus which manufactures terrorist incidents for political purposes of mass manipulation , dictatorship , and war .
TURF WAR OR DESIRE TO EMBARRASS OBAMA ?
Wolf offered two possible explanations cited by his White House sources for the intentional sabotage of security procedures , resulting in yet another egregious failure to connect the dots .
The first was a " turf war " inside the intelligence community , with one agency seeking to hoard information and deny it to others .
The second was the desire to " embarrass " some leading figures , presumably referring to partisan animus or other resentments against Obama and his top appointees .
ANSWER : RE - LAUNCHING THE " GLOBAL WAR ON TERROR " VIA YEMEN But Obama and his advisors should be urged to consider a third explanation far more plausible than either of these .
This third explanation would include the desire of a rogue network inside the US government to unleash a new wave of Islamophobic hysteria to rehabilitate the discredited " global war on terror " strategy in a new and more sophisticated form , while imposing a new round of outrageous and degrading search procedures at airports ( such as the full body scanners peddled by the venal Michael Chertoff ) to soften up the American people for heightened totalitarian control and political repression .
All of this , moreover , in ways that will be politically harmful to Obama .
The foreign policy rationale of Mutallab 's spectacular near miss in the skies over at Detroit would include the current US campaign of ginning up the three - cornered Yemen civil war so as to threaten and weaken both Saudi Arabia and Iran , each of whom is backing a faction in that civil war .
Another benefit is to enhance the US presence in Yemen , a country which controls the exit from the Red Sea and thus all traffic coming out of the Suez Canal , one of the great naval chokepoints of the world and vital for the commerce of China , a leading US rival .
Yet another advantage would be to suppress criticism of Obama 's West Point expansion of the existing war in Afghanistan to include an all - out assault on the territorial integrity and statehood of Pakistan .
As a result of Mutallab 's handiwork , Obama has now declared a new Axis of Evil composed of Afghanistan - Pakistan , Somalia , and Yemen .
Yemen in particular has been catapulted to the center of international attention by an Anglo - American propaganda blitzkrieg of monumental proportions .
Gold is where you find it , and you often find it in strange locations , as in this case .
If Wolf 's report is correct , these unnamed officials in the Obama White House might well be on the trail of the rogue network or secret government which has deliberately and cynically manufactured the majority of the large - scale terrorism incidents of recent decades .
This rogue network is older than Obama , older than Bush and Cheney , older than Clinton .
It goes back many decades , and its calling cards have included such catastrophes as the Kennedy assassination , the Gulf of Tonkin incident , the Iran - Contra affair , and 9/11 .
The rogue network and the bankers who control it obviously regard Obama as an expendable puppet destined , like Jimmy Carter 30 years ago , to go down in the shipwreck of his administration 's Wall Street - inspired policies .
As of this evening , it cannot be excluded that the Obama forces might fire some of the leading moles who made the Mutallab incident possible .
If they do , that purge will be an important step in the right direction .
In the meantime , three unauthorized entries into the White House over the last several months have doubtless served as a deterrent reminder to Obama that the rogue network can get to him at any time .
According to Wolf 's report , the Obama White House officials are approaching the rogue network from the side of its mole component .
The moles are subversive government officials who disdain the Constitution and instead serve a private network ultimately centered in Wall Street .
One basic task of the moles is to make sure that patsies like Mutallab are not interfered with , no matter how suspicious their behavior , and no matter how many times they violate the law .
If Mutallab 's kamikaze mission had produced an explosion , these same moles would have been the first to leak the news that the bomber was a jihadi from Nigeria .
The moles would then have sabotaged any investigation , which is what they are doing tonight as this is written .
MUTALLAB FESTOONED WITH RED FLAGS Mutallab had been denied a visa to enter the United Kingdom , despite the fact that his family owned a luxury apartment in London 's West End .
His name had been placed on the UK watch list .
Mutallab's father , a prominent Nigerian banker , personally denounced him to the CIA and the State Department as a possible extremist who was then in Yemen , most probably at a training camp .
Nevertheless , Mutallab 's visa was not revoked .
Mutallab had met the infamous Anwar Awlaki , who had just received a wave of publicity for his relations with Major Hasan the Fort Hood patsy .
Chatter from the Yemen patsy milieu monitored by the US contained references to " the Nigerian " ­ meaning Mutallab .
Mutallab paid cash for his ticket in Ghana , checked no luggage , and entered Nigeria illegally , but was nevertheless permitted to embark on the first leg of his mission .
In London , Mutallab was assisted by a " well - dressed Indian , " who told the gate agent that Mutallab was a Sudanese who did not have a passport .
Nevertheless , Mutallab was allowed to board .
As the present writer stated in a Dec. 28 interview on Russia Today , Only the active complicity of treasonous moles can explain Mutallab 's miraculous immunity to all surveillance and screening despite all these factors of suspicion .
LONDONISTAN : THE SCHOOL FOR PATSIES
But the moles are not the only component in the murderous apparatus of false flag terrorism of the type put on display over Detroit on Christmas Day .
Patsies like Mutallab must be recruited from the ranks of misfits , psychotics , fanatics , dupes , criminals , and the mentally impaired .
They must be equipped with an appropriate synthetic ideology of the type which Mutallab evidently acquired during his years in that immense school for patsies which is the MI - 6's artificially cultivated milieu of the Londonistan jihadis , the trendy Islamist radicals of the British capital .
AWLAKI THE CIA LACKEY Patsies like Mutallab must then be carefully sheep - dipped to establish a connection with " Al Qaeda , " in reality the CIA Moslem Legion .
Mutallab underwent the requisite sheep - dip through his contacts with the incendiary firebrand Anwar Awlaki , now thoroughly exposed as a double agent and patsy recruiter / patsy chaperone working for the United States and well deserving of the epithet Awlaki the CIA Lackey .
Awlaki had been implicated in the cases of supposed 9/11 Pentagon suicide pilot Hani Hanjour , and then of Major Hasan of Fort Hood , among others .
NEEDED : MOLE DETECTORS AT NSC , CIA , DEFENSE
The paradigm of false flag " Islamist terrorism " deployed once again on Christmas Day by this rogue network which cuts across the top echelons of the executive departments and agencies of the US government is now frayed , worn , and threadbare .
It is rent with gaping holes .
The inherent disadvantage of false flag terrorism as a strategy of mass manipulation lies in the diminishing returns which this method is capable of producing : the more it is repeated , the more people begin to suspect that it is a fraud and sham .
The flying patsy routine has been repeated ad nauseam , from the retarded Richard Reid the Shoe Bomber of December 2001 to Mutallab the Knicker - Bomber of December 2009 .
Over the past ten days , the genuine exasperation of columnists and editorial writers over this latest blatant failure to connect the most elementary of dots has suggested that all the naïve cover stories are about to collapse in a shock of recognition that networks infesting the US government do indeed actively create and produce terrorist events for their own evil purposes .
We need mole detectors at the NSC , CIA , State Department , and Pentagon ­ not more harassment of the traveling public .
Persons of good will should mobilize to expose the Detroit patsy operation as a crude and blatant false flag event designed to promote foreign wars and domestic repression .
Call the White House .
Call your Congressman .
Write a letter to the editor .
You never know who might catch on .
In a 5 - to - 4 decision today , the U.S. Supreme Court decided that corporations have the " right " to spend an unlimited amount of money to influence and manipulate federal elections .
The decision overturns more than a century of law and precedent .
Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - FL ) immediately condemned the decision .
" This is the worst Supreme Court decision since the Dred Scott case , " Grayson said .
" It leads us all down the road to serfdom . "
The court decision completely ignores the likelihood that corporations will spend money to elect officials who will do their bidding , and punish those who wo n't .
It allows unlimited election spending by all corporations , even foreign ones .
" The Supreme Court has decided to protect the rights of GE , Volkswagen , Lukoil and Aramco , at the expense of our right to good government , " Grayson added .
Congressman Grayson was in the courtroom when the U.S. Supreme Court announced its decision .
Grayson circulated a petition yesterday , saying : " Unlimited corporate spending on campaigns means the government is up for sale , and that the law itself will be bought and sold . "
Within hours , over 10,000 people had signed the petition .
Rep. Grayson delivered those petitions to the Court this morning .
Rep .
Grayson also has introduced five bills , the Save Our Democracy package , in anticipation of the Supreme Court 's ruling .
When he introduced the bills , Grayson said , " if this goes unchallenged , then you can kiss your country goodbye . "
Today , Rep. Grayson called for immediate action on his Save Our Democracy bills .
" If we do nothing , then before long , there wo n't be Senators from Oklahoma or Virginia , there will be Senators from Citibank and WalMart .
Maybe they will wear insignias on their $ 500 suits , like NASCAR drivers do . "
Grayson urges people to contact their Senators and Congressmen , and urge support for the Save Our Democracy bills .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
As many as 80 million Americans have been infected with H1N1 swine flu , up to 16,000 have been killed and more than 360,000 hospitalized , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Friday .
Men enter the Arlington Convention Center to receive their H1N1 flu vaccinations in Arlington , Texas November 24 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jessica Rinaldi
But 90 percent of the most vulnerable people remain unvaccinated , with only about 61 million Americans having received shots , the CDC said .
Swine flu vaccine is still widely available , with more than 130 million doses produced and 160 million people at high priority for getting the vaccine .
The pandemic , which began in March , is on the wane but health officials stress that influenza is unpredictable and could come back or mutate .
And this new virus , while it has not caused more deaths than seasonal influenza , has killed younger people than seasonal flu does .
About 90 percent of deaths in an average year are among people over 65 , while 90 percent of those seriously ill or killed by the new virus are much younger and include as many as 1,730 children .
VACCINE STRUGGLE
Health experts say vaccination is by far the best way to ensure the virus does not come back or mutate into a new and more dangerous form , but the vaccine rolled out slowly and the public is now skeptical of the need to be vaccinated .
The U.S. government struggled for months to work with vaccine makers to get immunizations out .
Now it is struggling to get rid of tens of millions of doses it purchased .
“ As of January 2 , an estimated 20.3 percent of the U.S. population ( 61 million persons ) had been vaccinated , including 27.9 percent of persons in the initial target groups and 37.5 percent of those in the limited vaccine subset , ” the CDC said in its report .
“ An estimated 29.4 percent of U.S. children aged 6 months to 18 years had been vaccinated . ”
The CDC said this rate is similar to what is seen for seasonal influenza , which kills an estimated 36,000 Americans and up to 500,000 people globally each year .
More pregnant women than usual have been vaccinated -- 38 percent as compared to between 15 percent and 25 percent in an average year .
Pregnant women are always at high risk from any flu and they accounted for an unusually high percentage of those sickened and killed by H1N1 .
“ The results in this report show that nearly 90 percent of adults aged under 65 years with medical conditions that increase their risk for influenza - related complications remain unvaccinated , ’ the CDC added .
These include otherwise healthy people with asthma or diabetes .
And just 22 percent of healthcare workers say they have been vaccinated , although they are more likely to be infected and can infect their vulnerable patients .
Five companies are supplying swine flu vaccine to the U.S. market -- Sanofi-Aventis , Novartis , AstraZeneca unit MedImmune , CSL and GlaxoSmithKline .
KABUL , Afghanistan --
An Afghan presidential delegation looking into reports that up to 10 civilians were accidentally killed by U.S. troops earlier this week said today that it had so far confirmed at least eight deaths -- all schoolboys ages 12 to 17 .
That contradicts initial findings by the NATO force regarding Sunday 's strike in Kunar , a remote northeastern province .
Western military officials earlier reported nine killed , all adult males and all insurgents , and said today that the incident remains under investigation .
Civilian deaths and injuries are one of the most contentious issues between foreign forces and the government of President Hamid Karzai .
Asadullah Wafa , who heads the investigative panel that traveled to Kunar on the president 's orders , reported that the boys ' bodies were found in a single village home in Kunar 's Narang district , and that all were members of the same extended family .
He indicated there were other remains found in the house that had not yet been identified .
Wafa suggested that an informant had provided misleading information to Western forces , triggering the strike .
There have been past instances of villagers trying to settle scores with rival clans or tribes by giving foreign troops false accounts of insurgent activity .
Karzai continues to be a harsh critic of foreign forces ' accidental killings of civilians , although the number of such deaths has fallen sharply since July , when U.S. Army Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , the commander of Western forces in Afghanistan , issued new rules of engagement meant to protect civilian lives .
Insurgents are believed responsible for about 70 % of civilian deaths this year , but in the recent past , the proportion of such deaths caused by Western troops -- as opposed to those blamed on Taliban fighters -- has been considerably higher than now .
More than 2,000 civilians have died in fighting this year , according to United Nations figures -- the highest number since the start of the war in 2001 .
Western and Afghan officials appearing at a joint news conference in Kabul offered contradictory accounts of the Sunday raid that led to the deaths .
NATO , which had originally denied carrying out operations in the area at the time of the deaths , now says a joint Afghan - Western force carried out the strike .
But a spokesman for Afghanistan 's Defense Ministry , Gen. Mohammed Azimi , told reporters today that only U.S. special forces had been involved .
Special forces , which generally operate under a separate command structure , have been responsible for a disproportionate share of civilian casualties in the course of the conflict .
Many
Afghans fear that civilian casualties will rise in the coming year , in part due to the expected arrival of about 37,000 more foreign troops , 30,000 of them American .
Col .
Wayne Shanks , a spokesman for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , said Western forces do all they can to safeguard civilians , while Taliban fighters kill indiscriminately , especially with roadside bombs .
" Our enemy , the insurgents , have very little regard for the Afghan people , " he said .
IS THERE anything carbon nanotubes ca n’t do ?
Using them to make transistors about half the size of the silicon ones available today suggests they might help maintain the continual growth of computing power that we have come to rely on .
There are fears that this growth is threatened as engineers run out of ways to shrink silicon transistors and cram more power into chips .
Finding new ways to make smaller transistors has become a priority ( New Scientist , 6 December 2008 , p 35 ) .
But while carbon nanotubes had been considered a potential saviour , making transistors with them has proved to …
Brass fell out with Guccione over the final cut of the 1979 film
Caligula director Tinto Brass , has announced plans to make the world 's first 3D pornographic film , according to the Hollywood Reporter .
Brass plans to " revisit an abandoned project about a Roman emperor that was ruined by Americans " , suggesting that the film will be a remake of Caligula .
The 1979 film , starring Helen Mirren , was a collaboration between Brass and the Penthouse publisher Bob Guccione .
Critically panned , it also starred the late John Gielgud and Peter O'Toole .
US author Gore Vidal , who wrote the original script , was so keen to distance himself from the infamous film , that he took legal action and had his name removed from the project .
Pagan Rome
The film concerns the rise and fall of Roman Emperor Gaius Caesar Germanicus , better known as Caligula , played by British actor Malcolm McDowell .
Italian director Brass and Guccione reportedly fell out over the final cut , with Guccione secretly adding a number of explicit sexual scenes in post - production .
Guccione later defended his decision , saying he wanted the film to reflect the reality of pagan Rome .
Following uproar over the film 's explicit violent and sexual content , an edited version was produced .
Both versions are currently available on DVD .
Brass 's 3D version , the first 3D film to be made in Italy , will begin shooting in May .
Carlsen , who is currently coached by Garry Kasparov , is aged 19 years and 32 days , which makes him the youngest ever number one chess player in the world .
Photo by BGNES
Bulgarian Vesselin Topalov yielded the first position of the World Chess Federation ( FIDE ) Top 100 Players ranking to young Norwegian player Magnus Carlsen .
Carlsen , who is currently coached by Garry Kasparov , is aged 19 years and 32 days , which makes him the youngest ever number one chess player in the world .
He got an Elo rating of 2810 , making him the fifth player to get past the 2800 mark .
FIDE 2010 official listing ranked Bulgarian Vesselin Topalov second with Elo rating of 2805 as world number two , while Indian world champion Viswanathan Anand is third with 2,790 points .
There are a total of three Bulgarians among the top 100 .
Kiril Georgiev and Ivan Cheparinov are ranked 53rd and 65th , respectively .
A report came out today that could ( and probably should ) affect the New Year ’s Eve “ skiing ” plans of many a Craigslister this year :
It seems that most of the cocaine in this country is now stepped on with a deworming drug meant for horses and other animals that is causing catastrophic illness in some users .
“ Levamisole can significantly reduce the number of white blood cells in the body , a condition called agranulocytosis .
Symptoms include fever , swollen glands , painful sores in the mouth and anus , and an infection that wo n’t go away .
In San Francisco , patients with levamisole poisoning also are getting serious skin conditions that make their skin look black . ”
So far , most cases of serious illness have been identified in the San Francisco area , where 90 percent of cocaine users tested were found to have the drug in their system , but there ’s plenty of reason to think it ’s everywhere .
So far , most cases of serious illness have been identified in the San Francisco area , where 90 percent of cocaine users tested were found to have the drug in their system , but there ’s plenty of reason to think it ’s everywhere .
Experts think cocaine - makers are using the drug as their go - to filler now because it has been shown to increase the effects of cocaine in animal studies ( a theory which evokes the curious and fascinating concept of drug lords subscribing to medical journals ) .
Levamisole poisoning is more likely to affect women , and more likely to occur when the cocaine was smoked in crack form .
So , yeah , do n’t do drugs , kids !
And since we all know it ’s covered in the stuff , you may also want to avoid licking paper money for a while , in order to be totally safe .
Most Cocaine Diluted With Unsafe Livestock Drug [ SF Gate ]
1. A Democratic congressman walks into a bar .
The bartender says , â€ œSorry , we donâ€™t serve your kind here .â€ 
The Democratic congressman whimpers , â€ œYouâ€ ™re right , Iâ€™m sorry , I never shouldâ€™ve come in here , itâ€™s all my fault , boo - hoo , please , bend me over , Iâ€™ll do whatever you want because Iâ€™m a little punk.â€ 
The bartender says , â€ œJesus Christ , you people are pathetic.â€ 
2 . What do you call a dead baby with no arms and no legs wearing a sombrero ?
I donâ€™t know , but whatever you call it , itâ€™s got about 1,000 % more fight in it than these jackass Democrats .
3 . A member of the House Democratic Caucus goes to the doctor .
The doctor says , â€ œI have bad news and good news .
The bad news is you have a broken foot .
The good news is , youâ€ ™re a congressman , which means you have health insurance , which means youâ€™ll be able to get treatment without going totally bankrupt , unlike many of your constituents , who you are actively betraying by thinking only of your electoral prospects .
And also , â€ the doctor continued , â€ œI canâ€™t believe you actually broke your foot by jumping off a bridge just because a Republican told you to .
What kind of spineless loser are you ?
Get out of my office .
I canâ€™t stand to look at you.â€ 
4 . The entire United States Senate is flying on a plane when its engines start to fail .
The plane starts falling through the sky .
There are 100 senators on board , but only 41 parachutes .
The Democrats say , â€ œLetâ€™s give all the parachutes to the Republicansâ € ” that way we can just sit on our fat asses and die while the plane crashes because weâ€ ™re a bunch of self - hating pussies.â€ 
5. Little Johnny Congressman ( D ) was sitting in class one day .
All of a sudden , he needed to go to the bathroom .
He yelled out , “ Miss Jones , I need to go pee !â€ 
The teacher replied , “ Johnny , that is NOT the proper word to use in this situation .
The proper word is ‘ urinate . ’
Use the word ‘ urinate ’ in a sentence correctly , and I will let you go . ”
Little Johnny thought for a bit , then said , “ If a Republican wanted to urinate on me , I would let him because I have no self - respect . ”
The Family Defense Handbook
Here ’s what you ’ll find inside :
1. Riveting , firsthand experiences that give you an up close and personal view of the various hidden assaults on the family at the UN and at the national , state and local levels .
2. Documentation , research , and commentary exposing how key institutions are being manipulated to undermine the mother / father family .
3. Concrete steps that you can take to protect your own family and the institution of the family .
Nancy Pelosi throws a rare rhetorical elbow at President Obama 's 2008 campaign promises .
Pelosi swipes at Obama 's promises
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , piqued with White House pressure to accept the Senate health reform bill , threw a rare rhetorical elbow Tuesday at President Barack Obama , questioning his commitment to his 2008 campaign promises .
A leadership aide said it was no accident .
Advertisement
Pelosi emerged from a meeting with her leadership team and committee chairs in the Capitol to face an aggressive throng of reporters who immediately hit her with C - SPAN ’s request that she permit closed - door final talks on the bill to be televised .
A reporter reminded the San Francisco Democrat that in 2008 , then - candidate Obama opined that all such negotiations be open to C - SPAN cameras .
“ There are a number of things he was for on the campaign trail , ” quipped Pelosi , who has no intention of making the deliberations public .
People familiar with Pelosi 's thinking wasted little time in explaining precisely what she meant by a “ number of things ” — saying it reflected weeks of simmering tension on health care between two Democratic power players who have functioned largely in lock step during Obama ’s first year in office .
Senior House Democratic leadership aides say Pelosi was pointedly referring to Obama ’s ’08 pledge not to raise taxes on the middle class , which she interprets to include a tax on so - called Cadillac health care plans that offer lavish benefit packages to many union members .
The House aides , speaking on condition of anonymity , said Pelosi has been miffed with Obama ’s tilt toward the Senate plan and his expectation that the House would simply go along with the Senate bill out of political necessity .
A Pelosi aide later downplayed the remark , saying , " It was a quip , not a jab at anyone . "
“ She ’s setting up for the conference , ” said a leadership staffer .
“ It ’s strategic .
She ’s staking out her territory . ”
It was n't the first time she 's done so .
Pelosi has repeatedly expressed her frustrations about the inclusion of the Cadillac tax in the Senate bill and has sparred with Obama about the issue during face - to - face meetings .
Her hope now , House aides say , is to get the administration to accept a tax that starts on family plans worth $ 28,000 — $ 7,000 more than the threshold favored by Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev . ) .
The White House has shown a clear preference for the Senate product in the months - long , bifurcated health care debate .
And Reid holds the two best trump cards in the form of Sens.
Ben Nelson and Joe Lieberman , two wavering moderates who have already threatened to vote against a final compromise if it deviates significantly from legislation the Senate passed late last year .
That means the speaker needs to play her cards wisely — even if it means directing some well - timed fire at the president .
All year , liberal Democrats have been clamoring for Obama to get more involved in the health care negotiations , hoping he would weigh in to push their top priority — the public option .
The president is now promising to take a much more active role in these final negotiations — his staff will convene a meeting with House and Senate aides as early as Wednesday to start laying the groundwork for the talks .
But that might not be a good thing for the speaker or her liberal colleagues because of the White House preference for the Senate bill .
During a White House meeting Tuesday , Obama told the speaker and other congressional leaders that he would like to see them approve a final bill by his State of the Union address , set for late January or early February .
Earlier in the day , House Democrats were n't convinced they could meet that deadline — and seemed ambivalent about whether they even wanted to try .
Emerging from a Tuesday afternoon huddle with her leadership team and a quartet of critical chairmen , Pelosi seemed to concede the public option wo n’t be in the final bill , telling a clutch of reporters that “ there are other ways ” to increase competition and “ hold the insurance companies accountable . ”
And she has clearly set her sights on making sure the final bill provides sufficient subsidies for lower - and middle - income Americans .
“ We want our final product — as I ’m sure everyone in the House and Senate would agree — to insure affordability for the middle class , ” Pelosi told reporters after her leadership meeting .
The House bill sets aside more than $ 600 billion in affordability credits for people who make less than 400 percent of the federal poverty poverty line — or roughly $ 43,320 for an individual and $ 88,200 for a family of four .
The Senate bill offers those same people tax credits that cost $ 436 billion over the new program 's first six years .
The House also sets much lower caps on out - of - pocket expenses for people at the lowest end of this income spectrum .
Democrats in the House are intent on forcing their counterparts in the Senate to shift money from other programs to make mandatory insurance coverage more affordable .
“ The key issue for us is to make sure people have affordable health insurance , ” said Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen , a member of the Ways and Means Committee who also heads the Democrats ' campaign arm in the House .
Reid struggled for months to corral all 60 members of his caucus to move a health care bill through the Senate .
That gave individual senators , such as Lieberman and Nelson , the influence to command major concessions from the rest of their colleagues .
Their demands , particularly Lieberman ’s insistence on scrapping the public option , rankled Democrats in the House .
At one point during the Tuesday afternoon press conference , Ways and Means Committee Chairman Charlie Rangel ( D - N.Y. ) quipped : “ The Senate should know that we need 218 votes . ”
But the fact is that House Democrats have little recourse to impose their will in negotiations with the Senate unless they make realistic demands .
Party leaders were even forced to break from the traditional means for negotiating with the Senate because it would create additional roadblocks for Reid — and give Republicans more chances to derail the bill .
On Tuesday , the speaker and her colleagues were both forced to defend charges from their own rank and file that these abbreviated negotiations betrayed their own campaign promises to make deliberations public .
“ There has never been a more open process , ” a testy Pelosi told reporters in response to repeated questions about a request by C - SPAN chief Brian Lamb to allow cameras in the House - Senate negotiations .
As the negotiations begin , House and Senate Democrats have plenty of differences to resolve , but both bills seek to achieve the same fundamental goals : expand health coverage to millions of uninsured Americans and impose new restrictions on the insurance industry that bar companies from discriminating against people who are ill .
Beyond that , differences abound .
The two chambers use different methods to pay for the final bill , and House Democrats seem willing to accept the Senate proposal to tax high - end health care plans as long as they can raise the threshold for plans that qualify .
But they would have to find a way to pay for the lost revenue .
One idea being circulated is to raise the amount of money wealthy Americans would be forced to pay for Medicare .
The Senate bill already uses the tax to raise that money , and it touches on the House plan to impose a surtax on people with the highest annual salaries .
Meredith Shiner and Carrie Budoff Brown contributed to this story .
OpenCourseWare and the Future of Education
As we are all aware , MIT has and will continue to make relatively large cuts to its budget in light of the recent financial meltdown .
The administration established the Institute - Wide Planning Task Force to evaluate ways to make these cuts with minimal impact to the MIT community .
One proposal is to cut funding to OpenCourseWare ( OCW ) or continue funding only until the grant funding that has paid for 72 percent of OCW since its creation runs out .
For those not familiar with OCW , it is a brilliant piece of intellectual philanthropy that MIT opened to the public in September of 2002 .
Essentially , anyone in the world can access the same knowledge and information that MIT students are inundated with by classes .
Not just a few classes here and there in the most common disciplines ­— as of May 2006 there were 1400 courses online .
This is an unbelievable resource that has been utilized by about 60 million people , both on and off the campus .
Twenty years ago , the thought that one could log onto a computer and access nearly the entire curriculum at MIT would be unthinkable .
But now it can be done .
Yet what of the costs ?
OCW is more than simply recording lectures and posting problem sets and exams .
A dedicated staff is necessary to deal with publishing the various formats of media and keeping OCW updated and relevant .
This sums to $ 4.1 million per year , although OCW has managed to cut about $ 500,000 from its budget in FY 2009 .
Since its creation , 22 percent of OCW ’s expenditures have been covered by the Institute , 72 percent has been paid for through grants from the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation and the Andrew Mellon Foundation , and 6 percent has been covered by donations , revenue , and other sources .
Unfortunately , grant funding runs out in two years .
With that in mind , while many are asking how OCW can be sustained , others are wondering if it should be at all .
Answering this question necessitates a broader view on education .
In the United States , the federal government provides free public education , grades K - 12 , to every citizen of the country .
We take this for granted , but I cannot stress enough how utterly remarkable this actually is .
Eighteen - year - olds leave high school with more knowledge than a citizen of the 18th century could even dream of .
Knowledge of math that took the Greeks generations to uncover are imparted in a few weeks in a free high school math course to every American student .
This model of education is absolutely revolutionary , and most take it for granted .
The model clearly is not perfect , but it is certainly an excellent foundation upon which we can build .
However , once a student graduates from high school , a guaranteed free public education ends .
From that point on , families must find a way to pay for a college education should a student decide to continue their studies .
And , quite frankly , without a college degree , their horizons are extremely limited .
Is this the right model ?
Sure , families can get loans , students can earn scholarships through hard work and dedication , and state colleges can attempt to increase accessibility by keeping costs low .
Yet some students spend the rest of their lives paying off debt from college loans and others cannot even hope to afford it in the first place .
OCW is a way to remedy this inequity .
With its immense power anyone , from the student who could not get accepted to any colleges to the senior citizen who is curious about quantum mechanics , can access information that historically has been restricted to those within the walls of a university .
Thus , completely free , public education can continue beyond high school .
Of course , no degree can be earned through the completion of an online OCW course , but the very fact that the dissemination of knowledge is no longer restricted to those who can afford it is valuable .
We have unlocked the secrets of the human genome ; we understand the motion of both the planets and subatomic particles ; we comprehend things that people long ago could not even imagine .
Why should that information be restricted to a select number of people ?
Some argue against making this information accessible to everyone .
Suppose MIT continues to make OCW accessible , even continuing to expand it .
The average student at MIT can then simply go online to OCW and watch the lectures , do the problem sets , show up for the final , pass , and they ’ve got their degree .
This leads to empty lecture halls and vacant recitations .
There is no longer a need for professors or TAs .
But , detractors of universal knowledge claim , if all of the professors and TAs are let go , how can OCW continue to be updated ?
A related argument states that if anyone can simply go online and access an MIT education , then what ’s the point of paying to attend the school ?
There goes MIT ’s source of income .
Finally , some claim that the program is far too socialistic .
These people feel that education must be earned .
If you work hard through high school , get good grades , develop a good character , and manage to stand out , they claim that you will get into a school , earning the opportunities that will follow .
While respectable , none of these arguments hold enough sway to cut funding to OCW .
The first argument will never actually come to fruition ; videos for many classes lectures , including 3.091 and 7.012 ( Introduction to Solid - State Chemistry and Introductory Biology , respectively ) , are already posted online following the lecture .
While some students take advantage of this , the lecture halls have yet to become empty .
And if , hypothetically , such a thing did happen as a result of an OCW - like program , all MIT would have to do is institute a mandatory attendance policy .
The answer to the second argument is quite simple : yes , anyone can essentially get an MIT education online , but you do n’t get the degree unless you attend the school .
Without a degree in a certain course from an accredited institution , employers will not take you seriously .
Claiming that you ’re qualified to operate a nuclear reactor because you “ watched MIT lectures on it online ” is not likely to convince an employer to hire you .
The final argument is more ideological .
Once again , the age - old capitalism - versus - socialism debate .
Opponents to OCW programs argue that not everyone has “ a right ” to this knowledge .
People have spent lots of money , lots of time , and lots of ingenuity to develop the knowledge that we have today , and this should not simply be given away .
Unless you ’re willing to earn it , it should not be made available to you .
Such a philosophy would also mean that opponents of OCW would also oppose the current public education system .
In the end , what it comes down to is that the rich can get this knowledge while the poor are left out .
Yes , a poor student who excels will get scholarships and admittance to universities and rich students who fail will not .
However , an average poor student may get accepted but earn no scholarships .
An average rich student may also get accepted and likewise earn no scholarships .
But the only thing that differentiates these students is the wealth of their parents , the rich student will be able to afford a college education while the poor student will not .
Any system that favors wealth over ability , character , and dedication is wrong .
MIT should continue to support OCW because it is the first step to promoting free public education at a higher level than grade 12 .
The academic climate in the United States is changing .
Due to the tough economy , state colleges , which are the government ’s attempt to provide an affordable higher education , are becoming more competitive than ever before .
The country is also undergoing an “ inflation ” of college degrees .
While a bachelor ’s degree would get you nearly any job in the past , a bachelor ’s is now expected and it is a master ’s that provides better chances of getting a job today .
Therefore , people who get rejected from college or are unable to afford a higher education have far fewer opportunities than those who attain a bachelor ’s and master ’s degree .
Some might argue that if just anyone is let into college , then the country will be flooded with unqualified individuals .
This is not true — as long as standards are kept high , individuals who are unqualified will flunk out and be unable to earn their degree .
It is wrong to deny an individual the right to an education and , as a result , a good job with a livable wage , on the basis that their parents cannot afford it .
For logical and moral reasons , free higher level education is a necessity .
OpenCourseWare is a harbinger of the future of education , and MIT would do well to continue to ensure its continued availability .
I served as Design Director at Vice News through the conception and launch of Vice News Tonight on HBO , the rebuilding of ViceNews.com , and the design of two years of daily graphic content for TV and web .
If you ask passionate long time Buffalo Sabres fans to describe GM Darcy Regier in one word , you might want to avoid having young children around when doing so .
Even in the midst of a great season he is considered by many fans and writers to be the problem and not the solution .
Well , if you want a good answer to such a question , like him or hate him , you could probably do much worse than this one : Survivor .
Through years of coaching , captain and franchise goaltender controversies , criminal ownership , team bankruptcies , broken fax machines , superstar departures , and various other dramas unthinkable to even the most vivid imagination - it's 13 years later - and he 's STILL here .
This despite the fact that over the years he has never caved in and followed the brilliant advice coming from all of us geniuses in Sabres Nation .
Bring back Ted Nolan .
Pay Michael Peca whatever he wants .
Heck , we 're all so much smarter than him that we even know how he should run his scouting department .
It 's unusual for GM's , team presidents , and owners to get a lot of positive attention when things go well .
It 's the nature of the sports talk universe .
Players get the credit for winning and management gets the blame for losing .
We 're making an exception to that philosophy today - and giving credit where credit is way overdue .
Carefully and methodically , Regier has put together a pretty darned good hockey team that is battling for the Eastern Conference lead and has folks wondering how far into May or June this season could last .
When the Montreal Canadiens were committing $ 90 million to Scott Gomez , Mike Cammalleri and Brian Gionta , Regier was looking to add value by putting Steve Montador on the blue line and spending his other dollars on his long list of home grown talent .
The Canadiens are now a top - heavy club with little depth and are a 50/50 pick at best to make the playoffs .
When the New York Rangers were courting Marian Gaborik with $ 37.5 million in their hands , Regier was pondering what bringing Mike Grier back would do to enhance the penalty kill and the chemistry of the Buffalo locker room .
While Gaborik has been great for the Rangers , his cap - strapped team is 26th in the NHL in goal scoring and fighting for its playoff life .
And while we 're on the subject of the Rangers , that great player Regier failed to bring back a few seasons ago , Chris Drury , might as well be the subject of a fan - funded billboard in Times Square .
Blueshirt fans and media can't wish him out of Manhattan fast enough .
This season marks a fitting anniversary for Regier .
It was 30 years ago that he won the " Iron Man Award " as a defenseman for the Indianapolis Checkers of the Central Hockey League .
Now he 's an iron man among NHL executives , being the 3rd longest tenured active NHL GM , outlasted only by Jim Rutherford ( Carolina ) and Hall of Famer Lou Lamoriello ( New Jersey ) .
That is n't a result of listening to fans and media , or going gaga over every big name free agent that becomes available .
It 's funny and ironic , really , how Regier has never been accepted in Buffalo - even when the team has been good enough to contend for the Stanley Cup .
Much of it probably dates back to the circumstances under which he was hired .
But in reality he is the epitome of the Buffalo sports mentality - rooting for the underdog grinder and shunning the overpaid superstar who is about the individual and not the team .
Which reminds me , I heard a rumor that Ilya Kovalchuk might be available ...
Twitter.com/DaveDavisHockey
Diplomatic Scandal in Tehran Love Emails from the German Embassy
The news made headlines around the world : " German diplomats arrested in Tehran . "
But there were no arrests .
SPIEGEL has learned that the true story is one of a German federal police officer who had an affair with an Iranian woman that was uncovered and politicized by the regime .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Gunmen have fired on a bus carrying Togo 's football team to the Africa Cup of Nations in Angola , wounding players and reportedly killing the driver .
The attackers machine - gunned the vehicle after it crossed from the Republic of Congo into Angola 's oil - rich territory of Cabinda .
Rebels who have been fighting for the region 's independence later said they had carried out the attack .
The organisers of the tournament , which starts on Sunday , say it will go ahead .
The Angolan government called the incident an " act of terrorism " .
The Front for the Liberation of the Enclave of Cabinda ( Flec ) , which said it carried out the attack , has fought for independence for several decades , but entered a ceasefire in 2006 .
In a statement quoted by Portugal 's Lusa news agency , the group said : " This operation is only the start of a series of targeted actions that will continue in all the territory of Cabinda . "
Togo is due to play its first cup game in Cabinda on Monday .
The Confederation of African Football confirmed that the tournament would go ahead as planned , despite the violent attack .
Angolan Sports Minister Goncalves Muandumba said security for the competition would be stepped up to guarantee " all the conditions necessary for the success , tranquillity and security of the people and their belongings " .
' Under shock '
Nine people , including at least two players , were wounded during the shooting , reports said .
Central defender Serge Akakpo was among those hurt and back - up goalkeeper Kodjovi Obilale was also reportedly injured .
Romanian side FC Vaslui confirmed that Mr Akakpo , who joined the club from French side Auxerre last year , was shot and badly injured in the attack .
The 22 - year - old was out of danger after being struck by two bullets and being treated by doctors , the club said .
The team 's communications manager was among those seriously wounded in the shooting .
Manchester City striker Emmanuel Adebayor was also on the bus but is unhurt .
Speaking to the BBC , he described the incident as " one of the worst experiences of his life " .
" I 'm still under shock , " Mr Adebayor said .
" I was one of those who carried the injured players into the hospital - that is when I realised what was really going on .
All the players , everyone was crying , calling their mums , crying on the phone , saying their last words because they thought they'd be dead . "
The bus was travelling to Cabinda from the squad 's training ground in the Republic of Congo when the shooting happened .
" This was an act of terrorism , " Cabinda affairs minister Bento Bembe told Reuters news agency .
Football 's highest governing body , Fifa , said it was troubled by the incident .
" Fifa and its president , Joseph S Blatter , are deeply moved by today 's incidents which affected Togo 's national team , to whom they express their utmost sympathy , " the body said in a statement .
Competition officials said they had not known that the Togolose team had decided to drive directly to Cabinda .
They said they had expected the squad first to fly to the Angolan capital , Luanda , and from there to Cabinda .
Shot ' like dogs '
The head of the Togolese football federation told AFP news agency that the driver had died .
Togo striker Thomas Dossevi told France 's RMC radio that several players were " in a bad state " after the attack .
CABINDA
Oil - rich province cut off from the rest of Angola by DR Congo Flec rebels fought for region 's independence Rebels laid down arms in 2006 but some unrest continues Angola had dismissed concerns about staging games there
Togo footballers tell of attack " We were machine - gunned , like dogs , " he said .
" At the border with Angola - machine - gunned !
I do n't know why .
I thought it was some rebels .
We were under the seats of the bus for 20 minutes , trying to get away from the bullets . "
The identities of those injured - who also included team staff - have not yet been confirmed .
Togo 's first game in the tournament is due to be against Ghana on Monday .
But midfielder Alaixys Romao told RMC the team was likely to pull out of the 16 - nation cup .
" No - one wants to play , " he said .
" We 're not capable of it .
" We 're thinking first of all about the health of our injured because there was a lot of blood on the ground . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
2009-12-15
Although I spend a lot of my play - time fooling about with other languages , my professional and released code consists of Python , C , C++ and , alas , Javascript .
I 've lived in this tiny corner of the magic garden of modern software development for 10 years , and I 'm itching to strike out in a different direction for my next project .
With this in mind , I 've started to wonder about the impact of language choice on the development process .
Are there major differences between projects in different languages ?
Is it possible to quantify these differences ?
I decided to try to gather some hard numbers .
I started by writing a small script to watch the public timeline on github .
Over a period of weeks , I collected a list of about 30 thousand active projects .
Using the github API , I eliminated projects with less than 3 watchers , on the basis that these are likely to be small personal repositories like dotfiles , programming exercises and so forth .
After this , I was left with some 5000 repositories , which I checked out , giving me about 55G of data to work with .
The next step was to analyse the data , extracting commits , committers and line counts for each file type contained in each project .
Lastly , I got rid of duplicate projects by looking for matching commit hashes .
From start to end , this process took more than a week to complete .
The end result result is a database consisting of 3 400 repositories , 20 000 authors , and 1.5 million commits .
I 'm releasing the dataset for others to play with - see the bottom of this post for information .
The rest of this post takes a basic look at the numbers for 12 languages .
I had to leave some out for lack of data .
Haskell , for example , did n't make the cut with only 18 projects .
Ah , well .
Lets look at the numbers .
The Basics
Lets start with a quick overview of the basics of the dataset .
Sample size
First , the sample size .
Clearly , github is very popular with the Ruby crowd , with more than four times as many projects as Python , the runner - up .
The sample sizes for C# , Erlang and Scala are pretty small , so the results for these languages are n't as firm as for the others .
Median contributors
This graph shows the median number of contributors to projects in each language .
The red line here and in the graphs below is the median for all projects in the dataset .
Most projects have around 3 contributors , with Perl and Java projects having about 5 , and Javascript and Objective C around 2 .
Median commits
Here we see the median number of commits for projects in each language - in some senses , we can view this as a proxy for project age .
Most projects have around 75 commits .
The Perl and C++ data , however , seems significant - projects in these languages on average have a much longer commit history .
I suspect that this is due to a decline in popularity in these languages .
Recall that I collected data only for projects that had recent commits .
If fewer new projects are created in C++ and Perl , we would expect projects in these languages to be older , on average .
Median commit size
This chart shows the median commit size , in lines of code .
We take the total commit size to be the sum of lines inserted and the lines deleted , as reported by " git log -- shortstat " .
Most commits touch around 19 lines of code .
The C# outlier is probably due to the small sample set .
I suspect that the differences in this graph are a reflection of basic language verbosity , with Objective C , C++ and Java being more verbose , and Perl , Python and Ruby being less so .
median files touched per commit
Most commits touch about 4 files , with C++ touching somewhat more , and Perl , Python and Ruby somewhat less .
The C# outlier is probably due to small sample size .
The Contributors
Median commits per contributor
This shows the median number of commits contributors make .
The average contributor contributes about 5 commits to a project .
C , Objective C and Ruby developers contribute somewhat less , PHP , C# , Java and Javascript developers somewhat more .
I suspect the results for C and Ruby are due to projects in these languages receiving more one - off contributions .
An average of only 5 commits - that 's not much .
Lets look at this from a different perspective - graphing the percentage of the total commits to a project made by contributors .
% commits vs % contributors
The percentage of commits by contributors is shown on the Y axis , and the matching f-value on the X axis .
An f-value of 25 is the bottom quartile , 50 is the median , and 75 is the upper quartile .
Looking at the Python graph , for example , we can see that the bottom 75 % of contributors provided a bit less than 20 % of the commits .
The shape of these graphs gives us our first take - away :
For all languages , a small fraction of the committers do the vast majority of the work .
This wo n't be news to anyone in the Open Source community .
More interesting , though , is the fact that C , C++ and Perl projects are significantly more " top - heavy " than those in other languages , with a smaller core of contributors doing more of the work .
How projects evolve
Contributors vs Commits
This dot plot shows the total number of contributors vs the total number of commits for each project .
I 've restricted the X and Y values - we 're effectively looking at the bottom - left corner of a larger dataset .
The red line is a loess fitted curve .
Over a large number of projects , we can consider the number of commits to be a measure of time - the graph effectively shows how quickly projects tend to accumulate contributors over their lifespan .
Ruby projects recruit contributors astoundingly well , with Python a close second .
Java , Javascript and PHP projects , on the other hand , do particularly badly .
The fact that the fitted curve is a nice straight line with a consistent slope shows that these results hold for young and old projects alike .
Note that the Scala data is not significant - that nice straight line is an extrapolation by the curve fitting algorithm , which is not backed up by information .
Commit age
This graph shows the number of commits per day , over the first 300 days of a project 's life .
To prevent skew , I only included projects that are 300 days or older .
The red line is a smoothed curve .
C and Perl projects show a marked decline in activity over their first year .
I suspect that the Perl result is due to the fact that it becomes harder and harder to contribute to a Perl codebase , the bigger it gets .
The C result is more of a mystery .
The Silly
And now for something silly .
Swearwords per 1000 commits
This shows the number of swearwords used per 1000 commits .
Objective C and Perl programmers are the most foul - mouthed .
Java coders are more restrained , possibly because the language is more corporate , and they 're afraid of having their pay docked .
The Caveats
There are all sorts of reasons why you should take all of this with a grain of salt .
There are many factors that make github projects atypical - not least of which is the use of Git for source control .
The way that I collected data skews the dataset in favor of projects with recent commits - unfortunately dead projects are n't included .
I detected a project 's primary language purely based on line count by file extension .
Due to the large number of projects that include Javascript libraries in their repos wholesale , I had to apply a fudge - factor weighting to .js files to get reasonably sensible results .
You can play too
I had fun playing with this dataset , and I 've barely scratched the surface of what could be done with it .
I 'll probably squeeze another blog post or two out of the data , but in the meantime , I 'm making the full database available so people can point out the many mistakes and shortcomings of my analysis .
At the time of writing , I still have the checked out repositories , so if you have suggestions for refinements or expansions to the data , let me know .
You can check the database out here .
Be warned , though - it 's about 100 mb of data .
From : misters
2010-01 - 22 01:40 am ( UTC )
obviously I 'm not sure of the context , but when I first read that quote it sounded more like a statement of fact than a value judgement .
but I 'm from your reaction I 'm thinking that I should read it more like " Female police officers should only do clerical duties , " yes ?
From : amhrantine
2010-01 - 22 11:38 am ( UTC )
It was actually a direct quote , according to the relative who told me ( because she was disgusted too ) .
The guy actually said those exact words , like he knows shit about law enforcement .
Thankfully she jumped down his throat and he shut up about it - but not happily .
From : corridor7f
2010-01-22 02:39 pm ( UTC )
I 'm confused too .
Is this a case of reverse - feminism ?
Say something crazy and sexist to get a rise ?
I feel bad for someone that ignorant . :/
Does he not watch one of the many police shows ( not that those are entirely accurate , but they do depict female officers doing just what the males do ) ?
From : maynardsong
2010-01 - 22 02:45 am ( UTC )
Was it not a lady cop who stopped the Fort Hood shooter ?
JS .
From : mmm_carbon
2010-01-22 05:22 am ( UTC )
Yep .
' Twas a delicate little female who did that .
From : desertum_rosa
2010-01-22 01:47 pm ( UTC )
Later reports were saying she was first to arrive , was wounded and a male officer in fact stopped the Fort Hood shooter .
I do n't recall reading what the final story was or if that is in fact the final story .
News should check their facts , it hurts women who try to say we can do such things more when we have retracted events to deal with .
Either way , she was first on scene and injured in the line of duty and could have possibly even been killed .
From : defiantlygreen
2010-01 - 22 08:29 am ( UTC )
Oh yeah .
NBI agent Anna Lira Libao just imagined getting shot by Jason Ivler last Tuesday .
Pfft. >:(
From : embryomystic
2010-01 - 22 08:53 am ( UTC )
That 's stupid .
I see female police officers all the time , in squad cars , patrolling the Métro ( subway ) , doing what cops do .
Dumb person is dumb .
Incidentally , just because I 'm curious , was the person who said this male or female ?
I would guess male , but you never can tell , there are a lot of self - loathing women out there .
From : amhrantine
2010-01 - 22 11:41 am ( UTC )
Male - surprise surprise .
He apparently also had some equally charming and insightful things to say about the Aboriginal community and their ( all too frequent , in that particular area ) involvement with police .
He is just such an open and thoughtful individual * snerk * From : embryomystic
2010-01-22 12:26 pm ( UTC )
Oh , wonderful .
That 's a pet peeve of mine , though usually the charming and insightful comments are about Aboriginal people in Canada , rather than Australia .
Nevertheless , the fail is the same .
From : amhrantine
2010 -01 - 23 10:56 am ( UTC )
It 's one of my huge pet peeves too .
I can't stand anyone badmouthing the Aboriginal community no matter what they do .
I find it most disturbing how people just write them off , and do n't even stop to wonder why they have these social problems .
It could n't be that they 're strangers in their own traditional lands , imposed on by a foreign society or anything .
But anyways , that 's getting more political .
Overall fail .
From : uses4safetypins
2010-01 - 22 01:40 pm ( UTC )
meh fuck cops anyway From : amhrantine
2010 -01 - 23 10:53 am ( UTC )
I 'm sure you 'll stick to that attitude next time you 're mugged , assaulted , or stolen from .
From : uses4safetypins
2010-01 -23 11:03 pm ( UTC )
Since it 's usually the cops doing that kinda thing yeah I 'm sure I will .
From : amhrantine
2010 -01 - 24 10:55 am ( UTC )
Corruption is n't condoned by police as an organization .
If that kind of thing is happening , it 's the fault of the individual , just like any other crim , not the organization .
In fact , people like that deserve to be on the other end of police action and have it taken out against them by people in the job with an ounce of integrity .
Admittedly I do n't know what police are like where you are , but I have an inside perspective on them here , and they 're the good guys .
From : uses4safetypins
2010-01 - 24 04:01 pm ( UTC )
I think the organization needs to be something that serves the people more than the state .
A lot of times cops will cover up the actions of other cops because of the whole " fraternity " thing .
You 're right though in the terms of them being good guys ( usually ) .
I just would rather see communities where they do n't need to get called because people can police themselves .
I personally would never call a cop for any reason unless my car got stolen and I had theft insurance and needed to police statement to get compensation .
From : missiv
2010-01-22 01:58 pm ( UTC )
my roommate from boarding school is running into this problem .
she can run as fast and as long from her police officer boyfriend , can lift over the required weight and has already done volunteer work to get more familiar with their codes and procedures .
whe has all the qualifications and yet still can't get on the force ... hopefully things have changed in the last few years since i've talked to her .
From : viiltohaava
2010-01-22 03:14 pm ( UTC )
Well that 's weird , my mother is a police officer of almost 19 years ( and obviously a woman ) and she can actually take a lot more than some policemen .
She 's seen and done some hardcore stuff in her work , so ... I do n't really know what to say :)
From : maxtorque
2010-01-22 04:38 pm ( UTC )
There 's a female trooper who works the Highway Patrol in my county .
For that matter , she 's a grandmother .
Still out there kickin' ass .
From : liveaasifeel
2010-01 -23 01:37 am ( UTC )
Where did thisperson get there information from /
Well that 'ssome bull .
Sounds to me like your relative 's friend is living somewhere deep in the 50's From : cmeistergeneral
2010-01 - 24 04:14 pm ( UTC )
http://www.womenandpolicing.org/oped021800.asp
I realise the link is a little dated but I think that when you get right down to it , " policing through consent " is the only realistic model .
Police officers that command respect through good arguments and mediation have more authority than physically strong thugs in uniform that provoke only fear and distrust .
I realise the link is a little dated but I think that when you get right down to it , " policing through consent " is the only realistic model .
Police officers that command respect through good arguments and mediation have more authority than physically strong thugs in uniform that provoke only fear and distrust .
Kuiper homesteading program , 2176 AD : start life anew in the off - off world colonies .
Smiling posters , Leyendeckeresque , urge the new generation of hopeless intelligentsia to never go home again ; There Are No Jobs , anyway , so bootstraps yourself right out of Sol and claim your slice of the diamond studded garter of our mother system .
Join the space cowboys , rolling in the deep .
Billions of ice and mineral bodies are loitering unclaimed in the deep system !
The United States Federal Homesteading
Office is prepared to award low - interest loans to every hopeful who has the cojones to shuttle hop to Styx Station 14 and hire a charon to buzz them into the denser regions of the Disk–maybe the site of a recent collision ’s debris field , or the rumored location of a really big body , maybe a comet or a big iceball –the kinds of tips you pick up in mining canteens a little farther in , from men too old or too smart to go after it themselves .
It ’s the closest you get to a sure thing , and its better than trying to claw a smaller , surer claim away from someone who got there first , in one of the already - plumbed regions .
You ’re sick of neighbors .
So you cram into the tug with the stinking pilot who does n’t bother learning your name ( he learned his lesson about that early on ) , clutching your Homesteading Kit™ in your lap and your scanner on top of that , and he flies you out in the direction of your choosing until you tell him to stop , and lets you out .
The kit ’s autodrills will bite into almost anything , kicking up little jets of dust or vapor .
You pick something mostly spherical , a few meters across , an object the scanner tells you is made of something that wo n’t shatter if you hollow it out , and when the drills are done they ping your HUD and you squeeze yourself , in your long - haul sumo suit , into the tunnel they dug for you .
The homesteading kit ’s cabin bladder is rubbery and flexible , some kind of self - repairing plastic , about as thick as a gym mat .
It unflops fatly into your rock ’s empty belly , and when you find the airlock attachment you stuff it through best you can into the hole , pull the long neck ( like a balloon ) back out into space , and then turn around and climb inside , pushing your canisters and flashlight ahead of you .
You ’ve heard this is when most of the freakouts happen , the rubber cabin bladder and the sumo suit and the vast , vast emptiness all pushing in on you at once–people can’t handle it ; tear their suits off , scream into long range channels , kick off from their rocks and throw their kit components away from them , one at a time , just to get some extra velocity in the direction of “ home ” .
They never make it , of course .
The atmo canisters strain at their leashes , gouting oxygen and your other favorite gasses , and gradually inflate the bladder from a body bag into something like a “ room ” , but you wait many minutes after your HUD gives you the go - ahead before you dare to take off your helmet .
Your ears pop painfully , your sinuses empty , the smell of new plastic is almost overwhelming , but you ’re breathing .
Exhausted , you decide to rest before you set up your rocket crawlers and dashboard .
The silence is deafening , but it means you are n’t hearing leaks , and the wet throb of your heart in your ears keeps you awake for a long , long time .
[ Deep Map Pilots is a collaborative project with Warren Ellis ]
People have started blocking roads with corpses in Haiti 's capital Port - au - Prince to protest against the delay in emergency aid , an eyewitness says .
TIME magazine photographer Shaul Schwarz said he saw at least two downtown roadblocks formed with bodies of earthquake victims and rocks .
" They are starting to block the roads with bodies ; it 's getting ugly out there , " he said .
" People are fed up with getting no help . "
Aid has not yet reached the shell - shocked residents of Port - au - Prince , who are wandering their broken streets searching for water , food and medical help as night falls for the third time since the earthquake .
The stench of death from decomposing bodies hung over Port - au - Prince as residents prepared for another night in the open .
Estimated death toll 50,000
Estimated death toll 50,000 7,000 victims buried in mass grave
7,000 victims buried in mass grave Up to 3 million injured or homeless
Up to 3 million injured or homeless Car parks full of bodies
Car parks full of bodies Aid and rescue teams backed up at airport
Aid agencies say the quake - hit nation desperately needs supplies and security or the situation there could turn violent , putting up to 3 million vulnerable people at further risk .
Foreign rescue teams are yet to be fully deployed in the capital , 48 hours after the earthquake struck , and have been told they will not be able to start their searches until the morning , local time .
ABC correspondent Craig McMurtrie spoke to Greg Barhost from South Florida Urban Search and Rescue at Port - au - Prince airport shortly before nightfall .
" We have been told there is much destruction and also that it 's very unsafe at night , " Mr Barhost said .
He said his rescue team would not be able to start its searches until the morning .
A local US security expert , Blair Hawkins , says people in the city are running out of patience .
" The people are getting angry .
There 's no water , there 's no food out there , " he told the ABC .
Officials say the full search and rescue effort will resume tomorrow .
The US is sending more than 5,000 soldiers and marines to Haiti as well as 300 medical personnel and an aircraft carrier which will act as a floating airport to ferry aid into the devastated capital .
Matt Marek from the American Red Cross says without the presence of troops , the situation could deteriorate quickly as desperate people fight for supplies .
" We 're going to need assistance , certainly from the US Government , to really control things down here , because I think as the days get on there 's a risk of escalation ... perhaps trouble , " he said .
" We 're going to be able to help people less if the security situation worsens . "
One foreign aid worker said money was worthless and water had become the currency on the streets of Port - au - Prince .
Looters have swarmed a broken supermarket in Port - au - Prince , carrying out electronics and bags of rice , while others siphoned petrol from a wrecked tanker .
" All the policemen are busy rescuing and burying their own families , " said tile factory owner Manuel Deheusch .
" They do n't have the time to patrol the streets . "
" My family 's dead .
I had one brother .
He 's dead , " one survivor said .
" I do n't have anyone , or any money .
I do n't have a house .
I do n't know what I 'm going to do now . "
Victims buried in mass graves
The Red Cross estimates the death toll from the earthquake is likely to be at least 50,000 , with another 3 million people injured or homeless .
About 7,000 victims killed in the quake have already been buried , Haitian President Rene Preval said this morning .
" We have already buried 7,000 in a mass grave , " Mr Preval told reporters at the airport while accompanying Dominican Republic President Leonel Fernandez , the first foreign head of state to visit Haiti after the quake .
Mr Fernandez said one of the most important things Haiti needed was help in burying its dead .
The director of the general hospital in Haiti 's capital , Port - au - Prince , says at least 1,500 bodies are stacked inside and outside its morgue and trucks are continuing to deliver more .
Search and rescue teams are slowly moving through Port - au - Prince , seeking signs of life with cameras and listening devices .
Not far from the national palace , a group of men used their bare hands to rescue a 15 - year - old girl from a building .
Only her feet were visible .
She heard other people dying around her and four of her relatives did not make it out .
Aid efforts paralysed
International relief to Haiti was reduced to a trickle this morning after the capital 's airport was overwhelmed by a sudden influx of aid planes , which created a dangerous bottleneck .
US aviation authorities say Haiti has asked countries not to authorise any more flights to Port - au - Prince for now .
The USS Carl Vincent , an aircraft carrier which has space for 19 helicopters , should arrive off the coast of Haiti tomorrow , where it will serve as a floating airport .
Aid deliveries by ship are impossible because the port in the capital has been badly damaged .
Mr Marek from the Red Cross says the trickle of aid must turn into a flood .
" There 's a need for food , there 's a need for water ; we have to start thinking short term and long term , we 've got to start thinking camp management , " he said .
" We 've got a lot of hygiene and sanitation needs that are going to be coming up very quickly . "
- ABC / agencies
Ein One - Night - Stand via Online - Dating – wie tief sind wir Schweizer gesunken ?
Ein One - Night - Stand lebt von einer einzigartigen und trotzdem vertrauten Atmosphäre , die jeder Mensch wohl irgendwann mal erleben will .
Allerdings sagen mindestens genauso viele , dass Sie noch nie ein One - Night - Stand hatten bzw .
dieses auch nicht mit sich vereinbaren könnten .
Sex auf Kommando und mit einem völlig Fremden sei also nicht jedermanns Sache .
Deutliche Zunahme bei One - Night - Stands nach einem Online - Date
Das Online - Dating ist auf dem Vormarsch Seiten wie Parship , Elitepartner und Neu.de haben einen starken Zulauf an Männern und Frauen .
Das liegt daran , dass das Daten übers Internet viel einfacher wird .
Auch schüchterne Menschen finden den schnellen
Weg in die Kommunkation und können sich darstellen , wie sie wollen .
Das ist allerdings schon das Problem .
Erst bei einem realen Treffen wird einem klar , wer der Gegenüber eigentlich ist .
Doch anscheinend gefällt das den meisten Menschen !
Denn in den eltzten Jahren sprechen die Statistiken von einer deutlichen Zunahme an One - Night - Stands nach Internet - Dates .
Mann und Frau treffen sich im Idealfall , nachdem Hobbys , Werte und Strukturen verglichen und angepasst worden sind .
Die Menschen im Internet scheinen damit zufrieden und lassen sich immer häufiger auf intime Momente mit dem Internet - Partner ein , so der Schweizer Branchenexperte www.dating-radar.ch.
Bezeichnend ist es aber auch , dass in mehr als 90 Prozent der Fälle keine Beziehung daraus entstanden ist .
Das sagt deutlich , dass es am Ende wohl doch nicht der Partner fürs Leben war .
Ein weiterer wichtiger Faktor ist aber auch die Leichtlebigkeit der Menschheit im 21 .
Jahrhundert .
Werte und Normen haben sich verschoben , die sich auch auf die Monogamie und den Geschlechtsverkehr mit fast Fremden beziehen .
Schweizer suchen im Internet nach “ ficken ” und finden dort andere Schweizerinnen und Schweizer , die genau das selbe im Sinn haben .
Das Fazit zu dem Thema One - Night - Stand nach einem Online - Date in der Schweiz
Das Thema One - Night - Stand nach einem Online - Date sollte man immer differenziert betrachten .
Wenn Menschen auf der Suche nach einem neuen Partner sind , gehört auch das Thema Sex dazu .
Der Geschlechtsverkehr ist ein wichtiger Bestandteil einer Partnerschaft .
Wer nur nach privatem gratis Sex in CH sucht behilft sich auch mit den Dating - Portalen .
Daher kann der One - Night - Stand auch als eine Art Test fungieren .
Dennoch ist die Zunahme an One - Night - Stands nach Dates alarmierend .
Die heutige Gesellschaft entwickelt sich in eine Richtung , die man so vor Jahrzehnten noch nicht absehen konnte .
Vor allem die Jugend trägt mit dem Internet - Konsum dazu deutlich bei .
Read more ...
If you have been charged with a crime and need proven representation from a Los Angeles criminal lawyer , call Stephen G. Rodriguez & Partners immediately .
Your initial consultation is FREE .
Our team is dedicated to creating a strategic defense for you , aimed at securing the best possible outcome for your case .
And , we are prepared to go to trial when necessary in order to seek a not guilty verdict .
HIRING THE RIGHT LAWYER CAN MAKE ALL THE DIFFERENCE
Every Los Angeles criminal defense attorney at Stephen G. Rodriguez & Partners focuses exclusively on criminal defense .
With over 50 years of combined criminal law experience , we have earned a reputation for protecting the rights , freedoms , and futures of our clients .
You can trust that we will do the same for you .​​​​
AT&T would need to spend about $ 5 billion on its wireless network to catch up with the coverage offered by Verizon Wireless , a financial research firm said Tuesday .
The public ’s perception of AT&T ’s network is poor and declining , apparently because of real shortcomings when compared with Verizon Wireless and Sprint Nextel , said Gerard Hallaren , director of research at TownHall Investment Research .
The company hosted a conference call about AT&T for investors in conjunction with WJB Capital Group .
TownHall announced it has reduced its rating of AT&T from “ Favorable ” to “ Neutral . ”
The second - largest U.S. mobile operator has been buoyed by its exclusive deal to sell Apple ’s popular iPhone — an edge that is expected to disappear soon — but has been shortchanging its wireless infrastructure at the expense of its wired network , Hallaren said .
“ It has a choice to spend or suffer , ” Hallaren said .
According to TownHall , AT&T ’s capital expenditures on its wireless network from 2006 through September 2009 totaled about $ 21.6 billion , compared with $ 25.4 billion for Verizon and $ 16 billion for Sprint ( including Sprint ’s investments in WiMax operator Clearwire ) .
Over that time , Verizon has spent far more per subscriber : $ 353 , compared with $ 308 for AT&T , Hallaren said .
Even Sprint has outspent AT&T per subscriber , laying out $ 310 for network capital expenditure .
That investment shortfall has been the major cause of AT&T ’s poor network performance , which has been reflected in tests by Consumer Reports and PC World , Hallaren said .
Nine months ago , when TownHall first examined the issue , AT&T itself did n’t understand how bad the situation was , he said .
Top management now seems to understand the issue , though it ’s not certain AT&T will actually make the necessary investments , he said .
AT&T ’s 3G network is based on HSPA ( High - Speed Packet Access ) 7.2 , a system designed to deliver as much as 7.2 M bps ( bits per second ) .
Verizon uses EV - DO ( Evolution - Data Optimized ) , which that carrier said offers as much as 1.4 M bps in real - world performance .
The speed of the network for individual subscribers depends on a variety of factors .
The PC World test , conducted by Novarum last year , found mixed results for network speeds among AT&T , Verizon and Sprint but showed AT&T in last place for reliability in all 13 cities tested .
AT&T covers 97 percent of the U.S. population and has the nation ’s fastest 3G network , company spokesman Mark Siegel said .
Part of the problem is that AT&T invests more in its wired infrastructure than in its wireless network , even though the wireless business contributes a majority of the carrier ’s profit , Hallaren said .
AT&T gets 57 percent of its operating income from wireless and only 35 percent from wired services , but wireless only gets 34 percent of the capital expenditures , with the wired network taking up 65 percent of that spending , according to TownHall .
It ’s not clear that the investments in the U - Verse network , which in most cases takes fiber to a neighborhood and relies on copper lines to reach individual homes , will pay off , Hallaren said .
Verizon ’s FiOS uses fiber all the way to homes and can deliver higher speeds , though at a higher deployment cost per home .
The $ 5 billion investment gap could expand to $ 7 billion because of the need for new backhaul capacity to link AT&T ’s wireless network into the wired Internet , Hallaren said .
Backhaul is a problem for all mobile operators that will get worse as they increase wireless speeds , he said .
Another looming problem for AT&T is that its E911 emergency calling system , which works on its older GSM ( Global System for Mobile communications ) network , has n’t been adapted to use 3G and is unlikely to make the migration soon , he said .
That means AT&T will have to maintain that old network for the foreseeable future , including possibly more capital investment for more power - efficient GSM equipment , according to Hallaren .
Even as AT&T makes these investments , the carrier is likely to lose some subscribers after the end of its exclusive deal for the iPhone , which Hallaren expects to come in May or June .
That deal has helped the carrier both to attract subscribers and to generate healthy profit margins , he said .
“ This is going to be a juggling act for them , ” Hallaren said .
AT&T has already done some things right , he added .
Moving the 3G service to its longer range 850MHz radio band in the San Francisco area seems to have helped coverage there , and the company will probably take that strategy nationwide while testing coverage in specific areas and “ surgically ” increasing capacity , Hallaren said .
As one of the world ’s largest GSM carriers , AT&T is also well positioned to roll out LTE ( Long - Term Evolution ) , which is designed to deliver higher speeds more efficiently , and should do it soon , he said .
AT&T has said it will begin to introduce LTE next year .
Hire a Webgrrl
Webgrrl members have demonstrated that they are more Serious about their careers by the simple fact that they invest their time , mind and money to join our organization and leverage all of the resources that are available to them .
Simply put , they are more serious candidates .
As The Simpsons celebrate their 20th anniversary , here 's a look at some of the most memorable episodes that have been drawn to life over the years .
MARGE VS THE MONORAIL ( 1993 ) When Mr Burns is fined for dumping toxic waste , the town has to decide how to spend the money - and gets talked ( or rather sung ) into buying an unnecessary monorail of questionable safety .
A tribute to The Music Man , this episode features a cameo from almost every Simpsons character , and a dizzying array of pop culture references .
In the first 60 seconds alone , the show lampoons The Flintstones , Beverly Hills Cop and Silence of the Lambs .
Memorable moment : Conman Lyle Lanley tells the town meeting his plan is " more of a Shelbyville idea " .
Mayor Quimby bristles : " We 're twice as smart as the people of Shelbyville .
Just tell us your idea , and we 'll vote for it ! "
CAPE FEARE ( 1993 )
Bart 's nemesis Sideshow Bob is released on parole , forcing the Simpsons into a witness protection programme .
Bob eventually tracks the family down to a houseboat on " Lake Terror " ( the entire plot was a riff on Martin Scorsese 's recent remake of Cape Fear ) .
Offered one final request , Bart asks Bob to sing the entire score to HMS Pinafore .
Succumbing to his own vanity , the criminal purrs : " Very well , Bart , I shall send you to heaven before I send you to hell " - and finishes his rendition just as the police arrive .
Memorable moment : After a script read - through , it became clear the episode was too short , so executive producer Al Jean stretched out one throwaway sight gag for nearly thirty seconds .
The resulting sequence , where Sideshow Bob steps on , and is smacked in the face by , a rake nine times is one of the series ' best moments of slapstick .
THE ITCHY & SCRATCHY & POOCHIE SHOW ( 1997 ) Homer gets recruited as a new character in The Simpsons ' show - within - a - show , Itchy and Scratchy ( an ultra - violent parody of Tom and Jerry ) .
This was episode 167 - marking the point where The Simpsons overtook The Flintstones as the longest - running animated sitcom on US television .
The writers used the opportunity to pay tribute to the art of animation and rail against network interference in their show .
At one point , a focus group informs Itchy and Scratchy 's creators they want " a realistic , down - to - earth show that 's completely off - the - wall and swarming with magic robots " .
Memorable moment : Homer meets fellow voice artist June Bellamy ( a tribute to Hanna Barbera voice actress June Foray ) Homer : " How did you get to be so good ? "
June : " Oh , just experience , I suppose .
I started out as Road Runner - meep ! "
Homer : " You mean meep meep ! "
June : " No , they only paid me to say it once , then they doubled it up on the soundtrack " .
SIMPSONS ROASTING ON AN OPEN FIRE ( 1989 )
The first full episode of The Simpsons to air in the US was a Christmas special - a few weeks ahead of the series ' official debut on 14 January 1990 .
Actually the eighth show to be produced , this set the template for the early years with its mixture of anarchic comedy and cosy moralising .
Bart decides to get a tattoo because " they 're cool and they last forever " - but when Marge finds out , she spends her Christmas savings to have it surgically removed .
Homer takes a part - time job as a shopping mall Santa so that the children will still get gifts but , to his dismay , discovers at the last minute that his pay cheque is a mere $ 13 .
" Do n't worry , " says Bart , comforting his father , " if TV has taught me anything , it 's that miracles always happen to poor kids at Christmas . "
Memorable moment : Bart hands over his Christmas list to Marge : " There 's only one fat guy that brings us presents and his name ai n't Santa . "
BART GETS AN 'F ' ( 1990 )
By the start of the second series , of which this was the first episode , Bart had become something of a counter - culture hero .
But rather than capitalise on the character 's punky reputation , the show 's writers decided to show that , deep down , he was scared of failure .
The 10 - year - old spends the episode hopelessly trying to study for an all - important exam , and breaks down in tears when he gets the inevitable ' F ' .
Insightful and poignant , it remains the highest - rated Simpsons episode ever , watched by 33 m people in the US - putting it ahead of the Cosby Show for the first time .
Memorable moment : Unable to concentrate on revision , Bart slaps himself around the face , muttering : " You wanna be held back a grade ?
Concentrate , man ! "
There is a sudden jump cut to the next day , as the class are handing in their completed test papers - and Bart is still slapping himself .
THE MONKEY SUIT ( 2006 )
The common consensus is that The Simpsons ' golden era ended after season nine , but this episode , from series 17 , shows the writers still have fire in their bellies .
When devout Christian Ned Flanders discovers the Springfield museum is promoting the theory of evolution ( one exhibit is labelled " indisputable fossil records " ) he starts a campaign to have creationism taught in science class .
This sets up a classic tug - of - war between liberal thinker Lisa and the town 's more traditionally minded residents , which only ends when Homer 's attempts to open a bottle of beer make the link between ape and man apparent .
Memorable moment : Lisa : " How can you teach the book of Genesis as a scientific theory ? "
Principal Skinner : " This helpful video will evade all your questions . "
He loads up the tape , and the credits begin : " So you 're calling God a liar ? "
TREEHOUSE OF HORROR V ( 1995 ) The Simpsons ' annual Halloween show can be hit and miss , but this example features three classic horror tales .
In a parody of The Shining , Homer goes crazy when he finds there is no TV or beer at his remote winter lodge , prompting him to try to kill his family .
Time and Punishment sees Homer change the world to one ruled by Ned Flanders after he goes back in time and accidentally kills a mosquito , causing a huge butterfly effect .
The final tale , Nightmare Cafeteria , sees unruly pupils being used as a grisly new food source at Springfield Elementary School after the cafeteria is hit by budget cuts .
Memorable moment : In Nightmare Cafeteria , Principal Skinner chases Bart down a corridor , declaring : " I 'm going to enjoy devouring you Bart Simpson .
Yes , I believe I 'll start , as you so often suggested , by eating your shorts . "
LIFE ON THE FAST LANE ( 1990 ) Homer buys
Marge an expensive bowling ball for her birthday , secretly hoping she 'll give it to him ( he even has the holes drilled to fit his own fingers ) .
But the plan backfires , as Marge decides to start using her gift at the local bowling alley - and is seduced by velvet - tongued bowling expert Jacques ( played by guest star Albert Brooks ) .
Sensing something is amiss , Bart and Lisa prepare for their parents to split up , but Marge stops short of having an affair when she realises how much she loves her family .
The episode ends with a parody of An Officer and A Gentleman , as Homer happily leaves work with Marge in his arms , declaring : " I 'm going to the back seat of my car with the woman I love , and I wo n't be back for 10 minutes . "
Memorable moment : When Homer presents
Marge with the bowling ball , it falls out of its box and crushes her birthday cake .
Homer : " Do n't worry this frosting will come right off .
Beauty is n't she ? "
Marge : " It 's hard for me to judge as I 've never bowled in my life . "
LISA THE VEGETARIAN ( 1995 ) Lisa decides to give up meat when she falls in love with a tiny lamb during a visit to the zoo .
She falls out with Homer after ruining his pork and beef - filled barbecue ( by pushing the spit roast off a cliff with a lawn mower ) and runs away from home .
Her spirits are given a boost when she encounters Sir Paul McCartney and his late wife Linda , who advise her how to handle other people 's carnivorous tendencies .
Sir Paul reportedly only agreed to appear on the show if the writers kept Lisa committed to vegetarianism until the end of the series .
Memorable moment : Lisa : " I never realised before , but some Itchy & Scratchy cartoons send the message that violence against animals is funny . "
Bart : " They what ?
Cartoons do n't have messages , Lisa . "
LAST EXIT TO SPRINGFIELD ( 1993 ) Homer takes charge of the union at Springfield 's nuclear plant in an attempt to save the workers ' dental plan .
His motivations , as ever , are selfish - Lisa needs braces , and he can only afford a set that " predate stainless steel , so you can't get them wet " .
The story pits Homer against power plant owner Mr Burns ( age 104 , social security number 000 - 00 - 0002 ) , who tries to break the strike by bribing Homer - only to have the offer misinterpreted as a sexual advance .
With references to The Grinch , Godfather II , Batman and Yellow Submarine , this is frequently cited as the show 's best - ever episode .
Memorable moment : Mr Burns : " This is a thousand monkeys working at a thousand typewriters .
Soon , they 'll have finished the greatest novel known to man . "
He picks up a page and reads aloud : " All right , let 's see ...
' It was the best of times , it was the blurst of times ? '
You stupid monkey . "
Do you have a memorable Simpsons moment ?
Send us your comments
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It 's been a terrible week for Tiger Woods , but the golf star 's moment of madness at the steering wheel has brought a surge in sales for a book written by a science writer teaching at Sussex University .
A series of pictures released by Florida police of Woods 's wrecked SUV includes a shot of the back seat , complete with waterbottle , towel and furled umbrella .
But there among the shards of tinted glass in the footwell sits a well - thumbed copy of a paperback with the golf - appropriate title clearly visible : Get a Grip on Physics .
This incidental role in Woods 's domestic drama has been enough to create a rush to get hold of the book , with the title 's sales rank on Amazon.com jumping from 396,224 earlier in the week to a high spotted yesterday by the Wall Street Journal of 2,268 .
Speaking in a break between lectures this morning , the author , John Gribbin , said he was " delighted that anyboy 's reading my books .
I just wish it was one that 's still in print . "
Part of a planned series on subject areas which was cancelled after poor sales , Get a Grip on Physics is an illustrated introduction to modern physics first published in 1999 which tells the story of developments in physics since the 1950s , charting the discovery of the four forces of nature , the search for grand unified theories and the beginnings of string theory .
" It 's not a book you sit down and read from cover to cover , " said Gribbin , " you can dip in and out of it .
Tiger Woods is absolutely my target audience .
He 's busy , has n't got a lot of time , but wants to catch up on what 's happening in physics . "
Publishers are becoming increasingly familiar with rapid rises in book sales , though the spikes are more often associated with US presidents .
Barack Obama has already sparked a rush on sales of Joseph O'Neill 's Netherland and Jonathan Alter 's The Defining Moment , but he is following in the footsteps of Bill Clinton and John F Kennedy , who set off a stampedes for titles by Walter Mosley and Ian Fleming .
Gribbin has yet to see a rise in sales on Amazon.co.uk , where the book was languishing at a ranking of 71,115 this morning ( perhaps because it was published in the UK under a different title : Get a Grip on New Physics ) , but he 's hoping that Tiger Woods may graduate onto his other works .
Best known for In Search of Schrödinger 's Cat , an exploration of the mysteries of quantum physics still selling well 25 years after it was first published , Gribbin has amassed a back catalogue which ranges widely over modern science .
His latest book is In Search of the Multiverse , which charts ideas about alternative realities from Hugh Everett 's many - worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics to recent developments in M - theory pointing to a landscape of alternative universes in string theory .
" Perhaps Woods will see if he can find a universe in which none of this ever happened , " suggested Gribbin .
Revealed :
The ghost fleet of the recession anchored just east of Singapore
The biggest and most secretive gathering of ships in maritime history lies at anchor east of Singapore .
Never before photographed , it is bigger than the U.S. and British navies combined but has no crew , no cargo and no destination - and is why your Christmas stocking may be on the light side this year
The ' ghost fleet ' near Singapore .
The world 's ship owners and government economists would prefer you not to see this symbol of the depths of the plague still crippling the world 's economies
The tropical waters that lap the jungle shores of southern Malaysia could not be described as a paradisical shimmering turquoise .
They are more of a dark , soupy green .
They also carry a suspicious smell .
Not that this is of any concern to the lone Indian face that has just peeped anxiously down at me from the rusting deck of a towering container ship ; he is more disturbed by the fact that I may be a pirate , which , right now , on top of everything else , is the last thing he needs .
His appearance , in a peaked cap and uniform , seems rather odd ; an officer without a crew .
But there is something slightly odder about the vast distance between my jolly boat and his lofty position , which I can't immediately put my finger on .
Then I have it - his 750 ft - long merchant vessel is standing absurdly high in the water .
The low waves do n't even bother the lowest mark on its Plimsoll line .
It 's the same with all the ships parked here , and there are a lot of them .
Close to 500 .
An armada of freighters with no cargo , no crew , and without a destination between them .
Simon Parry among the ships in southern Malaysia
My ramshackle wooden fishing boat has floated perilously close to this giant sheet of steel .
But the face is clearly more scared of me than I am of him .
He shoos me away and scurries back into the vastness of his ship .
His footsteps leave an echo behind them .
Navigating a precarious course around the hull of this Panama - registered hulk , I reach its bow and notice something else extraordinary .
It is tied side by side to a container ship of almost the same size .
The mighty sister ship sits empty , high in the water again , with apparently only the sailor and a few lengths of rope for company .
Nearby , as we meander in searing midday heat and dripping humidity between the hulls of the silent armada , a young European officer peers at us from the bridge of an oil tanker owned by the world 's biggest container shipping line , Maersk .
We circle and ask to go on board , but are waved away by two Indian crewmen who appear to be the only other people on the ship .
' They are telling us to go away , ' the boat driver explains .
' No one is supposed to be here .
They are very frightened of pirates . '
Here , on a sleepy stretch of shoreline at the far end of Asia , is surely the biggest and most secretive gathering of ships in maritime history .
Their numbers are equivalent to the entire British and American navies combined ; their tonnage is far greater .
Container ships , bulk carriers , oil tankers - all should be steaming fully laden between China , Britain , Europe and the US , stocking camera shops , PC Worlds and Argos depots ahead of the retail pandemonium of 2009 .
But their water has been stolen .
They are a powerful and tangible representation of the hurricanes that have been wrought by the global economic crisis ; an iron curtain drawn along the coastline of the southern edge of Malaysia 's rural Johor state , 50 miles east of Singapore harbour .
' We do n't understand why they are here .
There are so many ships but no one seems to be on board , ' said local fisherman Ah Wat
It is so far off the beaten track that nobody ever really comes close , which is why these ships are here .
The world 's ship owners and government economists would prefer you not to see this symbol of the depths of the plague still crippling the world 's economies .
So they have been quietly retired to this equatorial backwater , to be maintained only by a handful of bored sailors .
The skeleton crews are left alone to fend off the ever - present threats of piracy and collisions in the congested waters as the hulls gather rust and seaweed at what should be their busiest time of year .
Local fisherman Ah Wat , 42 , who for more than 20 years has made a living fishing for prawns from his home in Sungai Rengit , says : ' Before , there was nothing out there - just sea .
Then the big ships just suddenly came one day , and every day there are more of them .
' Some of them stay for a few weeks and then go away .
But most of them just stay .
You used to look Christmas from here straight over to Indonesia and see nothing but a few passing boats .
Now you can no longer see the horizon . '
The size of the idle fleet becomes more palpable when the ships ' lights are switched on after sunset .
From the small fishing villages that dot the coastline , a seemingly endless blaze of light stretches from one end of the horizon to another .
Standing in the darkness among the palm trees and bamboo huts , as calls to prayer ring out from mosques further inland , is a surreal and strangely disorientating experience .
It makes you feel as if you are adrift on a dark sea , staring at a city of light .
Ah Wat says : ' We do n't understand why they are here .
There are so many ships but no one seems to be on board .
When we sail past them in our fishing boats we never see anyone .
They are like real ghost ships and some people are scared of them .
They believe they may bring a curse with them and that there may be bad spirits on the ships . '
Two container ships tied together in southern Malaysia , waiting for the next charter
As daylight creeps across the waters , flags of convenience from destinations such as Panama and the Bahamas become visible .
In reality , though , these vessels belong to some of the world 's biggest Western shipping companies .
And the sickness that has ravaged them began far away - in London , where the industry 's heart beats , and where the plummeting profits and hugely reduced cargo prices are most keenly felt .
The Aframax - class oil tanker is the camel of the world 's high seas .
By definition , it is smaller than 132,000 tons deadweight and with a breadth above 106ft .
It is used in the basins of the Black Sea , the North Sea , the Caribbean Sea , the China Sea and the Mediterranean - or anywhere where non-OPEC exporting countries have harbours and canals too small to accommodate very large crude carriers ( VLCC ) or ultra-large crude carriers ( ULCCs ) .
The term is based on the Average Freight Rate Assessment ( AFRA ) tanker rate system and is an industry standard .
A couple of years ago these ships would be steaming back and forth .
Now 12 per cent are doing nothing
You may wish to know this because , if ever you had an irrational desire to charter one , now would be the time .
This time last year , an Aframax tanker capable of carrying 80,000 tons of cargo would cost £ 31,000 a day ( $ 50,000 ) .
Now it is about £ 3,400 ( $ 5,500 ) .
This is why the chilliest financial winds anywhere in the City of London are to be found blowing through its 400 - plus shipping brokers .
Between them , they manage about half of the world 's chartering business .
The bonuses are long gone .
The last to feel the tail of the economic whiplash , they - and their insurers and lawyers - await a wave of redundancies and business failures in the next six months .
Commerce is contracting , fleets rust away - yet new ship - builds ordered years ago are still coming on stream .
World shipping is tracked by satellite service Vesseltracker
Just 12 months ago these financiers and brokers were enjoying fat bonuses as they traded cargo space .
But nobody wants the space any more , and those that still need to ship goods across the world are demanding vast reductions in price .
Do not tell these men and women about green shoots of recovery .
As Briton Tim Huxley , one of Asia 's leading ship brokers , says , if the world is really pulling itself out of recession , then all these idle ships should be back on the move .
' This is the time of year when everyone is doing all the Christmas stuff , ' he points out .
' A couple of years ago those ships would have been steaming back and forth , going at full speed .
But now you 've got something like 12 per cent of the world 's container ships doing nothing . '
Aframaxes are oil bearers .
But the slump is industry - wide .
The cost of sending a 40ft steel container of merchandise from China to the UK has fallen from £ 850 plus fuel charges last year to £ 180 this year .
The cost of chartering an entire bulk freighter suitable for carrying raw materials has plunged even further , from close to £ 185,000 ( $ 300,000 ) last summer to an incredible £ 6,100 ( $ 10,000 ) earlier this year .
Business for bulk carriers has picked up slightly in recent months , largely because of China 's rediscovered appetite for raw materials such as iron ore , says Huxley .
But this is a small part of international trade , and the prospects for the container ships remain bleak .
Some experts believe the ratio of container ships sitting idle could rise to 25 per cent within two years in an extraordinary downturn that shipping giant Maersk has called a ' crisis of historic dimensions ' .
Last month the company reported its first half - year loss in its 105 - year history .
Martin Stopford , managing director of Clarksons , London 's biggest ship broker , says container shipping has been hit particularly hard : ' In 2006 and 2007 trade was growing at 11 per cent .
In 2008 it slowed down by 4.7 per cent .
This year we think it might go down by as much as eight per cent .
If it costs £ 7,000 a day to put the ship to sea and if you only get £ 6,000 a day , than you have got a decision to make .
' Yet at the same time , the supply of container ships is growing .
This year , supply could be up by around 12 per cent and demand is down by eight per cent .
Twenty per cent spare is a lot of spare of anything - and it 's come out of nowhere . '
These empty ships should be carrying Christmas over to the West .
All retailers will have already ordered their stock for the festive season long ago .
With more than 92 per cent of all goods coming into the UK by sea , much of it should be on its way here if it is going to make it to the shelves before Christmas .
Lights from the fleet of ships illuminate the night - time horizon
But retailers are running on very low stock levels , not only because they expect consumer spending to be down , but also because they simply do not have the same levels of credit that they had in the past and so are unable to keep big stockpiles .
Stopford explains : ' Globalisation and shipping go hand in hand .
Worldwide , we ship about 8.2 billion tons of cargo a year .
That 's more than one ton per person and probably two to three tons for richer people like us in the West .
If the total goes down by five per cent or so , that 's a lot of cargo that is n't moving . '
The knock - on effect of so many ships sitting idle rather than moving consumer goods between Asia and Europe could become apparent in Britain in the months ahead .
' We will find out at Christmas whether there are enough PlayStations in the shops or not .
There will certainly be fewer goods coming in to Britain during the run-up to Christmas . '
Three thousand miles north - east of the ghost fleet of Johor , the shipbuilding capital of the world rocks to an unpunctuated chorus of hammer - guns blasting rivets the size of dustbin lids into shining steel panels that are then lowered onto the decks of massive new vessels .
As the shipping industry teeters on the brink of collapse , the activity at boatyards like Mokpo and Ulsan in South Korea all looks like a sick joke .
But the workers in these bustling shipyards , who teem around giant tankers and mega-vessels the length of several football pitches and capable of carrying 10,000 or more containers each , have no choice ; they are trapped in a cruel time warp .
There have hardly been any new orders .
In 2011 the shipyards will simply run out of ships to build
A decade ago , South Korean President Kim Dae-jung ( who died last month ) issued a decree to his industrial captains : he wished to make his nation the market leader in shipbuilding .
He knew the market intimately .
Before entering politics , he studied economics and worked for a Japanese - owned freight - shipping business .
Within a few years he was heading his own business , starting out with a fleet of nine ships .
Thus , by 2004 , Kim Dae - jung 's presidential vision was made real .
His country 's low - cost yards were winning 40 per cent of world orders , with Japan second with 24 per cent and China way behind on 14 per cent .
But shipbuilding is a horrendously hard market to plan .
There is a three - year lag between the placing of an order and the delivery of a ship .
With contracts signed , down - payments made and work under way , stopping work on a new ship is the economic equivalent of trying to change direction in an ocean liner travelling at full speed towards an iceberg .
Thus the labours of today 's Korean shipbuilders merely represent the completion of contracts ordered in the fat years of 2006 and 2007 .
Those ships will now sail out into a global economy that no longer wants them .
Maersk announced last week that it was renegotiating terms and prices with Asian shipyards for 39 ordered tankers and gas carriers .
One of the company 's executives , Kristian Morch , said the shipping industry was in uncharted waters .
As he told the global shipping newspaper Lloyd 's List only last week : ' You have a contraction of oil demand , you have a falling world economy and you have a contraction of financing capabilities - and at the same time as a lot of new ships are being delivered . '
Demand peaked in 2005 when , with surplus tonnage worldwide standing at just 0.7 per cent , ship owners raced to order , fearing docks and berths at major shipyards would soon be fully booked .
That spell of ' panic buying ' has heightened today 's alarming mismatch between supply and demand .
Keith Wallis , East Asia editor of Lloyd 's List , says , ' There was an ordering frenzy on all types of vessel , particularly container ships , because of the booming trade between Asia and Europe and the United States .
It was fuelled in particular by consumer demand in the UK , Europe and North America , as well as the demand for raw materials from China . '
Cranes at Singapore Dock stand idle , waiting for work
Orders for most existing ships to be delivered within the next six to nine months would be honoured , he predicted , and the ships would go into service at the expense of older vessels in the fleet , which would be scrapped or end up anchored off places like southern Malaysia .
But , says Wallis , ' some ship owners wo n't be able to pay their final instalments when the vessels are completed .
Normally , they pay ten per cent down when they order the ship and there are three or four stages of payment .
But 50 to 60 per cent is paid on delivery . '
South Korean shipyard Hanjin Heavy
Industries last week said it had been forced to put up for sale three container ships ordered at a cost of £ 60 million ( $ 100 million ) by the Iranian state shipping line after the Iranians said they could not pay the bill .
' The prospects for shipyards are bleak , particularly for the South Koreans , where they have a high proportion of foreign orders .
Whole communities in places like Mokpo and Ulsan are involved in shipbuilding and there is a lot of sub - contracting to local companies , ' Wallis says .
' So far the shipyards are continuing to work , but the problems will start to emerge next year and certainly in 2011 , because that is when the current orders will have been delivered .
There have hardly been any new orders in the past year .
In 2011 , the shipyards will simply run out of ships to build . '
Christopher Palsson , a senior consultant at London - based Lloyd 's Register - Fairplay Research , believes the situation will worsen before it gets better .
' Some ships will be sold for demolition but the net balance will be even further pressure on the freight rates and the market itself .
A lot of ship owners and operators are going to find themselves in a very difficult situation . '
The current downturn is the worst in living memory and more severe even than the slump of the early Eighties , Palsson believes .
' Back then the majority of the crash was for tankers carrying crude oil .
Today we have almost every aspect of shipping affected - bulk carriers , tankers , container carriers ... the lot .
' It is a much wider - spread situation that we have today .
China was not a major player in the world economy at that time .
Neither was India .
We had the Soviet Union .
We had shipbuilding in the United Kingdom and Europe .
' But then , back in those days the world was a very different place . '
The news that Obama has refused to sign off on any of the four major options presented to him in Afghanistan reminds me of why he was elected president .
This critical decision - arguably the most critical of his young presidency - is one that will not be rushed the way such decisions often are .
His insistence that the civilian branch truly control policy there and that empire not be passively accepted as a fait accompli are real signs of strength in the struggle to recalibrate American foreign policy .
Can you imagine Bush ever holding out like this on the military ?
Or for these reasons :
Administration officials said Wednesday that Obama wants to make it clear that the U.S. commitment in Afghanistan is not open - ended .
The stunning honesty of Eikenberry has undoubtedly concentrated minds on the core pillar of any counter - insurgency strategy : the Karzai government .
But , of course , no options have been closed off yet :
The White House says Obama has not made a final choice , though military and other officials have said he appears near to approving a slightly smaller increase than McChrystal wants at the outset .
Among the options for Obama would be ways to phase in additional troops , perhaps eventually equaling McChrystal 's full request , based on security or other conditions in Afghanistan and in response to pending decisions on troops levels by some U.S. allies fighting in Afghanistan .
What we are seeing here , I suspect , is what we see everywhere with Obama : a relentless empiricism in pursuit of a particular objective and a willingness to let the process take its time .
The very process itself can reveal - not just to Obama , but to everyone - what exactly the precise options are .
Instead of engaging in adolescent tests of whether a president is " tough " or " weak " , we actually have an adult prepared to allow the various choices in front of us be fully explored .
He is , moreover , not taking the decision process outside the public arena .
He is allowing it to unfold within the public arena .
Others , moreover , are allowed to take the lead : McChrystal , or Netanyahu , or Pelosi , in the case of Af - Pak , Israel - Palestine and health insurance , respectively .
Obama encourages the process but hangs back , broadly - and persistently - pursuing certain objectives without tipping his hand on specifics or timing .
So the troop question is rather like the public option question .
Obama 's position - almost a year into his presidency - is yet to be revealed .
The president waits , prods , allows the parties to reveal their hands , and keeps his final detailed position to himself .
By allowing the debate to continue in public , he also tries to get the public more , rather than less , involved .
So we too get to show our hand as the debate continues .
And the polls show Americans pretty evenly - and understandably - divided on the excruciating and ultimately prudential question of what to do next .
Ubuntu 9.10 is causing outrage and frustration , with early adopters wishing they 'd stuck with previous versions of the Linux distro .
Blank and flickering screens , failure to recognize hard drives , defaulting to the old 2.6.28 Linux kernel , and failure to get encryption running are taking their toll , as early adopters turn to the web for answers and log fresh bug reports in Ubuntu forums .
Reg reader motoh delivered a warning on moving to Ubuntu 9.10 from version 9.04 - Jaunty Jackalope - in comments on our review of the new OS here .
" If you upgrade from Jaunty beware .
You may have a rough ride .
I made my mistake by trying too soon .
Wait the usual month , " motoh wrote .
Angus77 at Ubuntuforums.org agreed : " This is so frustrating !
Jaunty was a snap to install . "
They 're in good company , as more than a fifth of people upgrading to Ubuntu 9.10 have reported issues they can't fix , according to an Ubuntuforums.org poll here .
Only around 10 per cent of those upgrading or installing reported a completely flawless experience .
Overall , those installing Ubuntu 9.10 on a clean machine are having a slightly easier time than those making the upgrade .
Users installing Ubuntu 9.10 were able to solve more of the niggling problems than those trying to upgrade from an older version .
Canonical and Ubuntu should be worried .
Typically , it 's the more technical users overall who install Ubuntu - and early adopters tend to be the most technical of the technical .
If these people are experiencing problems they cannot solve , then the outlook for Ubuntu among a broader , less technical consumer base - especially on prized netbooks against Windows 7 - is not great .
And that 's a sentiment already being voiced in the Ubuntu forums .
Ubuntu 9.10 upgrader graydo64 posted : " Wish I 'd done a clean install .
Appreciate that as an existing and generally content Ubuntu user I 'm not Joe Public but if I were I 'd have dropped Ubuntu at about 9.30 last night and toddled off to find a copy of Windows 7 . "
The problems causing the biggest headaches are in graphics , with reports of flickering or dead screens .
Adopters have re-downloaded and re-installed Ubuntu 9.10 , and people have scoured the web for answers only to hit the same issues .
A bug has now being filed in Ubuntu forums on how Ubuntu 9.10 breaks graphics drivers and X , preventing log in or startx .
Motoh wrote in our comments section : " A wealth of X server issues have cropped up , causing black screens with hard to trace causes .
Proprietary driver activation has become buggy , and program crashes are routine instead of rare . "
Motoh called Ubuntu 9.10 " a huge disappointment " , writing " All in all , a very underwhelming release .
You can do better , Canonical . "
A conflict with graphics cards from Nvidia and ATI seems to be the issue , but there 's no answer " why " or obvious fix .
Other problems : Ubuntu 9.10 is installing the old Linux kernel - 2.6.28 - not the new , 2.6.31 kernel released in September , with Ubuntu 9.10 also failing to see hard drives on certain machines .
Encryption proved a hurdle for Ubuntu forum member w00ly , who decried the lack of automation on encrypting his home partition .
" I had chosen to encrypt the home partition when installing 9.04 and then was n't able to get the passphrase command to complete the encryption process to work properly , " w00ly wrote .
Finally , after a late night and getting some advice online , w00ly wrote : " I certainly wish the encryption mounting process was more automated like everything else is !! "
The best you can say of this situation is that the problems are n't universal .
Ubuntu and Reg readers together report installing Ubuntu 9.10 on Acer Aspire A150s , Hewlett Packard 2133 , IBM T60 , ThinkPad T42 , and EEE PC netbooks , and laptops either flawlessly or with minor issues .
Still , that proves that Ubuntu has a long road to haul before installing even this popular Linux distro is the no-brainer that helps makes Windows the success it is among regular PC users .
Canonical was unable to comment on the problems at press time . ®
// local #include " warriors.hpp " // stl # include < iostream > int main ( ) { Spearman s( " Elmund " , 15 ) ; Lancer l( " Marius " , 12 ) ; Hammerer h( " Bork " , 20 ) ; Macer m( " Rigolus " , 18 ) ; Merman mm ( " Novarro " , 19 ) ; Thief t( " Delon " , 12 ) ; Gunner g( " mr. Smith " , 22 ) ; Bomber b( " Akhmed " , 19 ) ; std::cout << " --
The battle has been started --" << std::endl ; s --> l ; m --* h ; h --()- s; l ----> g ; mm ---E- m ; t +- mm ; g ,-- h ; b ( )--* t ; std::cout << " --
The battle has been finished --" << std::endl ; return 0 ; }
Elmund is entering the battle Marius is entering the battle Bork is entering the battle Rigolus is entering the battle Novarro is entering the battle Delon is entering the battle mr .
Smith is entering the battle Akhmed is entering the battle --
The battle has been started -- Elmund is throwing spear to Marius Marius has recieved 10 damage Rigolus is beating Bork by mace Bork has recieved 8 damage Bork is crushing hammer on Elmund Elmund has recieved 15 damage Elmund is dead Marius is piercing mr .
Smith by lance mr .
Smith has recieved 20 damage Novarro is striking Rigolus with trident Rigolus has recieved 16 damage Delon is backstabing Novarro by dagger Novarro has recieved 16 damage mr .
Smith is shooting Bork from handgun at Bork has recieved 30 damage Bork is dead Akhmed is blasting Delon Delon has recieved 50 damage Delon is dead --
The battle has been finished -- Akhmed is leaving the battle with 19 health mr .
Smith is leaving the battle with 2 health Delon 's body is staying on the battleground Novarro is leaving the battle with 3 health Rigolus is leaving the battle with 2 health Bork 's body is staying on the battleground Marius is leaving the battle with 2 health Elmund 's body is staying on the battleground
Впервые я увидел " оператор копьё " здес ь
( The " goes toward " operator ) .
Он мне сразу приглянулся и мне захотелось придумать побольше таких операторов .
В результате появился такой код : Вывод : P.S. Компилировал на GCC - 4.1.2 , за другие компиляторы не ручаюсь .
P.P.S. Пользуясь случаем , прошу прощения за мой английский .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/01/06/superhero-80s-album-art-cliff-chiang/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ;
When writer / director John Hughes passed away last summer , many comic fans were comforted by Cliff Chiang 's reverent " The Breakfast Club " homage starring the original Teen Titans .
As we enter the new year BuzzFeed has reminded us of the bevy of Chiang treasures waiting to be discovered on the artist 's Web site , and they are a welcome sight indeed .
From Duran Duran to Flash Dance to Prince , the ' 80s come alive at the pen of one of comics ' most skilled retro revivalists .
It 's not enough that he spices up DC Comics ' covers so frequently , he breathes life back into a decade with a twist that debatably improves upon its paired inspirations .
Check out the full assortment after the jump ... Prince meets Babs
Duran Duran Get Vampirella'ed
Elektra takes up Flashdancing
The Breakfast Titans
S omething Seriously Missing In Avatar Movie Reviews
by Andrea Cordingly , for the Reallylinux.com OP / Ed Section
Readers of this article were also interested in : Linux drives the world 's fastest computer
A s Avatar continues its climb among the top rated and top grossing movies , I enjoy reading reviews in articles and news stories about the complex CGI and how impressive the graphics .
But then I realize the significant absence of credit for the underlying operating system that made these extreme and complex computer generated graphics possible .
Where are the accolades for Linux ?
A review of the company that made the Linux computer graphics happen , known as WETA Digital ( Wellington , New Zealand , a Peter Jackson spin off company ) , is notoriously absent from the articles .
The underlying operating system , Linux RHEL ( hundreds of HP blade servers running as Linux cluster ) is also utterly absent from even the more technical news sources .
I am glad to at least see some news sources referring to the HP Blade servers .
But perhaps this is simply because some news media offer detail in their stories that is explicitly related to the advertisers and the ad dollars that support them .
However , it is a pleasant feeling to know that some of the world 's most complex CGI are created using 64 - bit Linux - based software for painting textures and 3D modeling .
It is also a joy to realize that Weta Digital uses one of the world 's largest Linux clusters for film rendering and now includes in its successes the films : Lord of the Rings , Fantastic Four , King Kong , and Avatar .
But it is a bit odd to realize that the power and versatility of Linux is taken for granted even when it serves as so integral a part of major successes like Avatar .
Therefore , I write this article as an encouragement to all those in the Linux community .
I feel a need to present these facts since it is obvious that the existence of GNU / Linux and thereby a part of the successes of major motion pictures like Avatar belong to all of us !
Abstract
Background
When the recognition problem is simplified down to distinguishing between just a few objects under controlled conditions , simple but effective algorithms can be used .
A simplified image recognition problem allows one to use algorithms that are neither complex nor computationally intensive .
The problem
For this paper we will consider the situation where one has a conveyer belt ( see figure 1 ) on which both apples and bananas are placed .
Fig 1 . Conveyer Belt setup
Problem constraints
In order to comply with the problem condition of ``limited computational resources '' we will assume the use of a low end computer or PC .
For example , one may have only a $ 1000 PC that is typically found in retail personal computer stores in the later 1990's .
In keeping with the low cost constrains , we will assume that the computer has connected to it a low end black and white digital camera that produces an uncompressed TIFF image .
Our solution below does not depend on the camera producing TIFF format images .
Any format in which the values of individual pixels can be quickly determined is sufficient .
Non-compressive cameras and no significant image processing software is in keeping with the same ``limited computational resources '' problem theme .
We assume that fruit is placed on the conveyer belt so that there is some space in - between each individual fruit .
We will assume that there is some mechanism , perhaps a light beam & photocell device , to detect when fruit is under the camera .
We will assume that the camera is positioned such that when the fruit detector detects a price of fruit , only that fruit is inside the view of the camera .
We will further assume that the conveyer belt is a low gloss flat black color .
It should be noted that due to the speed of the belt , one has only a small amount of time to made the apple / banana decision .
This constraint is in keeping with the problem condition of ``limited decision time ' ' .
It also be noted that we do not assume any particular orientation of the fruit other than it is flat on the conveyer belt .
For apples this can mean almost any position where as a banana 's orientation is more restricted by gravity .
The solution
In the above problem scenario , when the fruit detector determines that a piece of fruit is under the camera , a picture is taken and a TIFF image is transfered to the computer 's memory .
The transfer of the TIFF image to the computer is detected by a program .
The program in turn counts the number of set bits and based on a pre-determined threshold value , determines if the fruit is an apple or a banana .
Fruit detector detects an object in position under the camera
The camera records a image of its field of view
The image is transfered to the computer 's memory A computer program detects the presence of a new image
The computer program counts the number of set image bits ( white pixels )
If the set bit count > threshold then the object is a banana
otherwise it is assumed to be an apple
Fig 2 . Apple / Banana distinguishing algorithm
The image transfer and bit count process can be done fairly quickly .
Low end camera images are typically small .
Thus the transfer from the camera to computer memory as well as bit counting will not take very long .
An as example , a 413 by 413 pixel TIFF B&W image is typically less than 22 k bytes in size .
A low end camera takes an image in 1/60th of a second .
Given the speed of most video signals , the download time is usually much less than 1/60th of a second .
Thus the total camera , download and memory scan time would be no more than 1/30th of a second .
Checking the solution
We will assume that the image of a detected fruit has been transfered to the computer ( steps 1 thru 4 , see figure 2 ) .
For purposes of this test , the image is stored on disk and is read in by disting .
In our test , we used a wide variety of apples and bananas that are commonly found in major produce stores of the the United States .
While apples in US markets come in multiple varieties , bananas in US markets are often of a single variety .
Table 1 . Apple and Banana varieties used
The quality of the fruit selected was typical of a major US produce section of a supermarket .
Apples were reasonably ripe and free of spots .
Bananas were somewhat green ( as is the unfortunate case of most bananas in the US ) with few spots .
Produce quality grade apples and bananas vary in terms of color , shape and size .
To account for these differences , we selected 2 of each type of apple and banana .
With the kind assistance of a local produce vendor , we selected the both largest and the smallest ( by weight ) of each variety used ( see table 1 ) .
Given that we cannot assume any particular orientation of the fruit other than it is flat on on the conveyer belt , we took 2 images of each fruit .
In the case of apples ( which are reasonably symmetric around the axis of the stem ) we imaged them both on their sides as well as on their ends .
In the case of the bananas , which lying flat are restricted their sizes , we imaged both sides .
The original images taken were from an 8 bit color camera , 413 by 413 pixels in size .
At the distance taken , the resolution was approximately 20 pixels per centimeter ( 50 pixels per inch ) .
Lighting was from behind the camera .
Table 2 . Original Color images
We converted the original color images ( see table 1 ) into B &W images by two means .
One method was by a dithering process , the other was by a saturation process .
Color to B&W dithering was perform in a standard fashion by the XV program using its TIFF dithering method .
The saturation conversion process used a luminosity step function .
The step was set to the highest luminosity level such that very few pixels off of the flat back background ( simulated conveyer belt ) registered as white pixels .
The luminosity level was set by experimentation on the reference frame images ( pictures without fruit ) .
Reference frame Color
image Dithered
B&W image Saturation
B&W image Flat black
Conveyer belt color dithered saturated All white
full luminosity color dithered saturated
Table 3 . Reference frame images
The results of converting table 2 images into B &W images are found in table 4 below .
Table 4 . B&W images
The results
Type - Name Dithered
count Saturated
count 4015 - Red Delicious 865 ( 0.507 % )
476 ( 0.279 % )
1073 ( 0.629 % )
320 ( 0.188 % ) 2608 ( 1.529 % )
2569 ( 1.506 % )
4065 ( 2.383 % )
1614 ( 0.946 % ) 4020 - Golden Delicious 4456 ( 2.612 % )
3422 ( 2.006 % )
2409 ( 1.412 % )
3022 ( 1.772 % ) 11997 ( 7.033 % )
9660 ( 5.663 % )
8310 ( 4.872 % )
9539 ( 5.592 % ) 4103 - Breaburn 1485 ( 0.871 % )
1636 ( 0.959 % )
1367 ( 0.801 % )
1613 ( 0.946 % ) 6566 ( 3.849 % )
7383 ( 4.328 % )
5377 ( 3.152 % )
5835 ( 3.421 % ) 4131 - Fuji 2820 ( 1.653 % )
2828 ( 1.658 % )
1482 ( 0.869 % )
2342 ( 1.373 % ) 9305 ( 5.455 % )
10145 ( 5.947 % )
5652 ( 3.313 % )
9079 ( 5.323 % ) 4133 - Gala 3018 ( 1.769 % )
1901 ( 1.114 % )
2063 ( 1.209 % )
2321 ( 1.361 % ) 9603 ( 5.630 % )
7117 ( 4.172 % )
7509 ( 4.402 % )
8364 ( 4.903 % ) 4139 - Granny Smith 1654 ( 0.970 % )
1277 ( 0.749 % )
1796 ( 1.053 % )
1040 ( 0.610 % ) 6690 ( 3.922 % )
7433 ( 4.358 % )
6942 ( 4.070 % )
6490 ( 3.805 % ) 4153 - McIntosh 1410 ( 0.827 % )
970 ( 0.569 % )
1415 ( 0.830 % )
2066 ( 1.211 % ) 5140 ( 3.013 % )
4935 ( 2.893 % )
4500 ( 2.638 % )
8224 ( 4.821 % ) 4011 - Regular Cabanita
( banana ) 8360 ( 4.901 % )
12300 ( 7.211 % )
5699 ( 3.341 % )
6844 ( 4.012 % ) 25946 ( 15.211 % )
29089 ( 17.053 % )
20263 ( 11.879 % )
18603 ( 10.906 % )
Table 5 .
White pixel counts
The lowest and highest pixel counts from table 4 for apples and bananas for both dithered and saturated images are found in table 6 below .
Fruit Dithered Saturated Apples 320 ( 0.188 % ) min
4456 ( 2.629 % ) max 1614 ( 0.946 % ) min
11997 ( 7.033 % ) max Bananas 5699 ( 3.341 % ) min
12300 ( 7.211 % ) max 18603 ( 10.906 % ) min
29089 ( 17.053 % ) max
Table 6 . Min and Max pixel counts by fruit
Dithered Apple image with the most white pixels
Saturated Apple image with the most white pixels
Dithered Banana image with the most white pixels
Saturated Banana image with the most white pixels
All of the varieties , sizes and orientations of apples that we tested had notably fewer set pixels than that of the bananas .
This relationship held for both dithered and saturated images .
The large Golden Delicious apple produced the most number of white pixels in saturated images .
However that saturated apple image had only 78.2 % of the white pixels of the smallest banana .
The large Golden Delicious also produced the most number of white pixels in dithered images .
However that dithered apple image had only 64.5 % of the white pixels of the smallest banana .
However as one can see from table 6 , the typical apple imaged was even more distinct .
Typically bananas have between 3 and 4 times the number of white pixels as apples .
Statistic Dithered
Apple Saturated
Apple Dithered
Banana Saturated
Banana Dithered
Apple / Banana Saturated
Apple / Banana Average 1876.7 6880.4 8300.7 23475.2 4.423 3.412 Standard
Deviation 929.7 2486.6 2880.3 4887.9 ( n / a ) ( n /a )
Table 7 .
Image statistics
Dithering of images produced the sharpest distinction between apples and bananas .
Presumably dithered images would result in fewer mis-identifications errors .
But in the worst case that we observed , the apple and banana while pixel count populations were very distinct .
The time to both read the image and count the pixels was so insignificant as to not be measurable , often taking less than 10 milliseconds on a 200 Mhz Pentium or SGI R5k O2 .
Conclusions
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
A couple of months back the IRS released their 2010 Traditional and Roth IRA contribution limits .
It ’s important to keep an eye on those limits year to year if you ’re contributing to one of these account types .
As was expected the 2010 Traditional and Roth IRA contribution limits remain the same for the coming tax year .
2010 Traditional And Roth IRA Contribution Limits
The Traditional and Roth IRA contribution limits for the 2010 tax year are $ 5,000 for those under the age of 50 .
If you ’re over 50 you have the option of making catch up contributions to your account , which brings your limit to $ 6,000 .
It ’s important to remember that you can contribute to both a Roth IRA and a traditional IRA in the same year , but you ca n’t go over your limit ( $ 5,000 - $ 6000 ) when you combine the two accounts .
So if you were under 50 , and contributed $ 2500 to a Roth IRA , you would only be able to contribute up to $ 2500 to your Traditional IRA .
Here ’s a table showing the 2010 Traditional and Roth IRA contribution limits , along with the limits in years past .
Year Age 49 and Below Age 50 and Above 2002 - 2004 $ 3,000 $ 3,500 2005 $ 4,000 $ 4,500 2006 - 2007 $ 4,000 $ 5,000 2008 - 2012 $ 5,000 $ 6,000 2013 -2018 $ 5,500 $ 6,500 2019 - 2020 $ 6,000 $ 7,000
2010 Traditional And Roth IRA Phase Outs Based On AGI
Traditional and Roth IRAs have phase outs if you reach certain compensation limits .
Single filers with an annual Modified Adjusted Gross Income ( MAGI ) over $ 105,000 begin to see their contribution limit drop until at $ 120,000 it goes away completely .
The limits for Married Filing Jointly investors are $ 167,000 - $ 176,000 .
IRA Type Single Married Filing Jointly Roth IRA $ 105,000 – $ 120,000 $ 167,000 – $ 177,000 Traditional IRA $ 55,000 – $ 65,000 $ 89,000 – $ 109,000
Contribute To Your Traditional Or Roth IRA Until April 15th
If you have n’t already contributed the full amount to your Traditional IRA or Roth IRA for the 2009 tax year , keep in mind that you can still open a Roth IRA and contribute to the accounts up until tax day , April 15th , 2010 .
If you do make a contribution in 2010 before tax day , be sure to specify which tax year the contribution is being made for .
Differences Between Roth IRA And Traditional IRA Accounts
The main difference between Traditional IRA and Roth IRA accounts is how they are looked at for tax purposes .
Traditional IRA account contributions are made with pre-tax money .
Because of that your distributions will be taxed in retirement .
Roth IRA contributions , however , are made with dollars that have already been taxed .
Because of that the money will grow and not be taxed at withdrawal .
For a complete look at choosing between retirement accounts , check out this article : Choosing Between 401k , Traditional IRA , Roth IRA .
Do you currently have a Traditional IRA or Roth IRA ?
Are you contributing to the limit ?
Which account type do you prefer ?
Tell us your thoughts in the details .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
A New Age
When David Sarnoff , the founder of NBC , then a part of the Radio Corporation of America , stood at the New York World ’s Fair in 1939 in Flushing Meadows to introduce television to the world , he said : “ It is with a feeling of humbleness that I come to this moment of announcing the birth in this country of a new art so important in its implications that it is bound to affect all society .
It is an art which shines like a torch of hope in a troubled world .
It is a creative force which we must learn to utilize for the benefit of all mankind . ”
With that moment , Mr. Sarnoff ushered in not just a new communications form for the masses , but also the first broadcast network , NBC , which would become a cultural force in America .
At that same World ’s Fair , Americans got their first televised glimpses of a president , Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Later that year , an NBC station broadcast major league baseball for the first time .
The RCA Building and its NBC Studios were the centerpiece of Rockefeller Center in New York , placing the network near the pinnacle of American corporate prestige and power .
Along the way , the network created cultural touchstones like the comedy - variety show , giving a platform to stars like Milton Berle , Dean Martin and Bob Hope .
Its news division started the “ Today ” show in 1952 as the first early morning network news program .
“ Meet the Press ” began in 1947 and is the longest - running program on TV .
For those growing up in the 1950s and 1960s , the three networks  NBC , ABC and CBS  were the driving forces of how they understood the world .
“ It was the type of place you aspired to be a part of , ” said Tom Wolzein , who worked at NBC from 1976 to 1991 and is now a media consultant .
“ As a child of the ’60s , if you wanted to work in media , you aspired to NBC , or CBS .
“ You had three choices .
That was what defined the nation . ”
During the 1980s and 1990s , the network produced numerous prime - time shows with cultural endurance  like “ The Cosby Show , ” which first appeared in 1984 and lifted the network out of a ratings downturn , and later sitcoms like “ Seinfeld ” and “ Friends ” and dramas like “ E.R . ”
User wiploc at talkrational tells the Parable of the Pawnbroker :
I was a pawnbroker …
This guy came into my store , drew a chain out of his right - side pocket , and said , “ How much will you give me for this fine gold necklace ? ”
… I politely looked at his necklace .
It was fake .
I pointed out to him the chintzy clasp , totally unlike what would be on a necklace of value .
But he still insisted that it was real ; so I cut the chain with a file , ready to test it with acid .
But I did n’t need the acid : the inside was brown , not even gold in color .
The guy dropped the chain in his left pocket .
He drew another chain out of his right pocket , and said , “ This one ’s the real thing . ”
This one ’s the real thing ?
That was like admitting he ’d known all along that the first one was fake .
I showed him that this one did n’t say , “ 14 K , ” like real gold would .
It said , “ 14KEP , ” meaning it was electroplate .
It was n’t even pretending to be real .
But the guy still insisted it was real .
So I cut it with my file , and showed him it was another fake .
Can you guess what he did then ?
He dropped it into his left pocket , pulled a third chain from his right , and told me that this one was real .
I was happy to file this one too , ruin it , so he could n’t try to fool anyone else .
He pulled out a fourth chain .
He said it was real .
I showed him that it was n’t .
… First pattern :
When this guy said a chain was real , that did n’t carry any weight .
His apparent sincerity was an act or a pathology , not an indication of actual truthfulness .
His saying something was legitimate did n’t make it legitimate , did n’t even increase the likelihood that it was legitimate .
Second pattern :
This guy ’s chains were fake .
I had yet to examine his [ next ] chain , but I already believed it was fake .
I was willing to be surprised ; if the chain turned out to be real , I would have accepted that .
But I believed it was fake .
And that was a justified belief , reasonable in the circumstances .
This story is analogous with my experience with Christianity .
Somebody will tell me that the ontological argument is solid gold proof of the existence of Jehovah .
I point out that it is patently absurd , and he pulls out another argument .
He does n’t blush or backpedal .
He makes no apology for having indiscriminately swallowed a lie and repeated it as a truth .
He does n’t tell his friends , “ Hey , do n’t be using thiss argument anymore . ”
No , he just tells me that the modal argument for necessary greatness is absolute proof of god ’s existence .
When I point out that this argument is no stronger than its opposite , the modal argument for the nonexistence of necessary greatness , what does he do ?
Is he taken aback ?
Does he say he ’d better rethink whether his god really exists ?
Of course not .
He pulls out another argument , and says , with all the sincerity of a seller of fake chains , “ This one ’s the real thing . ”
Photonic Crystals :
Molding the Flow of Light
second edition
John D. Joannopoulos , Steven G. Johnson , Joshua N. Winn , and Robert D. Meade
Published in 2008 by Princeton University Press , this is the second edition of our undergraduate - level textbook on photonic crystals : electromagnetism in periodic ( or partially periodic ) geometries on the scale of the wavelength of light .
The table of contents and back - cover description for the second edition can be found on the publisher 's web site .
Compared to the first edition ( published in 1995 ) , the new edition is greatly revised and expanded — it is at least twice the length of the original ( going from 184 pages to 304 pages , and from 6 × 9 - inch format to 7×10 inches ) , including several new chapters and substantial improvements in every pre-existing chapter .
Read the Book Online
Princeton University
Press has graciously allowed us to post a PDF preprint of the entire book online :
Of course , we hope that you will purchase the book ( which is beautifully printed in full color ) if you find it useful , but we are happy in any case if we are able to introduce a reader to this exciting field .
( Technical note : the PDF file is best viewed in Adobe Acrobat ; we 've noticed that Apple 's Preview version 4.0/4.1 slightly corrupts two images on pages 86 and 98 of the PDF . )
Order Online
You can compare prices from multiple vendors at this Books Price.com page .
See also the Google Books page on this textbook .
Author Information
Errata
Unfortunately , a few small errors were identified too late in the printing process to change , and are corrected here ; we apologize for these flaws .
BBC News has reported on medical issues including swine flu
A review of the BBC 's science coverage is to take place to assess how impartial it is , the corporation 's Trust has announced .
The review will examine factual and news treatment of subjects including GM crops and climate change .
Science " covers some of the most sensitive editorial issues the BBC faces " , said trustee Richard Tait .
The move , part of an ongoing review of impartiality in the BBC 's output , will report back in 2011 .
Fresh look
Business and the devolved nations have been examined by the trust in recent years .
Mr Tait , who is chairman of the trust 's Editorial Standards Committee , said : " Science is an area of great importance to licence fee payers . "
Many of the topics covered provoke " heated debate " and provide a stern challenge for the BBC to remain impartial , added Mr Tait .
" The BBC has a well - earned reputation for the quality of its science reporting , but it is also important that we look at it afresh to ensure that it is adhering to the very high standards that licence fee payers expect , " he continued .
Natural science , technology and medicine will all come under scrutiny , especially areas that encompass new scientific claims and research findings .
The BBC has said that it intends to raise the profile of its science coverage across TV , radio and online output this year .
Knut Haugland , the last surviving member of the six - man crew that sailed on the Kon -Tiki expedition in 1947 , and a leader of the Norwegian resistance who helped carry out one of the most daring acts of sabotage of World War II , died in Oslo on Dec. 25 .
He was 92 .
His death was confirmed by Maja Bauge , the director of the Kon-Tiki Museum in Oslo .
By the time Mr. Haugland met Thor Heyerdahl , the future leader of the Kon -Tiki expedition , in a British paramilitary training camp during the war , he had already experienced enough danger to last a lifetime .
A 101 - day voyage from Peru to Polynesia on the open ocean aboard a balsa raft would have been the ultimate test of courage and endurance for most men , but for Mr. Haugland it was more like an adventure vacation .
As a radio engineer , Mr. Haugland had fought the invading Nazis at the battle of Narvik in 1940 and then , while pretending to be a typical worker at an Oslo radio factory , took a leading role in the anti-Nazi resistance , training radio operators and setting up secret transmitters .
Twice he was captured and escaped , once by back - flipping over a snow bank and running off into the woods before his guards could use their weapons .
A third time , surrounded by the Gestapo at a maternity hospital in Oslo where he had set up a transmitter in a chimney , he shot his way to freedom with a pistol .
With the recession dominating headlines across the U.S. and around the world for the past year and a half , some of the media buzz about global warming has , sadly , been disregarded by the wider public .
However , a new report from NASA may change that .
The research is courtesy of NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , or GISS .
According to the U.S. government space agency , 2009 was the second warmest year on record -- second only to 2005 .
However , 2009 does share a statistical tie with the years 1998 , 2002 , 2003 , 2006 and 2007 .
Some may take this to mean 2009 was n't all that hot after all , but more than anything the tie highlights the fact that the earth has been a very warm place for the last decade or so .
( Source : arstechnica.com )
Hottest Year on Record in Southern Hemisphere
In fact , some experts worry that people are getting used to all this heat -- after all , there have been at least six recent years as hot as the last one .
Also worth considering : the U.S. was not the hottest place in the world last year -- instead , it was in the Southern Hemisphere where most records were broken .
NASA says temperatures there were warmer than any other year on record .
" The contiguous 48 states cover only 1.5 percent of the world area , so the United States ' temperature does not affect the global temperature much , " GISS director James Hansen said .
Warming Continuing " Unabated "
According to Hansen and the GISS , temperatures continue to fluctuate and there will be cooler days , seasons and even years in the near and distant future .
However , scientists must consider various factors for these fluctuations , none of which indicate that the global warming issue is going away .
" There 's substantial year - to - year variability of global temperature caused by the tropical El Nino - La Nina cycle , " Hansen noted .
" When we average temperature over five or ten years to minimize that variability , we find global warming is continuing unabated . "
( Source : mongabay.com )
Temperatures Rise Each Decade Since 19th Century
According to the GISS , since 1880 temperatures worldwide have risen about 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit , or 0.8 degrees Celsius .
That means an increase of 0.36 degrees Fahrenheit ( 0.2 degrees Celsius ) in the global temperature each decade .
And there 's no indication the trend is about to change .
" There 's a contradiction between the results shown here and popular perceptions about climate trends , " Hansen noted .
" In the last decade , global warming has not stopped . "
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
01/15/2010
SPLC ' hate group ' is all kinds of about Brown .
That should make you see red / get your green !
by Jeremy Hooper
This is what the fringe , radical anti-gay group MassResistance looks like :
So is this :
This Memorial day , here in Massachusetts in 2007 , the homosexual lobby dominates our State House , and is filing bills to push their agenda further than ever .
They have homosexual clubs in high schools across the state .
They use state money to bring kids downtown to mingle with adult cross-dressers and other hard - core activists .
A federal judge ruled that schools can show picture books to elementary school children about homosexual romance .
And our political leaders help raise money for their movement .
Sixty - five years from today , what will people remember about what you did to stop them ?
Will you dedicate yourself to this fight ?
World War
Two was won with guns and bullets and bombs .
This war will be won with truth and fearlessness .
I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that we can and will prevail completely .
Our adversary 's movement has the illusion of indomitable strength , but it is really a house of cards , held up by threats and intimidation and a dysfunctional ideology .
If you are willing to fight - to tell the truth and not be afraid - it will fall .
There is one difference from 1942 .
Today , one of the biggest obstacles in this battle is the mainstream conservative movement itself - our side .
They value " dignity " and " polite behavior " over speaking the harsh and uncomfortable truth .
They preach prayer as a way to avoid taking action .
They seek to compromise as a way to avoid conflict .
They talk about differences of opinion as a way to avoid facing good versus evil .
It subverts our efforts and causes terrible results .
Did people in 1942 talk about respecting the Nazis " choice " of political philosophy ?
Or that we ought to consider letting Japan have Korea and the Solomon Islands if they 'd let us have the Philippines - because that 's what the " experts " say we could work out ?
Do n't listen to them .
It 's a false promise .
It 's extremely tempting but it 's the road to hell .
That 's why we support a Parents ' Rights
Bill that gives parents complete control .
And it's why we do n't support the current Constitutional Amendment that purposefully compromises by only banning future homosexual " marriages " and allowing all others - including civil unions or domestic partnership - to stand unimpeded .
Compromising in normal discourse is often appropriate ; but compromising with evil is disastrous .
Why we keep fighting ; a Memorial Day message [ MassResistance via CCL ]
So is this :
And so is their constant and growing support for Republican candidate for U.S. Senate , Scott Brown :
MassResistance 's Brian Camenker on Brown :
* SOURCE : Faith 2 Action , 1/12/10
Ya know , just in case you needed another reason to donate to pro-equality Martha Coakley :
LGBT for Coakley [ ActBlue ]
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
In 1998 , scientists predicted that the Chacaltaya glacier above La Paz would have completely disappeared by 2015 .
Now experts say it will already be gone completely early this year .
The 2 million residents of the city of La Paz and its suburb El Alto depend on the surrounding glaciers for some of their water needs .
El Alto has expanded from 220,000 residents in 1985 to almost one million today , increasing the demand for water .
Half the electricity of the country is also produced from hydro - power , meaning the lack of rain and disappearance of glaciers may create an energy crisis in the future when the glaciers have gone .
Here ’s a sugar alcohol derived from the North Atlantic seaweed Fucus vesiculosus .
It ’s called fucitol .
And its optical isomers are called D - fuc - ol and L - fuc-ol .
The glycoprotein that vampire bats use to prevent their victims ’ blood from clotting is called draculin .
And diethyl azodicarboxylate is explosive , shock - sensitive , carcinogenic , and an eye , skin , and respiratory irritant , which helps to justify its acronym : DEAD .
See Juvenile Chemistry .
General +
Many players claimed Focus Attacks are sped up .
+ The game feels faster according to many people , but this is n't a for sure thing .
Abel + New Ultra : Breathless .
Seems to be a great move so far , super fast start up time , grabs low and has Super Armor .
+ Change of Direction is safer if blocked .
+ Damage seems to be increased on certain moves .
Crouching Hard Punch , Cancel into Roll , Falling
Sky takes off more life .
+ New Ultra : Breathless .
Seems to be a great move so far , super fast start up time , grabs low and has Super Armor .+
Change of Direction is safer if blocked .+
Damage seems to be increased on certain moves .
Crouching Hard Punch , Cancel into Roll , Falling
Sky takes off more life .
Akuma - Far Standing Hard Kick ( Double Kicks ) have more start up time .
- Standing Light Punch can no longer Link into far Standing Hard Kick .
- Fireball , FADC , far Standing Hard Kick only works on large hitbox characters now .
+ New Ultra : Demon Armageddon .
Up , Up + 3 x Kick command .
Does n't seem to have many ways to combo into it , ca n't be used as anti-air .
Also will miss crouching opponents .
- Far Standing Hard Kick ( Double Kicks ) have more start up time .- Standing Light Punch can no longer Link into far Standing Hard Kick .- Fireball , FADC , far Standing Hard Kick only works on large hitbox characters now .+
New Ultra : Demon Armageddon .
Up , Up + 3 x Kick command .
Does n't seem to have many ways to combo into it , ca n't be used as anti-air .
Also will miss crouching opponents .
Balrog ( Boxer ) - Headbutt Cancel into Ultra Running Punch has revamped juggling properties .
Apparently the final hit of the Ultra now whiffs .
+ New Ultra : Dirty Bull .
360 + 3 x Punch command grab .
35 % damage at level 1 , several people claim it does A LOT of stun .
Recovery time if this misses is fast , but seems to have a lot of start up time , for a grab .
- Headbutt Cancel into Ultra Running Punch has revamped juggling properties .
Apparently the final hit of the Ultra now whiffs .+
New Ultra : Dirty Bull .
360 + 3 x Punch command grab .
35 % damage at level 1 , several people claim it does A LOT of stun .
Recovery time if this misses is fast , but seems to have a lot of start up time , for a grab .
Blanka +
Blanka 's walk speed is faster now .
+ Crouching Hard Punch is a better .
Faster , sticks out farther and seems to be a much better poke and anti air .
+ New Ultra : Shout of Earth .
This move has two versions , when done with 3 x Punches it's an anti air , 3 x Kicks is an anti ground move .
It 's performed like Guile 's original Ultra move in Street Fighter 4 , but you can hold the button and release it when you want the attack to come out .
Seth Killian told a player the Kick version can punish fireballs at full - screen 's distance , although you 'll still take damage from the fireball , they 'll take full damage from your Ultra .
* Horizontal ball flies closer to the ground , apparently someone swept Blanka out of it .
- Chip ( block ) damage on old Ultra , Lightning Cannonball , has been reduced .
+ Blanka 's walk speed is faster now .+
Crouching Hard Punch is a better .
Faster , sticks out farther and seems to be a much better poke and anti air .+
New Ultra : Shout of Earth .
This move has two versions , when done with 3 x Punches it's an anti air , 3 x Kicks is an anti ground move .
It 's performed like Guile 's original Ultra move in Street Fighter 4 , but you can hold the button and release it when you want the attack to come out .
Seth Killian told a player the Kick version can punish fireballs at full - screen 's distance , although you 'll still take damage from the fireball , they 'll take full damage from your Ultra . *
Horizontal ball flies closer to the ground , apparently someone swept Blanka out of it .- Chip ( block ) damage on old Ultra , Lightning Cannonball , has been reduced .
Cammy + New Ultra : C.Q.C ( Cammy Quick Combination ) .
Counter Ultra .
+ New Ultra : C.Q.C ( Cammy Quick Combination ) .
Counter Ultra .
Chun-Li + New Ultra : Kikosho .
Double quarter - circle forward + 3 x Punch .
This can be comboed into after landing the following : EX - Lightning Legs , Up Kicks and then dashing , air target juggle , after an EX - Spinning Bird Kick in the corner .
+ Crouching Medium
Kick is much better , was n't told how exactly .
+ EX - Lightning
Legs can score additional hits depending on how many kick inputs were pressed .
* Chun-Li's Ultra Lightning
Legs seem to be tweaked .
They appear to connect much more consistently from mid-screen , although some players reported problems landing them fully .
Your mileage may vary .
- EX - Spinning
Bird kick pushes your opponent further away after connecting and it has a smaller hit box as well .
- Her Standing Hard Kick is much slower .
- Crouching Light Kick 2x , Cancel into EX - Lightning Legs juggle with Ultra Lightning Legs seems to do less damage now .
Less than 40 % from level 1 .
+ New Ultra : Kikosho .
Double quarter - circle forward + 3 x Punch .
This can be comboed into after landing the following : EX - Lightning Legs , Up Kicks and then dashing , air target juggle , after an EX - Spinning Bird Kick in the corner .+
Crouching Medium
Kick is much better , was n't told how exactly .+
EX - Lightning
Legs can score additional hits depending on how many kick inputs were pressed .*
Chun -Li's Ultra Lightning
Legs seem to be tweaked .
They appear to connect much more consistently from mid-screen , although some players reported problems landing them fully .
Your mileage may vary .- EX - Spinning
Bird kick pushes your opponent further away after connecting and it has a smaller hit box as well . -
Her Standing Hard Kick is much slower .- Crouching Light Kick 2x , Cancel into EX - Lightning Legs juggle with Ultra Lightning Legs seems to do less damage now .
Less than 40 % from level 1 .
C. Viper + New Ultra : Burning Dance , good damage on this .
+ New Ultra : Burning Dance , good damage on this .
Dan + New Ultra : Haoh Gadoken .
Double fireball +
3 x Kicks .
Dan 's winds up and unleashes a gigantic fireball into his opponent , which is safe on block .
+ New Ultra : Haoh Gadoken .
Double fireball +
3 x Kicks .
Dan 's winds up and unleashes a gigantic fireball into his opponent , which is safe on block .
Dhalsim + New Ultra : Yoga Shangri -La .
Can only be used in the air , makes it a big threat when coupled with his air teleport .
+ New Ultra : Yoga Shangri -La .
Can only be used in the air , makes it a big threat when coupled with his air teleport .
El Fuerte + New Ultra : El Fuerte Ultra Spark .
+ New Ultra : El Fuerte Ultra Spark .
E. Honda + New Ultra : Orochi Breaker .
Likely a 720 motion + 3 x Punch , command grab .
He does an Oicho Throw ending with a huge butt splash , damage on this is good , but seems to be a bit easy to counter right now .
+ New Ultra : Orochi Breaker .
Likely a 720 motion + 3 x Punch , command grab .
He does an Oicho Throw ending with a huge butt splash , damage on this is good , but seems to be a bit easy to counter right now .
Fei Long + New Ultra : Gekirinken ( One Inch Punch ) .
This is a counter hit attack .
Command is a double quarter - circle forward +
3 x Kick .
+ EX - Chicken Wing ( Flying Kick ) may have more invincibility .
+ New Ultra : Gekirinken ( One Inch Punch ) .
This is a counter hit attack .
Command is a double quarter - circle forward + 3 x Kick .+ EX - Chicken Wing ( Flying Kick ) may have more invincibility .
Ken + New Ultra : Guren Senpukyaku .
A series of kicks from Ken , this can absorb one fireball and still travel through to hit your opponent .
+ His dashes look to be faster .
+ Ken 's sweep ( Crouching Hard Kick ) might be faster .
+ New Ultra : Guren Senpukyaku .
A series of kicks from Ken , this can absorb one fireball and still travel through to hit your opponent .+
His dashes look to be faster .+
Ken 's sweep ( Crouching Hard Kick ) might be faster .
Gen +
Jumping while in Mantis ( Punch ) Stance goes up much higher now .
+ EX - Wall Dive ( Oga ) is no longer safe on wake up .
+ Wall Dive ( Oga ) is a lot faster now , not as good of a hit box though .
For comparison 's sake , it 's little slower than Adon 's Jaguar Tooth ( Wall Dive Kick ) .
+ Gen has Chain combos now .
Not as easy as Guy 's though .
Crouching Light Punch , Chain into Crouching Medium Punch , Cancel into Rapid Slap works .
+ Rapid Slap ( Hands ) seem to require less inputs to activate now .
Might be 3 or 4 instead of 5 button presses .
+ Gen has four Ultra moves , with the two new Ultras being the Shitenketsu and Teiga .
- Crane Stance ( Kick ) Crouching Medium Punch seems slower .
* Air Kicks ( Gekiro ) hit your opponent up at different angles now .
+ Jumping while in Mantis ( Punch ) Stance goes up much higher now .+
EX - Wall Dive ( Oga ) is no longer safe on wake up .+
Wall Dive ( Oga ) is a lot faster now , not as good of a hit box though .
For comparison 's sake , it 's little slower than Adon 's Jaguar Tooth ( Wall Dive Kick ) .+
Gen has Chain combos now .
Not as easy as Guy 's though .
Crouching Light Punch , Chain into Crouching Medium Punch , Cancel into Rapid Slap works .+
Rapid Slap ( Hands ) seem to require less inputs to activate now .
Might be 3 or 4 instead of 5 button presses .+
Gen has four Ultra moves , with the two new Ultras being the Shitenketsu and Teiga . - Crane Stance ( Kick ) Crouching Medium Punch seems slower .*
Air Kicks ( Gekiro ) hit your opponent up at different angles now .
Gouken + New Ultra : Denjin Hadoken .
This can be charged up so it 's unblockable like Ryu's Denjin Hadoken in Third Strike .
If you do n't charge it up , it 's blockable though .
+ New Ultra : Denjin Hadoken .
This can be charged up so it 's unblockable like Ryu's Denjin Hadoken in Third Strike .
If you do n't charge it up , it 's blockable though .
Guile +
Hard Flash Kick has more forward range .
+ Seems to be a bit more powerful , i.e. some moves take off more damage now .
+ New Ultra : Sonic Hurricane .
Has a bit of start up time , but seems like it will be a pretty good Ultra .
+ Hard Flash Kick has more forward range .+
Seems to be a bit more powerful , i.e. some moves take off more damage now .+
New Ultra : Sonic Hurricane .
Has a bit of start up time , but seems like it will be a pretty good Ultra .
M. Bison ( Dictator ) + New Ultra : Psycho Punisher .
Some people compared this to Abel 's Ultra in the first Street Fighter 4 game .
It activates with the Head Stomp animation .
+ New Ultra : Psycho Punisher .
Some people compared this to Abel 's Ultra in the first Street Fighter 4 game .
It activates with the Head Stomp animation .
Rose + Hard Punch Soul Reflect , FADC , Soul
Throw now combos .
+ New Ultra : Soul Satellite .
Makes two orbs spin around her body which you can use to hit your opponent .
+ Hard Punch Soul Reflect , FADC , Soul Throw now combos .+
New Ultra : Soul Satellite .
Makes two orbs spin around her body which you can use to hit your opponent .
Rufus + New Ultra : Big Bang Typhoon .
Primarily anti air / anti crossover move .
Not as easy to combo into as his original Ultra though .
- EX - Snake Strike 's damage has been reduced .
+ New Ultra : Big Bang Typhoon .
Primarily anti air / anti crossover move .
Not as easy to combo into as his original Ultra though . - EX - Snake Strike 's damage has been reduced .
Ryu * Hard Punch Shoryuken hits twice at close range , but only the second hit knocks down .
+ New Ultra : Metsu Shoryuken .
Very , very good damage on this one — if you fully connect with it .
If you miss the first couple of attacks , the damage is reduced significantly .
* Hard Punch Shoryuken hits twice at close range , but only the second hit knocks down .+
New Ultra : Metsu Shoryuken .
Very , very good damage on this one — if you fully connect with it .
If you miss the first couple of attacks , the damage is reduced significantly .
Sagat - Stamina was decreased .
It appears to be dropped from 1100 to 1000 .
- Tiger Uppercut damage was reduced .
+ Has new evasion move .
It takes an EX bar to execute , but supposedly lets Sagat dodge some attacks and it powers up his Tiger Uppercut .
+ New Ultra : Tiger Cannon .
A multihitting Tiger Shot .
+ Standing Light Kick now hits twice .
- Stamina was decreased .
It appears to be dropped from 1100 to 1000 . - Tiger Uppercut damage was reduced .+
Has new evasion move .
It takes an EX bar to execute , but supposedly lets Sagat dodge some attacks and it powers up his Tiger Uppercut .+
New Ultra : Tiger Cannon .
A multihitting Tiger Shot .+ Standing Light Kick now hits twice .
Sakura +
Her fireball does not fade out now .
+ Jumping Medium Kick crosses up .
+ New Ultra : Shinku Hadoken .
This can be a horizontal fireball , or aimed upwards as anti air .
+ Her fireball does not fade out now .+
Jumping Medium Kick crosses up .+ New Ultra : Shinku Hadoken .
This can be a horizontal fireball , or aimed upwards as anti air .
Seth + New Ultra : Tanden Typhoon .
+ New Ultra : Tanden Typhoon .
Vega ( Claw ) + Vega's Down - Towards + Medium Kick is an overhead attack .
+ New Ultra : Splendid Claw .
He performs a slide attack and then does a series of moves ending with a vicious looking upwards slash .
You should be able to combo into this .
+ Startup time on his Rolling Crystal Flash has been decreased .
+ Vega's Down - Towards + Medium Kick is an overhead attack .+
New Ultra : Splendid Claw .
He performs a slide attack and then does a series of moves ending with a vicious looking upwards slash .
You should be able to combo into this .+
Startup time on his Rolling Crystal Flash has been decreased .
Patients with some conditions need to cross into Israel for treatment The blockade of the Gaza Strip is putting residents ' health at risk , the UN and aid groups have warned .
Medical facilities and equipment are in disrepair , many damaged in Israel 's military operation a year ago have not been rebuilt , they said .
Some 27 patients died last year waiting to be referred out of Gaza , they said .
Israel and Egypt deny entry to all but basic humanitarian supplies , in order to prevent Gaza 's Hamas rulers firing rockets at Israel , they say .
UN agencies and the Association for International Development Agencies ( AIDA ) , which represents more than 80 humanitarian organisations , said the Israeli restrictions were " undermining the functioning of the health care system and putting at risk the health of 1.4 million people in Gaza " .
Guide : Gaza under blockade Max Gaylard , the UN 's humanitarian coordinator in Gaza , said the blockade was hampering the provision of medical supplies and the training of health staff .
He said it was also " preventing patients with serious medical conditions getting timely specialised treatment outside Gaza " .
Some treatments , such as complex heart surgery and treatment for certain types of cancer , are unavailable in Gaza .
The agencies highlighted the case of 19 - year - old Fidaa Talal Hijjy , who they say died while awaiting permission to leave Gaza for a bone marrow transplant she needed to treat Hodgkin 's disease .
They said she had applied for permission three times to attend appointments at hospitals in Israel , but each time the Israeli authorities failed to respond in time and she missed the appointment .
Her request was approved the day after she died , on 11 November .
The World Health Organization says 88 people have died while waiting for permits since November 2007 .
On average 20 % of essential drugs were out of stock in Gaza between March and November 2009 , according to WHO figures .
Israel allows most medicines into Gaza , but there have been problems with the supply chain .
Most Gazans are not allowed to leave the territory , and the agencies also said medical staff had generally been unable to travel out of Gaza to update their expertise .
Fifteen hospitals and 43 clinics were damaged or destroyed in Israel 's operation in Gaza a year ago and most had not been rebuilt because constructions materials have not been allowed in , the agencies said .
The Israeli authorities are yet to respond to the aid agencies ' statement .
However , in the past Israel has said extensive security screening is necessary for patients who wish to leave , as three people with permits to leave for medical reasons have been found to be planning attacks in Israel .
It has also said it has offered to facilitate passage through Israel to Jordan for Gazan patients it refuses permits to on security grounds .
Israel said the 22 - day military operation , which began on 27 December 2008 , was aimed at halting rocket fire by Palestinian militants into Israel .
It says the almost total ban on construction materials such as cement entering Gaza is because they may be used for building rockets , launch pads or weapons smuggling tunnels .
Israel tightened its blockade of the Gaza Strip in June 2007 , after Hamas forced out the forces of its more secular rival Fatah , which the Islamic movement had beaten in elections the previous year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A new experiment that reproduces the magnetic fields of the Earth and other planets has yielded its first significant results .
The findings confirm that its unique approach has some potential to be developed as a new way of creating a power - producing plant based on nuclear fusion — the process that generates the sun ’s prodigious output of energy .
Fusion has been a cherished goal of physicists and energy researchers for more than 50 years .
That ’s because it offers the possibility of nearly endless supplies of energy with no carbon emissions and far less radioactive waste than that produced by today ’s nuclear plants , which are based on fission , the splitting of atoms ( the opposite of fusion , which involves fusing two atoms together ) .
But developing a fusion reactor that produces a net output of energy has proved to be more challenging than initially thought .
The new results come from an experimental fusion reactor at the Plasma Science and Fusion Center on the MIT campus , inspired by observations from space made by satellites .
Called the Levitated Dipole Experiment , or LDX , a joint project of MIT and Columbia University , it uses a half - ton donut - shaped magnet about the size and shape of a large truck tire , made of superconducting wire coiled inside a stainless steel vessel .
This magnet is suspended by a powerful electromagnetic field , and is used to control the motion of the 10 - million - degree - hot electrically charged gas , or plasma , contained within its 16 - foot - diameter outer chamber .
The results , published this week in the journal Nature Physics , confirm the counter - intuitive prediction that inside the device ’s magnetic chamber , random turbulence causes the plasma to become more densely concentrated — a crucial step to getting atoms to fuse together — instead of becoming more spread out , as usually happens with turbulence .
This “ turbulent pinching ” of the plasma has been observed in the way plasmas in space interact with the Earth ’s and Jupiter ’s magnetic fields , but has never before been recreated in the laboratory .
Most experiments in fusion around the world use one of two methods : tokamaks , which use a collection of coiled magnets surrounding a donut - shaped chamber to confine the plasma , or inertial fusion , using high - powered lasers to blast a tiny pellet of fuel at the device ’s center .
But LDX takes a different approach .
“ It ’s the first experiment of its kind , ” says MIT senior scientist Jay Kesner , MIT ’s physics research group leader for LDX , who co-directs the project with Michael E. Mauel , professor of applied physics at Columbia University 's Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science .
The results of the experiment show that this approach “ could produce an alternative path to fusion , ” Kesner says , though more research will be needed to determine whether it would be practical .
For example , though the researchers have measured the plasma ’s high density , new equipment still needs to be installed to measure its temperature , and ultimately a much larger version would have to be built and tested .
A new approach to a tough problem
Kesner cautions that the kind of fuel cycle planned for other types of fusion reactors such as tokamaks , which use a mixture of two forms of “ heavy ” hydrogen called deuterium and tritium , should be easier to achieve and will likely be the first to go into operation .
The deuterium - deuterium fusion planned for devices based on the LDX design , if they ever become practical , would likely make this “ a second - generation approach , ” he says .
When operating , the huge LDX magnet is supported by the magnetic field from an electromagnet overhead , which is controlled continuously by a computer based on precision monitoring of its position using eight laser beams and detectors .
The position of the half - ton magnet , which carries a current of one million amperes ( compared to a typical home ’s total capacity of 200 amperes ) can be maintained this way to within half a millimeter .
A cone - shaped support with springs is positioned under the magnet to catch it safely if anything goes wrong with the control system .
Levitation is crucial because the magnetic field used to confine the plasma would be disturbed by any objects in its way , such as any supports used to hold the magnet in place .
In the experimental runs , they recreated the same conditions with and without the support system in place , and confirmed that the confinement of the plasma was dramatically increased in the levitated mode , with the supports removed .
With the magnet levitated , the central peak of plasma density developed within a few hundredths of a second , and closely resembled those observed in planetary magnetospheres ( such as the magnetic fields surrounding Earth and Jupiter ) .
Summarizing the difference between the two approaches , Kesner explains that in a tokamak , the hot plasma is confined inside a huge magnet , but in the LDX the magnet is inside the plasma .
The whole concept , he says , was inspired by observations of planetary magnetospheres made by interplanetary spacecraft .
In turn , he says , for planetary research the experiments in LDX can yield “ a lot more subtle detail than you can get by launching satellites , and more cheaply . ”
The work ahead
The MIT and Columbia scientists say that if the turbulence - induced density enhancement exhibited by the LDX could be scaled up to larger devices , it might enable them to recreate the conditions necessary to sustain fusion reactions , and thus may point the way toward abundant and sustainable production of fusion energy .
“ Fusion energy could provide a long - term solution to the planet ’s energy needs without contributing to global warming , ” says Columbia ’s Mauel .
The LDX project , led by Mauel and Kesner and funded by the U.S. Department of Energy , has been through more than 10 years of design , construction and testing , and produced its first experimental results in its levitated configuration last year , which are being reported in the analysis published this week .
A newly installed microwave interferometer array , developed by MIT graduate student Alex Boxer PhD ‘ 09 , was used to make the precision measurements of the plasma concentrations that were used to observe the turbulent pinch .
“ LDX is one of the most novel fusion plasma physics experiments underway today , ” says Stewart Prager , director of the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory .
Because of the unique geometry of the system , he says , “ theoretical predictions indicate that the confinement of energy might be very favorable ” for producing practical fusion power , but the theory needs to be confirmed in practice .
“ For these benefits to be realized , the somewhat bold theoretical predictions must be realized experimentally , ” he says .
In the Editorial “ Ten Simple Rules for Doing Your Best Research , According to Hamming ” [ 1 ] , Erren and colleagues discussed ten ideas originally presented by Hamming for how to do great science .
I am grateful that the authors started this discussion .
Scientific careers are very challenging , and there is a lack of training in many graduate programs to provide this kind of career meta-advice .
Such discussions are a good starting point , and young scientists should take them seriously .
In the vein of promoting further debate and discussion , I provide here a different and perhaps deeper look at what makes a successful scientist .
While I can't claim to have the reputation of Hamming , I grew up in a family of well - known scientists , and have had plenty of chances to observe the trajectories of scientific careers over my lifetime .
Based on that experience , I propose the following as a somewhat distinct set of guidelines for doing the best research :
1 . Do n't worry about age , worry about being exposed to new ideas .
While it appears that age plays a role in scientific creativity , it has not been well examined whether that role is biologically causative .
There are many social changes that usually occur as anyone ages , which may play a greater role than biology does in the age - related creativity decline .
Older scientists usually become boxed into their fields of expertise , and come to be seen as “ experts . ”
As such , they are less likely to have their ideas directly challenged by others , and less likely to be exposed to radically new ideas or different fields .
I have seen many anecdotal references to Einstein 's creative powers reducing as he aged , as his best work was done in his 20s .
But this ignores a major factor : during his creative years , he was a patent clerk who was seen as a “ nobody , ” whereas in his later years he was an eminent professor .
Being a nobody has certain creative advantages — for one , there is not much to lose by promoting radical new ideas , because one has no reputation or established career at stake .
Also , one is not expected to follow the “ party line , ” regardless of the latest scientific fashion that happens to be in vogue .
Promoting new ideas can often be a minefield for one 's career , since there is usually a long period of violent resistance to new ideas .
Barry Marshall had to drink a culture of H. pylori to give himself an ulcer , in order to overcome resistance to the idea that this organism caused ulcers [ 2 ] .
Now , more than 20 years later , he and co-discoverer Robin Warren have the Nobel Prize , and the role of H. pylori in ulcers is widely accepted .
In today 's competitive grant world , this phenomenon is exacerbated .
It is dangerous to one 's funding to go against the trend , and if there is a lab to support and mouths to feed , the disincentives are great .
This phenomenon stifles creativity , perhaps far more than biological age does .
If one is therefore concerned about retaining scientific creativity , perhaps the best solution is to force exposure to new ideas , concepts , and people .
Hamming also discussed the importance of this kind of exposure by “ keeping your door open ” [ 3 ] .
I think that more than just keeping one 's door open , a more direct way of doing this is to become involved in entirely new fields from time to time , which tends to promote creative thinking outside established dogma .
So , do n't worry about your age , worry about whether you are continuing to expose yourself to new and challenging ideas .
2. Tinker .
While it is not frequently acknowledged either in the popular press or in scientific literature , a significant fraction of scientific discovery is the result of serendipity ( or to put it more bluntly , luck ) .
From the discovery of penicillin by Fleming to the discovery of new ionization techniques such as MALDI that power modern mass - spectrometry based proteomic research , luck has frequently played a big role .
Such discoveries are generally attributed to hard work and genius , rather than to luck .
Doing so gives the “ genius ” too much credit and luck too little .
Often the big discoveries come from someone noticing an inconsistency or oddity in their surroundings or experiments , then doggedly working to figure out what is causing it .
So perhaps being a great scientist is less about “ genius ” than it is about willingness to pursue the unusual at the expense of pursuing the usual .
This comes back to the argument about age : often , once one has become entrenched in a paradigm , blindness to inconsistencies grows , and so it takes someone from outside of a field to point those out and pursue them .
This should be encouraging news for those of us who do n't consider ourselves geniuses .
The best way to promote scientific success may be to maximize exposure to chance occurrence and events — especially those that have more upside than downside potential .
So , do n't just ignore those little inconsistencies that arise in your work , give them some room for consideration .
This is something anyone can do , though it takes time and courage ( see point 3 , below ) .
In addition , to be creative and remain open to fortuitous occurrences , the mind needs a rest from time to time .
One can be buried in the lab 20 hours a day , and easily become lost in the self - created world where the little oddities begin to escape notice .
Fleming discovered penicillin upon return from a long vacation , and his fresh mind may have contributed to the key observation he made on the effect of mold upon bacterial cultures .
So it is critical to balance hard work with other activities , particularly those that provide exposure to new and different challenges : travel , sports , hobbies , family , or whatever .
3 . Take risks .
Risk taking is where most of the big discoveries in science lie .
Recall Dr. Marshall and H. pylori : he was willing to swallow a culture of the bacterium to prove his theory .
And later , he shared the Nobel Prize for it .
It may not be wise to go around drinking random bacterial cultures in the hopes of discovering something new .
But it is important when something outside the current scientific fashion is discovered , to at least consider the risks and possible payoffs of pursuing it .
Those who do pursue such ideas may find it hard to get funding for them .
Others may say it is a bad idea .
People may reject papers , expressing vehement opposition to a new idea .
For really groundbreaking ideas , there may even be hecklers at talks !
But , as Hamming pointed out in his lecture : “ The great scientists , when an opportunity opens up , get after it and they pursue it ” [ 3 ] .
Pursuing new lines of inquiry can be very discouraging at times , but it is all part of the process any new idea goes through to transform from fringe to mainstream .
I recall one major experience I had with this .
Around 1996 , I came up with an idea for doing DNA sequencing reactions in a test tube in a way that is very much like pyrosequencing today .
After presenting it to a mentor and having it shot down , I gave up on it and went back to my “ safe ” work .
While that was not a great time to pursue a new line of work outside my graduate studies , perhaps I should not have given up so quickly , considering the importance of pyrosequencers now .
Risk taking may be a particular challenge for female scientists .
It seems that cultural norms discourage risk taking in young girls more so than in boys , and this can carry forward through to adulthood and into scientific careers .
The top female scientists I know of take risks in their work , but they seem to be a minority .
So it seems especially important for mentors of female students , postdocs , and young faculty , to provide encouragement in this regard .
This same issue may apply to other minorities in science as well .
4. Enjoy your work !
It is quite easy in today 's science to get caught up in the “ external rewards ” game , meaning : seeking praise , high profile publications , and honors or awards .
But these are transient and illusory rewards .
The prestigious prizes and high profile publications are often a lottery — in addition to some of the factors above , there is a lot of luck involved in who happens upon the “ really big ” discoveries .
One may or may not get lucky , and may or may not get recognition for that .
Sometimes recognition only comes after the prime of one 's career — John Fenn received the Nobel Prize at 85 years old .
That 's a long time to wait for reward if you 're just doing science for the sake of such rewards ( I doubt that was Fenn 's motivation for discovering electrospray ionization ) .
A different and much more gratifying way to pursue a career is to simply enjoy the work !
Do science for the sake of doing it .
This is as likely as anything to lead to big discoveries and fame .
But even if those things do n't happen , you are enjoying yourself , and life is too short not to do so .
5. Learn to say “ No ! ” .
Over the span of a career , one gets asked to do many non-science activities : serving on committees , grant reviews , paper reviews , and so on .
While it is important to contribute effort to these things to keep the system functioning , it is necessary to set a limit , so that they do n't take over the fun of doing science itself .
The system will not collapse just because one says “ no ” from time to time in order to preserve time to do science .
Learning to say “ no ” is particularly important for young faculty , who find themselves barraged with such requests , and who can easily get sucked into full - time committee duties .
It is wise to step back frequently and ask , “ overall , is this work I am doing fun ? ”
If the answer is no , perhaps it is time to revisit points 1 and 4 above , and consider diving into a new area .
6. Learn to enjoy the process of writing and presenting .
Note the distinction in this guideline from : “ learn to write and present well . ”
Many students I encounter dislike writing more than anything else they do .
As a result , when it comes time to write a paper , it is a struggle from start to finish , both for them and for those working with them .
When one does n't like doing something , procrastination is the most common response .
Procrastination and good writing do n't mix .
I say this even though I am someone who , as an undergraduate , would work all night on a term paper to turn it in at the last moment , and often receive an “ A ” .
But in the real world of scientific paper writing , that first draft just wo n't cut it .
It usually takes three or more significant rewritings and lots of input from others to get it right .
Combine that with procrastination and it's a recipe for not getting a good paper out in a timely fashion , or perhaps not at all .
So the key is to figure out how to enjoy the writing process , thereby encouraging oneself to avoid procrastination .
There is no one formula that works for everyone — some people need utter peace and quiet for their writing .
Others prefer writing at a coffee shop , or to have music playing .
The thing is to figure out what works , and to stick with it , training oneself to have positive mental associations with writing .
Robert Boice , in his book Advice for New Faculty Members , suggests the key is to do a little bit of writing every day [ 4 ] .
The goal is simply get the ideas on the page , without worrying about their form at the beginning .
By doing this a little bit every day — perhaps only 30 – 60 minutes — it is amazing how quickly and enjoyably a big writing project can take shape through a process of gradual evolution .
This often takes significant retraining , however .
Many of us begin with the notion that writing should come in sudden bursts of dramatic creation .
This message is conveyed frequently in movies that portray an author writing a novel in a sudden last minute rush , and it is reinforced in high school and college by many of us learning to get away with writing papers at the last minute ( and still doing well ) .
Reprogramming that unrealistic expectation out of one 's head is therefore a key to learning to enjoy writing .
The same principle applies to giving a good presentation : enjoy its making and giving .
Forget everything you ever learned about giving dry , stuffy presentations ( i.e. , all those things in the document How to Make a Scientific Lecture Unbearable ) [ 5 ] .
While it is critical to have good science in your talk , it is equally critical to bring that science to life for the audience .
That is nigh impossible if you are scared to death of being in front of the audience , or if you are completely bored by your subject matter .
If you are bored , the audience will surely be bored , and you might as well not have wasted their time — or your own .
The last thing a reader or talk attendee wants to see is a bunch of data just to prove that you did some work .
It is much more interesting to tell a story .
The story begins with why you started the work in the first place ( the big reasons , not just “ because my advisor told me to ” ) , it usually has mystery and intrigue ( e.g. , dead ends , which are worth reporting only if they helped lead you to the final answer ) , and some kind of dramatic conclusion ( which challenges the audience to think about things in a new way ) .
This may seem like overstatement , but having sat through many extraordinarily dry , boring scientific talks ( and having read many dry papers ) , I find that the ones that stand out are those that have such elements .
If there is a lack of enthusiasm for the work you are doing , that may be a sign that it 's the wrong work for you to be doing .
It can be a fun challenge to figure out who your audience is and what they will respond to .
For example , when I was a postdoctoral researcher , I once gave a group meeting presentation accompanied by sound effects borrowed from Monty Python .
We all had a good laugh , and I still managed to convey some science , too .
But I would never do this at a scientific conference .
Yet at a conference with a series of 15 minute talks , it is still possible to give a presentation that stands out — by enjoying its making and giving , and fine - tuning it for that audience .
Elements such as presenting clear , understandable slides , and providing adequate introduction and background to the audience are very important .
But it is most important to discuss subject matter that you have enthusiasm about .
Once one has learned to enjoy writing and presenting , it is very likely that writing well and presenting well will follow , since it is more difficult to do a truly poor job of something one enjoys doing .
Funtoo boot - update provides a unified mechanism for configuring the GRUB 1.9x ( sys - boot / grub ) and GRUB 0.97 ( sys - boot / grub - legacy ) boot loaders .
It is the recommended , official way to configure Funtoo Linux systems for booting .
Current Version
sys - boot / boot - update
Man Pages
Consult the following man pages for detailed , up - to - date information on configuration file settings and command - line arguments :
boot - update ( 8 )
boot.conf(5 )
Installing a Bootloader
These install instructions show you how to use GRUB to boot using BIOS ( old - school ) or UEFI ( new - school ) .
As of boot - update - 1.7.2 , now in Portage , the steps are very similar .
First , emerge boot - update .
This will also cause grub - 2 and efibootmgr to be merged , since they are dependencies :
( chroot ) # emerge boot - update
Then , edit /etc / boot.conf using nano and specify " Funtoo Linux genkernel " as the default setting at the top of the file , replacing " Funtoo Linux " .
/etc/boot.conf should now look like this :
/etc/boot.conf boot { generate grub default " Funtoo Linux genkernel " timeout 3 } " Funtoo Linux " { kernel bzImage [ - v ] } " Funtoo Linux genkernel " { kernel kernel [ - v ] initrd initramfs [ - v ] params += real_root=auto } " Funtoo Linux better - initramfs " { kernel vmlinuz [ - v ] initrd /initramfs.cpio.gz }
If you are booting a custom or non -default kernel , please read man boot .conf for information on the various options available to you .
Old School ( BIOS ) MBR
When using " old school " BIOS booting , run the following command to install GRUB to your MBR , and generate the / boot / grub / grub.cfg configuration file that GRUB will use for booting :
( chroot ) # grub- install -- target=i386 - pc -- no- floppy / dev/sda ( chroot ) # boot - update
New School ( UEFI ) Boot Entry
If you 're using " new school " UEFI booting , run of the following sets of commands , depending on whether you are installing a 64 - bit or 32 - bit system .
This will add GRUB as a UEFI boot entry .
For x86-64bit systems :
( chroot ) # grub- install -- target=x86_64-efi --efi-directory=/boot -- bootloader-id= " Funtoo Linux [ GRUB ] " -- recheck / dev/sda ( chroot ) # boot - update
For x86-32 bit systems :
( chroot ) # grub- install -- target=i386-efi --efi-directory=/boot -- bootloader-id= " Funtoo Linux [ GRUB ] " -- recheck / dev/sda ( chroot ) # boot - update
First Boot , and in the future ...
OK -- you are ready to boot !
You only need to run grub - install when you first install Funtoo Linux , but you need to re-run boot - update every time you modify your /etc / boot .
conf file or add new kernels to your system .
This will regenerate / boot / grub / grub.cfg so that you will have new kernels available in your GRUB boot menu , the next time you reboot .
GRUB 0.97 ( grub - legacy ) Quick Start
If using sys - boot / grub - legacy - 0.97 , perform the following steps :
Partition disk using MBR partitions ( GPT not supported )
Install kernel / initrd to / boot
root # emerge sys- boot / boot - update root # emerge " >=sys-boot/grub-legacy - 0.97 - r11 " root # grub- install - legacy / dev/sda
Due to an issue with grub - legacy , you may see the following message :
root # grub - install - legacy / dev/sda
The file / boot / grub - legacy / stage1 not read correctly .
Should you receive this message , you will have to install grub - legacy from the grub shell .
Assuming / boot is the partition / dev/sda1 and you want to install grub to the MBR , you would run the following :
root # grub - legacy root ( hd0,0 ) setup ( hd0 ) quit
When adjusting to fit your setup , remember ' root ' is the location of your boot partition , ' setup ' is where you want to install grub , and do n't forget about grub 's unique naming conventions for hard drives / partitions .
For more information run :
root # info grub - legacy
Ensure that /etc / fstab is correct , and edit /etc / boot.conf to reflect your installation .
Ensure a generate grub - legacy setting in the boot section .
Then run :
root # boot - update
This will auto - generate the / boot / grub - legacy / grub.conf required for booting .
Note that grub - legacy - 0.97 - r11 and later stores grub.conf in the / boot / grub - legacy directory .
Re-run boot - update every time your available kernels / initrds or /etc / boot.conf configuration changes .
Beijing , China ( CNN ) -- Li Jingchao learned the hard way -- be careful what you stick up your nose .
The 14 - month - old boy was playing with chopsticks when , his doctor says , he fell and one of the sticks pierced his nose .
" It touched upon the deep area of his brain , four centimeters of the chopstick was inside his skull , " Dr. Sun Wei told CNN .
Jingchao's mother , Zhao Guilu did n't see what happened -- she was in another room at the time , but came running when she heard her son crying .
" I was washing dishes .
I rushed in and saw him lying on the ground .
He could n't stop crying and I noticed a chopstick stuck in his nose . "
She went to a local clinic , but doctors there warned her it was too dangerous to try to remove the chopstick because it may cause massive bleeding .
Zhao was frantic and called her husband .
A relative offered to drive them from their small village , hundreds of miles to a hospital in Beijing .
" I thought at that time , it is all over , my boy will die , " said his father Li Guanglai .
" During the 10 hours of driving I felt depressed .
I could barely breathe .
I looked at my boy and his right side was numb .
He was paralyzed . "
Neurosurgeons , including Sun prepped for surgery but they feared removing the chopstick would rupture an artery .
The little boy 's head was shaved and they were ready to open his skull to control the bleeding if necessary .
But when they pulled the chopstick out -- nothing .
It simply came straight out , much easier it seems than how it went in .
" I never thought it would be this successful . " said his dad .
" I would say this hospital gave him a second life . "
Doctors said if the chopstick had gone any further in it would have caused life threatening bleeding and if it was a little more to either side the boy may have been permanently paralyzed .
" The position of the chopstick was very , very lucky for him , " Sun said .
All over Hanoi you 'll find phone numbers stencilled on the walls of houses .
It 's the only kind of graffiti you 'll see here and it makes the city look like one giant Robert Rauschenberg painting .
The numbers are advertisements for local handymen - the guy who will fix your washing mashine , unclog your drain or repair your motorbike .
But these phone numbers were a thorn in the eye of the authorities , so they wanted to get rid of them .
As one Hanoi resident told me , the authorities cleverly decreed : every phone number that is advertised this way will be disconnected .
Unfortunately , the Hanoi handymen were even cleverer : they started putting up the numbers of their competitors in the hope of driving them out of business that way .
The Hanoi officials have meanwhile given in and given up ...
The Balibo five were Malcolm Rennie , Greg Shackleton , Gary Cunningham , Brian Peters and Tony Stewart
Indonesia has banned the film Balibo , which depicts the deaths of six foreign journalists in East Timor , the head of the foreign correspondents club said .
The club cancelled a screening of the film on legal advice that they could face charges .
The journalists died as Indonesian troops invaded East Timor in 1975 .
Jakarta maintains they were killed accidentally in cross -fire .
But an Australian coroner found in 2007 that the journalists had been executed .
The journalists - two Australians , two Britons and a New Zealander - were killed in the border town of Balibo as Indonesian forces entered East Timor .
A sixth Australian journalist was killed in Dili shortly after when Indonesian troops entered the city .
Successive Australian governments have accepted the Indonesian stance but Australian police announced earlier this year they were opening a war crimes inquiry into the deaths .
Balibo depicts the journalists , working for Australian TV networks , being brutally murdered by Indonesian troops as they attempt to surrender .
Diplomatic fears
The head of the Jakarta Foreign Correspondents Club ( JFCC ) told an audience gathered for a private screening on Tuesday night that Indonesia 's Film Censorship Agency had banned the movie .
" I have n't received anything official but after consulting with our legal advisers , we decided it would be too risky because , while this is a private screening , it would be in a public place thus violating the law , " said JFCC president Jason Tedjasukmana .
Organisers for the Jakarta International Film Festival ( Jiffest ) said they had also cancelled their planned screenings of the film .
" They told us that we cannot show the movie , " said Jiffest manager Nauval Yazid .
" The reason was not really clear .
It is likely because of concerns that it will affect relations with East Timor and Australia . "
Indonesian military figures welcomed the ban .
" It will only hurt many Indonesians , " military spokesman Rear Marshal Sagom Tamboen told the Jakarta Post .
" The movie will only do irreparable damage to the ties between Indonesia , Timor Leste [ East Timor ] and Australia . "
Indonesia invaded East Timor after the territory descended into civil war following the end of Portuguese colonial rule .
At least 100,000 people are believed to have died as a result of Indonesia 's 25 - year occupation .
East Timor achieved formal independence in 2002 .
Charming Python
Easy Web data collection with mechanize and Beautiful Soup
Python tools make it easy to extract and organize Web site data
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Charming Python Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Charming Python Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
Connect with David David is one of our most popular and prolific authors .
Browse all of David 's articles and tutorials on developerWorks .
Check out David 's profile and connect with him , other authors , and fellow readers in My developerWorks .
Writing scripts to interact with Web sites is possible with the basic Python modules , but you do n't want to if you do n't have to .
The modules urllib and urllib2 in Python 2.x , along with the unified urllib .* subpackages in Python 3.0 , do a passable job of fetching resources at the ends of URLs .
However , when you want to do any sort of moderately sophisticated interaction with the contents you find at a Web page , you really need the mechanize library ( see Related topics for a download link ) .
One of the big difficulties with automating Web scraping or other simulations of user interaction with Web sites is server use of cookies to track session progress .
Obviously , cookies are part of HTTP headers and are inherently visible when urllib opens resources .
Moreover , the standard modules Cookie ( http.cookie in Python 3 ) and cookielib ( http.cookiejar in Python 3 ) help in handling those headers at a higher level than raw text processing .
Even so , doing this handling at this level is more cumbersome than necessary .
The mechanize library takes this handling to a higher level of abstraction and lets your script — or your interactive Python shell — act very much like an actual Web browser .
Python 's mechanize is inspired by Perl 's WWW : Mechanize , which has a similar range of capabilities .
Of course , as a long - time Pythonista , I find mechanize more robust , which seems to follow the general pattern of the two languages .
A close friend of mechanize is the equally excellent library Beautiful Soup ( see Related topics for a download link ) .
This is a wonderful " sloppy parser " for the approximately valid HTML you often find in actual Web pages .
You do not need to use Beautiful Soup with mechanize , nor vice versa , but more often than not you will want to use the two tools together as you interact with the " actually existing Web . "
A real - life example
I have used mechanize in several programming projects .
The most recent was a project to gather a list of names matching some criteria from a popular Web site .
This site comes with some search facilities , but not with any official API for performing such searches .
While readers might be able to guess more specifically what I was doing , I will change specifics of the code I present to avoid giving too much information on either the scraped site or my client .
In general form , code very much like what I present will be common for similar tasks .
Tools to start with
In the process of actually developing Web scraping / analysis code , I find it invaluable to be able to peek at , poke , and prod the content of Web pages in an interactive way in order to figure out what actually occurs on related Web pages .
Usually , these are sets of pages within a site that are either dynamically generated from queries ( but thereby having consistent patterns ) or are pre-generated following fairly rigid templates .
One valuable way of doing this interactive experimentation is to use mechanize itself within a Python shell , particularly within an enhanced shell like IPython ( see Related topics for a link ) .
Doing exploration this way , you can request various linked resources , submit forms , maintain or manipulate site cookies , and so on , prior to writing your final script that performs the interaction you want in production .
However , I find that much of my experimental interaction with Web sites is better performed within an actual modern Web browser .
Seeing a page conveniently rendered gives a much quicker gestalt of what is going on with a given page or form .
The problem is that rendering a page alone only gives half the story , maybe less than half .
Having " page source " gets you slightly further .
To really understand what is behind a given Web page or a sequence of interactions with a Web server , I find more is needed .
To get at these guts , I usually use the Firebug ( see Related topics for a link ) or Web Developer plug-ins for Firefox ( or the built - in optional Develop menu in recent Safari versions , but that 's for a different audience ) .
All of these tools let you do things like reveal form fields , show passwords , examine the DOM of a page , peek at or run Javascript , watch Ajax traffic , and more .
Comparing the benefits and quirks of these tools is a whole other article , but do familiarize yourself with them if you do any Web - oriented programming .
Whatever specific tool you use to experiment with a Web site you intend to automate interaction with , you will probably spend many more hours figuring out what a site is actually doing than you will writing the amazingly compact mechanize code needed to perform your task .
The search result scraper
For the purposes of the project I mentioned above , I split my hundred - line script into two functions :
Retrieve all the results of interest to me
Pull out the information that interests me from those retrieved pages
I organized the script this way as a development convenience ; when I started the task , I knew I needed to figure out how to do each of those two things .
I had a sense that the information I wanted was on a general collection of pages , but I had not yet examined the specific layout of those pages .
By first retrieving a batch of pages and just saving them to disk , I could come back to the task of pulling out the information I cared about from those saved files .
Of course , if your task involves using that retrieved information to formulate new interactions within the same session , you will need to use a slightly different sequence of development steps .
So , first , let 's look at my fetch ( ) function :
Listing 1 . Fetching page contents
import sys , time , os from mechanize import Browser LOGIN_URL = ' http://www.example.com/login'
USERNAME = ' DavidMertz ' PASSWORD = ' The SpanishInquisition ' SEARCH_URL = ' http://www.example.com/search?'
FIXED_QUERY = ' food=spam& ' ' utensil=spork&' ' date=the_future& '
VARIABLE_QUERY = [ ' actor=%s ' % actor for actor in ( ' Graham Chapman ' , ' John Cleese ' , ' Terry Gilliam ' , ' Eric Idle ' , ' Terry Jones ' , ' Michael Palin ' ) ] def fetch ( ) : result_no = 0 # Number the output files br = Browser ( ) # Create a browser br.open( LOGIN_URL ) # Open the login page br.select_form ( name= " login " ) #
Find the login form br [ 'username ' ]
= USERNAME # Set the form values br [ ' password ' ] = PASSWORD resp = br.submit( ) # Submit the form # Automatic redirect sometimes fails , follow manually when needed if ' Redirecting ' in br.title ( ) : resp = br.follow_link ( text_regex='click here ') #
Loop through the searches , keeping fixed query parameters for actor in in VARIABLE_QUERY : # I like to watch what 's happening in the console print >> sys.stderr , '***' , actor # Lets do the actual query now br.open ( SEARCH_URL + FIXED_QUERY + actor ) #
The query actually gives us links to the content pages we like , # but there are some other links on the page that we ignore nice_links = [ l for l in br. links ( ) if ' good_path ' in l.url and ' credential ' in l.url ] if not nice_links : # Maybe the relevant results are empty break for link in nice_links : try : response = br.follow_link ( link ) #
More console reporting on title of followed link page print >> sys.stderr , br.title ( ) #
Increment output filenames , open and write the file result_no += 1 out = open ( result_%04d ' % result_no , 'w ' ) print >> out , response.read( ) out.close ( ) #
Nothing ever goes perfectly , ignore if we do not get page except mechanize._response.httperror_seek_wrapper : print >> sys.stderr , " Response error ( probably 404 ) " #
Let 's not hammer the site too much between fetches time .
sleep ( 1 )
Having done my interactive exploration of the site of interest , I find that queries I wish to perform have some fixed elements and some variable elements .
I just concatenate those together into a big GET request and take a look at the " results " page .
In turn , that list of results contains links to the resources I actually want .
So , I follow those ( with a couple of try / except blocks thrown in , in case something does not work along the way ) and save whatever I find on those content pages .
Pretty simple , huh ?
Mechanize can do more than this , but this short example shows you a broad brush of its capabilities .
Processing the results
At this point , we are done with mechanize ; all that is left is to make some sense of that big bunch of HTML files we saved during the fetch ( ) loop .
The batch nature of the process lets me separate these cleanly , but obviously in a different program , fetch ( ) and process ( ) might interact more closely .
Beautiful Soup makes the post - processing even easier than the initial fetch .
For this batch task , we want to produce tabular comma-separated value ( CSV ) data from some bits and pieces we find on those various Web pages we fetched .
Listing 2 . Making orderly data from odds and ends with Beautiful Soup
from glob import glob from BeautifulSoup import BeautifulSoup def process ( ) : print " !MOVIE , DIRECTOR , KEY_GRIP, THE_MOOSE " for fname in glob ( ' result _ * ' ) : #
Put that sloppy HTML into the soup soup = BeautifulSoup ( open ( fname ) ) #
Try to find the fields we want , but default to unknown values try : movie = soup. findAll ( ' span ' , {' class ' :' movie_title'} ) [ 1].contents [ 0 ] except IndexError : fname = " UNKNOWN " try : director = soup. findAll ( ' div ' , {'class ' :' director '} ) [ 1].contents [ 0 ] except IndexError : lname = " UNKNOWN " try : # Maybe multiple grips listed , key one should be in there grips = soup. find All ( 'p ' , {'id ' :' grip '} ) [ 0 ] grips = " " .join(grips.split( ) )
# Normalize extra spaces except IndexError : title = " UNKNOWN " try : # Hide some stuff in the HTML < meta > tags moose = soup. findAll ( ' meta ' , {' name ' :' shibboleth'} ) [ 0 ] [' content ' ] except IndexError : moose = " UNKNOWN " print ' " %s " , " %s " , " %s " , " %s " ' % ( movie , director , grips , moose )
The code here in process ( ) is an impressionistic first look at Beautiful Soup .
Readers should read its documentation to find more on the module details , but the general feel is well represented in this snippet .
Most soup code consists of some . findAll ( ) calls into a page that might be only approximately well - formed HTML .
Thrown in here are some DOM - like . parent , nextSibling , and previousSibling attributes .
These are akin to the " quirks " mode of Web browsers .
What we find in the soup is not quite a parse tree ; it is more like a sack full of the vegetables that might go in the soup ( to strain a metaphor ) .
Conclusion
Old fogies like me , and even some younger readers , will remember the great delight of scripting with TCL Expect ( or with its workalikes written in Python and many other languages ) .
Automating interaction with shells , including remote ones such as telnet , ftp , ssh , and the like , is relatively straightforward since everything is displayed in the session .
Web interaction is slightly more subtle in that information is divided between headers and bodies , and various dependent resources are often bundled together with href links , frames , Ajax , and so on .
In principle , however , you could just use a tool like wget to retrieve every byte a Web server might provide , and then run the very same style of Expect scripts as with other connection protocols .
In practice , few programmers are quite so committed to old - timey approaches as my suggested wget +
Expect approach .
Mechanize still has much of the same familiar and comforting feel as those nice Expect scripts , and is just as easy to write , if not easier .
The Browser ( ) object commands such as .select_form ( ) , .submit( ) , and .follow_link ( ) are really just the simplest and most obvious way of saying " look for this and send that " while bundling in all the niceness of sophisticated state and session handling that we would want in a Web automation framework .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Reddit Email 0 Shares
NTI : Global Security Newswire – Iran Not Committed to Building Nuclear Bomb , Pentagon Intel Chief Says
U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency Chief Lt. Gen. Ronald Burgess said , “ The bottom line assessments of the [ National Intelligence Estimate ] still hold true , ” Burgess said .
“ We have not seen indication that the government has made the decision to move ahead with the program . ”
Gen .
Burgess ’s views are even more sanguine than those of retired Israeli Brigadier - General Uzi Eilam , who puts an Iranian nuclear warhead at least 7 years out and calls current Israel officials who talk about an Iranian nuke within the year ‘ ridiculous , ’ asking “ where ’s the proof ? ’
Eilam is former director - general of Israel ’s Atomic Energy Commission .
The Times of London reports that Eilam considers the discourse on Iran in Israel ‘ hysterical ’ and says that it results from the country ’s military - industrial complex trying for a bigger budget or attempts by politicians to divert attention from domestic problems .
Bingo !
The US intelligence establishment can’t even see evidence for a nuclear weapon program at all , meaning that the time line is rather longer than 7 years .
Unfortunately , a lot of Burgess ’s colleagues , under political pressure , appear ready to cave to the hawks and Neocons on this issue in the next National Intelligence Estimate .
Laura Rozen says they will shift to saying Iran may be doing experiments with weapons implications , without saying there is a weapons program , but the military - media complex in the US and Israel will deliberately miss the distinction .
By the way , the assassination by bomb this week of Iranian particle physicist Massoud Ali Mohammadi looks more and more like retaliation against him by hard liners in the regime for his support of the Green protest movement .
He was not involved in the nuclear research program in Iran , and there was no obvious reason for an outside power to hit a mere college professor with such a huge bomb .
End / ( Not Continued )
Nathan Fillion has , in the space of seven years , risen to the status of a geek icon .
Beginning with his best - known role as Captain Mal Reynolds on Firefly , his work on several of Joss Whedon ’s projects has transformed the former soap opera actor into a huge draw for the geek crowd .
But there ’s a lot more to Fillion than tight pants and a pistol — and a heck of a lot more than a shirt with a picture of a hammer on it .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
For one thing , he loves to read .
He grew up with two English teachers for parents , and the love of books that they nurtured in him continues to inspire him today .
It was , significantly , that love of books that drove Fillion and his good friend , author PJ Haarsma , to found the organization Kids Need to Read .
Kids Need to Read is a charity that concentrates on fostering this same love of books in kids all over the United States by giving books to public libraries and schools , which are all too often woefully underfunded .
I recently had the privilege of speaking with Fillion and Haarsma about Kids Need to Read — about its mission , its methods , and its needs .
And of course I would n’t be a proper GeekDad if I had n’t seized the opportunity to talk with Fillion about certain topics unrelated to the organization but of great interest to the geek community .
We talked about Firefly , of course , and Dr. Horrible , but also Halo and Castle .
Haarsma has his geeky side , too , as the author of the Softwire series of young adult science fiction and creator of the online RPG based on it , Rings of Orbis .
Please take the opportunity to listen to the interview , and to check out Kids Need to Read .
Consider donating some money to them —
I know that encouraging kids to read does n’t seem as urgent as saving lives in Haiti , so if you ca n’t give now then give when you can , or buy something from their eBay store — or donate books instead .
If you know of a library or school that could benefit from Kids Need to Read , tell them about it .
Get the word out !
There are n’t many causes that are both socially conscious and geeky , so we geeks really need to promote the ones that are .
You can either download the MP3 of the interview directly or listen via the embedded player below .
Enjoy !
And a big “ Thank you ! ” to all the folks on Twitter and Facebook who offered great ideas for questions .
Fame and history can easily distort the true picture of a man .
The human side ( and sometimes the bad side ) of the famous dead can be forgotten which often contributes to the adulation that many receive .
This list looks at 10 very famous and very special people and shows us the normal side of their life .
10 Beady Eyed Ben
Benjamin Franklin ( 1706 - 1790 ) was labeled a security risk by the First Continental Congress , and required to go around Philadelphia , from September 5 to October 26 , 1774 , with a bodyguard of 3 armed soldiers “ surreptitiously dressed , ” so as not to arouse suspicions .
These men were n’t expected to protect Franklin from other citizens .
They were expected to protect the secrets of the Congress from getting out to the public via Franklin ’s loose lips .
The Congress , after all , met during the last months before the American Revolutionary War , and the British presence in the colonies was obvious , widespread , and completely intolerable .
Everyone on both sides knew it .
Franklin liked to frequent the bars around Philadelphia , and when he got to drinking , he got to talking to no one in particular .
His bodyguard later testified that he could be quite rowdy after about 10 ales .
9 Not Just a Saint
Saint Francis of Assisi ( c. 1181-1266 ) is the patron saint of Italy and animal welfare .
He famously preached a sermon to the birds .
There are all sorts of miraculous legends about him , including that he suffered four wounds of the stigmata ( only Jesus has ever suffered all five ) .
He travelled in his young days as a monk to convert Sultan al - Kamil – offering to be thrown into a fire to prove that God would protect him .
He once saved the city of Gubbio from a wolf that had been preying on the people and their cattle , by bringing the wolf into town and baptizing it .
The wolf never bothered anyone else again .
On his deathbed , so the legend goes , Francis thanked his donkey for carrying him all his life , and the donkey wept .
Saint Francis was not just a living saint – he was a very humble man .
He refused to become a priest and stayed a monk his whole life – the reason was that he did not think himself worthy – his order of monks was called the “ lesser brothers ” .
You know what St. Francis of Assisi ’s favorite food was ?
Fried chicken legs .
He also liked pig knuckles .
8 The Ol’ Tesla - Edison Feud
You ’ve probably heard of how much they hated each other .
It ’s been said that the only reason neither of them won a Nobel prize in physics is because they did everything within their considerable powers to destroy each other ’s reputations .
It would take too long to tell the whole backstory .
The feud finally turned seriously sour when Tesla invented alternating current , for the sole purpose of 1 - upping Edison ’s direct current .
DC is extremely inefficient , requiring a cable wider than the average human wrist to transmit enough power for one Manhattan block .
Thus , a lot of Manhattan blocks were reserved for these cables , all hooked up to huge power grids , just like telephone switchboards .
Tesla thought they were a horrible eyesore , and figured he could do better than “ that idiot tinkerer . ”
He went to his hotel room , did the math , drew up the designs , and in a matter of months , invented AC electricity .
The cords we use today in our household appliances are exactly the same width as those he used in his first applications .
AC caught on very quickly , and nearly bankrupted Edison , who fought back in a remarkably heartless , sociopathic manner .
He deliberately and publicly executed an elephant by AC electrocution .
He bought it from the Bronx Zoo , carted it out to a public park and called reporters to take note .
Just to prove how dangerous Tesla ’s inventions were .
One of those huge DC cables would have had insufficient to penetrate the elephant .
His reprisal did n’t work , but astoundingly , because elephants were not endangered at the time , and it was technically his property , he was merely fined for animal cruelty , a punishment he appealed unsuccessfully .
7 Man Did n’t Like Cats
Johannes Brahms ( 1833 -1897 ) , the great German composer and pianist , loathed cats .
His favorite pastime was sitting on a large windowsill of his living room with the window open , idly shooting a bow and arrow he made himself at passing stray cats .
He became quite skilled at it .
6 Difficulties of Teaching
I bet you do n’t know who to credit for this comment , “ The discipline of most of the students I am paid to teach is deplorable .
They claim to forget their assignments , when in truth , they simply refused to do them .
They do not want to learn , and I cannot instill that desire in them .
Our nation is doomed . ”
The answer : Aristotle ( 384-322 BC ) .
I guess history really does repeat .
5 A President not to Mess With
There ’s a line in the film Swordfish , that goes like this , “ Thomas Jefferson once shot a man on the White House lawn . ”
That is n’t true .
Can you believe Hollywood would lie ?!
What is true , is that Andrew Jackson did .
You ’d think the public would have known better than to insult him .
By the time he was President , he had been in 7 to 8 duels , which were common back then , and had several lead pistol balls in his chest to prove it .
He “ rattled like a bag of marbles ” and routinely coughed up blood .
He survived one assassination attempt by a deranged named Richard Lawrence , who tried to shoot him with two flintlock pistols , only to have both misfire , and then be disarmed by David Crockett himself , who pistol - whipped him into unconsciousness , but not before Jackson beat Lawrence with his cane .
They do n’t make politicians like that anymore .
The White House lawn incident occurred when an unidentified newspaper reporter , standing on an outdoor balcony of the White House , insulted the First Lady who happened to be walking by .
This was the most common cause for a duel at the time , but as President , Jackson did n’t need a duel .
He pulled out a pistol and shot the man through the chest , and he pitched over the balcony to the grass , dead .
4 Renaissance Man
Leon Battista Alberti ( 1408 - 1472 ) is not as well know today as the # 1 entry , but in his day , he was known as a “ Renaissance man . ”
He was employed as a painter , sculptor , architect , translator ( especially of Latin ) , writer , cryptographer , and he wrote the first official Italian grammar book .
Today , however , he ’s popularly known among athletes for a feat none of them could do if they had to , and if you ’ve seen the film “ Renaissance Man , ” with Danny DeVito , you ’ll remember that Alberti could stand with his feet together two feet in front of a six - foot man and spring clear over his head .
3 A Composer not to Mess With
Johann Sebastian Bach ( 1685 - 1750 ) almost killed a man in a streetfight .
The year was 1705 and bach was 20 years old and freshly employed as the organist at a church in Cothen , Germany .
For extra money on the side , he offered his service as a music tutor .
A particularly terrible bassoonist hired him , and after a few lessons , Bach gave up and told him the brutal truth , “ That thing sounds like a nanny goat when you play it . ”
The bassoonist was offended and promised that bach would regret saying that , and left .
That evening , as Bach was leaving church to walk home , he turned onto a narrow sidestreet , and was greeted by the bassoonist and two of his friends .
The bassoonist said something to the effect of “ Now who ’s the nanny goat ? ” and the three started for him .
Bach calmly unsheathed his rapier and said , “ Who wants to be first ? ”
The bassoonist ’s friends stopped , but he charged on anyway , and the two went at it .
The bassoonist ’s friends very quickly realized his error and broke up the fight .
The bassoonist had several holes poked through his clothes , but was not hurt , and he never bothered Bach again .
( This story has its variants , one interesting suggestion being that Bach could not have afforded a rapier , in which case unless someone gave him one , he probably pulled out a large dagger . )
2 The 84 Year Old Virgin
Yep , Sir Isaac Newton ( 1643-1727 ) never had sex .
There is little documentation in any of his biographies of a relationship with another woman , except for that of his mother , and that of his 8 year old niece .
Newton was blisteringly Protestant , and would not have considered sex without marriage first .
But he was too busy with mathematics , religion , and all - around mental stuff to bother mixing up with some woman .
1 An Inventor not to Mess With
Leonardo da Vinci ( 1452-1519 ) invented the sniper rifle .
That ’s a misnomer , really , since the barrel was n’t rifled inside .
But da Vinci understood the severe inaccuracy of all the firearms of the day .
Cannon did n’t have to be very accurate , but muskets did .
He may have invented the wheel - lock firing mechanism .
Ludovico Sforza , the Duke of Milan , employed da Vinci to invent “ war machines , ” and da Vinci did indeed sketch several machines , most notably a wooden , covered cannonade , the precursor to the tank .
He also sketched a particularly brutal scythed chariot , and there is one known sketch of a wheel - lock musket fitted with a telescope .
The telescopes of the day were refractors and not very powerful , which made them perfect for Earth - bound observations .
Da Vinci simply bolted one along the top of a musket barrel , making sure the two were precisely aligned , and then , according to documents of the Duke , demonstrated its effectiveness by personally sniping soldiers off the parapets of an enemy castle , from 1,000 yards .
There have been arguments over whether the documents were forged .
Da Vinci also invented scissors .
He bolted two knives together , to facilitate shearing cloth .
MILPITAS , Calif . 
Young people who were serious about table tennis used to have to make the trip to Beijing , Stockholm or Moscow to train with world - class coaches .
Now they go no farther than this Silicon Valley suburb .
“ I ’m trying to become one of the greatest players in the nation , ” Srivatsav Tangirala , 14 , said matter - of - factly between drills at the huge new table tennis facility here .
He and three dozen players , some as young as 5 , sprinted sideways along the edge of the tables , 45 times in a row , perfecting their footwork .
“ Lean forward , lean , lean , lean , lean ! " their coach implored .
This is the largest training program for youths in the country , run by the India Community Center in an area that is 60 percent Asian .
Here , Ping - Pong parents who grew up with the sport in Sichuan Province or Hyderabad are the new soccer moms and Little League dads .
One of 12 table tennis clubs in the area , up from 5 clubs in 1990 , the India Community Center ’s Ping - Pong facility was started last year with seed money from two Indian entrepreneurs and has already become an influential hatchery for Olympic hopefuls , most of whom banter in Hindi or Mandarin at home .
The Supreme Court has decreed that corporations are persons and money is speech , so it was only a matter of time before a company decided to exercise its Constitutional right to run for Congress .
Following the recent Supreme Court ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission to allow unlimited corporate funding of federal campaigns , Murray Hill Inc. today announced it is filing to run for U.S. Congress .
“ Until now , ” Murray Hill Inc. said in a statement , “ corporate interests had to rely on campaign contributions and influence - peddling to achieve their goals in Washington .
But thanks to an enlightened Supreme Court , now we can eliminate the middle - man and run for office ourselves . ”
Murray Hill Inc. is believed to be the first “ corporate person ” to exercise its constitutional right to run for office .
“ The strength of America , ” Murray Hill Inc. said , “ is in the boardrooms , country clubs and Lear jets of America ’s great corporations .
We ’re saying to Wal - Mart , AIG and Pfizer , if not you , who ?
If not now , when ? ” Murray Hill Inc. added : “ It ’s our democracy .
We bought it , we paid for it , and we ’re going to keep it . ” Murray Hill Inc. , a diversifying corporation in the Washington , D.C. area , has long held an interest in politics and sees corporate candidacy as an “ emerging new market . ”
The announcement represents a landmark moment in American politics , as former President George W. Bush ’s dream of an “ ownership society ” is finally realized .
Still , important questions remain for the candidate .
For instance :
How will Murray Hill go about modernizing the nation ’s antiquated system of “ elections . ”
Surely there ’s a more efficient way of generating broad consensus , and citizens shareholders will be looking to emerging politicorporate leaders to quickly craft best - of - breed solutions to maximize return and lower total cost of ownership going forward .
shareholders will be looking to emerging politicorporate leaders to quickly craft best - of - breed solutions to maximize return and lower total cost of ownership going forward .
Is it safe to assume that under - performing sectors of the country will be spun off or sold ?
( Specifically , it ’s anticipated that Nebraska , New Jersey , South Carolina and Texas will come in for much - needed scrutiny . )
What role will outsourcing play in bureaucratic reform ?
Certainly business units like Health & Human Services and Interior could be managed more cost - effectively in Bangalore .
Opposition to corporate / government merger and acquisition activity remains and buy - in will be needed from significant segments of the marketplace .
However , Murray Hill has so far presented no marketecture for how it will capture sufficient mindshare to ensure the campaign ’s success .
What strategies will be employed to insulate United States of America , Inc. against hostile takeovers by international competitors ?
What does the company see as its key differentiators with respect to competitors in the crowded “ governance ” space ?
It ’s still early in the game , of course , but investors will be anxiously awaiting as Murray Hill ’s brand group crafts a mission statement and works to socialize its unique value proposition among key stakeholders .
Dear Cecil : How can those America 's Cup yachts sail faster than the wind ?
Here 's what the San Francisco Chronicle has to say : " It 's physics . "
Come on , Cecil , I know you can do better .
P. McCartney , Oak Harbor , Washington
Cecil replies :
I should hope .
To give the Chronicle some credit , though , “ it ’s physics ” was preceded by an accurate if somewhat murky explanation that , unfortunately , you did n’t get .
Let ’s try again .
The America ’s Cup , for those whose taste in sports runs more to bowling , is the most prestigious prize in sailing .
First awarded in 1851 and later named after the first ship to win the race , the ornate silver cup is pursued by sailing fanatics racing the most high - tech yachts in the world .
The boats used in the original America ’s Cup races were wood - and - canvas schooners , but over time they ’ve evolved into computer - designed craft made of carbon fiber and epoxy .
One thing has n’t changed , though : all that makes them go is the wind .
For the 33rd America ’s Cup race , to be held in February , the defender is the Swiss yacht Alinghi 5 , sailed by the Societe Nautique de Geneve , which won the cup in 2007 despite the handicap of having no local ocean access .
( They train in Spain . )
The challenger is the American yacht BOR 90 , sailed by BMW Oracle Racing .
The team ’s 2007 effort cost $ 200 million .
BMW charges a lot for its cars , and Oracle charges a lot for its software .
I ca n’t imagine this project is helping them hold costs down .
The BOR 90 is a three - hulled yacht covering an area about the size of two basketball courts .
The mast is 185 feet high and carries a half - acre of sail .
Those numbers make the boat sound enormous , but to see it you ’d swear there ’s more mass in a toothpick .
The sails catch so much wind that capsizing is a serious risk , even with a hydraulic mast that can tilt to stay vertical as the boat leans .
If any boat can sail faster than the wind , you have to figure , this is it .
It does , too — two to three times as fast .
Not that I ’d ever doubt anything I read in the Chronicle , but I thought it ’d be smart to have my assistant Una check with BOR , specifically design director Mike Drummond .
He confirmed two things familiar enough to sailors but mystifying to landlubbers :
Yachts can’t outrun the wind if it ’s behind them .
As common sense suggests , they can go no faster than the wind can push them .
However — here ’s where common sense hits a tree — when yachts sail at a 45 - degree angle into the wind , they can in fact go faster than the breeze that powers them .
Drummond offers two reasons for this : “ less turbulence due to a better angle to the wind ; and the oncoming air is faster due to the forward speed of the yacht combining with the wind . ”
Sound like doubletalk ?
It ’s not .
A sail is an airfoil , like an airplane ’s wing .
Hold a slip of paper to your lips horizontally and blow over the top — it rises , like a wing .
Now hold the paper vertically and blow to one side .
It pulls to that side , like a sail — and the harder you blow , the more it pulls .
Now think about a sailboat in the water .
The relative speed of the wind past the sail is a function of two things : first , the absolute speed of the wind ( that is , relative to the ground ) plus the speed of the boat moving forward .
In short , the airfoil combined with the boat ’s mobility acts as a multiplier .
You can think of a boat sailing upwind as being in overdrive .
Strictly as a matter of aerodynamics , there ’s no reason a close - hauled boat ( one heading upwind with its sails trimmed tight ) ca n’t outrace the wind .
Few do , of course , because of another factor — the drag of the boat in the water .
For traditional single - hull boats , which ride relatively low , drag is considerable .
Still , with the right mix of design and determination , even a single - hull boat can outrun the wind .
The first America ’s Cup entry to do it was the New Zealand in 1988 .
Today ’s multihull boats , which skate on top of the water , can attain much higher speeds , and craft that do n’t need to contend with water at all can go faster still .
According to the World Ice Racing Circuit , ice boats can sail four to five times wind speed .
In March 2009 a land sailboat reached 126 miles per hour on a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert .
By comparison , the BOR 90 may sound positively pokey —
Drummond says it ’s gotten close to 50 knots , or roughly 57 miles per hour .
However , we ’re talking about a medium in which supertankers max out at 18 miles per hour and the fastest 19th - century clipper ship achieved just 25 miles per hour .
So , we clear on the concept now ?
If not , “ it ’s physics ” will have to do .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
TTC chair Adam Giambrone is poised to announce his candidacy for mayor .
The tip - off came when the TTC chairman , whose candidacy has been a matter of speculation for several weeks , sent out invitations to a “ night full of celebration and excitement ” at Revival , a College St. nightclub , on Feb .
1 .
“ I can say there 's been a lot of interest in my intentions for the 2010 municipal election , ” Giambrone said in an email Sunday night , “ and I 've said I 'll be announcing them in late January , which is fast approaching .
“ I 'm looking forward sharing my plans with Toronto in the next week or so , and participating in an exciting election .
On February 1 , I 'll be gathering with some friends and supporters to celebrate Toronto . ”
The invitations , sent to his supporters show a smiling , confident , election - ready Giambrone with his arms crossed .
The 32 - year - old has n’t officially declared his candidacy , but has hinted at a possible run .
After former mayoral candidate and provincial Progressive Conservative party leader John Tory announced he was n’t running , an Angus Reid - Toronto Star poll put the TTC chair in second place at 17 per cent , behind George Smitherman at 44 per cent , and just ahead of Liberal party strategist Rocco Rossi at 15 per cent .
Microsoft was aware months ago of a critical security vulnerability well before hackers exploited it to breach Google , Adobe and other large U.S. companies but did not patch the hole until Thursday .
The software giant had intended to release a patch for the flaw in February – more than four months after learning about it – but had to speed up that plan and roll it out this week in the wake of news that Google and others had been hacked through the flaw , the world 's largest software maker acknowledged Thursday .
Meron Sellen , a security researcher at BugSec , an Israeli firm , quietly reported the vulnerability to Microsoft in September , according tosecurity firm Kaspersky .
Microsoft confirmed it learned of the so - called " zero - day " flaw months ago .
According to Microsoft , " An attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could gain the same user rights as the logged - on user .
If a user is logged on with administrative user rights , an attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could take complete control of an affected system .
An attacker could then install programs ; view , change , or delete data ; or create new accounts with full user rights . "
The flaw , which primarily affected IE6 , allowed hackers to download malware to employee computers to gain access to intellectual property at Google , as well as information connected to Gmail users .
It 's unknown what the hackers obtained from some 33 other companies – hi-tech , financial and defense – that were also targeted in the attack .
Although Microsoft recognized the severity of the flaw at the time Sellen reported it , the company held off releasing a patch so it could be included in a cumulative update for IE planned next month , the company said .
A zero -day flaw is a vulnerability for which there is currently no patch .
It 's also a flaw that is generally unknown to the software vendor , which gives hackers who may be aware of the flaw a jump on developing malware to exploit it .
It 's unknown if other companies were breached through the flaw prior to the high - profile hacks disclosed last week .
Most companies are unwilling to acknowledge a breach , let alone provide public details about how they were hacked .
Google disclosed last week it discovered in mid-December that it had been hacked in an attack originating from China , about three months after Microsoft learned of the vulnerability .
Adobe followed Google , announcing it , too , was hacked .
Security firm iDefense said it had information that at least 34 companies were breached in the coordinated attack .
On Thursday , meanwhile , Microsoft released a cumulative security update for Internet Explorer that fixes the flaw , as well as seven other security vulnerabilities that would allow an attacker to remotely execute code on a victim 's computer .
“ Our investigation into this responsibly reported vulnerability began early September , " Jerry Bryant , senior security program manager for Microsoft , said in a statement .
" As part of this investigation we began working on an update to help protect customers .
We became aware of the recent attacks in mid-January and as part of our investigation determined the vulnerability being used in these attacks was similar to the one investigated in September . "
Photo : FastJack / Flickr
See also :
WASHINGTON --
The Detroit Red Wings controlled the puck all night long and outshot the NHL ’s highest - scoring team in its own building 46 - 23 .
They held two - time league MVP Alex Ovechkin and the highest - scoring defenseman in the game , Mike Green , without a shot on goal .
They led with less than seven minutes remaining in the third period .
But they left the Verizon Center empty - handed Tuesday , as the Washington Capitals scored two goals in 46 seconds late in regulation and got terrific goaltending from Jose Theodore to pull out a 3 - 2 victory .
“ I feel good because I thought our team played real well , real hard , ’’ Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said .
“ We basically dominated from start to finish .
They ’re an opportunistic team .
They got real good offensive flair and they were able to capitalize .
“ Their goalie was outstanding .
But I like the way we played .
We played fast , we were on top of them .
If we continue to play the way we ’re playing we ’ll be just fine . ’’
Brian Rafalski scored with 8:53 to play to give the Red Wings a 2 - 1 lead .
But a tripping penalty to Todd Bertuzzi less than two minutes later shifted the momentum .
Nicklas Backstrom tied the game with a power - play goal at 13:15 , making a move around Brad Stuart and whipping a shot past Chris Osgood on the short side .
David Steckel then scored what proved to be the winning goal at 14:01 , backhanding the puck past Osgood from the slot after a shot by Alexander Semin was deflected in front .
“ Stupid , stupid penalty by me .
Just careless with my stick at the wrong time , ’’ Bertuzzi said .
“ Then they come back and score another one right away .
It ’s pretty deflating . ’’
Osgood , making his first start since Dec. 20 , said , “ They scored a nice goal to tie it up , obviously , but then the bounce ( on Steckel ’s goal ) , I ’m still not sure how it went in . ’’
Babcock said Jimmy Howard , who had started the previous 12 games , will start Thursday in Minnesota .
“ I just think it was an opportunity for ( Osgood ) tonight , ’’ Babcock said .
“ I thought we gave him real good support .
“ I thought we were tilting the rink .
You do good things , normally good things happen .
Tonight was one of those few times when you outplay the other team and it did n’t go your way . ’’
Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom said his team battled hard for 50 minutes and lamented its inability to score on five power - play chances , including one in the final five minutes .
“ I thought it got away from us a little bit in the last 10 minutes , ’’ Lidstrom said .
“ They scored a nice goal to tie it up .
The third one I could n’t really tell from the bench , it was bouncing and then it was in our net . ’’
Steckel called it “ lucky . ’’
“ The puck just went to the net .
I just happened to be there , ’’ Steckel said .
“ I saw it bouncing .
It was just trying to get it on net , just a tip .
I thought it went wide at first until I looked back . ’’
Detroit ’s Dan Cleary opened the scoring at 4:17 of the second period with his 10th goal of the season .
He misfired on a forehand attempt while staring at an open net but scored on the second effort , backhanding the puck in off
Theodore from a bad angle while falling down .
Matt Bradley tied it at 1 - 1 with 1:55 to play in the second period , capitalizing on a defensive breakdown to get behind Jonathan Ericsson and beat Osgood .
“ We need points right now , that ’s what hurts even more , ’’ Osgood said .
“ The way we played , we can take a positive out of that . ’’
Red Wings forward Henrik Zetterberg took little solace in his team ’s domination , however .
“ You can say we played a good game , but in the end we did n’t score enough goals , " Zetterberg said .
“ We had a lot of chances , we should be able to put more pucks in . ’’
Karzai Says He'll Need U.S. Help for 15 - 20 Years New accusations of civilian deaths roil visit by Defense Secretary Gates .
KABUL , Afghanistan Dec. 8 , 2009  --
Afghan President Hamid Karzai made it clear today that his country 's security forces will need 15 to 20 years of financial and training assistance .
Karzai made his statement at a news conference with Defense Secretary Robert Gates , and just a week after President Obama outlined his strategy for Afghanistan which calls for a surge of 30,000 troops before he starts withdrawing them in 2011 .
" We hope that the international community , in particular the U.S. , as our first ally , helps us reach the ability -- in terms of economic ability as well -- to sustain a force that can protect Afghanistan with the right numbers and the right equipment , " Karzai said .
" Afghanistan is looking forward to taking over the responsibility in terms of paying for its forces and delivering to its forces out of its own resources , but that will not be for another 15 years , " he said .
In the past , Karzai has said he hoped to have Afghan forces take the lead in the country 's security in five years .
That is still the goal , he indicated , but it would require up to two decades of assistance to get there .
Gates did not dispute that timeline , but emphasized the U.S. desire for Afghan security forces to be trained quickly so they could begin taking over security for parts of the country in July 2011 .
Click here for complete coverage of Afghan war
" We know that you prefer to have Afghans protecting Afghans , and that is our goal as well , " Gates said .
" Our troops are here only as long as it takes to defeat your enemies .
We fill fight by your side until Afghan forces are large enough and strong enough to secure your nation on their own . "
The U.S. hopes to bulk up Afghan forces to 400,000 by 2013 , a huge increase from the current level of 97,000 soldiers and 94,000 police officers .
Efforts to win public support were rocked today by angry accusations from residents of Laghman Province who charged that a raid by U.S. special forces killed 12 civilians , including a woman .
When the protesters tried to bring the bodies of the dead towards the governor 's house , they were stopped by Afghan troops .
At one point , the Afghan soldiers fired into the crowd , killing one person , officials said .
The U.S. rejected the claims that civilians were killed .
Military sources said the raid was carried out with Afghan forces and targeted a Taliban leader responsible for roadside bombs and suicide attacks in the region .
During the raid , U.S. troops came under fire from several directions , killing seven insurgents and capturing four , U.S. officials said .
" We are aware of civilian casualty allegations , however there are no operational reports to substantiate those claims of harming civilians , including women and children during this operation , " said Navy Capt .
Jane Campbell .
Gates was asked about the Laghman accusations , but he did not respond directly .
" I know there is concern that more international troops will lead to more Afghan civilian injuries and deaths , " Gates said .
" Our top priority remains civilians .
We will do everything in our power to prevent casualties . "
Gates pointed out that civilian casualties have reduced dramatically under Gen. Stanley McChrystal 's watch .
Karzai and Gates Assail Corruption in Afghanistan
Gates and Karzai also discussed corruption , which has hobbled efforts to win popular support for the Karzai government .
Karzai , who won a new term in an election that was tainted by charges of massive voter fraud , said he would submit his complete cabinet by next Tuesday , acknowledging the importance that competent , transparent ministers would have on the endemic corruption in the country .
" It 's a malaise affecting our society .
It 's preventing us from progress .
It 's stealing revenues away from us .
The better we function there [ on corruption ] , the sooner we 'll be able to pay for ourselves and sustain ourselves , " he said .
Gates acknowledged something that American officials rarely spend much time on discussing : corruption within Western companies and the complicity that the West has in facilitating corruption in Afghanistan , one of the poorest countries on the planet .
" The vast amounts of money the international community has has been an enabler , if you will , and has created a significantly larger temptation that it had been perhaps in the past , " Gates said .
" President Karzai has taken responsibility for dealing with the problem in so far as Afghans are concerned .
We have to do what we can do to help make it more difficult for people to misbehave . "
Microsoft has a hidden a " God Mode " in its latest Windows 7 operating system that can be enabled very easily , according to US reports .
Users can access a long list of customisations from a central location by simply creating a folder and naming it GodMode .
{ED7BA470-8E54-465E-825C-99712043E01C}
The hidden feature is not entirely new as the same can be done with Windows Vista to give users access to a list of administrative tools and user options .
The list provides a handy way of accessing setting for things such as the Windows Firewall , Windows Update , user accounts , printers and power saving in a single window .
( Natural News )
As NaturalNews has previously reported , the U.S. is a nation seemingly hooked on mind - altering drugs ( https://www.naturalnews.com/027054_drugs_anti... ) .
A study released last fall in thedocumented a dramatic increase in the use of antidepressant drugs like Prozac since l996 .
In fact , these medications are now the most widely prescribed drugs in the U.S. Think Americans are maxed out on the number of psychiatric meds that huge numbers of them are taking ?
Think again .
A new report says U.S. adults are increasingly being prescribed combinations of antidepressants , anti-anxiety and antipsychotic medications -- and they could be experiencing serious side effects as a result .
The study , published in the January edition of , investigated patterns and trends in what is known as , meaning the prescribing of two or more psychiatric drugs .
Ramin Mojtabai , M.D. , Ph.D. , M.P.H. , of the Bloomberg School of Public Health at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore and Mark Olfson , M.D. , M.P.H. , of Columbia University Medical Center and the New York State Psychiatric Institute , examined data gathered from a national sample of office - based psychiatry practices .
In all , the researchers looked at the medications prescribed between 1996 and 2006 during more than 13,000 office visits to psychiatrists by adults .
The results showed a significant increase in the number of mind impacting drugs prescribed over these years .
The percentage of doctor visits which resulted in two or more medications being prescribed increased from 42.6 percent to 59.8 percent .
What 's more , the percentage of visits at which three or more drugs were prescribed soared from 16.9 percent to 33.2 percent .
And the median number of medications prescribed at each appointment with a psychiatrist increased on average by of 40.1 percent .
The combinations of drugs being prescribed with increasing frequency include antidepressants with sedative - hypnotics ( the most prescribed combination ) , antidepressants given along with antipsychotics and combinations of several kinds of antidepressants .
But at least the doctors prescribing these mixed drugs are only doing so based on solid research showing the combos are safe and effective , right ?
Wrong .
" Because scant data exist to support the efficacy of some of the most common medication combinations , such as antipsychotic combinations or combinations of antidepressants and antipsychotics , prudence suggests that renewed clinical efforts should be made to limit the use of these combinations to clearly justifiable circumstances , " the authors wrote in their paper .
" At the same time , a new generation of research is needed to assess the efficacy , effectiveness and safety of common concomitant medication regimens , especially in patients with multiple disorders or monotherapy - refractory conditions .
"
In fact , the researchers point out specific dangers of taking multiple psychiatric drugs .
" While the evidence for added benefit of antipsychotic polypharmacy is limited , there is growing evidence regarding the increased adverse effects associated with such combinations , " they concluded .
A case in point : some combinations cause increases in body weight and total cholesterol level .
Others have been associated with an increase in fasting blood glucose level .
Advertisements
On his radio show today , Sean Hannity claimed that no conservative opposes healthcare reform .
Hannity said , “ No conservative is against healthcare reform …all there ’s been is alienation and derisive comments by the Democrats . ”
He actually said this with a straight face , seriously .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Hannity said , “ So now it ’s back to the old drawing board for the Democrats on healthcare , which by the way maybe they ’ll be a little bipartisan , by the way no conservative is against healthcare reform , but you know what any discussion about portability , or medical savings accounts , or tort reform , or tax cuts you know it has just been diminished and pushed aside , and all there ’s been is alienation and derisive comments by the Democrats . ”
Hannity is saying that conservatives do n’t oppose healthcare reform as long as it fits their definition of healthcare reform which does n’t involve expanding coverage at all .
The conservative vision of healthcare reform is n’t really healthcare reform at all .
All the conservative solutions ignore the basic fact that most people who do n’t have healthcare either can’t get covered , or ca n’t afford it .
Conservatives assume that people do n’t have health insurance because they do n’t want it .
The idea that health insurance it is n’t accessible or affordable is ignored by them , and this is why a bipartisan solution to healthcare reform is impossible .
In order for there to be a partisan solution , both parties have to agree on the problem .
As long as conservatives continue to govern by ideology instead of practicality , bipartisanship will remain elusive .
Stuff I Should Not Do In The Morning : Read articles about how men's rights groups are getting pissed because women 's rights groups are going to Haiti to offer aid to vulnerable women .
Ah , lovely .
I 'm seeing red and it's not even noon yet .
Leaving aside that apparently the notion of " aiding women " has been conflated in these people 's minds as " lesbian paratroopers with pink machine guns will be kicking away the hands of dying men while women are showered with maxi-pads , chocolate , and aromatherapy candles , " leaving aside various and sundry studies by various humanitarian organizations that you tend to get the biggest economic bang for your buck by giving money to mothers and wives rather than using the " head of the household " model , leaving aside that pregnant women need highly specific care in the aftermath of disasters or that apparently some of these gentlemen who are so enraged do not realize that when women 's organizations say that they are providing " hygiene supplies " they do not mean wet - wipes ... * I just have one teeny tiny point to make .
Rape was made a criminal act in Haiti in 2005 .
Apparently other people -- by which I mean Kevin - - knew this already .
Apparently I was oblivious as I frequently am , or blotted it out in sheer dismay .
200 ...5 . God 's balls , world .
And they wonder why I do n't believe in an omnipotent benevolent god .
It was a huge problem when the government was WORKING .
The statistics come in the sort of numbers that rapidly become so absurd that they no longer mean anything , because I think a lot of us cannot even begin to comprehend a system failing that badly .
If anybody on earth does n't think that setting up women 's shelters to provide a place where women are n't going to be at risk of violence -- and let 's not be euphemistic , by " violence " I pretty much mean " gang - raped " -- in a country that had a bigass serious violence - against - women problem BEFORE it was a disaster zone -- is a humanitarian no -brainer ... Well , those people exist and are on the internet , god knows .
But anyway .
Since outrage is well and good but action is better , I just donated money .
Congratulations , angry male rights bloggers -- you made me give more money to women in an effort to counteract your pure stupidity .
ETA : Link to V - Day , where I donated ( also has links to Doctors Without Borders and Partners in Health ) Highly recommended : Charity Navigator ( includes links to various highly rated relief organizations and their specific focus -- there are a number of organizations working with Haitian women .
I picked one more or less at random that already had a battered women 's shelter on the ground , since they say you should try to donate to groups that already have a history in the area , as they 're much better at getting the aid out . )
( Also , if anybody says " but men can be raped too ! " in that tone that indicates you think it is somehow a trump card in this discussion , and then sits there like a wide - eyed entitled puppy expecting to be petted , I will ... well , I will sigh heavily and carefully not scream " OH MY GOD HOW DO THESE PEOPLE NOT REALIZE HOW THEY SOUND ?! " and then choke that thought off and snarl at the ceiling .
And instead I will say , very gently , that this is not about you right now , and yes , men getting raped is a horrible problem , and so is AIDS and global warming and the bloody white blindness in bunnies , but maybe you should think about what you just said and why women , who are getting raped in numbers so much vaster than men and furthermore expecting it to happen as just part of the way the world works , would maybe make us just a tad edgy .
So maybe we could dispense with that bit , since you now know how it will all go down , and it'll save time and energy for everybody .
And I will even go so far as to say that if you can find a reputable charity setting up shelters where men can go to avoid being gang - raped , I will cheerfully match my donation to the Haitian women 's shelter to it . )
*
The outrage of a gentlemen at " Men 's News Daily " that apparently men and boys did n't deserve " hygiene supplies " gave me one of the only laughs in this whole business .
Oh , honey ....
If you really really want to distribute tampons to the poor tampon - less men of Haiti , I will buy you a case out of my own pocket .
Rehabbing rock star Steven Tyler treated a bunch of shoppers at a Home Depot to an impromptu concert this weekend -- by singing two of Aerosmith 's biggest hits a cappella over the store 's loudspeaker .
TMZ spoke to multiple employees at the H.D. in Rancho Mirage , CA. , who tell us Tyler randomly picked up the microphone on Saturday and belted out snippets of " Dude Looks Like a Lady " and " I Don't Want to Miss a Thing " for all the weekend warriors to enjoy .
And get this :
We 're also told Tyler took a hit from a helium machine and kept singing Bee Gees style while signing autographs for anyone who asked .
Coolest .
Guy .
Ever .
Should We Test Teens for High Cholesterol ?
American teens may be at risk for problems once associated only with middle age .
Jan. 22 , 2010  --
As many as one in five American adolescents has LDL ( bad ) cholesterol levels that are too high and HDL ( good ) cholesterol levels that are too low -- a fact that many doctors say means that it may be time to start regular cholesterol screening as part of back - to - school check - ups .
According to a new report from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , American teens -- already identified as too often out - of - shape and overweight -- are also at risk for cholesterol problems once thought to be seen only in the middle - aged .
The CDC , which released the new cholesterol findings the Jan. 22 issue of Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report , said high triglyceride levels are also a problem for adolescents .
The numbers come from a nationwide survey conducted from 1999 through 2006 known as the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey ( NHANES ) .
This survey found that 20.3 percent of 12 - to 19 - year - olds had higher - than - normal levels of LDL cholesterol or triglycerides , or low levels of HDL cholesterol .
The findings are not shocking to doctors who treat teens , but as Dr. Joseph Zanga , a past president of the American Academy of Pediatrics said , " these numbers are more solid . "
But solutions may be more difficult .
" This problem is self - induced -- perhaps with some genetic predisposition -- and therefore can be self - corrected , " said Zanga , who is chief of pediatrics at Medical College of Georgia in Columbus .
" Americans must take major responsibility for their health .
Diet , exercise [ and ] non-smoking lifestyle is what these children need . "
Moreover , the numbers suggest bigger problems ahead for the American healthcare system , said Barbara Moore , president and CEO of Shape Up America .
" They suggest that 15 or 20 years down the road , when we expect these young people to be productive , hard - working adults contributing to society , they will instead be disabled , crippled by heart attacks , strokes and facing expensive treatments , surgery and rehabilitation .
This is not a pretty picture . "
Zanga noted that the American Academy of Pediatrics has been keeping an eye on obesity and cholesterol in kids for years , and the CDC said the new data suggest that about a third of American youths would be candidates for cholesterol screening on the basis of their body mass index ( BMI ) value , under guidelines already issued by the pediatricians .
The report was based on blood tests in 3,125 young NHANES participants .
High LDL cholesterol was defined as at least 130 mg / dL .
High triglyceride levels were 150 mg / dL or above .
HDL cholesterol of 35 mg / dL or below was considered low .
Those 18 to 19 years old were much more likely to have these abnormalities than younger adolescents : some 28.8 percent of participants in this age group had at least one number in an unhealthy range , compared with 16.5 percent to 18.4 percent of those 17 and younger .
Prevalence of lipid abnormalities was also more common among white youths ( 22.4 percent ) than among their black ( 14.6 percent ) and Hispanic ( 18.6 percent ) counterparts .
Girls were somewhat less likely than boys to have one or more abnormalities .
Not surprisingly , overweight and obese youths were much more likely than those of normal weight to have unhealthy cholesterol and triglyceride levels .
Some 43 percent of obese adolescents had at least one abnormality , as did 22 percent of those considered overweight for their age and height .
By comparison , only 14.2 percent of normal - weight participants had abnormal levels .
An unsigned commentary by MMWR 's editors noted that " untreated abnormal lipid levels in childhood and adolescence are linked to increased risk for cardiovascular disease in adulthood , " but they stopped short of endorsing routine lipid testing for adolescents .
The AAP recommends screening youths with specific risk factors such as being overweight and family history of high cholesterol and triglyceride levels .
The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force looked at the screening issue in 2007 and decided not to recommend for or against routine screening .
The MMWR editors suggested a strategy in line with the pediatrics group 's recommendation .
" Targeted screening of youths for abnormal lipid levels can identify those youths who might benefit from interventions that reduce the risk for [ cardiovascular disease ] , " they wrote .
" Based on the findings in this study , clinicians should be aware of lipid screening guidelines and recommended interventions for children and youths who are overweight or obese , " the editors added .
Such interventions include behavior and nutrition counseling and , if levels remain abnormal , drug treatment .
But the editors pointed out that fewer than 1 percent of NHANES participants included in the current study " had [ cholesterol and / or triglyceride ] levels high enough to warrant drug therapy according to AAP guidelines . "
Gov. Jim Gibbons has n’t had the best week .
Granted , you could say that about many weeks of the Nevada Republican ’s troubled governorship – his approval rating has been stuck below 20 % for some time – but this one began with him haggling with his estranged wife over the terms of their divorce .
The U.S. and North Korea likely have a better relationship .
During Monday ’s settlement announcement , which spared Gibbons from a potentially awkward public trial , the governor , among other things , botched his wedding date .
Later that day , his campaign advisor , Robert Olmer , pooh - poohed the state losing First Lady Dawn Gibbons .
“ Any first lady is to a large extent window dressing , ” he told the Reno Gazette - Journal .
Though the governor ’s spokesman tried to downplay the comment , a story Tuesday in the Reno paper placed them among the Jim Gibbons ’ missteps that have turned off female voters .
An autism group , appreciative of Dawn Gibbons ’ efforts to raise awareness of the disease , was displeased with Olmer ’s remarks as well .
On Wednesday , Jim Gibbons fired Olmer , saying his remarks were “ beyond inappropriate and were demeaning , sexist and do not , in any way , reflect my feelings . ”
While this distanced the governor from Olmer ’s poor choice of words , it also stretched the story into another day .
What else has the governor been up to ?
He sent a letter to state employees suggesting he might support cutting education funding .
He also called for the resignation of one of President Obama ’s Cabinet members .
And the week ’s not over .
Think nothing squirrelly can happen ...
The Kleptones present a comedy of duality - " Uptime / Downtime "
" Nothing can destroy if you do not see it as destructive ... "
Uptime : Call To Mind Voodoo Sabotage Welcome Back Hella Touch Can’t Be Paranoid Care Deeper Sand MKY Da HVN Come Again Destiny And Tenacity Cubikini Brightness And Contrast The Highest Kite Body Jump Nothing Beats A Large Mad Groove This Song Smells Final Word
Downtime : Interlude Freeze Seed Of Idumea Stay Untired Hammer Black Medicine Unbroken Correspondence Incandescence Exit Entrance Killing Jah Resignation
For individual tracks click the links above , download all here 320 MP3 or FLAC .
Cover photography by Sam Javanrouh - photos made available under a Creative Commons licence .
Check out The Videotones project to see videos for many tracks on the album .
Feedback welcome on Twitter , Facebook , email or join our mailing list .
Search
Would you like to support Mission America ?
Click the button below for a secure , online donation .
Linda hosts a radio show on WRFD and airs a weekly commentary on the Moody Radio Network .
She is also a frequent guest on talk shows coast to coast .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Friday that the earthquake in Haiti and the resulting aid may lead to a “ real boom economy ” there .
Lawmakers say they plan to encourage more charitable donations by making them tax - deductible .
“ I think that this can be an opportunity for a real boom economy in Haiti , ” she told reporters in the Capitol , drawing from her experience in San Francisco .
Haiti “ can leap - frog over its past challenges , economically , politically , and demographically in terms of the rich and poor and the rest there , and have a new — just a new , fresh start , ” the California Democrat added .
House leaders said they plan to introduce legislation — possibly as soon as next week — that would allow people to deduct charitable contributions directed to Haiti from their 2009 tax filings .
The contributions would have to be made prior to March 1 , according to a congressional aide .
Congress passed similar legislation shortly after the December 2004 tsunami in Asia .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Is becoming a woman analogous , in some deep psychological way , to becoming a werewolf ?
Ginger is 16 , edgy , tough , and , with her younger sister , into staging and photographing scenes of death .
They 've made a pact about dying together .
In early October , on the night she has her first period , which is also the night of a full moon , a werewolf bites Ginger .
Within a few days , some serious changes happen to her body and her temperament .
Her sister Brigitte , 15 , tries to find a cure with the help of Sam , a local doper .
As Brigitte races against the clock , Halloween and another full moon approach , Ginger gets scarier , and it is n't just local dogs that begin to die .
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
Hundreds of people were arrested in Copenhagen today after sporadic street violence broke out during a major protest march as UN climate change talks reached their halfway point .
The demonstration , organised to urge conference delegates to work out a binding deal to tackle climate change , was largely peaceful but was marred when a group of protesters threw bricks at police .
As many as 700 people are thought to have been arrested amid clashes with riot police as the authorities used " kettling " tactics to contain marchers .
Organisers estimated that up to 100,000 protesters , including some dressed as penguins and polar bears and carrying signs saying " Save the Humans " , joined the march across the city to the conference centre where negotiators and ministers are meeting .
A British demonstrator , Georgy Forshall , told the Observer : " Two of my friends are in there .
The police said demonstrators had been throwing stones , but my friends were in a cow costume , they would n't have been able , physically , to throw stones . "
The Danish police , who put the number of those taking part in the march at 30,000 , said two Britons involved in the protest had been deported .
Police spokesman Henrik Moeller Jakobsen said the arrests were made because of stone - throwing .
" The activists also wear masks on their faces and this is illegal under Danish law , " he said .
The UN - sponsored summit is meanwhile entering its final phase with more than 100 world leaders , including Barack Obama , Gordon Brown and Chinese premier Wen Jiabao , arriving to hammer out a deal .
So far the conference has been characterised by posturing and recriminations but gained some focus on Friday with the release of a document outlining ambitious greenhouse gas reductions over the next 40 years .
Industrialised nations will shoulder most of the burden of emission cuts in the near term , it is proposed .
Collectively , they will reduce their output of greenhouse gases by between 25 % and 45 % by 2020 compared with 1990 levels .
During that time , major developing countries would reduce theirs by between 15 % and 30 % .
Together , all countries would cut emissions between 50 % and 95 % by 2050 .
However , the text fails to indicate how much money rich countries would give poor ones to cope with global warming , a major bone of contention .
The European Union has pledged to provide $ 3.6 bn a year over the next three years to help poorer countries adapt to the impact of climate change : from coping with flood and drought to avoiding deforestation .
This figure was dismissed as inadequate by delegates from small island states and the nations from the least developed countries bloc .
Island states – such as the Maldives , the Seychelles and Tuvalu – are the most vulnerable to sea - level rises , a consequence of melting ice caps , and are particularly concerned about the need for firm , predictable funding to help them adapt .
They want any final treaty agreed at Copenhagen to set a target year , within the next decade , when emissions peak and then begin to fall .
This concept is absent from the draft .
Polymath4 is devoted to a question about derandomization :
To find a deterministic polynomial time algorithm for finding a k - digit prime .
So I ( belatedly ) devote this post to derandomization and , in particular , the following four problems .
1 ) Find a deterministic algorithm for primality
2 ) Find a combinatorial characterization ( and a deterministic algorithm ) for generically 3 - rigid graphs
3 ) Find an explicit construction for Ramsey graphs
4 ) Find a deterministic method for polling
( Remark : I was very slow in writing this post , and I had to give up elaborating the details on some very nice topics in order to finish it . )
Primality
The famous randomized algorithms for primality are still probably the quickest ways to check if a number is prime .
When Rabin ’s algorithm , for example , gives the answer “ yes the number n is a prime ” you can be sure with high probability that this is indeed the case .
The probability refers to internal randomization of the algorithm .
The randomized algorithms are examples of mathematical proofs “ beyond reasonable doubts ” .
There are mathematical statements that can be proved “ with high probability , ” and this is not a heuristic notion but a rigorous notion based on some internal randomization on which the proof depends .
It is a rigorous notion for a single mathematical statement and not a probabilistic notion over a space of many such statements .
There are not many randomized proofs for mathematical theorems , but finding such proofs is an exciting possibility .
Two decades after the first randomized algorithms for primality by Solovay - Strassen and Rabin ( which are referred to as “ Monte - Carlo ” tests ) , the first “ Las Vegas ” primality algorithm was found by Goldwasser and Kilian .
( An extention of the algorithm to all primes was achieved by Adleman and Huang . )
For this algorithm , which is based on elliptic curves , there is a small probability that the algorithm will not give an answer at all .
But when the algorithm declares a number to be prime then the number is prime for sure !
Another decade passed before the first deterministic polynomial algorithm was found by Manindra Agrawal , Neeraj Kayal and Nitin Saxena .
Practically , Rabin ’s and others ’ randomized methods are still much better and they give the main example of genuine mathematical proofs “ beyond a reasonable doubt ” .
You can read more about primality tests in this wikipedia article , and read also the wikipedea article about primality certificate .
and the AKS deterministic algorithm for primality is described in this post by Terry Tao ( among other places ) .
It was a beautiful combination of number theoretic ideas and derandomization techniques .
In particular it was based on derandomizing of a randomized algorithm discovered a few years eralier by Agrawal .
Rigidity of graphs and identity testing
Let G be an abstract graph with n vertices .
A spatial framework is an embedding of the vertices of G into space .
The embedding is flexible if there is a non-trivial flex , i.e. , a non-trivial perturbation of the embedded vertices that keeps all the edge lengths fixed .
Here , a trivial flex means a flex that comea from a rigid motion of the entire space .
In other words , a trivial flex keeps the distances between every pair of embedded vertices fixed .
An embedding is rigid if it is not flexible .
There is a related linear notion of infinitesimal flex – an assignment of velocity vectors to the vertices so that the edge length is constant to the first degree .
A graph G is generically 3 - rigid if it is rigid for a generic embedding into space .
A necessary and sufficient condition for generic rigidity is that there exists an embedding for which the graph is infinitesimally rigid .
Testing infinitesimal rigidity for a specific embedding amounts to solving a system of linear equations so it is computationally easy .
This gives a simple randomized algorithm to decide if a graph is generically 3 - rigid .
Generic 3 rigidity amounts to a certain polynomial P with interetminate coefficients not being identically zero .
The polynomial P is in fact a determinant of a 3 n - 6 by 3n – 6 matrix , where n is the number of vertices of the graph .
One of the most basic randomized algorithms is based on showing that this can be checked by testing the value of the polynomial P at sufficiently many integer points .
This use of randomnessin this case is a central ( perhaps the central ) method in the area of randomized algorithms .
The problem is referred to as “ identity testing ” .
You are given a polynomial P whose coefficents are indeterminate .
Question ( Identity testing ) : Is P identically zero ?
Algorithm : Substitute “ enough ” random integer values for the coefficients .
If you get always zero then with high probability P is identically zero .
( Of course , if you get a nonzero answer even once then P is not identically zero . )
( What is “ enough ? ” look at this interesting post by Dick Liption . )
Identity testing is a fundamental quastion ( perhaps the fundamental question ) where randomness helps and where we do not have a clue what to do without randomization .
Let us discuss derandomization of this problem .
It is not known if there a combinatorial description of generically 3 - rigid graphs and if there exists a deterministic polynomial - time algorithm to decide if a graph is 3 - rigid .
Now let ’s look at dimension 1 and 2 .
A graph is generically 1 - rigid if it is connected and this is quite a basic property .
In two dimensions there is a simple combinatorial condition by Laman : A graph with n vertices is generically 2 - rigid and is minimal with respect to this property , if and only if , it has 2n - 3 edges , and every subgraph on m vertices has at most 2 m - 3 edges .
For 3 dimensions the critical number of edges is 3 n - 6 , but the double - banana example shows that Laman ’s condition does not extend .
The double - banana example
Ramsey graphs
A k-Ramsey graph is a graph with vertices which has neither a complete subgraph on k vertices nor an empty subgraph on k vertices .
A famous result of Erdos asserts that a random graph with $ 2 ^ {k / 2} $ vertices is k-Ramsey with positive probability .
This is one of the earlier applications of the “ probabilistic method ” in combinatorics .
To find explicit constructions for Ramsey graphs has been an outstanding open problem since the discovery of the random examples .
( Computational complexity allows a formal way to state this question . )
Until recently the best known examples were based on the Frankl - Wilson theorem .
They gave explicit examples in which roughly .
Recently even better construction giving for an arbitrary positive were found by Barak , Rao , Shaltiel , and Wigderson .
They use in a very difficult way sum- product theorems ( especially the sum product theorem of Bourgain , Katz and Tao , ) together with various deep derandomization methods .
Polling
One of the surprising insights of statistics is that the sample size required for a public election poll does not depend on the size of the population .
Can you derandomize polling ?
Practically , you surely can , and pseudo - random generators are commonly used without hesitation .
But is there a deterministic substitute ?
Let me raise , as some provocative food for thought , the analogy between finding deterministically a prime which was polymath4 ’s aim and deterministically polling .
All sort of things
What else did I want to talk about .
The randomization revolution in complexity theory :
This is a wonderful story .
Some buzz words are : Interactive proofs , zero knowledge proofs , PCP and hardness of approximation , rapid mixing algorithms , randomness in distributed computing , and more .
Choose a random post on Lipton ’s blog and with high probability you will meet an important aspect of randomization .
The Probabilistic method :
The probabilistic method refers to the method of using probabilistic techniques for problems which seems to be completely unrelated to probability .
Applying probabilistic methods revolutionized or led to major developments in many mathematical areas .
We already talked about combinatorics , and computer science ( probabilistic issues are of great importance also in cryptography ) , probability also entered in unexpected ways in number theory , Banach space theory , real analysis , game theory , group theory and maybe also geometry and topology .
If in many areas the probabilistic method entered surprisingly in different times , how could it be surprising after all ?
Why derandomization ?
There is no question that randomization and randomized algorithm completely changed the computational complexity landscape .
What is the motivation for derandomization ?
One can argue that random bits are practically not really a computational resource we have to worry about like time and space .
“ Yes , right ” one can answer , this is correct but it is a manifestation of the deep and fundamental conjecture that derandomization is possible via pseudo - random generators .
A main reason to study derandomization , in my opinion , is that it is a profound and novel study of the notion of randomness , a scientific / mathematical notion that baffled scientists for centuries .
A second reason is that as randomization itself has become of primary importance in complexity theory ; derandomozation too has more and more applications .
One example is the Zig - Zag products which played a role in Omer Reingold ’s recent proof of SL=L and also , in a way , in Irit Dinur ’s new approach to PCP .
Hardness vs deradomization :
This is a remarkable tradeoff that was discovered in recent decades and led to a wider belief ( but is very far from offering a proof ) that randomness does not drastically help ( BPP=P ) .
How to test randomness :
Does theoretical computer science give a better understanding of the notion of randomness compared to traditional statistics ’ approach ?
Well , this is a matter of debate .
An interesting debate !
What is probability , anyway .
Not so many mathematicians , even probabilists , are interested these days in the foundations of probability theory .
For example , does ( classical ) probability manifests only human uncertainty and has no other “ objective ” meaning ?
Eliza Dushku revisited Faith ( Buffy ) and spent most of the episode ass - kicking which is fine .
The action made the episode fun to watch from the standpoint of someone who likes that kind of stuff .
I was however expecting a more nuanced episode for an episode focusing on Victor .
We learned almost nothing about him other that he was a soldier in Afghanistan and had shell shock which made him turn to the Dollhouse .
There were several scenes where we see Victor / Anthony alone contemplating everything -- anyone who was let out the Dollhouse would .
What we did n't see is Victor before becoming a soldier or even that much expansion of his character
The episode was far too focused on Echo and her new abilities to allow for Enver Gjokaj to shine ( I spelled it without referencing anything ) .
We 've seen what he can do , and the writers did not try to capitalize on that .
The Scytheon arm of Rossum was a great idea , but I think the infiltration and killing of the soldiers could have been better .
Echo is above - average with the numerous abilities pumped into her brain , but Rossum is portrayed as all - powerful .
And yet , the soldiers were destroyed much like the fodder on other shows and movies .
When I saw the soldiers moving together , I instant recollected the scene in the season premiere of Sanctuary where the Cabal minions walked in sync in for no particularly reason other than to pose for a final shot .
I think that scene will forever ruin people walking in tandem for me , so I was trying hard not to giggle at the soldiers .
Adelle has been pushed and pushed , and it looks like she is on her way to becoming completely evil .
Her motives have never been clear from the beginning , but she had a strict moral code .
Now , power is sole goal and in total despair , she first shuts down and then becomes a tyrant .
Random thoughts :
When Boyd was referencing something at home , the only thing I could think of was Dr. Saunders .
She drove off rather abruptly and her re-entrance should have meaning .
What happened to Ivy ?
Liza Lapira was terrific in the episode and I hope she does n't lose that wry charm .
Score : 8.9/10
They must find it difficult , those who have taken authority as the truth , rather than truth as the authority .
'' It 's not like I 'm just randomly standing there .
I wear a fluorescent jacket and I 'm trained to work with children , " he said .
'' It 's such a dangerous road .
We really need a safe crossing there .
I was just trying to do something to help .
I do n't get paid to do it .
The answer seems to be : " After September 11 . "
At one point , indeed , Dawkins said that the next atheist slogan he would like to see on the side of a bus is : " Science flies you to the moon .
Religion flies you into buildings . "
He got a cheer for that , as he did for most things , the atheists in the audience outnumbering the believers by a wide margin .
That did n't surprise me .
What did was their lack of courtesy .
There was even the odd jeer when the Christians were speaking .
I had assumed that part of the point of being an atheist was that you were tolerant of the views of others .
Chris Floyd Published : 06 January 2010 Hits : 12535
I .
It is often forgotten how " legal " the Nazi regime in Germany really was .
It did not take power in a violent revolution , but entered government through the entirely " legal " procedures of the time .
The " legal " vote of the " legally " elected Reichstag gave Adolf Hitler the powers to rule by decree , thus imparting strict " legality " to the actions of his government .
Indeed , there were several cases when those who felt the government had overstepped the bounds of law in a particular instance actually took the Nazi regime to court , and won .
Why ?
Because the government was bound by " the rule of law . "
And the fact is , almost the entire pre-Nazi judicial system of the German state remained intact and operational throughout Hitler 's reign .
The " rule of law " carried on .
Of course , as the Nazi regime plowed forward with its racist , militarist , imperialist agenda , this " rule of law " became increasingly elastic , countenancing a range of actions and policies that would have been considered heinous atrocities only a few years before .
This trend was greatly accelerated after the Regime -- claiming " self - defense " following an alleged " invasion " by a small band of raiders -- launched a war which soon engulfed the world .
Naturally , in such unusual and perilous circumstances , jurists were inclined to give the widest possible lee -way to the war powers of the state .
After all , as one prominent judge declared , the war had pushed the nation “ past the leading edge of a new and frightening paradigm , one that demands new rules be written .
War is a challenge to law , and the law must adjust . "
-- No , wait .
I must apologize for my mistake .
That last quote was not , in fact , from a German jurist during the Nazi regime , but from a ruling issued this week by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit -- one of the highest courts in the land .
The quoted opinion -- written by the legally appointed Judge Janice Rogers Brown -- was part of a sweeping ruling that greatly magnified the powers of the government to seize foreigners and hold them indefinitely without charges or legal appeal .
The court denied the appeal of Ghaleb Nassar al - Bihani , who has been held in captivity for more than eight years .
What was his crime ?
He served as a non-combatant clerk for a unit on one side of the long - running Afghan civil war .
This war was fought largely between factions of violent extremists ; Bihani had the misfortune to be serving in the army of the " wrong " faction when the United States intervened on behalf of the opposing extremists in 2001 .
Jason Ditz summarizes the case well at Antiwar.com :
Bihani was a cook for a pro-Taliban faction fighting against the Northern Alliance before the 2001 US invasion , and his unit surrendered during the initial invasion .
The Yemeni citizen is accused of “ hostilities against the United States ” even though he arrived in Afghanistan nearly six months before the US invasion .
Not only did his unit never fight against American forces , he was a cook who does n’t appear to have ever participated in any combat at all .
Despite this , he was declared an enemy combatant .
Let 's underscore the salient fact : Bihani never took up arms against the United States , was involved in no combat against the United States ( or anyone else , apparently ) , played no part in any attack on the United States .
Yet the court ruled that the United States can arbitrarily declare Bihani an " enemy combatant " and hold him captive for the rest of his life .
But the eminent judges did not stop there in their entirely " legal " ruling .
As the New York Times reports , they went to declare that " the presidential war power to detain those suspected of terrorism is not limited even by international law of war . "
And later : " the majority ’s argument [ is ] that the president ’s war powers are not bound by the international laws of war . "
Think of that .
Let it sink in .
The president 's war powers cannot be constrained by the international laws of war .
Whatever the Leader ( no points for translating this term into German ) decides to do in the course of a war is thus rendered entirely " legal . "
He can not be accused of international war crimes because such things do not apply to him .
With this ruling -- which is all of a piece with many more that have preceded it -- we are well and truly " past the leading edge of a new and frightening paradigm . "
What is most frightening , of course , is the obscene philosophy of machtpolitik -- the craven kowtowing to the demands of brute force -- that is embodied in Judge Brown 's chilling words : " War is a challenge to law , and the law must adjust . "
Again , remember the context of this ruling .
It deals with the Leader 's power over foreign citizens in lands that the Leader 's armies are occupying .
The judicial " reasoning " expressed by Judge Brown could apply , without the slightest alteration , to the Nazi regime 's various programs of mass killing and " indefinite detention " of " enemy " foreigners in occupied lands .
The " resettlement " of Eastern Europe -- in order to provide for the " national security " of the German people and the preservation of their " way of life " -- did indeed require a pathbreaking advance into a " new paradigm " on the part of the law .
The exigencies and challenges of the war demanded , as Judge Brown would put it , that " new rules be written . "
And so they were .
Under the duly , officially , formally constituted German " law " of the time -- as interpreted and applied by obsequious jurists in the mold of Judge Brown and her fellow war power expander , Judge Brett Kavanaugh -- there was little or nothing that was " illegal " in the vast catalogue of Nazi wartime atrocities , including the Holocaust itself .
The perpetrators were " only following orders , " which had been issued by " legal " entities , acting through " legal " processes , under the direction of the " legal " executive authority , whose unrestrained war powers had been established and upheld by the " rule of law . "
Now this legal philosophy -- the primacy of raw , unaccountable power -- is being openly established by the highest courts of the United States .
President Barack Obama , whose legal minions fought so ferociously to deny the appeal of the non-combatant captive , has been an ardent proponent and practitioner of this philosophy since his first days in office .
His administration has proclaimed that the torturers of the Bush administration will not be prosecuted , because they were just following orders -- orders which had been issued by legal entities , acting through legal processes , under the direction of the legal executive authority , whose unrestrained war powers had been established and upheld by the " rule of law . "
II .
It was not always thus .
A few years ago , when writing of the " constitutional and moral issues raised by Bush 's liberty - gutting ' unitary executive ' dictatorship " ( which Obama has enthusiastically continued and expanded ) , I ran across a Supreme Court ruling from December 1866 -- more than 140 years ago : Ex Parte Milligan .
In this ruling , which grew out of the wartime excesses of the Lincoln Administration , the Court -- dominated by five Lincoln appointees -- was unequivocal :
Constitutional protections not only apply " equally in war and peace " but also – in a dramatic extension of this legal shield – to " all classes of men , at all times , and under all circumstances . "
No emergency – not even open civil war – warrants their suspension .
Even in wartime , the President 's powers , though expanded , are still restrained : " he is controlled by law , and has his appropriate sphere of duty , which is to execute , not to make , the laws . "
As I noted earlier in the piece :
It was a decisive ruling against a government that had far overreached its powers , stripping away essential liberties in the name of national security .
The Justice who authored the majority opinion was a Republican , an old friend and political crony of the president who had appointed him .
Even so , his ruling struck hard at the abuses set in train by his patron .
He stood upon the law , he stood upon the Constitution , even in the aftermath of a shattering blow that had killed more than 600,000 Americans and almost destroyed the nation itself .
This is what the Court decided :
" The Constitution of the United States is a law for rulers and people , equally in war and in peace , and covers with the shield of its protection all classes of men , at all times , and under all circumstances .
No doctrine , involving more pernicious consequences , was ever invented by the wit of man than that any of its provisions can be suspended during any of the great exigencies of government .
Such a doctrine leads directly to anarchy or despotism , but the theory of necessity on which it is based is false ; for the government , within the Constitution , has all the powers granted to it , which are necessary to preserve its existence . "
The author was Justice David Davis , an Illinois lawyer appointed by Abraham Lincoln after helping run the campaign that gave his old colleague the presidency in the fateful 1860 election .
( Davis was also , by a strange quirk of history , the second cousin of George W. Bush 's great - grandfather . )
By the time the Court issued its ruling , Lincoln was dead , but the after - effects of his ever - expanding suspension of civil liberties during wartime were still roiling through the courts , and through America 's fractured society .
The Milligan ruling was , in the words of legal scholar John P. Frank , " one of the truly great documents of the American Constitution , " a " bulwark " for civil liberties , expansive and exacting in the Constitutional protections it spelled out .
The ruling acknowledged that there are times when the writ of habeas corpus may have to be suspended in an area where hostilities are directly taking place – but even this power , they noted , was highly circumscribed and specifically delegated to Congress , not the president .
Lincoln exceeded this authority on numerous occasions , increasing the scope of his powers until the entire Union was essentially under martial law , and anyone arbitrarily deemed guilty of never - defined " disloyal practices " could be arrested or silenced – in the latter case by having their newspaper shut down , for instance .
( Lincoln would sometimes – but not always – seek ex post facto Congressional authorization for these acts . )
Some parts of the Union that the Lincoln administration thought particularly disloyal were officially put under martial law -- such as southern Indiana , where anti-war agitator Lambdin Milligan and four others were accused of a plot to free Confederate prisoners , and were summarily tried and sentenced to death by a military tribunal .
It was this case that the Court – five of whom were Lincoln appointees – overturned in such a decided fashion .
As noted , that ruling was made in a nation still reeling from a savage , titanic war fought on its own territory .
Even in the midst of such turmoil , the idea that " the laws must adjust " to the exigencies of war -- even the extremity of ruinous civil war -- was considered anathema , even to conservative jurists with close ties to the government .
But no longer .
Although , unlike a civil war , even the worst terrorist attack imaginable would pose no existential threat to the nation , today the merest whisper of the possibility of a limited terrorist incident shakes the United States to its foundations -- and people willingly line up to be stripped naked by machines , while courts crawl on their bellies before the terrible majesty of unrestrained executive power .
Be assured : the " rule of law " means nothing , protects nothing , sustains nothing .
It can always be twisted and stretched by cowards , courtiers and power - seekers .
Arthur Silber , as he does so often , cuts to heart of the matter in this powerful essay from 2009 , " Concerning the State , the Law , and Show Trials " :
The law is not some Platonic Form plucked from the skies by the Pure in Heart .
Laws are written by men , men who have particular interests , particular constituencies , particular donors , and particular friends .
...
Laws are the particular means by which the state implements and executes its vast powers .
When an increasingly authoritarian state passes a certain critical point in its development , the law is no longer the protector of individual rights and individual liberty .
The law becomes the weapon of the state itself -- to protect , not you , but the state from threats to its own powers .
We passed that critical point some decades ago .
The law is the means by which the state corrals its subjects , keeps them under control , and forbids them from acting in ways that the overlords might perceive as threatening .
In brief , today , in these glorious United States , the law is not your friend .
Indeed it is not .
In our " low dishonest " century , the " rule of law " has become the " lie of Authority " that Auden speaks of .
It will not save us .
What matters -- as always -- is moral courage in the face of power 's encroachments .
Sometimes this can be found within an institutional framework , as in the Supreme Court 's bold expansion of legal rights to all people , " at all times , and under all circumstances " back in 1866 ; and of course it can be found in the lives and actions of individuals , acting singly or in concert .
Auden again :
Sabri Husibi is a former Muslim who recently spoke at a gathering for the Tulsa Atheists ( Oklahoma ) .
He became an atheist at a young age when , while attending Quran school ( to become an imam ) , he discovered he no longer had faith in the religion .
“ The more I learned , the more paradoxes I saw , ” he said .
Husibi said his rejection of Islam was cemented during mandatory military service in the Lebanon civil war in which more than a million people died , a war he says was religiously motivated .
…
After becoming an atheist , Husibi felt a sense of relief “ that these silly stories cannot control me anymore , ” he said . …
He said he loves the freedom of American society and the respect and understanding of the people .
Husibi also realized that the Quran was written by men , not God .
Just like the Bible .
And every other “ sacred ” text .
Sounds like a kind , rational , decent man .
Which must explain why he ’s now getting death threats from the Muslim community .
It ’s serious and it ’s frightening :
Husibi , who has an unlisted telephone number , said he received about 30 calls Saturday from people who were cursing him , calling him a traitor and threatening him .
Most were foreign - born , Tulsa - area Muslims whom he knows , he said .
He also received angry calls from friends and relatives in Syria .
One caller , whom Husibi would not identify , said that if he spoke at the meeting and said anything against Shariah ( Islamic law ) , he would be killed .
Another caller offered Husibi ’s young Muslim wife $ 10,000 to leave him and return to her native Syria , he said .
“ Someone from Tulsa called my 76 - year - old mother in Syria and said , ‘ You ’re not going to see your son anymore , ’ ” he said .
The original article came out on Saturday , in anticipation for the Sunday talk .
The organizer of the Tulsa Coalition of Reason offered to cancel the talk in the wake of threats .
The courageous Husibi refused the cancellation .
He still refuses to silence himself :
On Tuesday , a clearly shaken Husibi asked that any future articles emphasize that he is not attacking Islam alone but all religions , including “ fundamentalist Christians like Timothy McVeigh and fundamentalist Jews who kill Muslim children in the Gaza Strip . ”
He said Tulsa Muslims are awaiting an apology from him .
“ I wo n’t apologize , ” he said .
“ I ’m not going to be a chicken .
This is my right , to give my point of view . ”
I spoke to Husibi via email .
His English is n’t perfect but it ’s very clear what he ’s saying .
He verified those threats mentioned in the article and added that his brothers are now denying they know him ( whether out of fear or shame , I do n’t know ) .
He ’s lost his friends and relatives in a very short amount of time .
He ’s still getting threats .
He worries someone is going to shoot him .
It does n’t help that he recently had open heart surgery …
I urged him to go to the police .
He told me he would do so today .
Hopefully , they can investigate the people making the threats and offer some protection for the time being .
( Thanks to Richard for the link )
It ’s a question that ’s plagued mankind for more than a week : How do Avatar ’s Na’vi — which bore no discernible genitals that we could see , even in IMAX and on a second viewing — have sex ?
In a recent interview , Zoe Saldana explains that the film ’s steamy outdoor mating scene was snipped to avoid an R rating , but it will likely be restored for the unrated , special - edition DVD .
For impatient fetishists who must know now , though , they stick their tails together .
Says Saldana :
ana :
lockquote >
If you sync to your banshee and you ’re syncing to a tree , why not sync into a person ?
I almost feel like you ’ll have the most amazing orgasm , I guess .
It was a very funny scene to shoot because there were so many technical things that sometimes you have to keep in mind that paying attention to all those might disrupt the fluidity of how a scene is supposed to take place .
And because Jim was shooting for a PG - 13 rating , we could n’t move in certain directions .
The motion would look a little too past the PG - 13 rating standards .
So it was really funny for Sam and me .
We had a lot of giggles there .
Disgusting .
Alien Sex Scenes Cut from Avatar May Pop Up in DVD [ ReelzChannel via Movieline ]
Related : Oscar Futures : Can Basterds Finish First ?
Mo’Nique , Memoriams , and More Nominations : Ten Reasons to Love This Oscar Season
Was 2009 the Worst Year of the Decade for Oscar - Bait Season ?
It Only Feels That Way
’ For Your Consideration ’ Ads : A Reader ’s Guide to Oscar - Season Variety
How generous has the world been with Haiti after its earthquake ?
The global response to the Haiti earthquake has been extraordinary and generous .
But in the midst of all the reporting , it 's difficult to keep track of the numbers .
In particular , who has given what , who has dug deepest , and how the Haiti relief fund compares to those of other tragedies .
These are the contributions to the Haiti Earthquake recovery effort as of 24th January 2010 .
Source : ReliefWeb , Guardian Datablog
Explore the data for yourself InformationIsBeautiful.net , dedicated to visualising information , ideas , stories and data .
This visualisation takes data from my book of infographic exploria , Information Is Beautiful .
It 's published in the UK on 4th February 2010 .
In the US , the book 's called The Visual Miscellaneum
World government data
• Search the world 's government with our gateway
Can you do something with the data ?
Flickr
Please post your visualisations and mash - ups on our Flickr group or mail us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A - Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
Updated from the original report for AlterNet
In today 's Supreme Court decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , the Court ruled that corporations should be treated the same as “ natural persons ” , i.e. humans .
Well , in that case , expect the Supreme Court to next rule that Wal - Mart can run for President .
The ruling , which junks federal laws that now bar corporations from stuffing campaign coffers , will not , as progressives fear , cause an avalanche of corporate cash into politics .
Sadly , that 's already happened : we have been snowed under by tens of millions of dollars given through corporate PACs and “ bundling ” of individual contributions from corporate pay - rollers .
The Court 's decision is far , far more dangerous to U.S. democracy .
Think : Manchurian candidates .
I 'm losing sleep over the millions — or billions — of dollars that could flood into our elections from ARAMCO , the Saudi Oil corporation 's U.S. unit ; or from the maker of “ New Order ” fashions , the Chinese People 's Liberation Army .
Or from Bin Laden Construction corporation .
Or Bin Laden Destruction Corporation .
Right now , corporations can give loads of loot through PACs .
While this money stinks ( Barack Obama took none of it ) , anyone can go through a PAC 's federal disclosure filing and see the name of every individual who put money into it .
And every contributor must be a citizen of the USA .
But under today 's Supreme Court ruling that corporations can support candidates without limit , there is nothing that stops , say , a Delaware - incorporated handmaiden of the Burmese junta from picking a Congressman or two with a cache of loot masked by a corporate alias .
Candidate Barack Obama was one sharp speaker , but he would not have been heard , and certainly would not have won , without the astonishing outpouring of donations from two million Americans .
It was an unprecedented uprising - by - PayPal , overwhelming the old fat - cat sources of funding .
Well , kiss that small - donor revolution goodbye .
Under the Court 's new rules , progressive list serves wo n't stand a chance against the resources of new “ citizens ” such as CNOOC , the China National Offshore Oil Corporation .
Maybe UBS ( United Bank of Switzerland ) , which faces U.S. criminal prosecution and a billion - dollar fine for fraud , might be tempted to invest in a few Senate seats .
As would XYZ Corporation , whose owners remain hidden by “ street names . ”
George Bush 's former Solicitor General Ted Olson argued the case to the court on behalf of Citizens United , a corporate front that funded an attack on Hillary Clinton during the 2008 primary .
Olson 's wife died on September 11 , 2001 on the hijacked airliner that hit the Pentagon .
Maybe it was a bit crude of me , but I contacted Olson 's office to ask how much “ Al Qaeda , Inc. ” should be allowed to donate to support the election of his local congressman .
Olson has not responded .
The danger of foreign loot loading into U.S. campaigns , not much noted in the media chat about the Citizens case , was the first concern raised by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , who asked about opening the door to “ mega - corporations ” owned by foreign governments .
Olson offered Ginsburg a fudge , that Congress might be able to prohibit foreign corporations from making donations , though Olson made clear he thought any such restriction a bad idea .
Tara Malloy , attorney with the Campaign Legal Center of Washington D.C. says corporations will now have more rights than people .
Only United States citizens may donate or influence campaigns , but a foreign government can , veiled behind a corporate treasury , dump money into ballot battles .
Malloy also noted that under the law today , human - people , as opposed to corporate - people , may only give $ 2,300 to a presidential campaign .
But hedge fund billionaires , for example , who typically operate through dozens of corporate vessels , may now give unlimited sums through each of these “ unnatural ” creatures .
And once the Taliban incorporates in Delaware , they could ante up for the best democracy money can buy .
In July , the Chinese government , in preparation for President Obama 's visit , held diplomatic discussions in which they skirted issues of human rights and Tibet .
Notably , the Chinese , who hold a $ 2 trillion mortgage on our Treasury , raised concerns about the cost of Obama 's health care reform bill .
Would our nervous Chinese landlords have an interest in buying the White House for an opponent of government spending such as Gov. Palin ?
Ya betcha !
The potential for foreign infiltration of what remains of our democracy is an adjunct of the fact that the source and control money from corporate treasuries ( unlike registered PACs ) , is necessarily hidden .
Who the heck are the real stockholders ?
Or as Butch asked Sundance , “ Who are these guys ? ”
We 'll never know .
Hidden money funding , whether foreign or domestic , is the new venom that the Court has injected into the system by its expansive decision in Citizens United .
We 've been there .
The 1994 election brought Newt Gingrich to power in a GOP takeover of the Congress funded by a very strange source .
Congressional investigators found that in crucial swing races , Democrats had fallen victim to a flood of last - minute attack ads funded by a group called , “ Coalition for Our Children 's Future . ”
The $ 25 million that paid for those ads came , not from concerned parents , but from a corporation called “ Triad Inc . ”
Evidence suggests Triad Inc. was the front for the ultra - right - wing billionaire Koch Brothers and their private petroleum company , Koch Industries .
Had the corporate connection been proven , the Kochs and their corporation could have faced indictment under federal election law .
As of today , such money - poisoned politicking has become legit .
So it 's not just un-Americans we need to fear but the Polluter - Americans , Pharma - mericans , Bank - Americans and Hedge - Americans that could manipulate campaigns while hidden behind corporate veils .
And if so , our future elections , while nominally a contest between Republicans and Democrats , may in fact come down to a three - way battle between China , Saudi Arabia and Goldman Sachs .
*********
Greg Palast is the author of the New York Times bestseller The Best Democracy Money Can Buy . ”
Palast investigated Triad Inc. for The Guardian ( UK ) .
View Palast 's reports for BBC TV and Democracy Now ! at www.gregpalast.com.
This article was published on Forum Against War , Punjab on January 8 , 2010 .
Police Intimidation of Adivasi Witnesses , Journalists , Students and Social Workers Ahead of Public Hearing in Dantewada , Chhattisgarh
One day before the Jan Sunwai ( public hearing ) planned for 6th and 7th Jan to bring out Adivasis ’ concerns in Dantewada , Chattisgarh , the police has unleashed a campaign to intimidate and silence key Adivasi witnesses as well as visiting journalists , students and activists .
Even as eminent Gandhian Himanshu Kumar of Vanavasi Chetana Ashram ( VCA ) broke his fast on the 10th day , the Ashram was surrounded by armed police and Special Police Officers ( SPOs ) .
Journalists Satyen Bordoloi and Priyanka Borpujari from Mumbai , Suresh Deepala , law student and AID volunteer from Hyderabad , and Nishtha , a visiting student from Tata Institute of Social Sciences , were forcibly prevented from leaving , placing them under virtual house arrest for a few hours .
They were assaulted and their cameras taken away .
After public pressure forced the administration to let them free , they were then detained again at the police station on false charges of assaulting journalists .
They have been released now and are back at VCA .
About 25 to 30 Adivasi villagers who had come to VCA for the Jan Sunwai have been taken away by the police to an unknown location on 5th January .
Even as eminent social activists , journalists and concerned citizens , including Medha Patkar and Sandeep Pandey , are reaching Dantewada on 6th January for the Jan Sunwai , the administration has adopted increasingly repressive and violent tactics to prevent or scuttle the Jan Sunwai and cover up the excesses going on for the past two years .
Sodi Sambo , a 28 year old Adivasi woman from village Gompad was shot in her leg on 1st Oct , 2009 by the security forces .
She is an important witness in the 1st Oct incident in which 9 Adivasis , including an 8 - year old girl , were killed by the security forces .
She is one of the petitioners of Writ Petition ( Criminal ) No. 103 of 2009 in the Supreme Court .
She was stopped by the police on 3rd Jan , 2010 , as she was on her way to Delhi in very ill health for the treatment of her wounded leg and malaria .
She is being held in isolation in the Jagdalpur Hospital where neither journalists nor social workers can meet her .
Further , the hospital cannot offer the treatment she needs .
Intimidation and harassment of VCA volunteers has been going on for over a year in spite of the fact that Himanshu Kumar and VCA have consistently opposed Maoist violence .
Volunteer Kopa Kunjam was arrested on false charges on 10th Dec , 2009 along with a lawyer from Human Rights Law Network .
Although the lawyer has been released , Kopa continues to be in custody where , according to him , he was tortured by being hung upside down and beaten severely .
He has been threatened several times to not work with VCA .
At the behest of the police and the administration , the landlord of Himanshu asked him to vacate his house despite having signed an agreement for a year .
Nandini Sundar , a Professor of Anthropology in Delhi , was refused a room in all the hotels in Dantewada and her car driver threatened , eventually compelling her to abandon her visit .
We demand that the rights of civilians in the region be restored , the media have free access to the region and report on the goings on , and the civil society be allowed in the region for the Jan Sunwai .
We urgently request NHRC , various human rights group and the Home Minister P Chidambaram and Chhattisgarh Chief Minister to ensure the safety of Sodi Sambo , Kopa Kunjam , Himanshu Kumar , the Adivasis of Dantewada , and all the visiting journalists , students , social workers and human rights activists .
We demand an end to the abuse of power by the state in Chhattsigarh and by the Operation Green Hunt through out India and demand that the Centre and State be held accountable for every life that has been lost so far .
Limited Collector ’s Ultimate Special Director ’s Cut Edition with exclusive content
About the title : I know … long title is long … but the long title could be longer since there are plenty of other words I could ’ve added in there such as “ deluxe ” and “ hardened ” or whatever … you know , to make it sound more important and make you seem more awesome for reading it .
I like “ special ” edition versions of games as much as the next guy .
After all , when a game I like comes out that comes in a really nice case with exclusive art comes out , I think it ’s a pretty cool thing to get since it ’s relevant to my interests .
After all , greed is n’t such a bad thing if you have the means to pursue what you want … even if a lot of what you get in the Special Edition packs is pretty useless or will be thrown into some dark corner a week after you get it .
Some are great , others start getting ridiculous and then there are those that go beyond ridiculous with multiple tiered versions of their special editions , each more special than the last .
In the past I found it easy to choose from with these kinds of things .
You either got the regular version for a standard price , or you paid a little bit more and got a nice steel book case with some nice exclusive art and maybe even an extra disc with a “ making of ” video on it .
Nowadays , it ’s an entirely different business with many different kinds of versions of the same thing except different … kind of like how there seems to be many different versions of the same console released over a period of time with different price points to confuse and infuriate people who have an older inferior version to the superior release that they just happened to come up with ….
* chokes and almost passes out as he tries to take a breath *…
There are a lot of games that do it , but I think the two most recent that come to mind is Assassin ’s Creed II and Modern Warfare 2 .
Black , White , Hardened , Prestige … it is ridiculous , but out of the two , I think AC2 is worse because of its exclusive in - game content that people who buy the regular edition will probably never see… unless they ’re released as DLC later on .
In - game exclusives piss me off , and it does n’t matter if they come from special editions or because it ’s some console exclusive .
I do n’t particularly like the fact that Grand Theft Auto IV has all of the DLC on the 360 …
Hell , even the Episodes from Liberty City version is 360 only .
I worry about what else they ’re going to do to segregate people into different classes depending on how much they choose to spend on buying what should be the exact same game …
A battle involving money and politics , academic freedom and threatening emails has hit an Israeli university after one of its academics took part in a Channel 4 documentary which has been accused of encouraging antisemitism .
At the centre of the dispute is Michael Gross , a prominent member of Britain 's Jewish community , a long - time donor to Ben- Gurion University ( BGU ) and a member of its international board of governors .
After seeing the Dispatches programme last month , Gross emailed Professor David Newman – a British - born lecturer who has emigrated to Israel – and wrote : " I saw your disgusting contribution to the Dispatches programme .
I will use whatever influence I have at BGU to have you thrown out … I hope you perish . "
In a second message , he said : " The sooner you are removed from BGU and the face of the earth , the better . "
The programme , presented by the British journalist Peter Oborne , was billed as the inside story of " Britain 's Israel lobby " , which the broadcaster 's blurb described as " little known " but " wielding great influence among the highest realms of British politics and media " .
In fact , it acknowledged that the membership of groups such as Conservative Friends of Israel and Labour Friends of Israel was well known .
But Jewish community leaders were angered by the programme 's tone and that almost all of those interviewed were sharply critical of Israel .
Last week , 120 BGU faculty members attacked Gross 's email .
In a letter to Roy Zuckerberg , the chair of governors , a US philanthropist and former Goldman Sachs partner , they said Gross 's " hate mail " was a challenge not only to Newman but also to academic discourse and free speech .
Saying that Gross should have " no place in the BGU community " , they urged Zuckerberg to demand that Gross apologise or sack him from the board .
One academic said yesterday that he had signed the letter not only to support Newman , but because there was growing political pressure on many left - of - centre academics both from within Israel and major diaspora communities .
Gross told the Observer that he regretted " the language , but not the sentiments " in his attack on Newman .
" I was furious .
It was intemperate . "
He said that his threat to try to get Newman fired was " because I wanted to upset the guy .
I wanted him to be as upset as I was . "
But he added : " I am not going to apologise to him , because he deserves what he gets . "
Gross said he had " exploded " because of the fundraising implications for the university of one of its lecturers appearing on an " anti- Israel " programme .
" We 're trying to mount a campaign to increase support for the university , and a guy like that just walks us back five years , " he said .
Gross qualified as an accountant in London , but went on to get a Harvard Business School degree and returned to Britain build up a successful property business in the 1980s .
In Jewish community life , he became an often outspoken participant in debates on the religious direction and leadership of the community , as well as an advocate of strong support for Israel .
In recent years , he has spent most of his time in Israel .
Newman revealed that he had lodged an official complaint against Gross with the Community Security Trust ( CST ) , the body that monitors threats against British Jews .
" If someone had written to any member of the Anglo - Jewish community with words like that , it would immediately have been reported to the police , and they would have wanted to know why it was n't being dealt with , " he said .
The academics say the issue is academic freedom .
Gross 's emails , their letter said , " signal an attitude of total disdain for the principles of academic discourse based on open debate , and for free inquiry of any kind " .
One of Gross 's fellow governors said yesterday that Rivka Carmi , the university 's president , would be " caught between a rock and a hard place " .
" She has to keep the faculty happy , " adding that in BGU and other Israeli universities there was no prospect of a professor getting sacked over political views .
" On the other hand , she has to keep her supporters happy to give money to the university . "
Another governor , British lawyer Harold Paisner , said the tone of Gross 's emails was unacceptable .
" It is one thing having a difference of opinion .
But because you disagree with someone 's political views , to wish them dead and curse them – this is appalling .
I am horrified . "
In his appearance on the programme , Newman , a political geographer who is editor of the international Journal of Geopolitics , did not directly criticise Israeli policy .
In fact , after seeing the programme , he said he regretted having taken part .
In a column for the Jerusalem Post several days after its broadcast , he said that the programme had been very one - sided .
Israeli universities increasingly rely on support from overseas donors .
But diaspora leaders , particularly in Britain , feel they are facing an increasingly anti-Israel and antisemitic tone in politics and the media , causing tension with left - of - centre voices in Israeli faculties .
Hundreds of Australian websites will fade to black this week in protest against the Federal Government 's proposed internet filter , which some claim will put Australia on a par with countries like China and Iran .
The Federal Government wants to pass laws to force internet service providers to block banned material hosted on overseas servers .
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy says he intends to introduce the legislation in the first half of 2010 .
But organisers of the Great Australian Internet Blackout protest say the mandatory internet filter will not protect children from harmful content on the internet and will waste taxpayers ' money .
Spokesman Jeff
Waugh says the filter could put Australia in company with China .
" Filtering is a serious problem and it poses quite a threat to freedom for countries like China , " he said .
" But it is quite scary [ that Australia ] would be joining countries like China and Iran that would be filtering the net . "
The Greens say their website will fade to black today as part of the nationwide protest .
Upon visiting the site , a box containing information about the internet blackout appears and the background is dimmed , but the site returns to normal after just one mouse click .
Greens Senator Scott Ludlam says he believes more than 500 websites will take part .
" That 's basically all the device is - the blackout is n't designed to take the website offline or to make it completely illegible , " he said .
" But any time you visit that website that black screen is going to come up first and remind you what 's going on .
" We 'll support any community initiative that raises awareness about the issue and helps educate people about what 's actually proposed . "
He said he would not have been able to persuade his colleagues take The Greens fully offline .
" I think the Communications Minister would probably be quite chuffed if we took The Greens website offline for a week or a day , " he said .
" It 's not going to change the world ... it 's not a massive act of civil disobedience or anything , it 's just a quirky little device . "
There is no better way to take the temperature of Arab politics than to examine the state of the Muslim Brotherhood , the most powerful religiously - organised opposition movement in Egypt and the Arab world .
With branches in several Arab and Muslim countries , the Brotherhood portrays itself as a more authentic , viable alternative to secular authoritarian rulers and religious extremists of the al - Qaida variety .
The recent election of a new leader , however , has utterly discredited those claims and exposed a serious rift within the 81 - year - old Islamic organisation .
After weeks of internal turmoil and infighting , the Brotherhood announced that it has chosen Mohammed Badie , an ultra-conservative veterinarian , as its eighth supreme leader since its founding in 1928 , along with 16 members of its highest executive policy - setting " guidance bureau " .
Members of the old guard like Mahmoud Izzat , secretary general and gatekeeper of the Brotherhood 's finances and secrets , and Mohammed Akif , former supreme leader , who oppose opening up the organisation and democratising its decision - making , gained the upper hand .
Ignoring the wishes of many younger members who called for transparency and respect for electoral rules , Izzat , Arif and their cohorts shoved the secretly - arranged results down the throats of opposition .
Resigning in protest , ex-deputy leader Mohammed Habib publicly accused the old guard of violating the Brotherhood 's regulations and illegally engineering Badie 's selection .
" The future of the movement is at stake " , said Habib in a revealing interview in the Egyptian newspaper , al - Masry al - Youm .
Habib 's complaints revealed a deepening power struggle between conservative men in their 70s and 80s and a younger generation from the 1970s with reformist tendencies .
Badie 's election shows clearly the dominance of the old guard – a coherent but a dwindling ideologically - inclined group of Muslim Brothers most of whom were members of the late Sayyid Qutb 's 1965 paramilitary network .
Qutb , master ideologue and theoretician of radical Islamism known as jihadism , was executed by the Nasser regime in 1966 .
The Brotherhood renounced violence in the late 1960s .
Many of Qutb 's followers like Izzat , Akif , and Badie spent about a decade in Egyptian prison camps and ever since their release in the mid-1970s have exercised a stranglehold over this influential social movement .
Although highly regarded as a professor of veterinary pathology , Badie possesses no intellectual and political vision to lead the outlawed Brotherhood in an open and inclusive fashion .
His most notable characteristic is absolute obedience to the powers - that - be within the organisation ( Izzat and Akif ) and aversion to reforms .
A low key man with an awkward demeanor , Badie 's election is designed to maintain the status quo .
The reformist wing , which calls for transparency and joining ranks with the small , but active , secular opposition , has therefore suffered a major setback .
In addition , reformist - minded heavyweights like Abdel Moneim Abul Futouh and ex-deputy Habib lost their seats in the guidance bureau , a hard blow .
Futouh is the most forward - looking , and someone on whom progressive young Muslim Brothers and outsiders had pinned their hopes for change .
His removal shifts the balance of power further in favour of hardliners like Izzat who oppose a more active role in the political arena and wants to preserve the internal cohesiveness and unity of the organisation .
What this means is that in the next five years , the Brotherhood will be more preoccupied with increasing its membership , already more than a million strong , than lending a helping hand to the opposition to bring about peaceful change in Egypt .
The new leadership will refrain from provoking the Mubarak regime which has recently cracked down hard on the Brotherhood and imprisoned hundreds of its members .
" We reaffirm that the Brotherhood is not an adversary to the regime , " Badie said at a press conference immediately after the announcement , sending an early signal of reconciliation to the authorities .
In fact , the Mubarak regime is the main beneficiary of the triumph of isolationist hardliners within the Brotherhood .
Sidelining itself , the Islamic organisation will no longer threaten the dominance of the National Ruling party in October 's parliamentary elections , which will pave the way , many Egyptians say , for the succession of Mubarak 's son , Gamal .
Although banned and harassed , in 2005 the Brotherhood garnered a fifth of the 454 seats in the current Egyptian parliament .
The next largest opposition party has six seats .
Despite its claims to the contrary , the Brotherhood leadership has failed the test of transparency and accountability .
Surely , a political movement that is internally closed and authoritarian cannot be trusted to practice democracy , if and when it gains power .
One would hope that reformists like Futouh will weather this painful defeat and save the Brotherhood from self - destruction .
A convincing argument can be made that the Brotherhood and the Mubarak regime are two sides of the same coin .
The tragedy of Arab politics is that the secular ruling elite and the powerful Islamic opposition are illiberal and undemocratic .
There is no viable third force on the Arab horizon that offers a light at the end of the dark tunnel .
Librarians are being asked to help police kids ' events and other gatherings on their premises to make sure the brands of corporations like Coke and McDonald 's get exclusive play during the 2010 Olympics .
From Olympic Ideals to Corporate Blitz : A Brief History read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
An internal memo obtained by The Tyee advises Vancouver Public Library branches to protect Olympic sponsors .
" Do not have Pepsi or Dairy Queen sponsor your event , " read guidelines sent to VPL branch heads and supervisory staff last fall .
" Coke and McDonald 's are the Olympic sponsors .
If you are planning a kids ' event and approaching sponsors , approach McDonald 's and not another well - known fast - food outlet . "
' Do 's and Don'ts '
With less than a month until Vancouver 's Games , local branches may decide to join the excitement .
They might plan an event linked to the torch relay .
Or organize a community celebration .
Just in case , VPL manager of marketing and communications Jean Kavanagh came up with an extensive list of " Do's and Don'ts . "
It was sent out sometime last October or November , she said .
" As the Games get close it 's kind of a reminder to people as they 're doing events of some things to keep in mind , " she told The Tyee Monday .
The guidelines apply mainly to highly visible gatherings with 30 or more people .
Branches are advised to " ensure all equipment / goods meets VANOC 's sponsorship brand requirements for things like food , clothing , merchandise . "
The rules are very specific .
It 's fine if a Telus employee agrees to be a speaker at a library - organized event .
But staff can't forget Bell is the official sponsor .
They should make sure the guest removes his or her Telus jacket , the memo advises .
Tape over other labels
The same care must be taken for audio-visual equipment .
The branch should try to get devices made by official sponsor Panasonic .
Should staff only be able to find Sony equipment , the solution is simple .
" I would get some tape and put it over the ' Sony , ' " Kavanagh said .
" Just a little piece of tape . "
Other rules help solve potential sponsor dilemmas .
" If you are approaching businesses in your area for support and there is a Rona and Home Depot , go to Rona .
If there 's only a Home Depot do n't approach them as Rona is the official sponsor .
Try other small businesses , " the memo reads .
As The Tyee reported last week , corporate sponsorship is a fundamental reality of the Olympics .
Multinational firms spend tens of millions of dollars to market themselves through the Games .
Domestic and international sponsorship revenue pays for more than half of VANOC's $ 1.75 billion operating budget .
When Vancouver won the Games in 2003 , it signed agreements with the International Olympic Committee to bolster sponsor rights .
In 2007 , the federal government gave VANOC " considerable powers " to protect the Games brand .
Local signage legislation led to legal action against the city of Vancouver last fall .
' VANOC did not ask us to do this '
" The Library is a City department and we need to ensure our activities follow the correct protocols as the Host City , " Kavanagh wrote in an email Monday morning .
She denied receiving direction from Olympics organizers when she created the VPL guidelines .
" This has nothing to do with VANOC , " she said later in an interview .
" VANOC did not ask us to do this . "
Same goes for the city , she added .
Kavanagh maintained she relied on her own knowledge and initiative .
" People are just glad to have good information , " she said .
" You do n't want to plan something if there 's going to be a major problem . "
The Tyee asked if major problems -- for example , a Pepsi - sponsored library event -- would have major consequences .
" You 're fishing around for something that 's not there , " she replied .
" We have a very good relationship with VANOC . "
City of Vancouver spokesperson Lesli Boldt said she has n't seen the memo .
" I do n’t think the city advised the library .
They have their own sponsorship policy , " she said .
Calls to Olympics organizers were not returned by posting time .
It ’s not everyday a giggle - inducing scandal is uncovered , especially in Sony ’s homeland of Japan .
But attendees of viewing for Kara no Kyoukai over at a Sendai cinema did exactly that .
As it turns out , some Japanese movie theaters have completely transcended the use of film projectors in favor of PlayStation 3s .
The audience that was watching Kara no Kyoukai was unexpectedly interrupted by the appearance of the PS3 ’s XMB , warning the projectionist to stop messing around and recharge their Sixaxis controller .
As word spread through 2 ch - watching blogs , it turned out that a number of theaters actually rely on this method , and for one particular reason .
The flicks were being played off the PS3 hard drives , not Blu-ray players .
It ’s hard to say then whether these movies were even obtained legally , but we suspect it was merely a cost - saving measure on the studios ’ part .
Even more surprising was that the quality was indistinguishable from typical film stock .
And who knows .
Maybe American theaters will start doing the same .
We just hope they keep their controllers plugged in while they ’re at it .
[ Source ]
Stunning .
Just stunning .
The San Diego Chargers ' run to the Super Bowl has been stopped and they have themselves to blame .
San Diego entered this game as the hottest team in the NFL .
The Chargers had won 11 straight games to end the season .
They came out Sunday and were sloppy on offense and unreliable in the kicking game .
That never happens .
But it happened Sunday and the Chargers ' Super Bowl dreams have suddenly been dashed .
The loss will be remembered for three missed field goals by All - Pro kicker Nate Kaeding .
Two misses were from within 40 yards .
Kaeding had made 29 straight field goals from within 40 yards .
Two interceptions by stellar quarterback Philip Rivers in the second half also contributed to the loss .
The Chargers just gave away a solid chance to go to the Super Bowl .
The $ 350,000 Lexus LFA was one of the most buzz - generating vehicles at the ultra-luxury " Gallery " exhibit during the North American International Auto Show in Detroit this week .
Coined the " two - seat supercar " by Lexus , the vehicle sits at the top of Lexus 's " F " portfolio , its line of high - end sports performance vehicles .
But simply having the $ 350,000 to buy one of the 500 LFAs Lexus plans to produce wo n't be enough : Buyers must be tapped by the company to be owners .
People selected to purchase the car will be based on factors ...
SAN FRANCISCO – The first ever global map of Mercury was released here Tuesday at the American Geophysical Union meeting .
The map combines new observations from the Messenger spacecraft with earlier images captured by Mariner 10 in the 1970s .
Messenger completed the last of its three flybys of the planet on September 29th .
The release of the map marks a new phase of the mission for the spacecraft , which will now orbit the sun 's innermost planet for a year .
The U.S. Geological Survey built the map from 917 images of variable resolution and lighting conditions , but sophisticated software was able to match up planetary features from different images to create the near seamless mosaic .
* Citation : AGU Poster .
" Near Global Mosaic of Mercury " by K. J. Becker ; M. S. Robinson ; T. L. Becker ; L. A. Weller ; S. Turner ; L. Nguyen ; C. Selby ; B. W. Denevi ; S. L. Murchie ; R. L. McNutt ; S. C. Solomon .
*
* Image : USGS .
Large , Extra Large , and Ridiculously Huge version of this image available at the USGS Astrogeology Center . *
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Donations to faith - based aid groups are soaring and believers get a great deal of just credit for stepping up to help in Haiti .
Now unbelievers want the world to know they 're just as caring .
The champion of unbelief Richard Dawkins , Britain 's star atheist scientist , has announced he 'll personally cover the PayPal fees ( up to $ 10,000 ) for donations to two non-religious relief groups -- Doctors without Borders and the Red Cross -- through a newly established site called Unbelievers Giving Aid .
The twin goals at the site are are first , to help Haiti , and second to " counter the scandalous myth that only the religious care about their fellow - humans . "
While others debate if it 's
God or the devil that caused the quake , the atheists and skeptics here say the natural world is ...
... " supremely indifferent to human affairs and sadly indifferent to human suffering .
Those of us who understand this reality are sometimes accused of being indifferent to that suffering ourselves .
Of course the very opposite is the truth : we do not hide behind the notion that earthly suffering will be rewarded in a heavenly paradise , nor do we expect a heavenly reward for our generosity : the understanding that this is the only life any of us have makes the need to alleviate suffering even more urgent .
Regular F&R readers might recall that earlier this year we saw that unbelievers were among the fund - raising leaders at Kiva , the international Internet person - to - person micro-lending site .
When I checked in July , the unbelievers were leading other special interest groups including churches , raising funds to uplift the world 's poorest .
For the past nine months , Wall Street critics have painted a damning picture of the housing bubble as the product of deregulation and reduced governmental oversight .
To read the Obama administration 's new financial sector regulation overhaul proposal , the government did n't have anything to do with the current crisis .
According to this view , our economy would n't be facing a recession with almost 10 percent unemployment if the government had been more involved with the market .
This picture is about as historically accurate as the famous portrait Washington Crossing the Delaware .
On Wednesday , President Obama laid out his vision for changing the way Wall Street does business .
From creating a council to oversee systemic risk to expanding the powers of the Federal Reserve to requiring hedge fund and private equity pools to register with the SEC for the first time , the proposal is a massive regulatory expansion .
Along with the president 's speech , the White House released an 89 - page " white paper " with all the nitty gritty details that make government bureaucracy so much fun .
For instance , here 's a real sentence from the proposal :
Last year , the IASB and FASB reiterated their objective of achieving broad convergence of IFRS and U.S. GAAP by the end of 2010 , which is a necessary precondition under the SEC 's proposed roadmap to adopt IFRS .
Government clarity at its finest .
( See here for a breakdown and explanation of the whole proposal . )
The core problem of the regulatory proposal is its view of the causes of the crisis .
Everything is built on a belief that the market failed and that deregulation created a system of excessive risk and irresponsibility .
Ironically , it was government action that created incentives for financial firms to be less risk adverse , not a lack of regulation .
As Washington prepares to debate regulatory overhaul this summer , it is more important than ever to wrestle the myth of deregulation to the ground .
Given all the talk of deregulation , you would expect to find dozens of deregulating laws put in place over the past few years .
Surprisingly , there have only been three major deregulatory actions in the past 30 years .
Ultimately , the data points to bad regulation as complicit in the creation of the financial crisis , not deregulation .
The modern era's first major Wall Street deregulation was the Depository Institutions Deregulation and Monetary Control Act of 1980 .
This law repealed so - called " Regulation Q ceilings " that limited the amount of interest consumers could earn from savings and checking accounts .
The law also expanded the types of financial institutions that could get overnight loans from Fed discount windows .
Since letting banks pay interest to their customers encourages saving , this aspect of deregulation certainly can't be blamed .
And though it could be argued that more financial institutions borrowing money partially allowed for the housing bubble , that money was being borrowed from the government — hardly deregulation .
And that does n't even begin to address the fact that there have been multiple recessions and bubbles since this law was passed .
The second major deregulation was the Garn - St. Germain Depository Institutions Act of 1982 .
This authorized banks to compete with money market mutual funds .
( Ironically , this bill was co-sponsored by then - Rep. Charles Schumer , a key lawmaker driving the current regulatory overhaul . )
Garn -St. Germain has been linked to today 's crisis because it loosened restrictions on issuing mortgages , allowing for the eventual development of subprime loans .
However , it was n't Garn - St. Germain specifically that created a subprime mortgage riddled bubble — it was the surrounding body of poorly designed , bad regulations that created perverse incentives .
Garn -St. Germain should have allowed banks more freedom to compete while also clarifying the role of the FDIC .
But it failed , along with other regulations , to outline the role of the government in the case of financial institution failure .
As a result , the implicit government guarantee for firms " too big to fail " skewed the risk assessment process that aids market efficiency .
The promise of rescue was much more damaging than loosened lending standards .
It is worth noting that the impact of Garn - St. Germain has also been blamed for causing the Savings and Loan Crisis by allowing certain financial institutions , thrifts , to gamble with taxpayer insured investments .
But in this case there was an implicit government rescue guarantee for massive failure that encouraged high - risk taking .
The third deregulation blamed for causing the financial crisis is the repeal of the famed Glass - Steagall Act in 1999 .
This law , passed in 1933 , had kept deposit - bearing banks and investment banks from competing for over six decades .
After this repeal , banks were able to maximize their resources and many grew large enough to be classified too big to fail .
However , they really were too entwined to fail , and the problems came with fringe regulations related to the interconnectedness of financial institutions .
Had mark - to - market regulations been more flexible banks would have had more time to raise capital and sell assets .
Had Wall Street firms not seen Washington as a lender of last resort that would bail out investments gone awry , they would have managed their risk better .
Had capital reserve ratios been higher banks and investment institutions would have had more liquidity when prices dropped ( though some firms , like AIG , simply became insolvent and would n't have been saved by higher reserves ) .
Or , if qualified special purpose entities — an off - balance sheet accounting method — had required more transparency , banks would have had to keep more risky mortgages on their books , subject to reserve requirements .
Indeed , even if these three deregulations had no caveats explaining away their supposed link to the current financial crisis , they would still hardly constitute a historical trend .
In contrast , historical periods of high regulation have proven decidedly unfavorable .
Financial sector regulation during the 1970s was much heavier than today , and that did not prevent stagflation , with unemployment reaching nine percent in May 1975 and inflation nearly topping 14 percent .
Similarly , Europe currently boasts some of the world 's tightest financial sector regulations , and its banks have suffered just as much , if not more than American banks in this recession .
European banks made the same bad bets , the same poor investments , and the same over - leveraged mistakes — despite more regulation and government oversight .
None of this is to say that there should n't be regulatory change .
The current regulation framework creates plenty of perverse incentives that stem from outdated rules .
There is much to be desired in terms of governmental transparency and clarity .
However , the answer is not increased layers of government oversight .
Giving regulators increased oversight of hedge funds , forcing the standardization of derivatives , or creating a systemic risk council will cause more harm than any good .
Neither will expanding the Fed 's powers ex post facto .
Richard Fisher , President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas , told the Wall Street Journal last month that regulators had enough authority to prevent a crisis .
They simply failed to do so .
A far more prudential regulatory response is to fix broken rules — like the government has done with mark - to - market — and to have regulating agencies do a better job of oversight for 21st Century financial products .
In a world of continually innovative investment strategies , flexible regulation from a loose government hand will prove most beneficial to a sustainable economy .
The worst thing Washington could do is buy into the false history of phony deregulation and create more oppressive rules and stifling agencies that extend our economic struggles .
Anthony Randazzo is a policy analyst for Reason Foundation .
Read his Reason archive here .
Obama Administration Prepares Iran Sanction Options
Created : December 21 , 2009 06:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
President Obama accepts the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo on Dec. 10 . ( Guido Ohlenbostel / Action Press / ZUMA Press )
A year ’s worth of diplomatic outreach to Iran is on the verge of eclipse , thanks to consistent Iranian refusals to accept President Obama ’s offers for a new relationship .
As a result , Obama administration officials and their international partners are preparing a package of economic sanctions against Iran for 2010 .
They prefer to work through the United Nations Security Council , but are prepared to work around it if necessary .
Absent a major diplomatic breakthrough in the next few days , new sanctions are considered a near inevitability .
Two senior administration officials , Undersecretary of the Treasury Stuart Levey and Undersecretary of State William Burns , have for months quietly assembled working groups across the government to determine what a sanctions package might contain .
The groups examine Iranian vulnerabilities across a variety of economic sectors , “ everything from energy to IRGC [ the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps , an influential and ideological branch of the Iranian military ] to financial sector ” activity , said a knowledgeable U.S. official who requested anonymity to discuss the unsettled contours of administration policy .
The House of Representatives last week approved a bill giving Obama new authority to enact additional unilateral sanctions on Iran ’s energy imports .
[ Security 1 ]
The goal of the new sanctions will be “ what is doable ” in terms of attracting international support , the U.S. official said , and what “ can change Iranian behavior , ” particularly over Iran ’s nuclear program , which the United States and its allies fear is designed to yield a nuclear weapon .
The U.S. has placed a variety of trade sanctions on Iran ever since a largely anti-American regime came to power in Iran in 1979 .
Those sanctions have failed to moderate or influence Iranian behavior , largely because they are uncoordinated with Iran ’s trading partners — something the Obama administration wishes to rectify with new multilateral sanctions .
As much as Obama has said he wanted to explore a new relationship with Iran , Obama said also that even unsuccessful good - faith diplomatic outreach would help bring reluctant nations in line with more punitive U.S. measures .
“ If we show ourselves willing to talk and to offer carrots and sticks in order to deal with these pressing problems — and if Iran then rejects any overtures of that sort — it puts us in a stronger position to mobilize the international community to ratchet up pressure on Iran , ” he said in Israel in April 2008 .
In late November , the International Atomic Energy Agency ’s Board of Governors voted to censure Iran for its lack of transparency over the program , a move seen as a prelude to a concerted international sanctions effort .
Both China and Russia , the two permanent members of the U.N. Security Council least traditionally inclined toward punitive measures on Iran , voted for the censure .
Unless the Iranians unexpectedly accept a deal pushed by the U.S. and its allies before the end of the year to reprocess most of its uranium into a form unsuitable for a weapon , the sanctions push will begin in February , when France , whose government has harshly criticized Iranian nuclear intransigence , assumes its presidency of the Security Council .
Still , it is unclear whether the United States and its allies will be able to secure Chinese and Russian support for the sanctions .
“ The administration is more optimistic than in the past and thinks we ’ve moved them in the right direction , ” said a U.S. official , who still declined to predict that the two countries would support sanctions .
According to both U.S. and European diplomats , a move in the Security Council authorizing sanctions — or even merely condemning Iran on its nuclear activities — would clear the way for a coalition of nations to enforce a sanctions package .
A European diplomat who spoke on the condition of anonymity said the Security Council resolution itself was as important as convincing Iran ’s major trading partners to back sanctions .
“ Iran ’s trade partners , particularly the EU , will add their own layers of sanctions , ” the diplomat said .
“ Some countries will want at least a Security Council resolution to take their own sanctions , ” naming South Korea , Japan and the United Arab Emirates .
Those countries , along with the European Union , China , India and Russia , make up the vast majority of Iran ’s international trading partners .
Among the most controversial of Obama ’s positions in the 2008 presidential campaign was his pledge to pursue diplomacy without preconditions with traditional U.S. adversaries like Iran .
That effort included at least one private letter from Obama addressed personally to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the supreme Iranian leader , but was met only with rebuke .
Administration officials had said throughout 2009 that they were pursuing a “ dual track ” approach to Iran — diplomatic outreach , combined with more punitive measures in the event outreach was unrequited — but the U.S. official admitted it was bitter to come to terms with Iranian rejection .
“ It was disappointing , ” the official said .
“ But the thing is that after the June 12th election , everyone was pretty skeptical . ”
The regime ’s willingness to steal the June presidential election not only made it unlikely that it would accept a more productive relationship with the international community , the official continued , but “ people were generally much less excited about engagement because it was so much more unsavory . ”
Iranian dissident leaders have been vocal about their rejection of new international sanctions , fearing that the regime will use them as an excuse for additional pressure on the opposition .
In response to a question from TWI about Iranian popular rejection of the sanctions , Rep. Howard Berman ( D - Calif . ) , the chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs , conceded that sanctions would harm the Iranian people but did not believe that harm should prevent the U.S. from sanctioning Iran .
“ The notion that you are going to have effective sanctions that do n’t impact on the Iranian people , I do n’t understand what that means , ” said Berman , who sponsored a bill that overwhelmingly passed the House Tuesday giving Obama authority to place new unilateral sanctions on Iran .
But the U.S. official conceded that even sanctions focusing on the finances of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps could still have deleterious and problematic effects on the Iranian people .
“ It ’s a fair critique , ” the official said , since sanctions are “ an imperfect tool . ”
Even if the still - undesigned sanctions package attracts widespread international support , it is still unclear how it would compel the Iranian leadership to give up any unacknowledged ambition for nuclear weapons , and the U.S. official said it also unclear at this point what the Obama administration would consider a successful outcome .
The European diplomat framed military action against Iran in opposition to the sanctions , not as their inevitable successor .
“ Some are afraid sanctions are a first step toward a more confrontational mode , but in fact all Europeans have the view that sanctions are a way of avoiding escalation , ” the diplomat said .
For years , the Israelis have threatened to attack Iran over its nuclear program .
But the Obama administration has not fully given up on the idea of a diplomatic breakthrough .
“ Sanctions without outreach – and condemnation without discussion – can carry forward a crippling status quo , ” Obama said when accepting the Nobel Peace Prize on Dec. 10 .
“ No repressive regime can move down a new path unless it has the choice of an open door . ”
Obama did not specifically mention Iran in his speech , but the speech nevertheless gave a window into the administration ’s thinking .
“ The door will always remain open , ” the U.S. official said .
“ Sanctions are not an end onto itself .
They are a means to an end of changing Iranian behavior and the administration is very aware of the trap of falling into a situation where sanctions become the goal and we forget the real goal . ”
Japanese researchers have built Diego - san , the world ’s creepiest robotic baby .
Standing 4.2 - feet tall and weighing in at 66 - pounds , this robot “ has about 20 moving parts so that it can communicate with facial expression without being able to talk . ”
Continue reading for one more picture .
… and can stand up from a chair on its own .
It can hold a water bottle with its hand .
It has a high resolution camera and 6 axis acceleration sensor built in to detect movement .
Way back before programs like Photoshop roamed the earth , creating pictures on computers was far from a straightforward process .
To make things a little bit easier , Apple released a Graphics Tablet in 1979 which enabled users to draw on the tablet with a wired stylus pen and transfer those creations over to their computer .
The original asking price ?
$ 650 .
The image above is of the original Apple Graphics Tablet released in 1979 .
At the time , the Apple II plus was the latest and greatest desktop computer offered by Apple .
Interestingly enough , one of the first computer paint programs ever created ran on the Apple II in conjunction with Apple ’s Graphics Tablet .
The software was titled , “ Utopia Graphics System , ” and believe it or not , was developed by musician Tod Rundgren .
The Graphics Tablet , however , was n’t exactly a runaway hit as it was subsequently discontinued when the FCC found that it caused radio frequency interference problems .
Apple went back to the drawing board , and in 1983 , it released a second iteration of the graphics tablet , which was right around the time when the Apple IIe was in production .
Admittedly , a stylus / tablet combo seems like a rudimentary I/O device by today ’s standards , but remember that this tablet hit the market years before the mouse became popularized with the release of the original Macintosh in 1984 .
And in case you were wondering , the dimensions of Apple ’s first tablet measured 3 / 4 in x 15 1/2 in x 15 3/4 in .
And delving even further into Apple ’s tablet history , the ad below appeared in Apple ’s 1981 Spring catalog and touted the Apple Graphics Tablet along with above - mentioned Utopia software .
It reads ,
The Apple Graphics Tablet turns your Apple II system into an artist ’s canvas .
The tablet offers an exciting medium with easy to use tools and techniques for creating and displaying pictured / pixelated ??
information .
When used with the Utopia Graphics Tablet System , the number of creative alternatives available to you multiplies before your eyes .
The Utopia Graphics Tablet System includes a wide array of brush types for producing original shapes and functions , and provides 94 color options that can generate 40 unique brush shades .
The Utopia Graphics Tablet provides a very easy way to create intricate designs , brilliant colors , and animated graphics .
The back of the device looks like ….
well , let ’s just say that Apple ’s design prowess has come a long way .
Below is a reference manual for the first Apple Graphics Tablet , from 1979 .
And check out the bottom left – the first indication that Snow Leopard was in the works dates back 30 years !
Some more tablet shots …
Please see the Chromium security page for more detail .
Note that the referenced bugs may be kept private until a majority of our users are up to date with the fix .
' They Really Do Smell Like Blood ' Among Hitler 's Executioners on the Eastern Front
As a young woman , Annette Schücking - Homeyer served as a Red Cross volunteer on the Eastern Front in Ukraine .
In an interview with SPIEGEL , the retired judge discusses the horrors committed against the Jews there , how everyone knew about them and why , even after the war , most people just wanted to forget .
If Republicans will study the returns from Massachusetts , then review the returns from Virginia and New Jersey , light will fall upon the path to victory over Barack Obama in 2012 .
Obama defeated John McCain by winning the black vote 24 to one , the Hispanic vote two to one and taking a larger share of the white vote , 44 percent , than did John Kerry or Al Gore .
As the white vote was three - fourths of the national turnout , Obama coasted to victory .
Now consider Massachusetts .
In the 2008 election , no less than 79 percent of the voters were white , and Obama carried them by 20 points , winning the state 62 to 36 .
How did Scott Brown turn that 26 - point deficit into a six - point victory ?
By winning the white vote as massively as did Obama .
While there are no exit polls to prove it , we do have exit polls from Virginia and New Jersey , which tend to corroborate it .
Bob McDonnell won the Virginia governor ’s race by 17 , while McCain lost Virginia by six .
As McDonnell did equally poorly with African - Americans , losing the black vote 90 to nine , while McCain ’s lost it 92 to eight , what explains his Virginia landslide ?
“ What the McDonnell , Christie , and Brown victories teach is that the GOP should stop listening to the Wall Street Journal and start listening to these forgotten Americans . ”
The white vote .
McDonnell won Virginia ’s white vote 68 to 32 , though his opponent was a downstate Democrat more conservative than the Northern Virginia candidates he beat in the primary .
In New Jersey , same story .
McCain won 8 percent of the black vote .
Gov. Chris Christie won 8 percent of the black vote .
How did Christie turn a McCain loss of New Jersey by 16 points into a five - point victory ?
The white vote .
McCain won the white vote in New Jersey 50 to 49 , but Christie won the white vote 59 to 34 , almost two to one .
Republicans have won three major races — two of them upsets and one a Massachusetts miracle — because the white share of the vote in all three rose as a share of the total vote , and Republicans swept the white vote in Reagan - like landslides .
What explains the white surge to the GOP ?
First , sinking white support for Obama , seen as ineffectual in ending the recession and stopping the loss of jobs .
Second , a growing perception that Obama is biased .
When the president blurted that the Cambridge cops and Sgt. James Crowley “ acted stupidly ” in arresting black Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates — a rush to judgment that proved wrong — his support sank in white America and especially in Massachusetts , where black Gov. Deval Patrick joined in piling on Crowley .
Deval is now in trouble , too .
Then there was Obama ’s appointment of Puerto Rican American Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court .
Her militant support for race and ethnic preferences and her decision to deny Frank Ricci and the white firefighters of New Haven a hearing on their case that they were denied promotions they won in competitive exams because they were white caused 31 GOP senators to vote against her .
While Massachusetts is Democrat over Republican three to one , Reagan carried the state in 1984 and Hillary Clinton clobbered Obama in the 2008 primary , though the Kennedys were in Obama ’s corner .
The Scott Brown Democrats were the Hillary Democrats were the Reagan Democrats .
But if McDonnell , Christie and Brown could roll up large enough shares of the white vote to win in three major states McCain lost , why did McCain lose all three ?
Answer :
In 2008 , the working and middle class had had a bellyful of the Bush - McCain Republicans .
They were seen as pro-amnesty for illegal aliens and pro-NAFTA , when U.S. workers had watched 5 million manufacturing jobs disappear in a decade — and reappear in China .
They were willing to give Obama a chance because Obama had persuaded them by November he was not just another big-spending utopian liberal .
So what have Obama and Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi been doing for a year ?
Crafting a federal takeover of health care with a vast plan that provides coverage for the uninsured — most of whom are minorities — while sticking it to Medicare recipients , 80 percent to 90 percent of whom are white .
Immigrants are 21 percent of the uninsured , but only 7 percent of the population .
This means white folks on Medicare or headed there will see benefits curtailed , while new arrivals from the Third World , whence almost all immigrants come , get taxpayer - subsidized health insurance .
Any wonder why all those Tea Party and town - hall protests seem to be made up of angry white folks ?
What the McDonnell , Christie , and Brown victories teach is that the GOP should stop listening to the Wall Street Journal and start listening to these forgotten Americans .
An end to affirmative action and ethnic preferences , an end to bailouts of Wall Street bankers , a moratorium on immigration until unemployment falls to 6 percent , an industrial policy that creates jobs here and stops shipping them to China appear a winning hand in 2012 .
COPENHAGEN ( AP ) 
The police foiled an attempt to kill an artist who drew a cartoon depicting the Prophet Muhammad that sparked outrage in the Muslim world , the head of Denmark ’s intelligence service said Saturday .
Jakob Scharf , who heads PET , the Danish intelligence service , said a 28 - year - old Somalia man was armed with an ax and a knife when he tried to enter the home of the artist , Kurt Westergaard , in Aarhus on Friday evening .
The attack on Mr. Westergaard , whose rendering was among 12 that led to the burning of Danish diplomatic offices in predominantly Muslim countries in 2006 , was “ terror related , ” Mr. Scharf said in a statement .
“ The arrested man has according to PET ’s information close relations to the Somali terrorist group , Al Shabab , and Al Qaeda leaders in eastern Africa , ” he said .
A deep - sea snail wears a multilayered suit of armor , complete with iron , new research shows .
Dissecting details of the shell 's structure could inspire tough new materials for use in everything from body armor to scratch - free paint .
" If you look at the individual properties of the bits and pieces that go into making this shell , they 're not very impressive , " comments Robert Ritchie of the University of California , Berkeley .
" But the overall thing is . "
The snail , called the scaly - foot gastropod , was discovered nearly a decade ago living in a hydrothermal vent field in the Indian Ocean .
In its daily life , the snail encounters extreme temperatures , high pressures and high acidity levels that threaten to dissolve its protective shell .
Worse , it is hunted by crabs that try to crush the mollusk between strong claws .
To understand how the valiant gastropod holds up to these trials , Christine Ortiz of MIT and her colleagues used nanoscale experiments and computer simulations to dig in to the shell 's structure .
Many other species ' shells exhibit what Ortiz calls " mechanical property amplification , " in which the whole material is hundreds of times stronger than the sum of its parts .
The scaly - foot snail 's shell employs a structure " unlike any other known mollusk or any other known natural armor , " the researchers report January 19 in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Ortiz and her colleagues found that the shell consists of a 250 - micrometer - thick inner layer of aragonite , a common shell material , sheathed in a 150 - micrometer - thick layer of squishy organic materials .
The organic layer is encased in a thin , stiff outer layer ( about 30 micrometers thick ) made of hard iron sulfide –based scales .
The gastropod wears larger versions of the scales on its exposed foot .
" Most mollusks only have a relatively thin outer organic layer followed by inner calcified layers , " Ortiz says .
But the snail 's organic layer is surprisingly thick , and no other gastropod has ever been shown to use iron sulfide in its shell .
Each of the shell 's layers plays a unique role in protecting the snail from crab attacks , Ortiz found .
The researchers measured material properties like stiffness and fracture resistance , and fed them into a computational model of a predator penetrating the armor .
The model showed that the outer layer , the shell 's " first line of defense , " sacrificed itself by cracking slightly under pressure .
But the cracks were branched and jagged , dissipating energy widely through the shell and keeping any one crack from spreading too far .
The iron - based scales could shift and roughen the shell 's surface during a crab attack , which in turn would grind down the attacking claw , the researchers suggest .
The soft organic middle layer changed shape in response to pressure , keeping the brittle inner layer from feeling too much of the pinch .
Organic material could also insert itself in any cracks that formed in either sandwiching layer and keep the crack from spreading .
Plus , the middle layer together with the outer layer protects against acidic waters and may also help shield the snail from high temperatures .
The shell 's curvature also helped reduce stress on the calcified inner layer .
The inner layer 's rigidity provided structural support , to keep the whole shell from caving in .
" It shows that by changing the geometry of the materials … you can improve their properties quite significantly , " comments Markus Buehler of MIT , who was not involved in the research .
Ortiz hopes that studying the snail 's shell could one day lead to improved materials for armor or helmets for people .
Studying organisms that have been optimized for extreme environments through millions of years of evolution could offer ideas that engineers would never think of on their own , she says .
But it will probably be a while , Ritchie cautions .
His lab built a ceramic material based on mother - of - pearl in 2008 .
" I'm a great fan of this kind of research , but the next step is the critical one .
Can you actually harness that information and make a synthetic structure in its image which has the same properties ? " he asks .
" That 's the most difficult step . "
Images : 1 ) Anders Warén , Swedish Museum of Natural History , Stockholm , Sweden .
2 ) Zina Deretsky , National Science Foundation .
See Also :
This blog post is intended to sabotage any chance that I ’ll get a “ normal ” software - engineering job , because I do n’t think I could ever go back to a “ normal ” job .
I ’ve become used to extraordinary jobs , not “ normal ” jobs .
The following 10 things , which I hate about software development as practiced in much of the industry , I think will keep me from ever being successful or happy in a “ normal ” software - development job .
Along with them , I list the antiviruses that I hope will help me avoid these diseases , if I need to go back into software development , even temporarily .
Incompetent managers .
Software development managers in general graduated from being software developers .
Unfortunately , the skills you need as a developer are different than the skills you need as a manager .
The best manager I ever had was not a particularly good or experienced software developer .
Rather , she treated management as a profession , read books on how to be an effective manager , attended seminars , took classes , and as a result , she was good at her job .
But most software - developers - turned - managers do n’t treat management as a profession .
Instead , some of them become telepaths , who expect you to know what they need without actually telling you ; others become micromanagers , who expect to be able to do all the actual development themselves , using your eyes and hands and brain ; still others become arguers , the worst of both worlds , who instead of letting you do your job , take great pride in pointing out everything they think you did wrong .
So the next software job I take , I will be interviewing and trying managers carefully to make sure they know how to manage , regardless of whether they are good developers .
Snotty developers .
I must confess to going through a snotty phase myself .
It ’s part of growing up .
You have to live as a snot - nosed , young - whippersnapper , green - behind - the - ears code slinger before you can mature into a wizened Yoda figure .
In fact , part of me still may be a snotty developer .
I ’m definitely snotty when it comes to my own work , because I do n’t want anyone telling me how it should be done , as long as I achieve the intended results .
But as someone who ’s been doing this shtick for 20 - something years , I ’ve grown weary of junior colleagues telling me I do n’t know what I ’m talking about .
And when something does n’t work out as well as they thought it should , they persistently maintain that it had nothing to do with them , despite the fact that they had ignored every piece of advice I gave them .
There ’s only one sure - fire remedy I know of for this problem , and that is to insist on a higher rate of pay .
People may balk at paying you through the nose , but when they have to — especially managers — they not only accept your advice , they seek it out , because for the money they ’re paying you , they expect you to solve their problems .
Commoditization .
That is , the devaluation of specialized knowledge .
The most obvious manifestation of this disease is the company who outsources its development to a third - party contract shop in India or Mexico , and then wonders why the project is falling apart at the seams .
A more insidious and pervasive symptom has employers and clients boil a job down to a long list of buzzwords , pattern - match résumés to those buzzwords , interview you to make sure you really do qualify for the buzzwords selected , and then look for the lowest price .
And then they ask you to do everything under the sun , including those tasks that could be handled by a $ 20 / hour contractor from Mexico .
Instead , they ought to be looking for solutions to specific problems or for people to fill specific roles within the organization .
For veteran jobs , that ’s no longer about price , however , because if you ’re specific enough , you ’ll likely find only one or two qualified candidates , if you search for them , and whatever they want to charge you , you ’ll pay .
Again , the only sure - fire antivirus I know of is to demand a higher rate of pay , because for the money they ’re paying you , they wo n’t treat you like a commodity .
Slipshod engineering practices .
I am one of those programmers who actually believe software development is engineering .
Many developers do n’t believe in software engineering , or at most give it only lip - service .
But software engineering is like gravity : you may not believe in it , but the result is the same when you step off that cliff .
Developers who do n’t believe in engineering experience bugs , hold - ups , overwork , and stress .
To account for it , they blame the code , the programmers who worked on the software in the past , their development environment , the operating system …
But they never do anything to fix it , because “ we just do n’t have the time . ”
Note , however , just because developers complain about not having enough time to fix the system does n’t mean they ’re using slipshod engineering practices .
In fact , those developers who do n’t complain are probably the worst offenders .
Often , good developers complain about the code , but it ’s really not that bad , because they ’ve already fixed the worst parts of it , and the problems that are left just stick in their craws .
These are the developers I ’d love to work with .
The quickest way I know of to assess the situation is to look at the code :
Is it well - architected ?
Well - designed ?
Are there unit tests ?
If so , the team is probably using good engineering practices .
Neglect of quality .
By “ quality , ” I do n’t mean over - designed , fluffy , overly glitzy software .
What I mean is , simply , software that works , that satisfies the customer ’s needs , makes the customer swoon , has no bugs , does not constantly poke you in the eye —
” See that ? ! ”
Ow !
“ See that ? ! ”
Hey !
Cut that out !
Quality is important , because it gives a team of engineers a sense of accomplishment , of pride , a healthy morale .
And engineers who value quality will be professional , always improving their craft , always building better and better software .
Again , a quick glance at the codebase should give some idea as to how highly the team values quality , because a quality team will use sound engineering practices .
But you could also look at the finished product , and especially customer comments on the product and its support .
Black - and - white thinking .
Frankly , I hate having my good ideas shot down with dismissive comments like : “ Unit tests do n’t catch every bug . ”
Yeah , but they catch more bugs sooner and cheaper than any other method of testing .
Polarized , black - and - white thinking is actually a sign of depression , of hopelessness , of having given up .
“ My life is n’t perfect ; therefore , I have no reason to live . ”
Sounds silly when put that way .
But how many software teams are in a similar , self - imposed depression ?
“ That technique ca n’t solve all our problems ; therefore , it ’s not even worth trying . ”
Almost every team has a naysayer , but such sentiments can cause actual depression in the more innovative among us , who actually want to better the team and its engineering practices .
The antivirus is simple , if not easy : Early in working with a team , try to find one or two simple process problems and propose simple , direct solutions .
Then sit back and see what happens .
If you get a lot of hemming and hawing and ignoring and naysaying , think about whether you should split .
Focus on establishment .
Humans have a natural need for stability and for camaraderie .
That is , they need to feel like the floor is firm beneath their feet and that there are others on their side .
But in some companies , these tendencies can become dysfunctionally pervasive .
If you continue to do only what you ’ve always done , only what everyone else is doing , you ’ll always be safe from blame .
But humans also innately need to do what they have n’t done before , to stretch their minds , to create .
Because this gives one a sense of purpose .
Rather than playing it safe , we should always be trying new things , and keeping those that work .
But the dysfunctional company focuses on establishment , rather than on results .
The antivirus is similar to that for black - and - white thinking .
Early in the experience , try something new , and then see what happens .
Do it early , before you develop an emotional investment in the project .
It might even be best if the thing you try fails completely , because then you can see how the team handles failure .
Even if your experiment fails , they should not make you feel like a failure for having tried it .
If they do , think about whether you want to stay there .
Ignorance of modern research .
Quick !
Name at least 2 of the 9 teamwork - killers Tom DeMarco and Timothy Lister identified in their landmark work ?
It should be pretty easy , because they identified 7 of those 9 back in 1987 .
That ’s what I mean by “ modern . ”
Here ’s another one :
What 3 characteristics must a software team exhibit in order to have any reasonable chance of success , according to Alistair Cockburn in his research ?
Peopleware ( 2nd ed. 1999 ) and Crystal Clear ’ ( 2005 ) , for starters .
This is what I mean by “ modern . ”
Heck , we might as well even include The Mythical Man-Month in the list , because too many software engineers have never read it , either .
At my next interview , while the development staff are quizzing me on my knowledge of Perl programming , PHP , and JavaScript , I ’ll be sure to quiz them on their knowledge of Demarco and Lister , Cockburn , Schwaber and Beedle , Kent Beck , Michael Feathers — and of course , Frederick Brooks .
The blame game .
Being caught in the blame game can cause stress , exhaustion , demotivation , and depression .
It can also be the source of other maladies , such as black - and - white thinking , as engineers attempt to cope .
Unfortunately , staffers do n’t usually like to talk about the blame game , but a pointed interview question might reveal something .
Something like : “ Tell me about the last , big mistake someone made that cost the company money . ”
What was the fallout ?
Did anyone get yelled at ?
Fired ?
In a perfectly healthy organization , no matter how bad the error was , no one will have gotten yelled at ; rather , it will just be accepted that everyone makes mistakes , because we ’re all human , and the whole team will have looked at the process ( rather than any particular person ) to see how to avoid an analogous oops in the future .
“ Make no mistake , ” Ms. Murkowski said in a floor statement , “ if Congress allows this to happen there will be severe consequences . ”
She said businesses would be forced to close or move overseas , domestic energy production would be curtailed , housing would become more expensive and agricultural costs would rise .
Image Senator Lisa Murkowski is challenging the authority of the Environmental Protection Agency .
Credit ... Ruth Fremson / The New York Times
Her resolution requires a majority vote in the Senate , a remote possibility because of the strong opposition of the Democratic leader , Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , and most other Democrats .
It faces even longer odds in the House .
And then it would require the signature of President Obama , who is all but certain to veto it because it would rob him of a critical regulatory tool .
Ms. Murkowski said that the Obama administration was using the threat of E.P.A. regulation to force Congress to move quickly on broad energy and climate - change legislation , including a complex cap - and - trade program to limit carbon - dioxide pollution .
Ms. Murkowski , the senior Republican on the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources , has nearly unanimous Republican support in addition to the backing of the three Democrats : Senators Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Ben Nelson of Nebraska .
Her effort was applauded by a broad swath of industry , agriculture and energy lobbies , which fear the prospect of what they consider capricious and heavy - handed regulation by the E.P.A .
Home > New Posting > Cultural Etiquette Australia
The People Home to nearly five million immigrants from 160 countries , Australia is rich in cultural diversity .
Australians , or " Aussies , " enjoy an easy - going lifestyle and are generally friendly and relaxed .
Modesty and equality are valued .
Meeting and Greeting Shake hands with everyone present upon meeting and before leaving .
Allow women to offer their hands first .
Women generally do not shake hands with other women .
Use titles , Mr. , Mrs. , and Miss when first introduced .
Australians generally move to a first - name basis quickly .
Still , wait to use first names until invited to do so .
Academic or job - related titles are downplayed .
Body Language
To beckon a waiter use a quiet hand motion .
When yawning , cover your mouth and excuse yourself .
Winking at women is considered rude .
The " V " sign ( made with index and middle fingers , palm facing inward ) is a very vulgar gesture .
The " thumbs up " gesture is also considered obscene .
Corporate Culture Personal relationships are important in the Australian business world .
Connections are valued .
An introduction by an established representative may be helpful in establishing a relationship with an Australian firm .
Australians take punctuality seriously .
If possible , arrive fifteen minutes early for a business meeting .
Australians will quickly get down to business .
Communications will be direct , good - humored and to the point .
Australian businesspeople tend to be pragmatic , efficient and profit - oriented .
They appreciate straight - forward , open presentations .
Australians dislike one - upmanship .
Do n’t overplay qualifications , rank or titles .
Negotiations proceed quickly .
Bargaining is not customary .
Proposals should be presented with acceptable terms .
Leave some allowance for some give and take .
Australians will often negotiate major issues without over - emphasis on details .
However , contracts are generally detailed and firm .
Dining and Entertainment Always arrive on time or a few minutes early for a dinner .
The person who makes the invitation generally pays the bill in restaurants .
However , it is n't unusual for friends to split the bill .
Australians follow continental - style dining etiquette ( fork held in the left hand ; knife in right ) .
Barbecues -- very informal " cook outs " -- are popular in Australia .
Sometimes guests bring their own meat or other items .
The guest of honor is generally seated to the right of host .
Soup should be eaten by moving the spoon away from you , not toward you .
Lay knife / fork parallel on plate at 5:25 position when finished eating .
Keep your hands above the table and elbows off the table .
Offer to help with meal preparation and clean - up when being entertained in a home .
Do not say " I 'm stuffed " after a meal .
This means you are pregnant .
Dress Australians wear fashions similar those worn by Europeans and North Americans
For business , men should wear conservative jackets and ties .
During the summer months , jackets are often removed .
Women should wear skirts and blouses or dresses .
Gifts
It is not customary to exchange business gifts during initial meetings .
When invited to an Australian ’s home , bring a small gift ( flowers , chocolates , or books about your home country or region ) for your hosts .
Australia produces excellent wine .
Taking wine would be like taking sand to the desert .
Helpful Hints Stick with standard English , not Aussie terms .
Aussies dislike class distinctions and have a history of " cutting down the tall poppy . "
This grew out of the Australian prisoners ' hatred of their British overseers .
Many Australian politicians have declined the designation of knighthood for fear of alienating their constituents .
Australians sit in the front seat of a taxi / limousine .
A single passenger sitting in the back seat is viewed as " putting on airs . "
Australians respect people with strong opinions , even if they do n't agree .
Avoid discussions about the treatment of the aboriginal people .
Do n’t comment on anyone 's accent .
Accents often distinguish social class .
If you are teased , you are expected to reply in kind , with good humor .
Such self - confidence will increase an Australian 's respect for you .
They do not admire a subservient attitude .
Do not sniff or blow your nose in public .
Adapted from material compiled by Window on the World , a cross-cultural training and consulting firm .
Originally based on material contained in the " Put Your Best Foot Forward " series of books by Mary Murray Bosrock .
USHCN – U.S. Historic Cimate Network .
I had intended to make a study comparing USHCN ( what was used by GIStemp up until just a couple of months ago , and which “ cut off ” in May of 2007 , leaving only the limited GHCN – Global Historic Climate Network , stations ) to the newer USHCN Version2 ( that I will shorten to USHCN . v2 ) .
The question I was going to answer was “ Did my ‘ eyeball ’ inspection of the data that looked like it had an induced warming trend stand up to analysis ? ”
Well , in comments over on Wattsupwiththat , it looks like another person is already doing that work , and finding an induced warming trend from the “ update ” .
Mike McMillan ( 17:28:30 ) :
I ’ve completed USHCN vs USHCN version 2 blink comparison charts for Wisconsin .
As with the Illinois charts , the majority of stations had their raw data adjusted to show more warming by lowering the temperatures in the first half of the 20th century .
That brings the raw data more in line with the GISS homogenized versions .
I have n’t blinked the original GISS with the new homogenized charts yet , but I ’d bet a nickle they ’ll show even more warming .
Wisconsin original USHCN raw / revised raw data –
http://www.rockyhigh66.org/stuff/USHCN_revisions_wisconsin.htm
Illinois original raw / revised raw –
http://www.rockyhigh66.org/stuff/USHCN_revisions.htm
Revised raw data .
Oxymoron ?
I ’ll still do my comparison study ( as confirmation of his findings , if nothing else .
Independent confirmation is always a good thing ) but just with a bit less urgency .
The charts in his link have a caption that implies this is the GIStemp STEP0 output ( which merges GHCN with USHCN or USHCN .
v2 ) so would be the “ blended ” data for those stations in both .
Luckily , with only 136 USA stations remaining in GHCN , the odds of any one of these being that station or two in that state become quite small .
For all practical purposes , you can treat these graphs as a fairly clean USHCN vs USHCN .
v2 comparison , even if they are not completely pristine comparisons of the data sets directly .
At least now we know that the decision by NASA / GISS to “ put back in the USA thermometers ” was not exactly a benevolent act …
Until just a while ago , GIStemp ran on USHCN ( which had a data cut off in May of 2007 .
This left only GHCN to cover the last 3 years and had such effects as leaving only 4 thermometers in California mostly on the beach and near L.A. )
Well , OK , they put the USA back in , but it sure looks like they had to re-cook the data first .
So now instead of only 1176 thermometers surviving into 2009 in GIStemp , all from GHCN , we will have them plus a couple of thousand in the USA , but with those USA thermometers having been “ adjusted ” to show sufficient warming …
I need to re-run some of the thermometer count reports , but with USHCN .v2 data in the system , and see what it does to the USA numbers .
So now it looks like we ’ll have more than 4 thermometers in California , but though they wo n’t be “ on the beach ” , they will be near a sun lamp … ;-)
BTW , I ’d heard a press release discussed where NOAA / NCDC says that a new revision of GHCN is due out near February that uses the same “ enhanced ” “ corrections ” applied in USHCN .
v2 .
So watch out for a New Improved , and much Warmer Global Temperature History coming to a computer model near you !
Call me old fashioned , but I really liked it better when my history did not keep changing and past temperatures did not require frequent re-writing …
Water companies wait for someone else to take the plunge on smart metering
On the subject of automating mundane processes , a recent study released by Oracle Utilities , a business unit of the software giant , showed that only 7 percent of more than 300 water utilities surveyed have fully implemented advanced metering , a technology that enables two - way communications between customers and a water company via a networked smart meter .
Another 7 percent have begun pilot programs , and a similar number have plans in place to use the new technology .
The technology , similar to that being touted for the nation ’s electricity grid , could enable conservation by providing detailed , real - time data about water usage .
But no one wants to be on the cutting edge of this wave , said Guerry Waters , vice president of industry strategy at Oracle Utilities .
“ What they are waiting for is for some project to get into full implementation so that they can see that everything is going to work , ” Waters said .
The primary concerns about advanced metering include the costs of implementing such a system , security , interoperability and long - term product support in what is now an emerging and proprietary industry .
PLANNING .
DEVELOPMENT .
MARKETING .
Everything you need to get your game on the market and give it a powerful voice .
Boxee 's media player software app promises to free us all from stinky , trashy preprogrammed television by bringing web video 's hassle - free , on - demand , click - to - watch experience onto our HDTVs .
The somewhat clunky alpha release of Boxee 's software has been around since the beginning of the year , but the company took a big step forward with its public debut of the amped - up beta version in early December .
The Boxee beta , which is currently invitation - only but will be made available to all as a free download during the Consumer Electronics
Show the first week of January , improves the stability and the usability of the alpha significantly .
The company will be offering a dedicated set - top box next spring , but the software – which runs on almost any computer – is almost fully cooked .
I 've been testing the new Boxee beta on an Intel Mac Mini hooked up to my HDTV for a little over a week .
Windows and Linux versions are also available .
While I 'm not ready to tell the cable guy to stuff it ( as much as I 'd love to ) , my evenings have been filled with hours of streaming video pulled down from literally scores of online sources .
The quality ranges from watchable to spectacular .
Loads of HD options
Most importantly , the software has opened up a treasure chest of possibilities for my HDTV : cooking shows , travel shows , underwater documentaries , Ze Frank , Cool Hunting , Star Trek and all sorts of classic movies .
Normally , I 'd have to sit at my desk or prop open a laptop to take in this stuff .
But Boxee lets me enjoy it on the big screen while sitting on my couch .
Yes , there are many methods for putting web video on your TV , but Boxee is the most elegant solution I 've seen .
For the beta release , the whole user experience has undergone a slick redesign .
The new Boxee homepage delivers a global menu where you 'll find big icons for all the important stuff – Movies , TV Shows , Apps , Music , Photos and a local file - system browser ( called simply " Files " ) .
There are also direct links to your queue , Boxee 's settings and a " Now Playing " button that immediately takes you back to your full - screen video .
Click on one of the content libraries for TV or movies in the global menu and you 'll see a huge improvement in the way Boxee organizes your available content .
The TV show library , for example , now aggregates all available shows from the web and from your local machine .
Since each show is listed in the library regardless of its source , you no longer have to go into various independent apps – Comedy Central , CBS , Hulu feeds , etc. – to find the shows you want .
You just get a huge list .
Sort it or filter it how you 'd like .
I found it useful to filter out shows that require a paid subscription ( like those from Netflix ) so I would only see the free streams .
Movies are handled the same way .
Picks from Hulu are mixed in with documentaries from other sources and the local files on your hard drive .
Boxee 's homepage hub
The libraries are deep , but all roads lead back to the Boxee homepage .
It 's your hub , and there 's always something fresh waiting for you there .
The global menu takes up the whole top of the homepage .
Below it , a new three - column layout shows your personal queue , a feed of content recommended by your friends ( " Feed " ) and a stack of programming chosen by the Boxee staff ( " Recommended " ) .
To get the most out of the Feed column , you have to follow some other users .
As with Twitter , following is a one - way proposition .
Boxee makes it easy to import your contacts from other services .
I quickly added a bunch of friends , but since the Boxee user base is tiny , I did n't get the flood of awesome suggestions I was expecting .
The Boxee staff seeds the Feed daily with some cool viral videos , however , so even if you do n't " do " social networking ( or if your friends are stooges ) , the Feed is still useful .
Boxee says it will soon let you add suggestions from Twitter and Facebook friends to your Feed .
The Feed column contains mostly shorter clips from YouTube , but the picks in the Recommended column tend to be longer , feature - length videos or HD eye candy like slide shows from NASA and the Big Picture blog .
By clicking around both columns , you can get a taste of what all the cool kids on the web are currently into .
The queue is the best part of the beta 's redesign .
As you cruise around the various libraries within Boxee , you can add to your queue any bit of content that catches your eye .
Then just fire it up and let the streams flow .
After each video , you 're given the option to share it with your Boxee friends or move along to the next item in the queue .
Click , click , click .
There is n't much to say about the revamped Apps area other than that it 's been redesigned to make it easier to browse the available episodes within each channel .
I actually spent less time browsing the content inside the Apps now that the TV library does such a good job aggregating videos from across the whole system .
Improved video playback
Video playback also has been improved .
The expanded controls are easier to use , and the software is more responsive .
You can use a regular handheld remote like the Apple remote to control playback , but it 's clunky .
If you have an iPhone or an Android phone , get one of the free official or third - party Boxee remote apps , which are much more responsive .
The Windows version of Boxee has moved from OpenGL to DirectX , with full hardware graphics acceleration on Nvidia Ion chips .
This makes it possible to play full 1080 p HD videos on relatively inexpensive PC hardware .
I did my tests by hooking my Intel Mac Mini ( 2007 model ) to an Olevia 747i with a DVI - to - HDMI cable .
So even if you have an older , slower machine and a big HDTV , you can run Boxee and get an excellent picture .
It may not be true HD in all cases , but it still looks great .
Some of the full - HD streams ( like Heroes and House ) hiccupped while they played , but when I dialed down my resolution a step to 1280x768 , the stuttering stopped .
Getting surround sound from the Mini involved a painless hack .
Minor problems
One of the big problems I had with Boxee 's alpha release was stability :
The menus would choke often , and the app would freeze a few times a day , requiring a reboot .
The beta is much more stable .
It still crashes , but far less frequently ( and usually without requiring a reboot ) .
My installation of the Boxee beta had a hard time playing discs .
I went through a stack of DVD - Rs filled with .avi files , and Boxee would n't load any of them .
Likewise with .avi and MP4 content streamed across my wireless network .
I found it easier to drag the files onto the local hard drive , where they played flawlessly .
Actual DVDs played OK most of the time , but the subtitles would sometimes switch on , and Boxee would n't let me turn them off .
In those cases , I would have to watch the DVD in Apple 's Front Row .
But Boxee 's goal is n't to replace your DVD player – it's to bring a wealth of streaming web video content to your couch .
And in that role , it truly excels .
Sign up to download the free beta at Boxee.tv , and expect to see it released in early 2010 .
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Smos builds up its map data in strips as it sweeps around the Earth
Europe 's latest Earth observation satellite has returned its first data .
Smos was launched earlier this month on a quest to help scientists understand better how water is cycled around the Earth .
The spacecraft will make the first global maps of the amount of moisture held in soils and of the quantity of salts dissolved in the oceans .
The data will have wide uses but should improve weather forecasts and warnings of extreme events , such as floods .
" Smos is performing like a dream , " said Dr Yann Kerr , a lead investigator on the mission from the Centre for the Study of the Biosphere from Space ( Cesbio ) , Toulouse , France .
" Everything went as clockwork and exactly as expected or better up to now .
We did not expect to have images so soon , " he told BBC News .
The European Space Agency's ( Esa ) Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity ( Smos ) satellite was launched on 2 November .
The mission will run for three years in the first instance
After its initial check - out in orbit , its sole instrument - an interferometric radiometer called Miras - was sent live on Tuesday this week .
The first publicly released image on this page has not been properly calibrated by researchers but they say it proves the instrument is in good shape .
Miras is some eight metres across ; it has the look of helicopter rotor blades .
It measures changes in the wetness of the land and in the salinity of seawater by observing variations in the natural microwave emission coming up off the surface of the planet .
It does this through 69 antennas positioned on a central structure and along the lengths of its three arms .
Generally speaking , the " colder " ( blue ) the " temperature brightness " of the microwave signal , the saltier the water and the wetter the soil ; but a lot of processing will be needed before any real values can be attached to the measurements coming down from Smos .
" Moreover , there seem to be radio frequency interferences ( RFIs ) over China , western Russia and parts of Europe ( the reddish stripes ) , " explained Dr Kerr .
" We will have to tune the reconstruction algorithm before we can reduce or address these . "
Scientists were well aware before launch that RFIs might be a problem .
Smos is operating in the so - called L - band ( 21 cm ) which is supposed to be protected , but pre-flight testing established known interference hotspots , such as airports .
The 315 m - euro ( $ 465 m ; £ 280 m ) Smos programme , although led by Esa , has with significant input from French and Spanish interests .
The satellite is expected to operate for at least three years .
The amount of water retained in soils varies between about 5 % and 50 %
This will cover most conditions from ' bone dry ' to ' mud bath '
Smos sees the entire range with an accuracy of 4 % at the 50 km scale Natural salinity in water covers the range from near zero to 30 %
Drinking water might be one extreme ; salt lakes would be the other extreme Smos is seeking sea waters which are typically in the 3 - 3.5 % range
This needs high accuracy ( 0.01 - 0.02 % ) .
Maps are at the 200 km scale
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DETROIT --
Forget the handshakes and courteous smiles when Detroit and Pittsburgh meet again for the first time since the Red Wings suffered a stunning 2 - 1 loss to the Penguins in Game 7 of the Stanley Cup finals last season .
In this grudge match , there ’s no need for pleasantries .
The rivalry between the Red Wings and Penguins , who ’ve faced off against each other in the finals for the past two seasons , should be in full bloom for NBC ’s “ Game of the Week ” at Mellon Arena on Sunday .
“ It ’s a great showcase for the league , ” Detroit ’s Kris Draper said of the rivalry with Pittsburgh .
“ It ’s a great test for us .
We expect to have a great game .
It ’s going to be a great atmosphere .
It ’s the last two Stanley Cup finals .
They won one , we won one .
There ’s been a lot of great hockey the last couple of years between these two organizations ”
Some great action and some bad blood .
The Red Wings still have n’t forgotten that Pittsburgh captain Sidney Crosby took his time celebrating on the ice at Joe Louis Arena before finally joining the postgame handshake line , which is customary at the conclusion of the series .
He took so long , all but a few of the Red Wings had returned to the locker room .
“ Yeah , there ’s some extra juice for this game , ” Detroit coach Mike Babcock admitted .
The Red Wings ( 26 - 19 - 9 ) , who ’ve battled numerous injuries all season , are limping along in eighth place in the Western Conference standings with 61 points .
They are 2 - 3 - 3 in their past eight games .
The Penguins ( 33 - 21 - 1 ) are fourth in the Eastern Conference with 67 points .
“ I do n’t know if I ’m looking forward to it or not , ” Detroit ’s Henrik Zetterberg said with a crooked smile .
“ It ’s a team we do n’t see a lot in the regular season .
I do n’t think we need a measuring stick right now .
We have our own issues .
We do n’t need to measure ourselves against Pittsburgh . ”
The Penguins are in the midst of an 8 - 11 - 0 slump since Dec. 21 .
If the current trends hold for both teams , there is n’t likely to be a third consecutive Stanley Cup finals meeting between Detroit and Pittsburgh -- although NBC analyst Ed Olczyk cautions not to count either of them out .
“ They will be a dangerous team , tough medicine for any team that might take them on in the Western Conference ( playoffs ) , ” Olczyk said of the Red Wings .
“ It would not surprise me to see both of these teams back in the Stanley Cup finals . ”
Tomas Holmstrom , out since Jan. 6 with a broken foot , was a full participant in practice Saturday and remarked afterward that he anticipated making his return to the ice against the Penguins .
“ It ’s my call , we ’ll see how it feels tomorrow , ” he said .
The coach had different thoughts about Holmstrom ’s tender right foot .
“ I just think watching him ( in practice ) , he was n’t knocking my socks off .
He needs another couple of days off , ” Babcock said .
The Penguins are missing former Ferris State standout Chris Kunitz ( abdominal surgery ) , Eric Godard ( groin ) , Alex Goligoski ( undisclosed ) and Tyler Kennedy ( undisclosed ) .
Detroit goalie Jimmy Howard is shooting for his 20th win of the season .
“ It will be a great test against those two guys , ” he said of facing Pittsburgh ’s potent scoring combination of Crosby and Evgeni Malkin for the first time in his NHL career .
E-mail Brian VanOchten at bvanochten@grpress.com and follow him on Twitter at twitter.com /BrianVanOchten
Film director Roman Polanski - who is fighting extradition to the US over a 1977 case of unlawful sex with a minor - has started his house arrest at his Swiss home in the resort of Gstaad .
Imogen Foulkes reports .
‘ Now is not the time ’ to repeal DADT , Pentagon lawyers argue
Gay rights activists are sounding the alarm about a Pentagon legal memo that advocates delaying any decision about the military ’s “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” policy until 2011 , as well as a news report that military brass are considering separate facilities for gay soldiers .
ADVERTISEMENT
The New York Times ’ Elisabeth Bumiller reported Friday that the Department of Defense is “ stepping up internal discussions ” on the military ’s 17 - year - old DADT policy in anticipation of a push to repeal the law this year .
Those discussions are targeting “ the practical implications of a repeal — for example , whether it would be necessary to change shower facilities and locker rooms because of privacy concerns , whether to ban public displays of affection on military bases and what to do about troops who are stationed or make port calls in nations that outlaw homosexuality . ”
John Avarosis at AmericaBlog describes this as the seeds of a “ separate but equal ” policy for gays in the military , referring to the legal term used by US courts prior to the Civil Rights
Act to justify segregation of blacks and whites .
“ In addition to being supremely offensive , it ’s also supremely idiotic , as gay and lesbian servicemembers are already sharing showers and barracks with straight troops , without incident , and have been since before the Revolution , ” Avarosis writes .
The Associated Press reports that a memo from Adm .
Mike Mullen ’s legal staff is urging the US ’s top military officer to delay any changes to DADT until 2011 .
“ Now is not the time , ” the leaked memo stated .
“ The importance of winning the wars we are in , along with the stress on the force , our body of knowledge , and the number of unknowns , demand that we act with deliberation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Under that proposal , the process to repeal DADT would begin in 2011 , and “ Congress would follow with debate lasting six months to a year , the legal advisers wrote , meaning repeal would be unlikely until 2012 , ” AP reports .
If that were the case , it would push the DADT issue into a presidential election year , turning it into a campaign wedge issue .
It ’s “ not clear what [ Mullen ] will recommend to President Obama , ” the AP report states .
This is n’t the first time Pentagon officials have floated the idea of separate facilities or units for gay servicemembers .
In October of 2009 , Army Secretary John McHugh expressed similar notions about some sort of separation of gay and straight soldiers .
The Army Times reported :
ADVERTISEMENT
Selling the idea to Congress , which has the final say , could depend on exactly what the administration tries to do in terms of the timing of repeal and how it is applied , McHugh said .
It ’s possible , for example , that homosexuals could be allowed into some occupations or units but barred from others , McHugh said , stressing that he was not aware of any such plans but only discussing how the issue might play out .
According to the New York Times and AmericaBlog ’s Avarosis , gay - rights groups met in secret last week to discuss the administration ’s plans for a repeal of “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell . ”
Despite previous claims that the administration “ has a vision ” for tackling DADT , and despite the president ’s announcement last fall that he will repeal the policy , the gay - rights meeting revealed that the White House still has no plan to tackle the issue .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The groups have no idea what the White House is going to decide , or when it will decide , and therefore cannot and will not endorse an all - out campaign to support the repeal of DADT until the White House makes up its mind , ” Avarosis reported .
[ Les Hazlewood ] [ les ] has an objective summary of why he eventually came around to deciding that Maven is a better overall solution then Ant +
Ivy .
This is an evolution in thought process that we , [ Sonatype ] [ sonatype ] , often see in enterprises and Les has two blog entries that illustrate this evolution perfectly .
[ Maven 2 vs Ant + Ivy : Our selection process ] [ 1 ] :
This entry gives Les ' original perspective on Maven and the process by which he originally decided to choose Ant +
Ivy .
[ Maven 2 vs Ant + Ivy : Revisited ] [ 2 ] :
This entry gives Les ' new perspective and why his enterprise team , and the Apache Shiro project , have chosen Maven .
> I now firmly believe that Maven 2 is a better build and project management tool than Ant + Ivy .
I was wrong .
> Yep , I said it .
I ’m man enough to admit when I ’ve made mistakes and that I ’ve learned from my experiences .
And this is coming from the guy that wrote a ( still popular ) OnJava article for Ant in the enterprise .
> Overall , life with Maven is good .
I ’m glad that I was able to swallow my pride , really give it a chance , and in turn reap the benefits .
I have n’t used Ant in over a year since switching , nor have I ever felt the need to go back .
We hope this perspective helps potential enterprises save time when looking for a build and release infrastructure .
[ 1 ] : http://www.leshazlewood.com/?p=44
[ 2 ] : http://www.leshazlewood.com/?p=55
[ les ] : http://www.leshazlewood.com
[ sonatype ] : http://www.sonatype.com
Etherpad source includes JSMin , which Google Code does n't allow Friday December 18 , 2009
This is an ancient blog post that was written many years ago .
It ’s archived here as a historical curiosity , and is likely to contain bad writing , bad ideas , and broken links .
Please do n’t assume that anything here is still accurate or represents my current opinions .
Last week , Google banned my PHP port of JSMin from Google Code due to a quibble over a line in the license stating that “ The Software shall be used for Good , not Evil ” , which they believe makes the license non-free .
When I asked Google ’s Chris DiBona whether all Google Code projects including JSMin would be subject to bans due to this clause in the license , he replied , “ Sadly , yes ” .
Today , Etherpad ( which was recently acquired by Google ) released their source code on Google Code .
Unfortunately , their source tree contains at least two different JSMin ports ( one in JavaScript and one in Python ) , thus making Etherpad non-free and violating Google Code ’s terms of service .
I ’ve notified Google via an email to the Google Code mailing list .
I bring this up not because I have anything against Etherpad or Google Code , and not because I want to start a fight , but because it demonstrates the slipperiness of the slope Google launched themselves down when they banned jsmin - php last week .
While I may disagree with their interpretation of the JSMin license as non-free , Google is certainly within their rights to refuse to host it .
However , since JSMin is so widely used by so many open source projects , Google now has to choose between banning popular , high profile projects ( including their own ) or applying their rules selectively and thus promoting a double standard .
So what will it be , Google ?
Will you remove JSMin from Etherpad , ban Etherpad , or just be — dare I say it — evil and ignore your own rules when they ’re inconvenient ?
If you need a new host for the Etherpad project , the lovely folks over at GitHub do n’t seem to have any problem hosting JSMin .
Update ( 2009 - 12-18 ) : Chris clarifies : “ As a side note , it ’s not a matter of violating the terms of service , which do n’t mention specific licenses , it is against our practices , though . ”
I ’ve updated the title of this post accordingly .
Chris has also asked the Etherpad maintainers to remove JSMin , which seems to indicate that Google is going to do the right thing and follow their own rules .
Admirable !
Update 2 ( 2009 - 12-18 ) :
There are several other Google - sponsored projects that fall afoul of this ban as well :
Have a question for the Sharks center Joe Pavelski ?
Now you ’ll get the chance to ask it .
Abstract
In this undergraduate thesis the independence of Goodstein 's Theorem from Peano arithmetic ( PA ) is proved , following the format of the rst proof , by Kirby and Paris .
All the material necessary for its understanding is developed , beginning with the foundations of set theory , followed by ordinal numbers and a proof of Goodstein 's Theorem , and concluded with basic model theory and the independence proof .
Other relevant information , such as an outline for an alternative independence proof and an application to dynamical systems is also included .
Contents 1 .
Colorado Springs police Tased and arrested a man Wednesday afternoon who had passed out drunk in a children ’s play area and encouraged his kids to “ bite the officers ’ faces off . ”
Colorado Springs Police say Joshua Alger , 28 , had passed out drunk at a McDonald ’s play area at 4801 N. Academy Blvd. about 4 p.m .
When officers found out Algers had an arrest warrant , they called the children ’s mother to pick them up .
Algers then became agitated with the police officers and refused to follow their commands and told his kids to bite the officers .
When he continued to fight , officers brought him to the ground and used a Taser to subdue him .
Along with the original warrant , he was arrested on suspicion of assaulting a police officer .
Get more El Paso County news at Gazette.com .
2,000,000 Strong
Over the week covering this past Christmas Day a piece of software I had contributed to was downloaded two million times .
I ’ve been writing Pop Software for my entire professional career .
I may be the first to coin the term Pop Software but it ’s with the presumption that we all know what I ’m talking about – I ’ve worked on games and applications targeted at the larger audience rather than businesses or niche products .
Admittedly many of these projects had smaller scopes than others but the general principal holds – work with a team to create a piece of software that will be enjoyed by the general public .
I have contributed code to hits , misses and to the forgettable wasteland in - between .
Granting myself a very generous margin of error the results have laregely been within my expectations .
This particular piece of software continues to defy my expectations – and not just by a little bit but by orders of magnitude .
That ’s not to say I do n’t think it ’s worthy of being popular but the sheer scale of its success has been staggering .
Before this past December it had already been downloaded over ten million times and has enjoyed an enviable retention rate .
Subsequent derivative products have also enjoyed tremendous success .
However , my mind finally bent after hearing that it had been downloaded two million times in the space of one week .
I was forced to ask myself a question .
“ Who the fuck are these people ? ”
How the hell does one App get downloaded two million times in the space of one week ?
To do so it ’d have to catch the eye of people you ’ve never heard of – like your brother or your girlfriend ’s best friend or the dude who made that really cute but slightly awkward heart in your latte the other day .
Two million people in the space of a week means we ’re talking about exactly that – people .
Real honest to God people are downloading software and , importantly , it ’s not a big thing for them .
It ’s what they do when they unwrap their iPod Touch on Christmas Morning .
They stick in the headphones , maybe they sync their music to it , and then hit the App Store for some Pop Software to get some amusement out of their new toy .
The people who are consuming software now are a vast superset of the people who used to do so .
At one time , especially on the Mac , we ’d see people chose software based upon how well it suited their requirements to get a job done .
This new generation of software consumers is n’t like that – they ’re less likely to shop around for something rather they shop around for anything .
These are people who want to be entertained as much as they want to have their requirements met .
They ’ve not bought into a tool they ’ve bought , either financially or emotionally , into The Future .
The Future is never about the most practical and useful outcome , it ’s about flying cars and cute robots who shit talk but will still mix you up a killer G’n ’T when you need it .
The Future is n’t a service that ’ll send you a text message when you ’ve been out too late on a work night , The Future will get you laid on a Tuesday and make excuses to the boss the next morning .
How did applications that make farting noises or make you sound like T - Pain do so well on the App Store ?
The answer is simple – they made people laugh .
That should have been the first sign that the software market was changing .
It ’s obvious in retrospect ; people were buying software that would make them laugh .
This runs counter to the common understanding of an Application .
An Application represents the developer ’s best effort at creating software that applies the capabilities of the device to solving a specific problem .
Making people laugh is not a problem an Application can solve ; it ’s not about the device it ’s about the person using it .
App Store
The thing is these people do n’t buy Applications , they download Apps .
“ Software ” is dead , do n’t bother putting that word on a sell sheet .
Have you written “ a program ” recently ?
That ’s nice , find a place in line behind all the other nerds but try not to step on the Coke - bottle glasses they tend to drop .
“ Oh … you ’ve developed an application … is it something my doctor would know about ” ?
People , lots and lots of people , people who have no idea what software even is , will download Apps like they ’re snacking on potatoe chips .
What ’s my proof ?
Well , two million downloads of an App in a week supports that and I ’d argue that a total of three billion Apps downloaded backs up my argument too .
Also , I spell potatoe with an ‘ e ’ , as God intended , so you know I ’m right about this .
“ Apps ” is fun .
It ’s fun to say , it sounds unthreatening , it ’s a word sufficiently abbreviated that it takes on a life of its own without dragging to the forefront of peoples minds the more sterile and technical sounding “ application ” .
Apps are not Applications – they are their own things .
They are smaller .
They are more fun .
Apps are treats atop your technological sundae .
They are not potential time sinks .
They are neither burden nor investment .
They each represent a nugget of fun , of fleeting amusement .
Apps are gobbled up in the millions by people who would never rush so willy nilly to buy desktop software .
Apps are Pop Software writ large in blinking neon lights .
Are Apps good business ?
No , they ’re not .
From a small developer ’s perspective the App Store is a total disaster .
If you ’re reading this I ’ll assume you ’re familiar with the complaints developers have with the iPhone OS marketplace .
Suffice to say that between a review process that seems arbitrary and a store front that seems insufficiently nuanced quality oriented smaller developers have , by and large , given up on the App Store as a market worth competing in .
Apps , by their very nature , are a hit driven industry .
Making hits requires taking risks .
Risks cost money .
Despite the fact that developing a quality application for iPhone OS is less of an investment than developing an equivalent application for Macintosh there are far more factors out of your control when dealing with the App Store than there are with ( what has become traditional ) web based downloadable software delivery .
As we ’ve seen time and again designing a quality application is no guarantee of success on the App Store .
That ’s not to say that quality is n’t a factor , only that quality alone is n’t going to lead to success .
“ Well … that sounds really fucking unfair .
Why is that ” ?
Desktop Publishing Syndrome
The mid to late 80 ’s saw an abomination arise .
An abomination so large that no matter where you hid eventually you would be splattered in its shit .
Wave upon wave of fucked up tastelessness washed up upon our shores .
It clung to our telephone poles screaming , “ Missing dog ! !! ” in three different fonts , each bolded , at least one with its innards hollowed out .
Our dot - matrix printers cried out in pain as pages upon pages were rendered in agonizing pixelated detail , noisily vomiting out reams of daisy - wheel paper destined to adorn the hallway leading to the cafeteria – “ School Dance Friday 7 PM ” !
Publishing had been democratized .
It was loud , it was ugly , it was popular and we feared it would never improve .
But it did .
The mid to late 90 ’s saw an abomination arise .
An abomination so large that no matter where you hid eventually you would be splattered in its shit .
Wave upon wave of fucked up tastelessness washed up upon our shores .
It clung to our Navigator windows screaming , “ Under Construction ! ! ! ” in three different colours , each bolded , with at least one blinking .
Our browsers cried out in pain as pages upon pages were rendered in agonizing animated gif detail , virtually vomiting out reams of star - field backed text – “ AltaVista Indexed ” !
The Internet had been democratized .
It was loud , it was ugly , it was popular and we feared it would never improve .
But it did .
The mid to late 00 ’s saw an abomination arise .
An abomination so large that no matter where you hid eventually you would be splattered in its shit .
Wave upon wave of fucked up tastelessness washed up upon our phones .
It clung to our oleophobic touch screens screaming , “ Tap to Fart ! ! ! ” in only one font but with three different gradients , at least one being yellow .
Our devices cried out in pain as pages upon pages were rendered in agonizing ineptitude inducing developers to vomit out the question , “ how the fuck did this get past review ” ?!
Software has been democratized .
It is loud , it is ugly , it is popular and we fear it will never improve .
But .
Well , we ’ll have to wait and see .
Time And Tide Wait For No Man
The Web Dreamtime was only ten years ago .
Context .
History .
A thing is born and it is as dumb as fuck .
Give it time and it will grow .
Give it more time and it will learn things you never knew .
Give it all that you are and it will become even more .
Does that mean it will develop into what we want it to be ?
Probably not – it will be what it will be .
Over the span of one week two million people downloaded one application to their iPhone or iPod Touch devices .
Something has changed .
It has changed for good .
Has it changed for the better ?
I ’m not yet sure – but I am sure there ’s no going back .
best of luck in the new year , Guy
Stock trading is getting more boring each day , unless you want to buy a Dow stock that goes up $ 1 to a new high for the move .
However , for the Forex Megadroid Gridbot junkies , things seem to be spiraling out of control , unpredictable moves everywhere .
Why did n't stocks tank when the dollar took off today ?
Many questions for the weekend .
Question :
Why was n't the Dow down 100 points when the dollar took off today ?
Question :
Crude is down 8 days in a row , but oil stocks stopped going down the last two days .
Wassup with that ?
Question :
Gold smashed $ 20 from its overnight highs , but NEM is down a measly 75 cents ?
Question :
Wells Fargo nearly round tripped today .
Is this the bottom for the XLF ??
Question :
Michelle - Caruso Cabrera looked extra hot today .
Does that mean the Santa rally is coming on Monday ?
Question :
The Russell 2000 is right at support .
Pass or fail from here ?
What does it mean when risk assets no longer sell off when the dollar is rocketing and the EUR / USD is plummeting ?
We 'll have to wait until Monday .
And who was dryhumping Delta Airlines today ???
And I presume everyone is still trying to short credit card companies ?
Hey , looks like the plus - sized women out there are shopping like mad .....
Speaking of plus sizes .
Are Meredith and Sue sisters ???
I wonder if they ran a personal ad .
How would they describe themselves ?
Curvy ?
Voluptuous ?
A few extra pounds ?
LOL ...
Not much action today , other than a few key Dow stocks were getting poked to new highs :
Anyone see Erin " B - Cups " Burnett reporting from the beach in Rio today ?
Can anyone spot Erin in this picture ??
Nope , she was still wearing a suit last time I saw her .
Here 's a shot of Erin admiring Michelle 's ICBM warheads :
" Hey , I wish I had a pair of those !!!! "
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
[ vodpod id=Video.16083146&w=425&h=350&fv= ]
As health care , finance , and climate bills lurch through Congress , buffeted and compromised by the very industries they seek to rein in , the question of whether our political system is actually capable of real reform arises .
Could it be that corporate lobbies are so powerful that current dysfunctions are entrenched ?
Are we doomed to be a society that lets its sick suffer and its bankers create the effective equivalent of Ponzi schemes , while fossil fuel industries pump greenhouse gases into a warming atmosphere ?
These questions are critically relevant to the food system .
True , the next farm bill does n’t fall until 2013 ; but early this year , Congress and the President will have to reauthorize the school - lunch program .
Will they continue to fund it at current miserly levels , dooming public school children to consume stuff like hamburgers adulterated with an ammonia - laced filler known in some industry quarters as “ pink slime ” ?
If the past year ’s legislative battles have taught us anything , it ’s that true school - lunch reform , under current conditions , will be difficult to achieve .
Michael Pollan has for a while now been pointing to a way out of the reform stalemate caused by the power of lobbies : that space for reform opens when powerful lobbies turn against one another .
Pollan appeared last night on the Daily Show , promoting his new book Food Rules .
He made a point he has made before : if even a modicum of health care reform passes , one that bars insurers from denying coverage to sick people or purging them when they get sick , than the interests of the mighty insurance industry will turn against those of the mighty agribusiness / processed - food industry .
The insurance industry , forced at least on some level to deal with the chronic illnesses caused by the U.S. diet , will join the food - reform movement , Pollan predicts .
Backed by a well - heeled industry lobby , the movement will be empowered to create real change .
It ’s a path to reform that owes more to the ideas of Machiavelli than to those of Thomas Paine , but if it works …
Club Stats
Members : 510
Pictures : 10
Category : Other
Created : Jan 16 , 2010
Club Admins and Officers
Club Type
Club Admins can change the Club Type at any time .
For more information on Club Types , click here .
Anime Relations
This is a public club .
Anyone can join and invite others to join .
Club details , pictures , comments and club discussions can be viewed by any user , regardless of whether they are a member of the club or not .
No One Became Wealthy Worrying for Others
What ’s the difference between these two household expenses ?
…
Ready ?
…
That ’s right .
Absolutely nothing .
But what if I told you that household A has an income of $ 50,000 , while household B has an income of $ 100,000 ?
Is one family more responsible than another ?
What I ’m Really Saying
We tend to look at everything in the absolute sense , and with good reason – that ’s all we are able to see .
We are jealous of other people ’s income , with no idea of how much stress and effort they endure on a daily basis .
We judge others by the cars they drive , but we have no clue how they bought it .
We go to Costco and think others are financially irresponsible when they buy a new HDTV , but we have no clue how much they are making .
On our journey to be financially free , we worry way too much about others .
The sad part is that we know nothing about other people ’s specific circumstances .
Who cares if other people are driving nice cars when you are in debt .
Who needs to think about your friend ’s mansion when you are happy in your own and who could n’t use all the time we spent being jealous of others when we can use it to improve our own situation .
Worry About Yourself
You have to stop yourself from being jealous of others .
There ’s a certain level of luck involved , but so much of life is a result of all the little decisions that you make constantly .
Yes , some are luckier than others , but you can drastically increase your chances by being positive and doing the right thing .
You may be born rich , but no one is born wealthy .
Wealth is a feeling , and it takes more than having a bunch of coins in your piggy bank to obtain it .
Study the charts again .
Can you spot the difference , and if there is n’t any , who really cares ?
A holy war of sorts has broken out in the communion - wafer –dispensing space .
A Minnesota marketer of communion - wafer dispensers is accusing its former president of patent infringement and misappropriation of trade secrets . ( .pdf )
The allegations in a Dec. 30 federal lawsuit come amid a fledgling market for such dispensing devices , as those receiving communion seek a germ - free environment .
The handheld devices allow the dispensing of wafers without being touched by anybody but those receiving them .
What ’s more , the portable devices , according to the lawsuit , " easily deliver communion to military personnel in combat situations and to people who are hospitalized , infirm or otherwise immobile . "
Among other things , Nu-Life Products of Minnesota claims it owns technology known as the " rapid reload system " for fast wafer loading and the " quad- rotator technology " allowing up to 400 wafers to be dispensed without having to be refilled .
The defendant in the case , former company president Douglas Henricksen of Wisconsin , says he never sold a single unit of the competing “ Communalabra germ - free communion - host–delivery system ” and that he did n't misappropriate any of his former employer ’s properties while operating a similarly named company called Nu-Life Church Supplies .
" This is blown way out of proportion , " Henricksen said in a telephone interview .
" I was the person who actually designed the communion - host dispenser .
I actually built the entire company myself . "
The suit seeks unspecified damages from Henricksen and the return of documents in connection to the dispute .
The plaintiff ’s attorney , Randolph Johnson , said in a telephone interview that the lawsuit " comes down to a pure business issue , even though it is the dispensing of the embodiment of Christ that we are talking about . "
See Also :
Writing an ACPI driver - an introduction
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
The Advanced Configuration and Power Interface specification ( ACPI ) was introduced to replace the myriad of differing protocols for providing configuration data to the operating system .
It additionally provided a new power control specification to replace APM , moving policy decisions out of the hard - coded BIOS and into the operating system .
Since then it's had a number of extensions implementing all kinds of functionality , variously specified and unspecified .
Hardware vendors have seized upon this to implement their own custom " value add " interfaces , taking advantage of the existing specified functionality while adding their own non-standard extensions .
In this article we 'll be looking at writing a driver to manage a persistent irritation on Toshiba hardware : the case of the missing Bluetooth .
Some Toshibas will boot without Bluetooth , or will manage to lose it somewhere between being suspended and resumed .
Sometimes it 'll be there until the owner hits the rfkill switch , at which point it 's gone no matter how plaintively the user flicks the switch back and forth .
In short , the Bluetooth interface is fickle , flaky and not to be relied upon .
We 're lucky , though .
Toshiba implemented their Bluetooth control in the form of an ACPI device .
At this point some of you may feel that this is some unusual meaning of the word " lucky " , but it 's really not as bad as it could be .
First , we 'll need one of the ACPI tables .
ACPI tables are sections of information provided to the operating system by the BIOS ; they contain either blocks of configuration information or , alternatively , executable code in a compiled bytecode called AML .
The table that we want is the " Discrete System Descriptor Table " , or DSDT .
This provides a set of configuration information and control methods for the system hardware .
On Linux , it can be found in /sys / firmware / acpi/ tables / DSDT .
We need to decompile it from the AML bytecode to ASL ( ACPI Source Language ) , which can be done with iasl - the Intel ACPI compiler .
This will typically be available as a package in distributions but can also be downloaded as source from acpica.org .
The -d option to iasl decompiles an executable table to something resembling the original source .
For reference there 's an example of a decompiled DSDT here , and it contains the devices and methods discussed in the rest of this article .
Looking at the decompiled DSDT , the first thing we realise is that there 's a huge pile of junk and extraneous configuration in here , so let 's try to find something useful .
First of all , let 's look for interesting devices .
ACPI device names are limited to four characters , which is generally not helpful in finding something interesting from scratch .
Thankfully there 's also the _HID string , which provides a tag for identifying the type of device .
These strings use the same namespace as old ISA PNP devices , so some of them may be familiar to those of you who spent too long cursing at IRQ and IO settings in the bad old days .
So ignore anything with a _HID tag that starts with PNP - it 's some piece of standardized system hardware that 's unlikely to be doing anything interesting .
On this Toshiba , that leaves us with 5 devices - NSC1100 , SMCF030 , TOS6205 , ACPI0003 and TOS6208 .
According to the ACPI specification , ACPI0003 is an AC adapter .
So ignore that .
Google says that NSC1100 is a TPM device .
SMCF030 is an infrared port .
So that leaves TOS6205 and TOS6208 , which look something like this :
Device ( BT ) { Name ( _HID , " TOS6205 " ) ... } Device ( VALZ ) { Name ( _HID , " TOS6208 " ) ... }
VALZ turns out to be the generic event and control interface for all kinds of other bits of laptop functionality .
There 's already a driver for this in the kernel ( toshiba_acpi.c ) , so let 's ignore that .
The one called BT certainly sounds like a better bet , so TOS6205 it is .
At this point we can write a skeleton driver that does nothing other than bind to this ACPI device .
It 's only a few lines of code to do that , and it 's consistent between all ACPI drivers .
All we need to do is register an ACPI driver structure with add and remove functions .
These will be called whenever the kernel finds an ACPI device with the TOS6205 ID , and we can do further setup there .
#include < linux / kernel.h > # include < linux / module.h > # include < linux / init.h > # include < linux / types.h > # include < acpi/acpi_bus.h >
# include < acpi/acpi_drivers.h > static int toshiba_bt_rfkill_add( struct acpi_device * device ) ; static int toshiba_bt_rfkill_remove( struct acpi_device * device , int type ) ; static const struct acpi_device_id bt_device_ids [ ] = { { " TOS6205 " , 0} , { " " , 0} , } ; MODULE_DEVICE_TABLE ( acpi , bt_device_ids ) ; static struct acpi_driver toshiba_bt_driver = { .name = " Toshiba BT " , .class = " Toshiba " , .ids = bt_device_ids , .ops = { .add = toshiba_bt_rfkill_add , .remove = toshiba_bt_rfkill_remove , } , .owner = THIS_MODULE , } ; static int toshiba_bt_rfkill_add ( struct acpi_device * device ) { return 0 ; } static int __init toshiba_bt_rfkill_init( void ) { int result = 0 ; result = acpi_bus_register_driver(&toshiba_bt_driver ) ; if ( result < 0 ) { ACPI_DEBUG_PRINT (( ACPI_DB_ERROR , " Error registering driver
" ) ) ; return - ENODEV ; } return 0 ; } static int toshiba_bt_rfkill_remove( struct acpi_device * device , int type ) { return 0 ; } static void __exit toshiba_bt_rfkill_exit( void ) { acpi_bus_unregister_driver(&toshiba_bt_driver ) ; } module_init( toshiba_bt_rfkill_init ) ; module_exit( toshiba_bt_rfkill_exit ) ;
Now what ?
Let 's look at the device 's methods .
These are functions associated with the device , and will typically be declared in the same scope block .
For the Toshiba Bluetooth device , we see something like this :
Device ( BT ) { Name ( _HID " TOS6205 " ) Method ( _STA , 0 , Notserialized ) { ... } Method ( AUSB , 0 , Notserialized ) { ... } Method ( DUSB , 0 , Notserialized ) { ... } Method ( BTPO , 0 , Notserialized ) { ... } Method ( BTPF , 0 , Notserialized ) { ... } Method ( BTST , 0 , Notserialized ) { ... } }
The device has an _STA method .
Methods with a leading _ are supposed to be reserved for the ACPI specification .
_STA is defined as returning the device status , and , in this case , will tell us whether the TOS6205 device is functional or not .
If there 's no Bluetooth on the machine , it 'll return zero .
The ACPI core handles this for us , so we can ignore it .
The other methods are BTST , AUSB , DUSB , BTPO and BTPF .
Working out what these do can be awkward .
The DSDT I 'm looking at ( and which is linked above ) has methods that read and write from a set of objects which reflect the hardware state in some way .
DUSB writes a zero to an object called BTDT , while AUSB writes one to it .
BTPF writes a zero to an object called BTPW , while BTPO writes one to it .
BTST returns a byte with the value of BTSW in the low bit , BTDT in bit six , and BTPW in bit seven .
Looking at the DSDT , we can see that BTDT , BTPW and BTSW are defined in a block that looks like this :
OperationRegion ( ERAM , EmbeddedControl , 0x00 , 0xFF ) Field ( ERAM , ByteAcc , Lock , Preserve ) { BTDT , 1 BTPW , 1 ... BTSW , 1 ... }
An OperationRegion is ACPI speak for an addressable system resource - it may refer to an area of memory , system IO space , a PCI configuration block or ( in this case ) the registers of the system embedded controller .
Objects can be declared within that block in order to let the ACPI code read and write to them .
In this case , BTDT , BTPW and BTSW all refer to sections of the embedded controller register space .
The number after the comma is the number of bits the object takes up , so we now know that BTDT is the first bit of the first byte - sized register of the embedded controller , BTPW the second bit and BTSW the fifth .
Writing to these values will probably cause the embedded controller ( a microprocessor running its own firmware ) to perform some act in return - alternatively , an external event ( such as flicking a switch ) may generate an event picked up by the embedded controller and causing it to update a register 's contents .
( Side note : generally speaking , accessing the embedded controller registers directly from the operating system is an error .
Vendors may alter the embedded controller firmware and the layout of the bits between different models or even different BIOS versions .
When this happens , ACPI methods will be updated to match - so if there 's an ACPI method to call to interface with the embedded controller , use that rather than trying to drive it directly .
This kind of thing can also act in our favour - ACPI interfaces tend to be retained over a range of models , even if the underlying hardware has changed dramatically .
One machine may make an opaque system management call in response to an ACPI method , while another with the same method may return a register directly .
By comparing the tables from different machines with the same interface , it 's often possible to learn more about what these methods are actually meant to do ) .
We can make pretty good guesses about what 's going on here .
BTST returns a set of register values , so is probably the BlueTooth device STatus .
BTSW presumably contains the state of the kill switch on the laptop .
BTPW sounds like it's the power state - so if BTPF and BTPO change that , they 're presumably BlueTooth Power ofF and BlueTooth Power On. AUSB and DUSB sound like Attach USB and Detach USB .
So at this point , we have enough knowledge of the interface to implement a Bluetooth enabler driver .
On module load we should check the switch status .
If it 's on , we should enable the Bluetooth .
static int toshiba_bluetooth_enable ( acpi_handle handle ) { acpi_status result ; acpi_integer status ; result = acpi_evaluate_integer ( handle , " BTST " , NULL , &status ) ; if ( ACPI_FAILURE ( result ) ) return - EINVAL ; /*
Check the current status */ if ( !( status & ( 1 << 0 ) ) ) /*
The switch is off */ return - EBUSY ; if ( !( status & ( 1 << 6 ) ) ) /*
The device is detached - attach it */ result = acpi_evaluate_object ( handle , " AUSB " , NULL , NULL ) ; if ( ACPI_FAILURE ( result ) ) { printk ( KERN_ERR " Failed to reattach Toshiba Bluetooth device
" ) ; return - ENODEV ; } if ( !( status & ( 1 << 7 ) ) ) /*
The device is n't powered up */ result = acpi_evaluate_object ( handle , " BTPO " , NULL , NULL ) ; if ( ACPI_FAILURE ( result ) ) { printk ( KERN_ERR " Failed to power on Toshiba Bluetooth device
" ) ; return - ENODEV ; } return 0 ; } static int toshiba_bt_rfkill_add ( struct acpi_device * device ) { return toshiba_bluetooth_enable ( device -> handle ) ; }
acpi_evaluate_object ( ) asks the kernel 's ACPI interpreter to find a method underneath a specific area of namespace ( in this case , the namespace of the device that we 've bound to - the first argument provides that ) , with the third and fourth arguments providing the arguments to be passed to the function and the results returned from the function respectively .
acpi_evaluate_integer( ) is similar , but assumes that the method is going to return an integer .
( Random stylistic sidepoint :
When looking at individual bits inside a returned integer , I find it neater to refer to the 0th bit as " 1 << 0 " rather than 1 .
There 's no especially good reason for this ) .
Ok .
What about when the user flicks the switch back ?
ACPI can catch various hardware events and then signal them to the operating system .
This is done via the " Notify " keyword .
Grepping for " Notify " in the DSDT reveals a pile of cases we do n't care about , but also a couple of lines like :
Notify ( BT , 0x90 )
The first argument to notify is the device to be notified .
The kernel will check whether a driver is bound to this device , and if so will pass the notification on to the driver .
0x90 is simply the event type - numbers below 0x80 are device - independent and defined by the ACPI specification , whereas those above are device - specific and only defined by the ACPI specification if the device itself is defined by the ACPI specification .
Toshiba has presumably defined what 0x90 means , but given that it 's the only event sent by the device we 'll just assume it means " Reattach the Bluetooth device " .
This machine does n't seem to send an event when Bluetooth device is turned off , but that 's less of a concern because the USB device vanishes anyway - there 's nothing we need to do in response .
Anyway , let 's hook up a notification function .
.ops = { .add = toshiba_bt_rfkill_add , .remove = toshiba_bt_rfkill_remove , .notify = toshiba_bt_rfkill_notify , } , static void toshiba_bt_rfkill_notify ( struct acpi_device * device , u32 event ) { toshiba_bluetooth_enable ( device -> handle ) ; }
We ignore the event type in this case because some machines seem to send different numbers here , and we do n't really get useful information from it .
Other devices may use different event values to indicate the type of event that 's been received , and in those cases you 'd want to check it appropriately .
At this point we now have a driver that enables Bluetooth at boot ( if it 's enabled ) and responds to the switch being flicked by enabling Bluetooth again .
The only remaining case is the one where the user turned off Bluetooth while the system was running , suspended and then flicked the switch back to enable .
Let 's check again on resume .
.ops = { .add = toshiba_bt_rfkill_add , .remove = toshiba_bt_rfkill_remove , .notify = toshiba_bt_rfkill_notify , .resume = toshiba_bt_rfkill_resume , } , static int toshiba_bt_rfkill_resume( struct acpi_device * device ) { toshiba_bluetooth_enable ( device -> handle ) ; return 0 ; }
And that 's it - a fully functional ACPI driver .
The TOS6205 device is one of the simplest ACPI devices I 've found , but the principle is the same for any other .
In more complex cases you 'll want to expose some kind of userspace interface to perform method calls on the device .
These should use standard kernel interfaces wherever possible .
Backlight control should be carried out via the backlight class , device hotkeys should be sent via an input device and more complex radio control should use the rfkill layer .
More device - specific functionality may require you to add sysfs attributes directly , which is somewhat outside the scope of this article .
It would be nice to hope for these ACPI interfaces to become standardized over time , but unfortunately there seems to be little willingness on the part of the companies involved to do so .
Some vendors are even moving away from using ACPI directly and are instead using WMI interfaces - a mechanism intended for exposing system management information to Windows applications , but easily subverted into a general purpose control system with even less transparency than pure ACPI .
But that 's a subject for a different article , and there are still many pieces of hardware with pure ACPI interfaces and no drivers written as yet .
The rhetorical yield from the first atomic explosion was low – only one entry for the Oxford Dictionary of Quotations .
When the plutonium bomb exploded on the Jornada del Muerto near Alamogordo , New Mexico , on 16 July 1945 , Robert Oppenheimer , the Scientific Director of Los Alamos , remembered the line from the Bhagavad Gita where Vishnu says : ‘ Now I am become Death , the destroyer of worlds . ’
One other remark deserves to be immortalised , which Oppenheimer himself later judged the best thing said at the time .
When the blast subsided , the physicist Kenneth Bainbridge , in charge of the test , turned to Oppenheimer and declared : ‘ Now we ’re all sons of bitches . ’
In general , however , the test was a rhetorical dud .
After the physicist Samuel Allison had counted off ‘ two , one , zero , NOW , ’ a general standing by commented : ‘ What a wonderful thing that you could count backwards at a time like this !’
Allison recalled saying to himself : ‘ Still alive , no atmospheric ignition . ’
The chemist George Kistiakowsky rushed up to Oppenheimer to remind him of a bet they ’d struck on the outcome : ‘ Oppie , you owe me ten dollars . ’
General Leslie Groves , the overall Director of the Manhattan Project , immediately appreciated the military significance of what he ’d just seen :
‘ The bang must certainly have been a pretty big one . . .
The war ’s over . ’
For the most part , if the scientists and engineers said anything comprehensible when the bomb went off , it was in the golly , gosh , wow vein .
Some were too busy making calculations of explosive yield to say much ; others were gobsmacked at the colour , light and sound .
The physicist Ed McMillan later wrote that ‘ the immediate reaction of the watchers was one of awe rather than excitement .
After some minutes of silence , a few people made remarks like : “ Well , it worked . ” ’
Indeed , Oppenheimer ’s brother Frank thought that ’s what Robert actually said as soon as the atomic thunder permitted intelligible speech : ‘ It worked . ’
That sounds about right : the scientists and engineers had spent over two years trying to make an atomic bomb that worked and the test was all about seeing whether they ’d managed it .
With the benefit of hindsight , one expects floods of anguished reflection on the consequences of what they had done , but it was n’t like that for most of them .
The moral and political reflections came later , if they came at all .
Oppenheimer agonised publicly more than anyone else : the physicists , he famously confessed , ‘ have known sin ; and this is a knowledge they cannot lose ’ .
Against some opposition from his scientific colleagues , he had insisted that the bomb be used on a Japanese civilian target , but , several months after Hiroshima and Nagasaki , he said to President Truman : ‘ I feel we have blood on our hands . ’
‘ Never mind , ’ Truman replied , ‘ it ’ll all come out in the wash , ’ whereupon the President instructed his lieutenants : ‘ Do n’t let that crybaby in here again . ’
Oppenheimer ’s agonising continued to the end of his life , and some of it focused on the question of why there had been so little agonising at the time .
‘ When you see something that is technically sweet , you go ahead and do it and you argue about what to do about it only after you have had your technical success , ’ he admitted in 1954 .
‘ That ’s the way it was with the atomic bomb . ’
Silvan Schweber and Mary Palevsky each worry about the gap between moral ideals and moral realities among the scientists who brought the Atomic Age into being and who lived with its postwar consequences .
Both are moralists and both have personal reasons for their inquiries .
Schweber is a physicist - turned - historian of science who studied in the 1950s at Cornell with Hans Bethe , the Director of the Theoretical Division at wartime Los Alamos .
In the Shadow of the Bomb is a spin - off from a larger biography of his teacher in progress .
It is an extended hymn of praise to Bethe ’s ‘ integrity ’ in handling postwar entanglements between science and the military and McCarthy - era tensions surrounding science and politics , and it contrasts Bethe ’s exemplary conduct with Oppenheimer ’s moral ambiguity .
Palevsky ’s father was a relatively low - level electrical engineer at Los Alamos , helping to build the trigger mechanism for the bomb .
His subsequent misgivings about Hiroshima and weapons work formed part of his daughter ’s ‘ moral legacy ’ .
Atomic Fragments is a loosely connected set of interviews with surviving Manhattan Project scientists , exploring their moral and political sensibilities , both at Los Alamos and afterwards .
What did they think they were doing when they built the bomb and what did they subsequently think about it ?
One immediate consequence of Hiroshima was the transformation of American atomic scientists , and especially the physicists , into courtiers of the State .
The Manhattan Project had accustomed some of them to smooth passage through the corridors of power .
When the war ended , the great majority could not wait to return to academic research , but for them nothing was ever going to be the same again .
Two billion dollars had bought America the bomb , and America reckoned the money very well spent .
The Los Alamos physicists had signed on to build a few atomic bombs , but the Government now wanted many of them , and Edward Teller began his public agitation for vast resources to construct the ‘ Super ’ – the hydrogen bomb .
The Japanese had been defeated , but General Groves was reported as saying in March 1944 that the real purpose in building the bomb was to subdue the Soviets , and in 1954 he repeated that claim in public .
The Cold War was a cash bonanza for American physicists , but , for some , it was also a moral and political dilemma .
Although Oppenheimer returned to his academic position within months of Hiroshima , his role as a leading government adviser on weapons research was just beginning .
He sat on Pentagon committees and he became chairman of the General Advisory Committee ( GAC ) of the Atomic Energy Commission that recommended the course nuclear weapons research should take .
And it is in part to that compromised insider ’s position that Schweber ascribes Oppenheimer ’s moral inferiority to Bethe .
Security guards were posted outside his office at the Princeton Institute for Advanced Study .
When he received a phone call that concerned classified matters , visitors were required to leave the room .
It was a display of power and privilege that Oppenheimer was widely seen to enjoy – as long as it lasted .
By contrast , Bethe ’s engagement with Government weapons work was oblique and intermittent .
Unlike his Los Alamos superior , he maintained his commitment to original research , and , that , as Schweber says ( four times ) , provided Bethe with ‘ the anchor of his integrity ’ .
In spite of Schweber ’s clear preference for Bethe over Oppenheimer , the moral differences are more plausibly seen as adjacent shades of grey .
Oppenheimer ’s GAC opposed a crash programme to develop the H - bomb – though not the bomb itself – and it was partly because of this opposition that the aptly named Gray Board was convened in 1954 to withdraw his security clearance .
After Truman ’s 1950 decision to go ahead with the crash programme , regulations had prevented Oppenheimer from speaking publicly on the subject , a silence that later caused him ‘ profound anguish ’ :
‘ What are we to make of a civilisation which has always regarded ethics as an essential part of human life [ and ] which has not been able to talk about killing almost everybody , except in prudential and game - theoretic terms ? ’
Bethe , who was then only a consultant at Los Alamos , could and did say what he believed : ‘ The bomb is no longer a weapon of war but a means of extermination of whole populations .
Its use would be a betrayal of all standards of morality and of Christian civilisation itself . ’
It would , he said , be a ‘ terrible error ’ to make a fusion weapon .
However , he was able to overcome his scruples to the extent of working intensively on developing this same weapon , rationalising his position by arguing that if such weapons were indeed feasible , the Soviets , too , would have them .
The balance of terror needed to be preserved .
Wartime weapons work was , in Bethe ’s view , morally quite different from peacetime work , and the outbreak of the Korean War helped him to change his mind .
It was a business he undertook , he says , hoping the thing would not be technically possible – a claim that his fellow Manhattan Project physicist Herbert York now finds ‘ somewhat naive ’ .
In any case , ‘ if I did n’t work on the bomb somebody else would , ’ and – a recurrent sentiment among morally sensitive atomic scientists – ‘ If I were around Los Alamos I might still be a force for disarmament . ’
This rationalisation , Bethe wrote years later , ‘ seemed quite logical ’ , but ‘ sometimes ’ , he conceded , ‘ I wish I were more consistent an idealist . . .
I still have the feeling I have done the wrong thing .
But I have done it . ’
Similarly , despite Schweber ’s attempt to put the very best face on Bethe ’s response to McCarthyite attacks on left - wing , internationalist and pacifist academics , no scientist who had the weight to counter these attacks comes out of the episode with their reputation untarnished .
Oppenheimer , evidently seeking to save his own skin , denounced his own graduate students , dismaying some of his former Los Alamos colleagues , including Bethe .
When Bethe himself was put to the test by an assault on his Cornell colleague , Philip Morrison , he sprang to Morrison ’s defence , though it was perhaps less daunting for Bethe to stand up to a university committee of inquiry than it was for Oppenheimer to face down the rampaging House Committee on Un- American Activities .
And , while Bethe ’s defence of his colleague was both spirited and effective , it was not unalloyed .
He told Cornell ’s acting president that he had been ‘ annoyed ’ by Morrison ’s ‘ charitable attitude ’ to disarmament measures favoured by the Soviet Union and agreed with the university administration that restraints be placed on his political utterances .
Another consequence of Hiroshima was that some of the Manhattan Project scientists became public moralists , with all the strains this put on their role as courtiers of the Atomic State .
The motives for their moralising were both personal and technical .
First , they felt that they possessed unique knowledge about the weapons they had created , what these weapons could do , what was likely to come next and what effects they would have on both political structures and military strategies .
Fearing that their political masters , and the public , understood the new realities badly or not at all , some scientists took it on themselves to moralise not just about what to do in a world of nuclear weapons but about the nature of moral action in such a world .
Secondly , they had brought these terrible weapons into being , and , while some were not wracked by crises of conscience , others were .
They wanted to say in public why they had done it , and why it was the right , or at least an excusable , thing to do .
Believing , as many at Los Alamos did , that the bomb had been constructed to save Western civilisation and Enlightenment values from the Nazis , Oppenheimer struggled to come to terms with the threats to those same values posed by a triumphant science itself .
Born into a scientific generation sharing a faith that ( as Schweber writes ) ‘ scientific knowledge is good and apolitical , that it should be open and shared , and that it will lead to progress ’ , the scientists had helped to make a world which shook their own faith .
Oppenheimer ’s moralising took a more philosophical turn than that of any of the others .
He worried about the consequences for an open society of what science had created : ‘ The atomic bomb , born of a way of life , fostered throughout the centuries , in which the role of coercion was perhaps reduced more completely than in any other human activity , and which owed its whole success and its very existence to the possibility of open discussion and free inquiry , appeared in a strange paradox , at once a secret , and an unparalleled instrument of coercion . ’
And he worried about the social consequences of a misplaced faith in the scope and certainty of scientific knowledge : ‘ Perhaps only a malignant end can follow the systematic belief that all communities are one community ; that all truth is one truth ; that all experience is compatible with all other ; that total knowledge is possible . ’
Oppenheimer warned the public against craven acceptance of what scientists delivered in domains outside their expertise : ‘ Science is not all of the life of reason ; it is a part of it . . .
The study of physics , and I think my colleagues in the other sciences will let me speak for them , too , does not make philosopher - kings .
It has not , until now , made kings .
It almost never makes fit philosophers . ’
The Manhattan Project scientists are dying off .
The youngest survivors are well into their eighties : Bethe is 94 .
They have been hauled over the moral coals many times , and they ’re not about to be taken by surprise now .
Palevsky ’s approach is earnest and deferential .
She does n’t succeed in getting the scientists she interviewed to say much they have n’t said many times before .
In his first interview , Bethe had prepared two handwritten sheets of paper , listing the main arguments he wanted to make and the order in which he wanted to make them .
He cared about the judgment of history and was well prepared to help write it .
Yet , for all the Sophie ’s World naivety and breathlessness of Palevsky ’s engagement with her interviewees , Atomic Fragments succeeds ( better than Schweber ’s more professional and intellectually ambitious book ) in recovering the shape and texture of a live moral dilemma , with all its ambiguities and incoherences .
Palevsky asks the atomic scientists why they built this terrible weapon and how they felt about its use on Japanese cities .
For every ethical objection she raises , most of her subjects point to equally cherished principles that approved their actions or pragmatic constraints that explained them .
She never changes her mind but , by the end of the book , is left without any clear and coherent principles to justify her conviction that the thing was wrong .
Why did you agree to join the Manhattan Project ?
A Nazi bomb would have meant the destruction of all open and tolerant societies ; the original idea was not to use the bomb , but to prevent the Germans from using theirs .
Why did you not stop when it became clear by the end of 1944 that there was no Nazi bomb ?
The promised United Nations – the object of so much hope for an enduring peace – needed to know that such a weapon existed and what its terrors were .
When , after the original test , the saintly Niels Bohr asked , ‘ Was it big enough ? ’ , that ’s what he meant .
Why did so many of you approve Hiroshima ?
The demonstration - use , proposed by the dissident Franck Report of June 1945 , might fizzle , with disastrous results for the Pacific war ; even if such a test succeeded , Hirohito might not be told of it ; the atomic bombing of live targets could alone establish adequate grounds for unconditional surrender ; the cost in Japanese and Allied casualties would be much higher if the bomb was not used ; and , for some , Soviet involvement in the Japanese war had to be cut short and the Communists shown the extent of American power .
Why did you not express more vigorously whatever qualms you felt about how the bomb might be used ?
It was not our place to do so .
Scientists are responsible for conducting inquiry , not for how the results of their inquiry are used .
In a democratic society , following orders is legitimate and virtuous : by what right would scientists presume to dictate to their democratically elected masters ?
Even if it ’s harder to resist Hitler ’s commands than Roosevelt ’s , comparisons with ‘ following orders ’ in authoritarian regimes are odious .
Not all the scientists believed all those things , but most professed a fervent belief in some of them .
Among the physicists , only the Englishman Joseph Rotblat left Los Alamos when the failure of the German nuclear programme became clear , later writing : ‘ I saw the destruction of Hiroshima as a wanton , barbaric act , and it made me very angry . ’
The experimental physicist Robert Wilson came to regret that he had n’t followed Rotblat , but few others said they felt anything like the same .
Several subsequently swore off weapons work – among them , Wilson , Rotblat , Morrison and Victor Weisskopf – but most continued to be happily watered by the torrents of dollars that so fundamentally transformed the nature of physics research in the postwar decades .
In the main , the atomic scientists saw no need to apologise .
York – who has spent much of his postwar career working for nuclear disarmament – plausibly complains about the condescension of hindsight history : ‘ The first thing you knew about World War Two is how it came out .
And that ’s the last thing I knew about World War Two . . .
The first thing you knew about the atomic bomb is that we used it to kill a lot of people in Hiroshima .
And that ’s the last thing I knew about the atomic bomb . ’
As you reconstruct the fog of uncertainty that shrouded wartime weapons research , so you find it harder to establish the grounds for blaming individuals who did that research , varying as they did in their motives , their influence and their knowledge .
If you think that it would have been better had nuclear weapons not been developed and used , you will not find it easy credibly to point the finger of blame at any individual scientist or group of scientists .
Nevertheless , there ’s something else about the experience of working on the Manhattan Project that is as disturbing as it is understandable and even attractive .
For many of the scientists , it was the most enormous fun .
They said so themselves and they said it repeatedly .
Bethe wrote that , for all of its scientific inhabitants , Los Alamos ‘ was really the great time of their lives ’ .
The English physicist James
Tuck called it ‘ a golden time ’ .
All the great men were there ; all happy to be in each other ’s company ; all united in an urgent common cause that broke down the artificial disciplinary boundaries that existed in the academy .
The problems were interesting ; the funding was inexhaustible .
They were , Teller announced , ‘ one big , happy family ’ .
After Hiroshima , when Oppenheimer left Los Alamos to return to Berkeley , the scientific staff formally thanked him for the wonderful time they ’d had :
‘ We drew much more satisfaction from our work than our consciences ought to have allowed us . ’
They were having so much fun that some regarded the fence around the place not as something that kept its inhabitants in , but as a barrier to stop others from joining them .
It was that fun – that total absorption in the elaborately funded ‘ technically sweet ’ – which kept potential moral reflectiveness in check .
For the most élite scientists there were also the seductions and pleasures of power .
The physicist Isidor Rabi marked the change in his friend Oppenheimer after the first test : ‘ His walk was like High Noon – I think it ’s the best I could describe it – this kind of strut .
He ’d done it . ’
It was a power which could not only coexist with moral anguish , but was fed and displayed by it .
The mathematician Stanislaw Ulam wrote that Oppenheimer ‘ perhaps . . . exaggerated his role when he saw himself as “ Prince of Darkness , the destroyer of Universes ” .
Johnny von Neumann used to say : “ Some people profess guilt to claim credit for the sin . ” ’
But the real guilt did not concern the deed itself .
The guilt – such as it was – came from the keen pleasure felt in committing it .
We have a Country backed by massive International aid that first wanted to literally kill the gay , now only wants to imprison them for life .
That Country carries the support of Congress members ( and possibly even the Secretary of State ) through “ The Family ” .
That Country was given the support of Rick Warren .
He denies it now .
That Country is not some mad Islamic State .
It is a Christian State , every bit as fundamental as Iran , Saudi Arabia or wherever the right want to go on about out of faux concern .
We hear very little about this .
There is no official US stance on what is being proposed by this bigoted Nation .
Silence , despite the fact that the silence that surrounds may cause this cancer of religious promoted bigotry to spread .
It is after all nice and easy to attack Islam as an extremist religion .
The double standards on this potential massacre are disgusting .
The worst thing is those on the Christian right are probably applauding this .
Why does life sentence mean death ?
Because Christian bigots can pick on anyone different , anyone who is suspiciously gay and kick them to near death .
The victim will be unable to report it because they will face life in prison .
How nice .
Ugandan Happy Camps .
The new concept , created by me .
I wonder that it would be great if we can use dust jackets and bookmarks together to create a unique image of a paper book .
This idea can help to expand book ’s space
Update :
There is a real life example of the using of the JACKETS + BOOKMARKS .
I ’ve designed a cover art for the book Swiss Life : 30 Things I Wish I ’d Known , written by american writer Chantal Panozzo .
The book is using special bookmarks as promotional materials .
You can find more details at the project ’s page .
Here an example of using of JACKETS + BOOKMARKS for a real book .
The bookmarks and cover of the book Swiss Life : 30 Things I wish I ’d known were designed by me in 2014
Related posts :
Adjective
The train runs at fantastic speeds .
a fantastic scheme for getting rich quick
Recent Examples on the Web : Adjective
Creating the classes , technology training for teachers , developing schedules , preparing parents and students and designing engaging lessons in different formats has been challenging , but my staff has done a fantastic job .
Claire Goodman , Houston Chronicle , " SUNDAY CONVERSATION : McElwain Elementary opens for first time during COVID - 19 , " 20 Sep. 2020
Their stories are so poignant and the outcomes can be fantastic .
Nick Givas , Fox News , " Ronald McDonald House raises awareness for childhood cancer with ' September Step Up ' challenge , " 17 Sep. 2020
Honestly , this entire fight ( over a photo shoot schedule , natch ) was fantastic .
Abby Gardner , Glamour , " Keeping Up With the Kardashians , " 9 Sep. 2020
Miami has done a fantastic job executing a game plan that is focused on limiting what Antetokounmpo does .
Jeff Zillgitt , USA TODAY , " Opinion : Richard Jefferson is way off on comparing Giannis Antetokounmpo with Scottie Pippen , " 4 Sep. 2020
The promoter did a fantastic job with their Covid protocol .
Lars Brandle , Billboard , " Smash Mouth Received Angry ‘ Fan Mail ’ After Their South Dakota Performance , " 27 Aug. 2020
Humans make mistakes — even USPS workers who do a fantastic job but occasionally err with your regular mail .
Star Tribune , " Readers Write : Police reform , DFL candidate John Thompson , the mail , photography , " 18 Aug. 2020
Hunters in Kentucky do a fantastic job of letting the younger bucks walk , and because Kentucky is a one - buck state , its age class among bucks is very good .
Brian Lovett , Outdoor Life , " The 2020 Deer Hunting Season Forecast , " 12 Aug. 2020
The team did such a fantastic job , my notes were minimal .
Rebecca Ford , The Hollywood Reporter , " How Mark Wahlberg Got McDonalds on Board for ' McMillions ' Doc , " 6 Aug. 2020
Recent Examples on the Web : Noun
This particular approach to art — transforming familiar iconography into the fantastic — is what McDonkey , who is gay , refers to as a sort of queering .
Jason Parham , Wired , " The Wonderful Instagram World Where Thor Is a Drag Performer , " 6 Aug. 2020
While the city boasts several fantastics art or history museums , priority should be given to this special place , which houses a mind - blowing collection of artifacts from the many peoples of Central and South America .
Kaitlin Menza , Town & Country , " The Best Things to Do in Santiago , Chile , " 20 Sep. 2019
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word ' fantastic . '
Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam - Webster or its editors .
Send us feedback .
Hard - core PC gamers can be easily spotted by their clawed and blistered left hand , worn out from hours of keyboard - bashing as they attempt to fight their way through virtual worlds and deadly warzones .
So it was only a matter of time before someone came up with a gaming glove to relieve PC gaming fans from chronic RSI .
The Peregrine glove is designed to feel like " a second skin " , and it has sensors all over the fingers that can be programmed with the keyboard shortcuts used by gaming fans as they cut a swathe through Azeroth .
The idea is that rather than stabbing at a combination of keys on the keyboard , players instead touch their thumb to the appropriate sensor on the glove to perform the same function .
The friendly man who gave me a demo of the Peregrine said it meant gamers could react more quickly to a situation , saving valuable seconds , and could even mean " the difference between levelling up and getting pwned " .
The technology behind the glove is undoubtedly impressive , but the whole application of it just seems bizarre .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The corporate media are in the tank for a Republican comeback in 2010 , and the GOP may in fact pick up some seats in the Senate and the House , though if employment ticks up by the fall , not as many as some are implying .
The corporate media made a big deal about two Democrats who are stepping down but not about 6 Republicans who are .
But the long - term trends look good for the Democratic Party .
h/t Mindvirus at Reddit.com
Political views are formed in young adulthood and for most people remain stable in later life .
Republican wedge issues such as gay - bashing , cutting government services and help to people , and the promise of more wars are increasingly unattractive to the younger generation and that is unlikely to change soon .
We could be on the verge of another FDR moment , of a long period of Democratic dominance .
John Judis and Ruy Taxeira were prescient .
End / ( Not Continued )
The al - Qaeda leader issues sporadic tape messages A new message said to be from al - Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden has blamed global warming on the US and other big industrial nations .
The audio tape , broadcast on al - Jazeera TV , urges a boycott of the US dollar " to free humankind from slavery " .
It comes days after another tape said to be from Bin Laden was released , praising the attempted bombing of a US airliner on 25 December .
The authenticity of neither tape has been verified .
But IntelCenter , a US group that monitors Islamist activity , has said the voice on the earlier tape appeared to be that of Bin Laden .
" All industrial nations , mainly the big ones , are responsible for the crisis of global warming , " the latest tape says .
" This is a message to the whole world about those who are causing climate change , whether deliberately or not , and what we should do about that . "
Bush the son , and the [ US ]
Congress before him , rejected this [ Kyoto Protocol ] agreement only to satisfy the big companies
' Bin Laden ' audio tape
Is Bin Laden dead or alive ?
Timeline : Search for Bin Laden
The tape criticises the administration of former US President George W Bush for not ratifying the Kyoto Protocol on combating climate change .
" Bush the son , and the [ US ]
Congress before him , rejected this agreement only to satisfy the big companies . "
The tape also urges a boycott of the US dollar .
" I know that there would be huge repercussions for that , but this would be the only way to free humankind from slavery ... to America and its companies . "
Responding to the earlier audio tape , also broadcast on al - Jazeera , US President Barack Obama said it indicated how weakened Osama Bin Laden had become .
" Bin Laden sending out a tape trying to take credit for a Nigerian student who engaged in a failed bombing attempt is an indication of how weakened he is , because this is not something necessarily directed by him , " he said .
A Nigerian man , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , is charged with attempting to blow up a transatlantic US airliner over Detroit on 25 December .
The Yemen - based regional wing of al - Qaeda has said it was behind the attempted attack .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
COPENHAGEN , Denmark – The Harper government says special breaks may be in store for Alberta 's tarsands .
Tarsands emissions may not drop as much as other industries as Canada moves to synchronize its environmental policies with its largest trading partner , the United States .
Environment Minister Jim Prentice says legislation moving through the U.S. Congress would grant special breaks to certain " trade - exposed " industries .
The bill – dubbed the Waxman - Markey bill after its authors , Democrats Henry Waxman and Edward Markey – is one of two pieces of major climate - change legislation before Congress .
It would , among other things , set a national cap on greenhouse gases and allow polluters to buy and sell allowances .
This is known as a cap - and - trade system .
The Waxman - Markey bill would help some energy - intensive , trade - vulnerable industries adapt to new clean - energy rules and technologies by giving them special allowances to cover their higher costs .
Prentice told reporters in Copenhagen that it 's important that whatever industries fall into that " trade - sensitive " category in the States also do so in Canada .
He did n't rule out the tarsands , also known as the oil sands , as an industry that could qualify for special breaks .
" A key feature of the Waxman - Markey legislation is the treatment accorded to what are referred to in the United States as trade - exposed industries , " Prentice said .
" And this is something that we will need to consider on the Canadian side of the border . "
Asked if that included the tarsands , Prentice replied : " I think any industry that is a trade - exposed industry in the same sense would be an industry that has to be considered in terms of its comparability to the U.S. framework . "
The government has been studying which sectors might get breaks , he added , but no decision has been made .
Prentice was responding to documents obtained by the CBC that apparently suggest Canada 's oil - and - gas industries would n't need to cut their carbon emissions as deeply as first thought .
CBC is reporting that the draft documents were prepared for Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's cabinet ahead of the Copenhagen climate talks .
The public broadcaster says the documents outline a " working draft position " of Canada 's stance on emissions targets .
The documents reportedly suggest that Canada revise its targets to be lower than what the Conservatives originally proposed .
CBC says the documents suggest the oil - and - gas industry would only have to reduce emissions by 15 megatonnes rather than the 48 megatonnes set out in its Turning the Corner climate - change plan .
The documents also reportedly say that means the oil - and - gas sector would only have to cut its emissions 10 per cent by 2020 .
The Harper government aims to lower Canada 's overall emissions 20 per cent below 2006 levels by 2020 .
Prentice says he is n't familiar with the draft documents .
But he added they are not official policy .
" These documents do not represent the position of the government of Canada , " he said in French .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Environmental groups took the Conservatives to task over the reported content of the documents .
" We are deeply disturbed by the news , " said Steven Guilbeault of the Quebec environmental group Equiterre .
" We think it is unacceptable that one of the richest nations on the face of this planet is not going to do its fair share when it comes to reducing greenhouse - gas emissions . "
The backdrop to all this has been the Copenhagen climate talks .
Officials from 192 nations have descended on the Danish capital to seal a new global - warming deal .
It has n't been easy .
Major rifts between the rich and developing world have been laid bare as the clock runs down to the summit's end .
China and the U.S. – two of the world 's biggest polluters – remain at odds .
So do rich and developing countries over issues such as financing and targets for emissions cuts .
High - level talks began Tuesday , officially wrapping up two years of work by negotiators .
Ministers now have two days to push the talks forward before more than 100 world leaders arrive in Copenhagen for the summit 's final days .
But UN climate chief Yvo de Boer warned much work remains if a deal 's to be done in Copenhagen .
" We are at a very distinct and important moment in the process , " he said .
" We have over the past week or so seen significant progress in a number of areas , but we have n't seen enough of it .
" There is still an enormous amount of work and ground to be covered if this conference is to deliver what people around the world expect it to deliver . "
Read more about :
Feel free to message me if you have any questions .
Thanks to Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer 's address at the Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) Wednesday night and a video interview with Entertainment & Devices President Robbie Bach , we now know more than ever about Microsoft 's upcoming motion sensitive gameplay device , Microsoft Natal .
Microsoft had hoped that details about the new game system , which rips off the Nintendo Wii's motion sensitive gameplay , would emerge during a Las Vegas presentation Wednesday night by its CEO Steve Ballmer .
However , the company slipped up and posted a video of former Xbox chief and current Entertainment & Devices President Robbie Bach playing Natal and discussing some of its features .
As it turns out , the company confirmed several of these leaked details during its presentation at the Consumer Electronics Show Wednesday night and Thursday .
Natal Due Holiday Season 2010
First off , the big news : Natal will hit the Xbox 360 this holiday season .
Pictures of the device have emerged , and it looks like a slim , black , horizontal version of the Xbox 360 Elite itself .
Not much else about Natal was revealed , but Ballmer sure was excited about it in declaring that 2010 will be the Xbox 360's biggest year yet .
Game Room : 1000s of Classic Arcade Games
Surprisingly , Microsoft had much more to say about Game Room , an idea leaked early Wednesday by the accidentally - released Bach video .
Game Room will essentially be a whole new feature for the Xbox 360's Xbox Live online service ( and will also be available for Windows PCs ) .
It 's a retro gaming service that allows fans of classic games ( including Millipede , Combat , Outlaw , Red Baron and more ) to collect these titles and show them off to friends in a virtual arcade room .
In a press release , Microsoft promised plans to release " over 1000 games ... throughout the next three years . "
That suggests they have plenty of faith in Game Room , Xbox Live , and the Xbox 360 .
( Source : pcworld.com )
Classics for Under $ 5 with Spring Debut
Game Room titles will be pretty affordable too ; buying one for the Xbox 360 alone should n't cost more than about 240 Microsoft Xbox points , or an estimated $ 3 .
It 's possible to download these games for play on both an Xbox 360 and a Windows PC for an extra $ 2 . ( Source : gamespot.com )
Robbie Bach predicted that the service will make its debut before the summer .
There 's no word yet on how much different it will be from Microsoft 's current classics platform , Xbox Live Arcade .
All of this is fascinating new strategy for Microsoft , who at this point do n't seem to be bothering with plans for a Blu-ray add - on , perhaps one of the more attractive features of rising competitor Sony and its PlayStation 3 .
Instead , the company appears intent to go after the big dollars by competing directly with Nintendo 's Wii , a runaway hit with casual gamers .
You might remember Robert McNamara ’s stunning mea culpa , delivered a quarter century after his Vietnam War policies sent some 50,000 Americans ( and even more horrendous numbers of Vietnamese ) to their deaths in that disastrous war .
In his 1995 memoir , the man who had been a cold , calculating secretary of defense for both Kennedy and Johnson belatedly confessed that he and other top officials had long known that the war was an unwinnable , ideologically driven mistake .
“ We were wrong , ” he wrote , almost tearfully begging in print for public forgiveness .
“ We were terribly wrong . ”
Yes , they were , and so are today ’s leaders ( from the White House to nearly all local governments ) , who are keeping us mired in the longest , most costly , and most futile war in U.S. history : the drug war .
As one adamant opponent of this ongoing madness put it , “ I can not help but wonder how many more lives , and how much more money , will be wasted before another Robert McNamara admits what is plain for all to see : the War on Drugs is a failure .
Americans are paying too high a price in lives and liberty for a failing War on Drugs , about which our leaders have lost all sense of proportion . ”
That was no ex-hippie stoner expressing himself through a haze of herbal smoke .
It was America ’s “ Uncle Walter , ” the journalistic icon Walter Cronkite , calling earlier this year for a new truthfulness and sanity in American drug policy .
The drug war is rife with major failures and absurdities , including the rise of a vast , murderous narco - state within Mexico , caused by U.S. consumer demand for drugs outlawed by our government ; Plan Colombia , a secretive , multibillion - dollar U.S. military operation started by Bill Clinton in 2000 to eradicate coca production in that country , which now produces 15 % more coca than it did before the plan was launched ; the racist and grossly unjust sentencing disparity , established by lawmakers in the 1980s , between crack - cocaine users ( mostly black ) and powder snorters ( mostly white ) ; and the ridiculous refusal by pious federal authorities to allow our farmers to grow hemp–a useful , profitable , sustainable , and historic crop ( see Lowdown , May 1999 ) .
Here we focus on one particular piece of policy insanity that has afflicted our country for nearly 100 years and was foisted on us by political demagogues , power - hungry police agencies , fire - breathing preachers , fear - mongering media moguls , self - appointed moralists , and other forces of ignorance and arrogance .
Thanks to them , America is mired in–get this–a war on a weed .
Marijuana is the foe , and after a century of battle , the weed is winning !
A painful price
In 1914 , newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst mounted a yellow - journalism crusade to demonize the entire genus of cannabis plants .
Why ?
To sell newspapers , of course , but also because he was heavily invested in wood - pulp newsprint , and he wanted to shut down competition from paper made from hemp–a species of cannabis that is a distant cousin to marijuana but produces no high .
Hearst simply lumped hemp and marijuana together as the devil ’s own product , and he was not subtle about generating public fear of all things cannabis .
As reported in the August issue of Mother Jones magazine , Hearst ’s papers ran articles about “ reefer - crazed blacks raping white women and playing ‘ voodoo satanic ’ jazz music . ”
Actually , marijuana was largely unknown in America at the time and little used , but its exotic name and unfamiliarity made it an easy target for fearmongers .
The next wave of demonization came in 1936 with the release of an exploitation film classic , Reefer Madness .
It was originally produced by a church group to warn parents to keep their children in check , lest they smoke pot–a horror that , as the film showed , would drive kids to rape , manslaughter , insanity , and suicide .
Then Congress enthusiastically climbed aboard the anti-pot political bandwagon , passing a law that effectively banned the production , sale , and consumption of marijuana .
Signed by FDR on August 2 , 1937 , this federal prohibition remains in effect today .
Although it has been as ineffectual as Prohibition , the 1919 - 1933 experiment to stop people from consuming “ intoxicating liquors , ” this ban continues , despite its staggering cost and dumfounding destructiveness .
Consider a few facts about America ’s weed war :
It diverts hundreds of thousands of police agents from serious crimes to the pursuit of harmless tokers , including agents from the local and state police , FBI , Drug Enforcement Agency , and U.S. Marshals , Secret Service , Border Patrol , Customs , and Postal Service .
from serious crimes to the pursuit of harmless tokers , including agents from the local and state police , FBI , Drug Enforcement Agency , and U.S. Marshals , Secret Service , Border Patrol , Customs , and Postal Service .
By even the most conservative estimate , the outlay from us taxpayers now tops $ 10 billion a year in direct spending just to catch , prosecute , and incarcerate marijuana users and sellers , not counting such indirect costs as militarizing our border with Mexico in a hopeless effort to stop marijuana imports .
, the outlay from us taxpayers now tops $ 10 billion a year in direct spending just to catch , prosecute , and incarcerate marijuana users and sellers , not counting such indirect costs as militarizing our border with Mexico in a hopeless effort to stop marijuana imports .
Police agents at all levels trample our Bill of Rights in their eagerness to nab pot consumers by conducting illegal car searches , phone and email taps , garbage scrounging , and door - busting night raids .
trample our Bill of Rights in their eagerness to nab pot consumers by conducting illegal car searches , phone and email taps , garbage scrounging , and door - busting night raids .
Even people who are merely suspected of marijuana violations and have had no charges filed against them can ( and regularly do ) have their cars , money , computers , and other property confiscated by police .
In a reversal of America ’s fundamental legal principles , it is up to these suspects to prove that their property is “ innocent ” of any crime .
of marijuana violations and have had no charges filed against them can ( and regularly do ) have their cars , money , computers , and other property confiscated by police .
In a reversal of America ’s fundamental legal principles , it is up to these suspects to prove that their property is “ innocent ” of any crime .
People convicted of possessing even one ounce of marijuana can face mandatory minimum sentences of a year in jail , and having even one plant in your yard is a federal felony .
even one ounce of marijuana can face mandatory minimum sentences of a year in jail , and having even one plant in your yard is a federal felony .
41,000 Americans are in federal or state prisons right now on marijuana charges , not counting people in city and county jails .
or state prisons right now on marijuana charges , not counting people in city and county jails .
89 % of all marijuana arrests are for simple possession of the weed , not for producing or selling it .
Tidbit : In September , the useful and always vigilant Sen. Russ Feingold revealed that the Justice Department was perverting a dangerous provision in the infamous Patriot Act of 2001 for use in non-terrorism cases .
“ Sneak - and - peek ” search warrants ( based on a liberty - busting provision allowing police agents to break into a home or other private facility and search the premises without the owner ’s knowledge ) were supposed to be reserved for extraordinary investigations into suspected terrorist activity .
However , Feingold found that of the Justice Department ’s 763 requests last year for such searches , only three involved terrorism cases –while 65 % of the sneakandpeeks were used in drug - war investigations , including pursuit of marijuana “ criminals . ”
How ’s the war going ?
Hitting yourself over the head one time with a ball - peen hammer could be considered an experiment .
Doing it twice , though , would be stupid .
And doing it repeatedly is insane .
The war on weeds is insane , for our officials keep sacrificing tax dollars , lives , civil liberties , and their own credibility in a “ terribly wrong ” and losing effort .
They ’ve been whacking us for decades with ever - bigger and more - repressive prohibition hammers , but marijuana availability and use keep going up , not down .
The 2008 survey on drug use conducted by the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) shows pot to be popular with millions of Americans .
Of those surveyed , 41 % admit to having partaken at some point in their lives , 10 % enjoyed it in the past year , and 6 % use it regularly .
These numbers greatly understate the actual level of marijuana consumption , because the survey is taken by federal health agents going door - to - door for in - person interviews .
In effect , they ’re asking , “ Have you been consuming an illicit drug–an activity that violates federal law and is punishable by a long prison term ? ”
Many choose to fib .
Well , say Washington ’s die - hard weed warriors , it ’s really about protecting America ’s youth , deterring them from the evils of pot .
Good luck with that .
Ask practically any teenager , and you ’ll learn that marijuana is readily available to them — in a 2005 survey , 85 % of high - school seniors said it was “ easy to get . ”
Because kids do n’t need an ID to get an ounce of pot , it ’s even easier to get than alcohol , which is a regulated drug .
Last year ’s HHS drug -use survey found that 15 % of 14 - to - 15 - year - olds have taken tokes , as have 31 % of the 16 - to - 17 - year - olds .
By age 20 , 45 % of adolescents have tried marijuana .
Tidbit : After the Bush regime pushed through a $ 1.4 billion anti-pot ad blitz , a study found that the campaign had backfired , increasing first - time pot use among 14 - to - 16 - year - olds .
The White House buried the study–and kept funding more ads .
One educational contribution made by the weed war is that it exposes the depths of nincompoopery at the highest levels of authority .
The page - one quote we cite from Nixon , who first coined the phrase “ war on drugs , ” sets the nincompoop bar awfully high , but that has not kept various officials from trying to top it .
One challenger was John “ MadDog ” Ashcroft , George W ’s attorney general .
At 6 a.m. on February 24 , 2003 , an array of federal agents stormed the homes of three California small - business people who owned glass - blowing firms .
The charge ?
Conspiracy to sell drug paraphernalia .
Among the products made by these artisans were glass pipes , which–gasp ! –could be used for smoking pot .
Three dozen glassblowers were nabbed that day in a nationwide sweep that the feds dubbed Operation Pipe Dreams .
Unbelievable , but true .
In a tone straight out of Reefer Madness , Ashcroft himself declared that “ the illegal drug paraphernalia industry has exploded ” across America .
Marijuana prohibitionists have produced absurdity after absurdity , failure after failure , but none of those in charge are called to account .
They ’ve been allowed to perpetuate their policies through a combination of money , myths , and political intimidation .
MONEY .
Like military industrialists , the prohibitionist establishment has created a steady flow of tax dollars into every congressional district , building a local support base that is hooked on what amounts to free money .
Few police chiefs , school superintendents , or city managers want to cut off their piece of the cash , even if they admit privately that years of funding have not put them anywhere close to victory .
Ironically , the lack of progress is used to demand more funds .
MYTHS .
Over the years , the anti-reefers have cemented myths ( a.k.a. lies ) in the popular culture to demonize the product–including sensational claims that marijuana is more addictive than cigarettes , causes lung cancer , leads users to heroin , produces schizophrenia , and makes your teeth fall out .
Such claims are ludicrous and have been soundly refuted by numerous independent scientific studies , but the media rarely covers these uncolorful truths .
While marijuana cannot be said to be completely harmless –what product is ?
– neither is it the dangerous bugaboo it is portrayed to be .
As a typical scientific study concluded in 2002 , “ The high use of cannabis is not associated with major health problems for the individual or society . ”
Indeed , it poses nowhere near the health dangers of alcohol–yet no one proposes to destroy breweries or imprison people for drinking martinis .
INTIMIDATION .
Truth aside , prohibitionists have been able to intimidate most reform - minded politicians with the simple threat to brand them as soft on drugs .
Well , gosh , say potential reformers , it ’s a shame that tens of thousands of Americans who ’ve done no harm are in prison and that our public treasury and liberties are being squandered by this stupid drug war , but I do n’t need the grief of trying to oppose it .
Thus , our country continues to have a policy that does far more harm than marijuana itself can ever do .
A change is coming
In May , I received an email from a 20 - year - old student at the University of Michigan .
He made this concise and cogent argument against marijuana prohibition : “ If the government trusts society to use alcohol responsibly , it is idiotic to assume citizens are somehow incapable of responsible use of cannabis .
Marijuana is not used only by hippies ; it is used by doctors , writers , lawyers , musicians , college students , even presidents . ”
Right .
And it appears that public attitudes are finally evolving from strict , authoritarian , and morally pious Reefer Madness - style disapproval into a rational , nondestructive , controlled acceptance that is at the heart of this student ’s position .
Such conservative icons as Milton Friedman , William F. Buckley , Jr. , and George Schultz have been unabashed advocates of rethinking pot prohibition .
The mayor of New York City , the governor of California , and rising numbers of politicos between the two coasts no longer fear owning up to a pot past .
Also , we ’ve now elected three presidents in a row who were known tokers in their earlier days .
( In admitting the deed , they progressed from Clinton ’s slippery “ I did n’t inhale ” to Obama ’s candid “ I inhaled .
That was the point . ” )
Several TV shows , including the widely acclaimed “ Mad Men , ” portray characters using marijuana as matter - of - factly as those sipping wine .
One hit show , unblinkingly titled “ Weeds , ” is about a suburban pot - dealing mom .
Another indicator of marijuana ’s movement into the cultural mainstream is the emergence of “ stiletto stoners . ”
Featured on the “ Today Show ” and in popular magazines , these are successful professional women who unapologetically prefer to wind down after work with a joint instead of a Cosmopolitan .
Public - opinion polls are also reflecting this major shift in attitudes : 55 % say possession of personal amounts of marijuana should not be criminal ( Gallup , 2005 ) ; 78 % support doctor - prescribed medical marijuana ( Gallup , 2005 ) ; 51 % say alcohol is more dangerous than marijuana and only 19 % think the opposite ( Rasmussen , August 2009 ) ; more than 75 % say the drug war is a failure ( Zogby , 2008 ) ; and 52 % say marijuana should be legal , taxed , and regulated –while only 37 % disagree ( Zogby , May 2009 ) .
As attitudes are changing , so are repressive laws .
Pushed by grassroots activists ( and basic logic ) , state and local governments have begun walking step by step away from the weed war .
Since 1996 , 13 states –from Rhode Island to Alaska–have passed laws ( most by majority vote in initiative elections ) to allow the growing and distribution of doctor - prescribed marijuana for medical purposes .
More recently , a move has been sweeping the country to decriminalize the mere possession of marijuana –a small fine might be issued ( like a traffic ticket ) , but there are no criminal penalties .
Pot possession is no longer criminalized in 13 states : Alaska , California , Colorado , Maine , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Mississippi (! ) , Nebraska , Nevada , New York , North Carolina , Ohio , and Oregon .
Other changes include initiatives passed in Albany , Denver , Missoula , Seattle , and the state of Oregon mandating that police make pot possession and public consumption one of their lowest enforcement priorities .
Drug reformers are also succeeding in Louisiana , Michigan , New York , and Washington state to scale back the harsh mandatory sentences for marijuana violations .
The most recent move is for outright legalization .
The concept here is straightforward : treat marijuana the same as we do booze– i.e. , turn its production , sale , and consumption into activities that are legal , regulated , and taxed .
This approach is particularly attractive to cash - strapped cities and states that are continuing to lay out billions of tax dollars annually to surveil , catch , prosecute , and incarcerate marijuana cartels , street dealers , growers , and users .
Under pot -reform laws , officials could take the exorbitant profit and violence out of illicit black - market weed by legalizing it and then turn it into a revenue producer by collecting taxes on it .
Marijuana is , after all , a big business .
The Office of National Drug Control Policy says that Americans spend $ 9 billion each year on pot coming from Mexican cartels , as much as $ 10 billion on that smuggled in from Canada , and $ 39 billion on that provided by ( surprise ! ) U.S. suppliers .
Tidbit :
It ’s not widely publicized by the U.S. Agriculture Department , but marijuana is America ’s largest cash crop–topping the value of corn and wheat combined .
A 2005 analysis by Harvard economist Jeffrey Miron found that legalization would generate $ 7.7 billion a year in enforcement savings for local , state , and federal taxpayers , while producing annual tax revenues of $ 6.2 billion .
Numbers like these have caught the attention of such officials as California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who says legalization should be considered seriously .
With the public , the cities , and the states on the move , even Washington has had to wake up and smell the tell - tale herbal smoke of change wafting across the country .
From President Obama to maverick Republican Ron Paul , there is at least talk of reform emanating from the Capital City , and that talk is likely to grow stronger as more and more officials learn that it ’s not just Cheech & Chong demanding change .
We ’ll leave the last word of this Lowdown issue to Rep. Barney Frank , who is sponsoring a bill to decriminalize marijuana possession : “ I now think it ’s time for the politicians to catch up to the public .
The notion that you lock people up for smoking marijuana is pretty silly . ”
– Article from Alternet on November 23 , 2009 .
Analysis
Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens may have had his tongue in his cheek , or perhaps wanted merely to taunt the majority , when he wrote in Thursday ’s opinion on the role of corporations in national politics :
“ Under the majority ’s view , I suppose it may be a First Amendment problem that corporations are not permitted to vote , given that voting is , among other things , a form of speech . ”
It is a tantalizing notion .
Suppose that General Motors Corp. , troubled that a candidate for Congress from Michigan was too favorable to the United Auto Workers , decided to do everything in its corporate power to defeat that candidate .
So , aside from spending huge sums of its own money ( none of it federal bailout money ) to influence the outcome , it went to the office of the voting registrar in downtown Detroit .
It sought to sign up , affirming that it was a citizen and resident of Michigan .
Denied registration , it sued , claiming that , under the Fourteenth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution , it was a “ person , ” and , as a “ citizen , ” it was entitled to equal protection under the election laws .
Would the Supreme Court buy that ?
General Motors might already be halfway to winning its lawsuit .
It has been understood , for decades , that corporations are “ persons ” under the Constitution .
And nothing the Supreme Court said Thursday undermined that notion .
If anything , the decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission conferred new dignity on corporate “ persons , ” treating them — under the First Amendment free - speech clause — as the equal of human beings .
At least in politics , the Court majority indicated , corporations have a voice , and they have worthy political ideas .
Here is the way Justice Anthony M. Kennedy put it ( partially quoting from an earlier ruling ) : “ Corporations and other associations , like individuals , contribute to the ‘ discussion , debate , and the dissemination of information and ideas ’ that the First Amendment seeks to foster . ”
It does not matter that the right - to - vote scenario is quite implausible .
The fact is that the decades - old image of American corporations as a destabilizing and perhaps even corrupting influence in politics has now been thoroughly re-examined by the Supreme Court , and the corporate “ person ” emerges from the process with — in the eyes of the majority — a burnished image of good citizen .
There is a deep chasm of perception , between Thursday ’s majority and the dissenters , about the nature of the corporate personality .
Justice Stevens , writing for the dissenters , turned Chief Justice John Marshall ’s celebrated comment in the Dartmouth College case — in a ruling that actually favored the corporate form — into a belittling comment : “ A corporation is an artificial being , invisible , intangible , and existing only in contemplation of law .
Being the mere creature of law , it possesses only those properties which the charter of its creation confers upon it . ”
In vivid contrast , the majority overruled a 19 - year - old precedent ( Austin v. Michigan Chamber of Commerce ) that had lambasted the corporation , when it entered the political arena , because of “ the corrosive and distorting effects of immense aggregations of wealth that are accumulated with the help of the corporate form and that have little or no correlation to the public ’s support for the corporation ’s political ideas . ”
That , the Court had said in 1990 , was a form of corruption that legislators could use as the basis for singling out corporations for restrictions on their political activity .
The overruling may have been intended , in part , to scuttle that image .
The rehabilitation of the corporate “ person ” almost certainly was a project that five of the Justices were prepared to embrace .
It could be argued , indeed , that the Court put the case over to the current Term for a second argument , focused on corporation ’s rights under the Constitution , as part of that project .
There was not a hint that those five , in the end , were in any way moved by the suggestion at that second argument by Justice Sonia Sotomayor that the Court may have been wrong for a century about awarding “ personhood ” to corporations .
The majority put aside the dissenting opinion ’s repeated mentions of the special favors that the corporate form gets , treating those as a completely inadequate foundation for treating corporations differently as political citizens .
And Justice Antonin Scalia , in a separate opinion buttressing the majority ruling , went to considerable lengths to enhance the constitutional pedigree of corporations ’ rights and to denounce the dissenters ’ suggestion that the Founders did not think highly of corporations .
The question now arises whether the enhanced legal stature of corporations will make a difference in other fields of constitutional law .
One might suggest that corporations have already benefited from greater sympathy from the current Court — for example , in constitutional limitations on the size of punitive damages that juries may assess for corporate wrongdoing .
And , this Term , there seems to be quite a realistic prospect that the Court , applying the Due Process Clause , may limit the scope of the federal criminal fraud laws when an executive of a corporation is accused of depriving the shareholders of “ honest services . ”
Going further , one might speculate whether it would be worth starting a lawsuit to test some of the restraints that states impose on corporations as conditions in their charters , in an effort to further liberate the corporate form .
Or , perhaps , one might anticipate a lawsuit if , as is already being suggested in some quarters , that Congress might respond to the Citizens United ruling by passing a law to require corporations operating in interstate commerce to be federally chartered , and decreeing that , as such , they are not “ persons ” with constitutional rights .
It is not too much to expect that lawyers for corporate America may well be looking to explore the outer possibilities of their clients ’ “ personhood ” and new - found constitutional equality .
Americans Want Their Money Out Of Funds
" Talk about a behavioural shift in approach .
American investors pulled $ 2.8 billion out of equity funds in November , the third outflow in a row .
Year - to - date , stock funds saw net redemptions of $ 4.1 billion despite a 20 % up - year in the market , and this followed a $ 213.5 billion outflow in 2008 .
It may be safe to say that the equity cult is dead .
When it makes it to the front pages of the tabloids , as it did in August 1979 with the now - famous BusinessWeek cover at that time , then maybe it will be safe to call for the true bottom three years down the road . "
" The bulls point to all the “ dry powder ” sitting on the sidelines , just waiting to be put into the market .
Indeed , investors are liquidating their money market funds — there were outflows totaling $ 46.7 billion in November and $ 71.8 billion in October .
But this money is not heading in the direction of the equity market .
Bond funds took in $ 44.9 billion in November — the fourth highest ever — and through the first 11 months of 2009 the inflows to fixed - income funds came to a record $ 349 billion ; and this does n’t include the $ 20 billion through 2009 into hybrid funds ( +$ 3.4 billion in November ) . "
Source : Breakfast With Dave
Image : The Business Insider
The TSA just released the following statement on updated , permanent security measures , effective tomorrow … “ Today , the Transportation Security Administration issued new security directives to all United States and international air carriers with inbound flights to the U.S. effective January 4 , 2010 .
The new directive includes long - term , sustainable security measures developed in consultation with law enforcement officials and our domestic and international partners .
Because effective aviation security must begin beyond our borders , and as a result of extraordinary cooperation from our global aviation partners , TSA is mandating that every individual flying into the U.S. from anywhere in the world traveling from or through nations that are state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest will be required to go through enhanced screening .
The directive also increases the use of enhanced screening technologies and mandates threat - based and random screening for passengers on U.S. bound international flights . ”
New York ( CNN ) --
A security breach at the Newark , New Jersey , airport over the weekend was caused by an officer of the Transportation Security Administration who left his post unattended , an agency spokeswoman said Thursday .
Security video shows the officer walking away from his post at Newark Liberty International Airport , about four minutes after he asked an unidentified man in a light - colored jacket to stay behind the rope line .
Moments later , the man ducks under the rope and walks the wrong way through security to greet a woman , prompting a security breach that shut down Terminal C for hours and forced the rescreening of thousands of passengers .
" The surveillance video from Newark Liberty Airport clearly shows that a TSA officer 's actions led to the Sunday incident , " spokeswoman Ann Davis said .
" We will use this hard lesson to reinforce the sharp focus and tight discipline at all our stations across the country and ensure we maintain the public trust . "
The TSA officer was reassigned to nonscreening duties Monday after the incident , which occurred at Terminal C about 5:20 p.m. ET Sunday .
The unidentified man walked through an exit on the public side to the secure " sterile " side , TSA said .
Earlier , a Homeland Security official told CNN that the TSA officer was distracted because " a passenger was asking for directions or something . "
The official said it 's not uncommon for TSA employees to get " peppered with questions from passengers every day . "
On Tuesday , the TSA officer was placed on administrative leave , the TSA said .
Davis has said the agency takes " full responsibility " for the incident .
She told CNN that a passenger notified a TSA officer Sunday afternoon about a person who he believed had walked through the wrong way at a security exit .
The passenger could not provide a description of the person , Davis said .
In an attempt to confirm the breach through videotape captured by TSA - funded and Port Authority - installed - and - operated cameras , TSA officials realized the cameras were running but not recording .
TSA officials then scrutinized security tapes recorded by Continental Airlines ' cameras and confirmed that an " Asian male " had breached security , Davis said .
The TSA was unable to locate the man .
Sen . Frank R. Lautenberg , D - New Jersey , who requested the release of the Continental surveillance video , called on the man to turn himself in to authorities , saying , " You 've committed what essentially is a crime . "
" He committed a terrible , terrible offense , and he has to pay a price ... that relates to the havoc and the discomfort he caused this place , " Lautenberg told reporters at the airport Thursday night .
Davis said earlier this week that although authorities were unable to locate the man , any threat he may have presented was eliminated " by rescreening everyone and recombing the airport to make sure he did n't introduce anything to the environment or hand anything off to anyone . "
The incident caused arrival delays , mainly affecting Continental Airlines , the airport 's largest tenant .
After meeting with the Port Authority about the breach , the TSA has volunteered to check the cameras daily to ensure they are recording , Davis said .
Newark was one of the airports from which the 9/11 hijackers departed .
CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .
Mr. Wolfgang Paech from Germany recently sent us one report from Namibia about lunar astrophotography .
He captured the images with his Celestron Skyris 445M .
You can download the report of Wolfgang here :
Iranian media on Sunday reported Tehran will conduct a large - scale defensive military exercise next month , coinciding with what government officials now say is a deadline for the West to respond to its counteroffer to a nuclear - fuel deal .
The commander of Iran 's ground forces , Brig .
Gen. Ahmad - Reza Pourdastan , said the drill will be conducted by Iran 's army , in conjunction with some units of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , to improve " defensive capabilities , " Press TV , the English - language , state - run media outlet reported .
...
I WAKE UP staring into the bluest blue I 've ever seen .
I must have fallen into a deep sleep because I need several seconds to realize that I 'm looking at the Arizona sky , that the pillow beneath my head is a large clump of dirt , and that a near - stranger named Manuel is standing over me , smiling .
I pull myself to a sitting position .
To my left , in the distance , a Border Patrol helicopter is hovering .
To my right is Mexico , separated by only a few fields of lettuce .
" Buenos días , " Manuel says .
I stand up gingerly .
It 's only my third day in the fields , but already my 30 - year - old body is failing me .
I feel like someone has dropped a log on my back .
And then piled that log onto a truck with many other logs , and driven that truck over my thighs .
" Let 's go , " I say , trying to sound energetic as I fall in line behind Manuel , stumbling across rows of lettuce and thinking about " the five - day rule . "
The five - day rule , according to Manuel , is simple : Survive the first five days and you 'll be fine .
He 's been a farmworker for almost two decades , so he should know .
I 'm on day three of five — the goal is within sight .
Of course , another way to look at my situation is that I 'm on day three of what I promised myself would be a two - month immersion in the work life of the people who do a job that most Americans wo n't do .
But thinking about the next seven weeks does n't benefit anyone .
Day three of five .
" Manuel ! Gabriel !
Let 's go !
¡ Vámonos ! " yells Pedro , our foreman .
Our short break is over .
Two dozen crew members standing near the lettuce machine are already putting on gloves and sharpening knives .
Manuel and I hustle toward the machine , grab our own knives from a box of chlorinated water , and set up in neighboring rows , just as the machine starts moving slowly down another endless field .
SINCE THE EARLY 1980s , Yuma , Ariz. , has been the " winter lettuce capital " of America .
Each winter , when the weather turns cold in Salinas , Calif . — the heart of the nation 's lettuce industry — temperatures in sunny Yuma are still in the 70s and 80s .
At the height of Yuma 's growing season , the fields surrounding the city produce virtually all of the iceberg lettuce and 90 percent of the leafy green vegetables consumed in the United States and Canada .
America 's lettuce industry actually needs people like me .
Before applying for fieldwork at the local Dole headquarters , I came across several articles describing the causes of a farmworker shortage .
The stories cited an aging workforce , immigration crackdowns , and long delays at the border that discourage workers with green cards who would otherwise commute to the fields from their Mexican homes .
Wages have been rising somewhat in response to the demand for laborers ( one prominent member of the local growers association tells me average pay is now between $ 10 and $ 12 an hour ) , but it 's widely assumed that most U.S. citizens would n't do the work at any price .
Arizona 's own Sen. John McCain created a stir in 2006 when he issued a challenge to a group of union members in Washington , D.C. " I 'll offer anybody here $ 50 an hour if you 'll go pick lettuce in Yuma this season , and pick for the whole season , " he said .
Amid jeers , he did n't back down , telling the audience , " You ca n't do it , my friends . "
On my first day I discover that even putting on a lettuce cutter 's uniform is challenging ( no fieldworkers , I learn , " pick " lettuce ) .
First , I 'm handed a pair of black galoshes to go over my shoes .
Next comes the gancho , an S - shaped hook that slips over my belt to hold packets of plastic bags .
A white glove goes on my right hand , a gray glove , supposedly designed to offer protection from cuts , goes on my left .
Over the cloth gloves I pull on a pair of latex gloves .
I put on a black hairnet , my baseball cap , and a pair of protective sunglasses .
Adding to my belt a long leather sheath , I 'm good to go .
I feel ridiculous .
The crew is already working in the field when Pedro walks me out to them and introduces me to Manuel .
Manuel is holding an 18 - inch knife in his hand .
" Manuel has been cutting for many years , so watch him to see how it 's done , " Pedro says .
Then he walks away .
Manuel resumes cutting , following a machine that rolls along just ahead of the crew .
Every several seconds Manuel bends down , grabs a head of iceberg lettuce with his left hand , and makes a quick cut with the knife in his right hand , separating the lettuce from its roots .
Next , he lifts the lettuce to his stomach and makes a second cut , trimming the trunk .
He shakes the lettuce , letting the outer leaves fall to the ground .
With the blade still in his hand , he then brings the lettuce toward the gancho at his waist , and with a flick of the wrist the head is bagged and dropped onto one of the machine 's extensions .
Manuel does this over and over again , explaining each movement .
" It 's not so hard , " he says .
Five minutes later , Pedro reappears and tells me to grab a knife .
Manuel points to a head of lettuce .
" Try this one , " he says .
I bend over , noticing that most of the crew has turned to watch .
I take my knife and make a tentative sawing motion where I assume the trunk to be , though I 'm really just guessing .
Grabbing the head with my left hand , I straighten up , doing my best to imitate Manuel .
Only my lettuce head does n't move ; it 's still securely connected to the soil .
Pedro steps in .
" When you make the first cut , it is like you are stabbing the lettuce . "
He makes a quick jabbing action .
" You want to aim for the center of the lettuce , where the trunk is , " he says .
Ten minutes later , after a couple of other discouraging moments , I 've cut maybe 20 heads of lettuce and am already feeling pretty accomplished .
I 'm not perfect :
If I do n't stoop far enough , my stab — instead of landing an inch above the ground — goes right through the head of lettuce , ruining it entirely .
The greatest difficulty , though , is in the trimming .
I had no idea that a head of lettuce was so humongous .
In order to get it into a shape that can be bagged , I trim and trim and trim , but it 's taking me upward of a minute to do what Manuel does in several seconds .
Pedro offers me a suggestion .
" Act like the lettuce is a bomb , " he says .
" Imagine you 've only got five seconds to get rid of it . "
Surprisingly , that thought seems to work , and I 'm able to greatly increase my speed .
For a minute or two I feel euphoric .
" Look at me ! " I want to shout at Pedro ; I 'm in the zone .
But the woman who is packing the lettuce into boxes soon swivels around to face me .
" Look , this lettuce is no good . "
She 's right : I 've cut the trunk too high , breaking off dozens of good leaves , which will quickly turn brown because they 're attached to nothing .
With her left hand she holds the bag up , and with her right she smashes it violently , making a loud pop .
She turns the bag over and the massacred lettuce falls to the ground .
She does the same for the three other bags I 've placed on the extension .
" It 's okay , " Manuel tells me .
" You should n't try to go too fast when you 're beginning . "
Pedro seconds him .
" That 's right .
Make sure the cuts are precise and that you do n't rush . "
So I am to be very careful and precise , while also treating the lettuce like a bomb that must be tossed aside after five seconds .
THAT FIRST WEEK on the job was one thing .
By midway into week two , it is n't clear to me what more I can do to keep up with the rest of the crew .
I know the techniques by this time and am moving as fast as my body will permit .
Yet I need to somehow double my current output to hold my own .
I 'm able to cut only one row at a time while Manuel is cutting two .
Our fastest cutter , Julio , meanwhile can handle three .
But how someone could cut two rows for an hour — much less an entire day — is beyond me .
" Oh , you will get it , " Pedro tells me one day .
" You will most definitely get it . "
Maybe he 's trying to be hopeful or inspiring , but it comes across as a threat .
That feeling aside , what strikes me about our 31 - member crew is how quickly they have welcomed me as one of their own .
I encountered some suspicion at first , but it did n't last .
Simply showing up on the second day seemed to be proof enough that I was there to work .
When I faltered in the field and fell behind , hands would come across from adjacent rows to grab a head or two of my lettuce so I could catch up .
People whose names I did n't yet know would ask me how I was holding up , reminding me that it would get easier as time went by .
If I took a seat alone during a break , someone would call me into their group and offer a homemade taco or two .
TWO MONTHS IN , I make the mistake of calling in sick one Thursday .
The day before , I put my left hand too low on a head of lettuce .
When I punched my blade through the stem , the knife struck my middle finger .
Thanks to the gloves , my skin was n't even broken , but the finger instantly turned purple .
I took two painkillers to get through the afternoon , but when I wake the next morning it is still throbbing .
With one call to an answering machine that morning , and another the next day , I create my own four - day weekend .
The surprise is that when I return on Monday , feeling recuperated , I wind up having the hardest day of my brief career in lettuce .
Within hours , my hands feel weaker than ever .
By quitting time — some 10 hours after our day started — I feel like I 'm going to vomit from exhaustion .
A theory forms in my mind .
Early in the season — say , after the first week — a farmworker 's body get thoroughly broken down .
Back , legs , and arms grow sore , hands and feet swell up .
A tolerance for the pain is developed , though , and two - day weekends provide just enough time for the body to recover from the trauma .
My four - day break had been too long ; my body actually began to recuperate , and it wanted more time to continue .
Instead , it was thrown right back into the mix and rebelled .
Only on my second day back did my body recover that middle ground .
" I do n't think the soreness goes away , " I say to Manuel and two other co-workers one day .
" You just forget what it 's like not to be sore . "
Manuel , who 's 37 , considers this .
" That 's true , that 's true , " he says .
" It always takes a few weeks at the end of the year to get back to normal , to recover . "
AN OLDER CO - WORKER , Mateo , is the one who eventually guesses that I have joined the crew because I want to write about it .
" That is good , " he says over coffee at his home one Sunday .
" Americans should know the hard work that Mexicans do in this country . "
Mateo is an unusual case .
There are n't many other farmworkers who are still in the fields when they reach their 50s .
It 's simply not possible to do this work for decades and not suffer a permanently hunched back , or crooked fingers , or hands so swollen that they look as if someone has attached a valve to a finger and pumped vigorously .
The punishing nature of the work helps explain why farmworkers do n't live very long ; the National Migrant Resources Program puts their life expectancy at 49 years .
" Are you cutting two rows yet ? "
Mateo asks me .
" Yes , more or less , " I say .
" I thought I 'd be better by now . "
Mateo shakes his head .
" It takes a long time to learn how to really cut lettuce .
It 's not something that you learn after only one season .
Three , maybe four seasons — then you start understanding how to really work with lettuce . "
From the book Working in the Shadows : A Year of Doing the Jobs That ( Most ) Americans Wo n't Do ©2010 by Gabriel Thompson .
Excerpted by arrangement with Nation Books , a member of the Perseus Books Group .
Video instructions
Written instructions
Common advice is to let your body heal a pimple on its own without popping .
However , in the real world , it 's not great for your social life to go around with a bulging white zit for the world to see .
Plus , when done properly , popping a pimple can be beneficial to the healing process .
Reserve this technique only for pimples that are ready to be popped - you can tell it is ready when it has an obvious white or yellow center .
After a shower is best , when the skin is supple , but popping can be successfully performed with dry skin as well .
Follow these steps :
1. Disinfect a needle with rubbing alcohol .
A basic sewing needle is a good choice because sewing needles are strong and sharp .
2. Gently prick the pimple 's surface .
3 . Take two tissues and wrap each of your index fingers with them .
4. Squeeze from the sides , confidently but gently , using a down - and - in motion .
Do n't force it .
If the pimple is ready it will expel its contents onto the surface of the skin .
If it does n't , leave it be .
5 . Stop if clear fluid or blood starts to come out .
6 . Walk away from the mirror !
Continuing to work at a lesion that is not ready to be popped will most definitely introduce unnecessary irritation and can also increase the chance of scarring .
___
Do Not Pop Cystic Lesions :
It is very important to leave large , deep , painful lesions ( nodules and cysts ) untouched .
Do not attempt to pop them .
Instead , make an appointment with your dermatologist for a cortisone shot injection , which will bring down swelling and potentially reduce or eliminate scarring .
Why I 'm ashamed to be a vet : a shocking exposé of the profession that puts pets through ' painful and unnecessary treatments to fleece their trusting owners '
For eight years Matthew Watkinson worked as a vet .
But are vets really the saints they are made out to be ?
Here , Matthew , 32 , now an author , exposes the uncuddly truth about vets that every animal lover should read .
. .
Matthew Watkinson says treating family pets has spawned a whole industry
The greyhound 's soulful eyes seemed to plead with me to help him .
His thin tail tucked between his legs , he stood still with fear on the examination table as the posse of fellow veterinary students listened to the chief lecturer .
Aged 12 , he had bone cancer in a hind leg and it was advanced , we were told .
Looking at the dog , I imagined he'd had a good life .
Obviously , from the condition of his brushed coat , and his muscled body , he had an owner who knew how to care for him .
As a student vet who in a year was to graduate to work in my own practice , I knew what I would recommend if I were this dog's owner - and that was a loving and peaceful death .
But putting the greyhound to sleep and out of his misery was not the correct answer , the lecturer told me quite sternly .
A humane death would not be the course of treatment offered to its owner .
Well , at any rate , not yet .
After all , did n't I realise the advances that had been made in veterinary medicine ?
There were ' options ' that could extend this old dog 's life .
No , instead , its leg was going to be amputated and then a course of chemotherapy would be tried to ensure that ' all was done to save the dog's life ' - at a cost of £ 1,000 to £ 2,000 , or even more .
I have no idea what the owner thought of this .
But , as the majority of pet owners want to do the best by their beloved dog , I can only imagine he or she took this ' chief ' vet 's expensive advice to try to ' save ' the pet .
Meanwhile , I remember pushing down the revulsion I felt about putting the dog through what we all knew would be punishing treatment that in all likelihood would not work .
And even if it did give that greyhound an extra year or so of life , how could anyone explain to it that the suffering was for a reason ?
That lying in a small cage , surgically maimed , and hooked up to a drip for weeks , perhaps months , would be ' worth it ' .
Today I look back on that lecture and realise that already I had begun to question the role of vets in animal ' welfare ' .
' I found myself so disgusted at the moneymaking practices I left the profession altogether '
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
The point is yes , we could treat this dog 's cancer , but was it in the best interests of that dog ?
Morally , should we have even considered further treatment or was it all about making money ?
Of course , back then I avoided becoming embroiled in ethics .
I was just thrilled to be one of the lucky few to have made it into the most prestigious vet school in the country - London 's Royal Veterinary College .
Having had a comprehensive school education , I went into the job because I was fascinated by biology and genuinely wanted to help animals .
And although my parents had good jobs - my mother was a nurse and my father a radiographer - I was the first person in my family to go to university , and understandably my family was incredibly proud of my achievement .
So , despite the doubts already beginning to form in my mind , I ploughed on .
A year after the greyhound incident I graduated and took my veterinary oath , which all vets swear to , promising ' to ensure the welfare of animals committed to my care ' .
Back then , I had no concept that far from the saviours of animals they purport to be , the blame for much animal suffering in the UK can be laid so firmly at the door of vets .
I had no idea that I would ultimately be driven to confess that I am ashamed to be a vet and that , eight years after qualifying , I would find myself so disgusted at the moneymaking practices that I would leave the profession altogether .
Of course , not all vets deliberately set out to make as much money as they can out of treating animals .
But money - not the welfare of the animal - is often at the forefront of the vet 's mind .
Of course there are outright cowboys in any field and the veterinary profession is sadly no exception .
Today you will notice more and more practices have sprung up throughout the country - especially in those affluent areas where the middle - class residents treat their pets as part of their family .
One might imagine that because there are so many more vets that animals need more medical help than ever .
But the truth is far simpler .
A whole industry has arisen out of squeezing the most money out of treating family pets .
During the ' health check ' that goes with a jab visit , it is amazing how many problems the vet might find
It is not unheard of for vets to Google a pet owner 's home to see which area the family live in .
Big house in a posh road - well , you can offer more treatment to that pet owner , of course .
I never witnessed this in my practice , but I heard of it happening .
Charge more for your services so a vaccination that costs a few pence becomes a £ 35 ' consultation ' .
And that is n't all .
While the owner might believe he or she is only taking their cat for a vaccination ( and I have no problem with sensible preventative healthcare ) for the vet , this visit can be a way to make even more money out of a perfectly healthy animal .
During the ' health check ' which accompanies the vaccination visit , it is amazing the potential ' problems ' the vet might find .
So your vet discovers your cat has a seemingly innocuous chipped tooth ?
I have known of cat owners told that despite the fact their cat is perfectly fine - and frankly animals in the wild break their teeth all the time and do not need expensive dentistry work - that to remove the tooth is justified ' just in case ' it later causes a problem .
Having a tooth removed , especially a canine tooth , is major surgery - costing upwards if £ 100 - and should only be done if the cat is suffering because of it .
But more often than not , a loving owner will trust their vet and sadly go along with surgery that is not only unnecessary but plain risky for a pet who does not need it .
Similarly , I have known vets suggest doing an ' exploratory ' operation on a cat just because it had been sick .
But like humans , cats and dogs get sick from time to time .
The best response is to wait and see , not offer a battery of blood tests and invasive operations .
Having allowed their pet to have such an operation , the owner when the pet recovers will put this down to the operation being a success .
It is not : if nothing was found , your pet would have begun feeling better anyway .
Possibly sooner .
Sadly , the best way to deal with many problems is not to treat at all .
Small animals such as guinea pigs and rabbits should be put to sleep if they present with an illness that can't be easily rectified with a dose of antibiotics .
Their lives should not be prolonged at all cost .
If your cat or dog gets cancer you should not , in my opinion , subject it to long , torturous treatment .
Nor should cats that are run over and experience a complex injury or bladder problems - sadly an all - too - common feature of road accidents as the car catches the back of the cat as it tries to escape - endure lots of operations in the hope that the problems can be cured .
Even if they can be - eventually - I believe putting any animal through this is barbaric .
One problem is that overtreating pets has been made to look as if it is normal by programmes such as the BBC's Super Vets , last shown in 2007 , where it was usual to subject animals that , frankly , should have been put to sleep to whatever it took to get them well .
This is cruel as caging an animal for a long time is not , in my view , thinking of its ' welfare ' .
Which brings me to another issue that helps vets to carry out these expensive and totally unnecessary procedures - pet insurance .
These days , pet insurance is pushed as a ' necessity ' .
Sit in any vet 's surgery and you are left in no doubt as you survey the dozens of adverts for it that ' good ' owners have it while ' bad ' owners do not .
' However you look at it , pet insurance is simply a licence to print money '
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
So unsurprisingly , the average middle - class family feels more comfortable having this insurance .
They have medical insurance for their children , so it 's only natural that they want the same for their family dog or cat .
Insurance for a pet dog or cat costs on average from £ 60 to £ 250 a year .
Worryingly , if you have pet insurance you can be sure your vet is more likely to offer your pet treatments - because your vet knows you wo n't be paying so you can afford it .
But , however you look at it , insurance is simply a licence to print money .
Unfortunately , the only creatures insurance helps are vets .
If you are a loving owner you will not want to put your pet through cruel , lengthy and costly procedures .
And as this is all insurers cover - they do not provide for any useful essentials such as neutering , vaccinations or teeth cleaning - there is no point to them .
But vets are n't only guilty of treating animals when there is no problem .
Sadly they are guilty of creating problems in the first place .
Take bulldogs .
They have been hideously bred to have a characteristic collapsed face .
This restricts breathing and stops them panting properly .
Ridiculous as it may seem , they have also created an animal that can't breathe fast enough to have sex .
So a bulldog must be artificially inseminated by a vet using a general anaesthetic .
Once pregnant , the bulldog faces another dreadful side effect , again caused by breeding .
Bulldogs have such a small pelvis that most are unable to give birth naturally .
So 90 per cent of bulldogs require a Caesarean .
If the vet were truly putting the animal first , he would refuse to inseminate a bulldog in the first place .
Instead , to ensure the welfare of the bulldog , vets should be insisting that pregnancies only occur in bulldogs that can mate naturally .
But , of course , they wo n't say that or refuse the breeder 's wishes - after all , as a vet you are making money out of all of these medical procedures .
An insemination costs around £ 80 to £ 300 depending on the exact procedure and a Caesarean £ 500 .
Vets have created their own market
One of the reasons there are so many vets now is that vets have created their own market .
I find it outrageous that , given their role , any vet criticises Cruft 's for exhibiting these dog breeds .
After all , it is the vets themselves who have aided and abetted these atrocities .
And this practice certainly is n't confined to bulldogs .
We have daschunds bred with elongated spines so they look ' attractive ' for their breed .
But these sausage dogs are prone to slipped discs and back problems which , in turn , makes more money for vets who do many operations a year to ' help ' these issues ( most of which do not work and cause more suffering to the dog . )
We have cats that can't breathe because of their overly flat noses and weep constantly from eyes that are too large , other cats and dogs without fur that can't go out in the sunshine as they will burn .
The current fashionable craze for miniature dogs is also damaging .
These dogs are prized on their tininess - so the smallest dogs are chosen but in reality these are the runts of the litter that used to be allowed to die as they were so weak .
In turn vets are simply creating weaker animals .
They are going against the force of nature , Charles Darwin 's natural selection .
And because weaker animals are surviving they need more medical care from vets who force them to survive .
This is great news for vets and the reason for their proliferation .
But surely not for animal welfare , which they pledged , when they took their veterinary oath , to put first .
So where does the loving pet owner stand in all this ?
Common sense must prevail .
A loving pet owner does not humanise their cat or dog but realises it is an animal .
The loving owner does not want to maximise their pet 's life at any cost but puts their animal 's welfare first .
Do not fear the death of your pet when the time comes .
Instead , embrace it and ensure your pet has a good death in the same way you gave it a good life .
• On The Destiny Of Species by Matthew Watkinson costs £ 7.64 through Amazon .
A man accused of running one of the world 's largest music sharing websites was today acquitted of conspiracy to defraud .
Alan Ellis , 26 , was accused of making hundreds of thousands of pounds from the Oink website , which he ran from his own bedroom .
However , a jury at Teesside Crown Court unanimously cleared the software engineer of the single charge .
Mr Ellis , of Grange Road , Middlesbrough , smiled as the jury foreman returned the not guilty verdict .
He declined to speak as he left the court .
Mr Ellis , a £ 35,000 a year software engineer , said he set up Oink in his bedroom to brush up on his computing skills while a student at Teesside University .
When police raided his terraced home in October 2007 , they found almost 300,000 dollars in his accounts and the site had 200,000 members , who had downloaded 21 million files .
Mr Ellis said the donations were to pay for the server 's rental and any " surplus " was intended to eventually buy a server .
He agreed he had about 10 bank accounts with about £ 20,000 in savings when police raided the house he shared in Middlesbrough .
Giving evidence , he explained why he set up the website .
" It was to further my skills .
To better my skills for employability , " he said .
Mr Ellis said the website was developed from a free template , which had a Torrent file - sharing facility included in it .
It allowed members to find other people on the web who were prepared to share files - allowing users to get hold of music for free .
Users were required to make a donation to be able to invite friends to join the site , the court heard .
Oink did not host any music itself , it indexed the files users had available on their computers for others to download .
Mr Ellis , who was born in Leeds and grew up in south Manchester , studying A - levels in Cheadle , said there was no intention to defraud copyright holders .
He had a full - time job as a software engineer and said administering the site was just a hobby .
Opening the case for the prosecution , Peter Makepeace told jurors : " This is not about prosecuting some poor minnow who has taped a record one night and circulated it to their friends .
" This is about large scale , professional , clever , technical ripping off . "
The prosecution said he told police officers : " All I do is really like Google , to really provide a connection between people .
None of the music is on my website . "
Chief Superintendent Mark Braithwaite , head of crime operations for Cleveland Police , said : " This has been a fair investigation .
" The jury has been presented with all the evidence and we abide by their decision . "
The Crown Prosecution Service defended the decision to prosecute Mr Ellis .
Across the USA , women prisoners have been chained while giving birth to prevent them from escaping , but some states are abandoning the practice in all but exceptional circumstances , as Laura Trevelyan explains .
The charges against Tina were dropped but the memory of what happened will never leave her
Tina
Torres shows me the scars on her ankles , which just will not disappear .
She has tried all manner of creams but the marks from the leg - irons she wore while she was in labour with her daughter Adora are there for life .
Tina was in a Philadelphia jail waiting to be tried when she went into labour and was taken to hospital under armed guard .
Her arms were crossed and her wrists were chained with a lock box .
Her ankles were shackled together with leg - irons .
Only when she had an emergency caesarean section did the chains come off .
They were replaced immediately after the operation , to prevent her from escaping .
The leg - irons closed in on her ankles , cutting into her flesh until she was bleeding .
Tina feels she was treated like an animal and says no woman should have to go through what she endured .
The charges against Tina were dropped but the memory of what happened will never leave her .
' Handcuffed to bed ' Inside the Riverside Correctional Facility in Philadelphia , a women 's jail where two thirds of the inmates are waiting to be tried , the prison commissioner has now changed the policy on shackling during labour and delivery .
Tougher sentencing has led to many more women going to prison Women no longer give birth in chains .
For Rose Marie , a former inmate who now helps with a mural - painting programme inside the jail , that change came too late .
She gave birth to her son with her wrist handcuffed to the hospital bed .
" I begged them to help me , " Rose Marie told me , " but they would n't .
It was horrible .
I nearly broke my arm trying to get in the right position to give birth to my son . "
" Would you have tried to escape while you were in labour , " I asked .
Rose Marie looked at me in disbelief .
" Of course not , " she said , " it was the last thing on my mind , I was having a baby . "
The Philadelphia prison commissioner Lou Giorla was lobbied to change the policy on shackling by the Maternity Care Coalition , a group which runs classes inside the jail for pregnant prisoners , to help prepare them for the birth .
Staff also act as doulas , or birth partners , for the inmates .
Danyelle Williams , a forthright woman who teaches the classes , told me she was shocked when she saw a prisoner giving birth shackled .
" These women are not Hannibal Lecter , " Danyelle told me .
Few defenders
The prison commissioner explained that , once he was convinced there was not a risk to the public , he decided to change the policy on shackling .
Even if Senator Leach 's bill passes and female prisoners in Pennsylvania do not have to give birth in chains any more , they are still parted from their babies at birth
" An escape is the worst thing that can happen in our business , " Lou Giorla reminded me .
Prisoner 's rights are not exactly a high political priority in America , where the emphasis is on making it , not failing .
America has a quarter of the world 's prisoners , despite having about 5 % of the globe 's population .
But even in a society with such high incarceration rates , shackling is a policy with few defenders .
So says Daylin Leach , a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate , who has brought forward a bill to end shackling in all the state 's jails .
So far he has encountered little opposition and hopes it will become law at the end of this month .
That would make Pennsylvania the seventh state to ban shackling during labour in all but exceptional circumstances .
But even if Senator Leach 's bill passes and female prisoners in Pennsylvania do not have to give birth in chains any more , they are still parted from their babies at birth .
' Second chance '
There are only a few prison nurseries in American jails .
Yet the number of women in prison increased by a staggering 800 % in the 30 years between 1977 and 2007 , so the prison system is having to confront the problem of mothers in jail .
Kimberly Foster was expecting her fifth child when I spoke to her .
She was preparing to have her baby fostered by a family from the Mennonite religious community in Pennsylvania .
Kimberly wept as she told me how hard it was going to be for her to have the child , then hand it over to strangers and return to a place she hates .
" I am never coming back here , " she told me .
" I made bad decisions , things did n't work out , but this time I want to fulfil my potential . "
Lauren Butler , who had her first baby just two days before I interviewed her , was equally determined .
" Giving birth to my son has changed my life , " she said .
A few days later , Lauren was released and she was reunited with her baby , given the second chance she so desperately wanted .
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent BBC Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) BBC World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Britain lines up behind US aggression in Yemen
6 January 2010
Once again , the British ruling class has become the first to line up full - square behind the latest military provocation being prepared by Washington .
After its participation in the wars of aggression against Afghanistan and Iraq , as well as its support for attacks inside Pakistan , Britain has joined with the US in making Yemen the next target .
Washington is intent on utilising the failed attempt to explode a bomb on Detroit - bound Northwest Flight 253 on Christmas Day as a pretext for further intervention in this poverty - stricken country .
On the basis of reported links between Nigerian student Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab and Al Qaeda elements in Yemen , President Barack Obama has pledged that “ all elements of US power ” will be brought to bear against the country , amidst reports that military targets are already being selected .
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown responded most eagerly to this US belligerence .
He immediately ordered UK airports to introduce full body scanners , despite the fact that Europe has declared these devices to be in breach of human rights .
Brown also announced an international meeting in London at the end of this month to discuss Yemen and said that Britain will participate in a joint US - UK anti-terror programme in the country .
The meeting is to run in conjunction with a planned conference on Afghanistan , aimed at deepening the military involvement of the European countries in the increasingly bloody US - led occupation .
The prime minister ’s readiness to back Washington ’s threats against Yemen comes despite serious questions over the attempted airline bombing .
Not least of these is how it was that Abdulmutallab managed to board the flight , given that he was on a security watch list and his father had reported him as a potential terrorist threat to Nigerian and American authorities .
Brown ’s response confirms that no real change in policy was involved in the transfer of power from Tony Blair to himself .
The UK continues to function as something akin to a European proxy of Langley , Virginia , and the White House .
More is involved than mere electioneering on the part of Brown in advance of a national election , or simply bowing to the demands of the UK ’s more powerful ally .
What has been exposed by Brown ’s flurry of announcements is the extent to which Britain and the US are already involved in Yemen .
The prime minister initially claimed he had decided to participate in a joint anti-terror programme with Washington after a personal phone conversation with Obama .
Interviewed by the BBC ’s Andrew Marr on Sunday , Brown conceded that the operation was already underway .
“ The truth is we 've been doing this for some time , ” he admitted .
When asked about the joint programme , an unnamed Washington official told the Associated Press that there was no new initiative .
American and British forces were already assisting Yemeni security forces in “ anti- terror ” operations .
US Senator Joseph Lieberman , chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee , was reported in the UK - based Telegraph as saying , “ We have a growing presence there — and we have to — of special operations , Green Berets , intelligence . ”
The implication of Brown ’s admission is that there are also British special forces on the ground in Yemen alongside those of the US .
Days before the failed airline bombing , it was revealed that Obama had personally given the order for US air strikes on the Abyan village of al Maajala in Yemen .
The December 17 strikes , which killed some 120 people , were apparently coordinated with the US - backed dictatorship of Yemen President Ali Abdallah Saleh .
Brown , like Blair , does not intend to be left out of “ tomorrow ’s war . ”
While it may seem astonishing that Britain , more heavily mired in debt than any other developed country and already over - extended militarily , should get embroiled in yet another war , for the ruling elite there is no choice but to follow the US lead .
In fact , Britain ’s desperate economic and financial condition is driving it into new military adventures .
Britain can plausibly bring some highly relevant experience in Yemen to the table .
Under the Labour government of Harold Wilson in the 1960s , it fought one of its last colonial wars in part of the territory that became Yemen .
And a savage war it was .
BBC correspondent Brian Barron , who covered what was known as the “ Aden Emergency , ” recalled , “ One steamy morning in the Crater district [ the Arab district of the port of Aden ]
I arrived to find Colonel Colin Mitchell — known to the media as Mad Mitch because of his gung - ho style — directing a group of squaddies who were stacking , like a butcher ’s delivery , the corpses of six Arabs on the pavement .
They ’d been shot as they tried to ambush a patrol .
‘ It was like shooting grouse , ’ said the Colonel , ‘ A brace here and a brace there .
It was over in seconds . ’ ”
This casual attitude to colonial brutality characterised the British occupation .
What Brown and Obama now describe as a “ failed state ” is in large part the creation of that colonial experience .
Britain ’s involvement is also dictated by Yemen ’s geo-strategic importance .
Aden , a valuable deep water port , sits directly on the main world shipping lane that links the Far East to Europe and America .
It controls access to the Red Sea and the Suez Canal .
That is why it was so crucial to the British and why , when Britain was eventually forced to withdraw in 1967 , the US took over efforts to maintain control of Yemen through its proxy in the region , Saudi Arabia .
Between 1962 and 1970 , Saudi Arabia backed royalist forces against the Republic of Yemen , which had the support of Egypt and the Soviet Union in the North Yemen civil war .
After British withdrawal , South Yemen aligned itself with the Soviet Union .
A united Yemen did not come into existence until 1990 .
When Yemen refused to support the First Gulf War in early 1991 , Saudi Arabia responded by expelling one million Yemeni workers , adding to the country ’s poverty and instability .
The legacy of colonialism and Cold War conflicts ensures that , despite having one of the finest harbours in the world , Yemen remains the poorest Arab state .
Most of the country ’s population of 25 million live on less than $ 2 a day .
The real target of the US and UK military is not Al Qaeda , but the Yemeni civilian population .
The use of air power against civilians is a modern version of the British tactic of bombing the villages of rebel tribes .
This state terror has been taken to a new level of destructiveness , but the purpose is strikingly similar .
The intention of the US is to extend its colonial control over this strategic region .
Britain , the former colonial power , is intent on securing its share of the spoils .
The opening of a new front in the so - called “ war on terror ” will have incalculable consequences .
Brown stated specifically that Britain would assist Yemen in developing its coastguard .
Last October , the Yemeni coastguard seized an Iranian vessel which was alleged to be carrying weapons to Houthi rebels in northern Yemen .
With the world ’s shipping passing through the Gulf of Aden , such a naval policy has explosive global implications .
The prospect of Yemen impounding merchant vessels with British and US - backing threatens to spark any number of international conflicts .
Ann Talbot
Ann Talbot
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The FBI broke the law by improperly obtaining thousands of telephone records in terrorism investigations from 2003 to 2006 , the U.S. Justice Department ’s inspector general said on Wednesday .
“ This report examines in detail the flawed practices that the FBI used to obtain thousands of telephone records , and the accountability of FBI employees for these troubling practices , ” Inspector General Glenn Fine said .
“ The FBI has been granted expanded authority to obtain telephone records when handling its critical responsibilities .
At the same time , the FBI must use this authority in accord with the law and department policies , ” he said .
The report could add to criticism of the FBI , which already faces questions in Congress about whether it did enough to prevent a shooting rampage at a U.S.
Army base in November and how it handled an investigation into an attempt to blow up an airplane as it approached Detroit on Christmas Day .
Senator Patrick Leahy , the Judiciary Committee chairman , said : “ When Americans break the law , there are consequences .
No one in the FBI should be above the law . ”
The 289 - page report said the FBI issued more than 700 letters citing “ exigent circumstances ” in seeking records on more than 2,000 different telephone numbers from 2003 to 2006 .
Many of the investigations did not involve emergency or life - threatening circumstances , the report said , and the FBI inaccurately said grand jury subpoenas had been sought for the records .
An earlier report in 2007 found the FBI abused its power by illegally or improperly obtaining telephone , financial and other secret records in investigations of terrorism or espionage suspects .
The inspector general ’s previous reports concluded the FBI ’s use of the so - called exigent letters circumvented the requirements of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act and violated the attorney general ’s guidelines and FBI policy .
INFORMAL REQUESTS FOR PHONE RECORDS
The new report also found widespread use of even more informal requests for telephone records , instead of following the appropriate legal process .
It said the FBI requested records by email , in face - to - face and telephone conversations , or even in some cases by writing them on post - it notes .
It also obtained records using a practice referred to by the FBI and telephone companies as “ sneak peeks . ”
The report said an FBI unit made informal requests for records associated with at least 3,500 telephone numbers .
At times , telephone company employees simply invited FBI personnel to view the records on their computer screens .
One senior FBI counterterrorism official described the casual requests for telephone records by saying , “ It like having the ATM in your living room , ” according to the report .
Fine urged the FBI and the Justice Department to take additional steps to make sure the bureau obtains such records in accord with the law and with Justice Department policies and to make sure past abuses do no recur .
He recommended that the FBI review the conduct of the individuals involved and determine whether discipline or other action would be appropriate .
The FBI said in a statement that it never obtained the content of any telephone conversations , only the telephone toll billing records .
“ The ... report finds no intentional attempts to obtain records that counterterrorism personnel knew they were not legally entitled to obtain , ” FBI spokesman Mike Kortan said .
EVIDENCE OF A CHANGED CLIMATE – AND A DOUBLE STANDARD ….
Oh good , Liz Cheney has a new message to share .
In their eagerness to place blame on President Obama for the attempted Christmas Day terrorist attack , Republicans have argued that the president waited too long to talk publicly about the matter ….
Liz Cheney ’s neoconservative political attack organization , Keep America Safe , is out with a new ad titled “ 100 hours . ”
Replete with images of Obama golfing , the ad — which imitates the TV show 24 — ends with the question , “ How long did it take you to realize the system failed ? ”
Of course , while Obama was n’t speaking publicly about the terrorist incident , he was directing an immediate federal response .
There are three angles to this to consider .
The first is that Cheney ’s attack against the president is another reminder that strategic thinking is not one of the right ’s strengths .
The White House chose to delay the public response to deliberately send a message and deny terrorists a p.r. victory .
This fairly basic idea seems to be going right over the heads of right - wing activists , including Liz Cheney .
It seems as if they ’re not quite sharp enough to realize that their whining only makes them appear more confused .
The second , of course , is the hypocrisy .
Liz Cheney worked for the Bush / Cheney administration , which faced a nearly identical terrorist attempt in 2001 .
If we ’re counting hours — and “ Keep America Safe ” thinks we should — it took Bush 144 hours to even acknowledge that the attempted attack had occurred .
A total of 168 hours later , Bush delivered a weekly address , and ignored the failed attack altogether .
Obama , in contrast , delivered three public speeches and a weekly address in the wake of the failed Christmas plot , and released a security review and a new directive on corrective actions .
Which president seemed more engaged ?
And third , it ’s easy to forget eight years later what the political climate was like in 2001 , but try to imagine , just for a moment , what would have happened if , say , MoveOn.org had launched an attack against Bush / Cheney eight years ago , insisting that the White House failed to respond to the shoe - bomb attempt in a credible way .
It ’s not tough to guess — MoveOn would be attacked viciously for trying to undermine the Commander in Chief in a time of war .
Words like “ traitor ” and “ treason ” would be thrown around casually , and assorted media personalities would ask why the group would do promotional work to help terrorists and other American enemies .
Democratic leaders would immediately be pressured to distance themselves from the group , and many no doubt would .
Liz Cheney , however , is not only free of any such criticism , she ’s a fixture in American media , as if her attacks were reasonable , legitimate , and mainstream .
The rules , apparently , have changed rather dramatically .
Lloyd Webber wrote the UK's 2009 Eurovision Song Contest entry
Composer Andrew Lloyd Webber , 61 , has been diagnosed with prostate cancer , it has been disclosed .
His spokesman said in a statement that the condition was currently in its very early stages .
" Andrew is now undergoing treatment and expects to be fully back at work before the end of the year , " it said .
Lord Lloyd Webber , composer of Jesus Christ Superstar and Joseph and the Technicolor Dreamcoat , is set to judge a BBC talent show next year .
Lord Lloyd Webber is best known for his musicals which include Evita , Starlight Express and The Phantom of the Opera .
Earlier this month , he launched his new musical Love Never Dies , a sequel to Phantom of the Opera which is due to open in February next year .
He has led three successful BBC series which cast leads for West End musicals : How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria ? , Any Dream Will Do and I 'd Do Anything !
Next year he will launch a new BBC show to find Dorothy and Toto for a new theatrical production of The Wizard of Oz .
He owns seven London theatres including the Theatre Royal Drury Lane and the London Palladium .
Prostate cancer affects around 35,000 men in the UK each year and kills just over 10,000 .
Description :
As reported earlier , filmmaker James O'Keefe has been arrested in a bizarre incident , accused of helping others wiretap the New Orleans offices of Sen. Mary Landrieu , D - La.
O'Keefe gained notoriety for film a series of damning videos about ACORN .
Here is the affidavit filed by the FBI Read more at the Washington Examiner : http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/opinion/blogs/beltway-confidential/FBI-affidavit-against-ACORN-filmmakeractivist-82723992.html?#ixzz0doV7dErX
Graphene and carbon nanotubes have a combination of excellent electrical properties and light weight that may eventually revolutionize electronics and energy storage technologies .
But for now , most of their applications remain stuck in research labs , as producing them in bulk and then incorporating them into a device have both proven to be challenging .
Now , some researchers at Stanford may have overcome the latter hurdle : they 've managed to create a carbon nanotube ink that can easily be printed onto commercially available paper , which can then be directly incorporated into batteries and capacitors .
This is n't the first time that batteries based on a paper - nanotube combination have been demonstrated .
But the earlier work involved a complex production process that required layering the nanotubes on a solid substrate and then forming paper around them .
The new work dispenses with most of that complexity .
The first step in the process involves dissolving a mixture of carbon nanotubes in an aqueous solution ; for that , the authors relied on sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate , a close cousin of the detergent SDS , which is both commonly used and inexpensive .
Typically , solutions such as this are applied to metallic or polymer substrates , after which elaborate means are necessary to remove the solvent and detergent ; these often end up damaging the nanotube sheets .
For this research , the authors simply applied the solution directly to some commercial Xerox paper .
The paper has a number of advantages aside from being cheap and easy to obtain .
The primary one is that it can wick away the detergent solution that was used to carry the carbon nanotubes , along with any washes that are used to ensure that the detergent is eliminated .
As a consequence , the resulting paper - nanotube sheets are evenly coated and stay intact through multiple washes — something that 's not true for nanotube sheets deposited on a polymer .
The nanotube sheets also remained in contact with the paper when it was rolled up , and survived what the authors termed the " Scotch tape test " — sticking a piece of tape to the surface and peeling it off did n't damage anything .
The authors were even able to pattern the nanotube layer simply by applying it with a paintbrush ( one image in the paper suggests that the research team included someone adept at Chinese character calligraphy ) .
The paper , once coated , also survived months in solution without apparent degradation .
How did the resulting material perform ?
The authors obtained resistance values of about 10 ?/ square ( a measure of resistance for square surfaces that 's independent of units of distance ) .
By contrast , a surface prepared with metallic nanofibers — silver , in this case — had a value of about 1 ?/ square .
So , it 's fairly conductive , but not quite as good as typical conductors .
But the authors were able to demonstrate that the nanotubes have a number of distinct advantages .
For one , we already know that they make excellent substrates for the production of supercapacitors .
The authors showed that their material outperformed anything currently on the market when it comes to energy and power density .
The long - term stability was also excellent , as they ran one device through 40,000 charge cycles with only a 0.6 percent loss of capacitance .
They also used the paper - nanotube combination as a charge collector for a lithium battery ( the portion of the device that moves charges from the lithium - based storage materials to the actual electrodes ) .
Again , the material had excellent performance and stability ; more importantly , they weighed far less than the materials typically used for this purpose .
It 's a little tough doing direct comparisons between these test devices and materials already on the market .
For example , the authors provide a value for their capacitor in watt - hours / kg that 's comparable to the value for lead - acid batteries , which would be huge .
But the figure only applies to the nanotube ingredient , rather than the entire battery , so it seems like an unfair comparison .
Still , the nanotube - paper combination has a number of significant advantages : it 's lightweight , simple to make , will get cheaper as we get better at making nanotubes , and it provides decent performance in energy storage devices .
It 's also possible that a paper that 's a bit more specialized than the stock they kept for the lab printer would boost some of these properties further .
Even if there are other materials that outperform it on some measures , charge storage applications require a balancing of price , weight , performance , charge density , and durability .
It 's possible that nanotube - coated paper will be in the sweet spot for some applications .
PNAS , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0908858106
To the editor :
Many people say that humans are n’t capable of causing or affecting global climate change .
I beg to differ .
Since the end of the Pleistocene ice age around 10,000 B.C.E. , homo sapiens have greatly influenced the Holocene ( current ) environment ; while all organisms influence their environments to some degree , few have ever changed the globe as much , or as fast , as our species is doing .
The past 10,000 years have witnessed the rise and fall of all its civilizations up to now .
The collapse of the Roman and Mayan civilizations was accelerated by unchecked population growth , overfarming and deforestation .
One need only look to China to see human - caused climate change happening in real time .
Desertification has affected 28 percent of China ’s land mass , with 18 percent of the country turning to waste through the effects of overgrazing , deforestation , open - pit coal mining and a host of other negative human activities .
The expanding deserts then spawn massive sandstorms that lay waste to even larger areas and bring Beijing to a grinding halt .
The root problem is simply our sheer numbers as a species .
The Roman Empire grew so vast it could n’t feed its people .
Unchecked population growth is the cause ; the billions of tons of pollution from coal plants and hundreds of millions of cars is simply the catalyst by which the climate is affected .
Can global warming / climate change be blamed solely on humanity ?
Of course not .
However , any attempt to blame everything BUT mankind is ludicrous .
Denying it wo n’t make it go away .
TIMBUKTU , Mali ( Reuters ) -
In early 2008 , an official at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security sent a report to his superiors detailing what he called “ the most significant development in the criminal exploitation of aircraft since 9/11 . ”
A policeman patrols a market in central Timbuktu December 28 , 2009 .
The fabled city is in the Sahel region of northern Mali .
The area has become a stronghold for a franchise of Al Qaeda , and a hub for trafficking cocaine from South America by air , which is then smuggled onto Europe .
REUTERS / Tim Gaynor
The document warned that a growing fleet of rogue jet aircraft was regularly crisscrossing the Atlantic Ocean .
On one end of the air route , it said , are cocaine - producing areas in the Andes controlled by the leftist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia .
On the other are some of West Africa ’s most unstable countries .
The report , a copy of which was obtained by Reuters , was ignored , and the problem has since escalated into what security officials in several countries describe as a global security threat .
The clandestine fleet has grown to include twin - engine turboprops , executive jets and retired Boeing 727s that are flying multi-ton loads of cocaine and possibly weapons to an area in Africa where factions of al Qaeda are believed to be facilitating the smuggling of drugs to Europe , the officials say .
Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) has been held responsible for car and suicide bombings in Algeria and Mauritania .
Gunmen and bandits with links to AQIM have also stepped up kidnappings of Europeans for ransom , who are then passed on to AQIM factions seeking ransom payments .
The aircraft hopscotch across South American countries , picking up tons of cocaine and jet fuel , officials say .
They then soar across the Atlantic to West Africa and the Sahel , where the drugs are funneled across the Sahara Desert and into Europe .
An examination of documents and interviews with officials in the United States and three West African nations suggest that at least 10 aircraft have been discovered using this air route since 2006 .
Officials warn that many of these aircraft were detected purely by chance .
They caution that the real number involved in the networks is likely considerably higher .
Alexandre Schmidt , regional representative for West and Central Africa for the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , cautioned in Dakar this week that the aviation network has expanded in the past 12 months and now likely includes several Boeing 727 aircraft .
“ When you have this high capacity for transporting drugs into West Africa , this means that you have the capacity to transport as well other goods , so it is definitely a threat to security anywhere in the world , ” said Schmidt .
The “ other goods ” officials are most worried about are weapons that militant organizations can smuggle on the jet aircraft .
A Boeing 727 can handle up to 10 tons of cargo .
The U.S. official who wrote the report for the Department of Homeland Security said the al Qaeda connection was unclear at the time .
The official is a counter - narcotics aviation expert who asked to remain anonymous as he is not authorized to speak on the record .
He said he was dismayed by the lack of attention to the matter since he wrote the report .
“ You ’ve got an established terrorist connection on this side of the Atlantic .
Now on the Africa side you have the al Qaeda connection and it ’s extremely disturbing and a little bit mystifying that it ’s not one of the top priorities of the government , ” he said .
Since the September 11 attacks , the security system for passenger air traffic has been ratcheted up in the United States and throughout much of the rest of the world , with the latest measures imposed just weeks ago after a failed bomb attempt on a Detroit - bound plane on December 25 .
“ The bad guys have responded with their own aviation network that is out there everyday flying loads and moving contraband , ” said the official , “ and the government seems to be oblivious to it . ”
The upshot , he said , is that militant organizations -- including groups like the FARC and al Qaeda -- have the “ power to move people and material and contraband anywhere around the world with a couple of fuel stops . ”
The lucrative drug trade is already having a deleterious impact on West African nations .
Local authorities told Reuters they are increasingly outgunned and unable to stop the smugglers .
And significantly , many experts say , the drug trafficking is bringing in huge revenues to groups that say they are part of al Qaeda .
It ’s swelling not just their coffers but also their ranks , they say , as drug money is becoming an effective recruiting tool in some of the world ’s most desperately poor regions .
U.S. President Barack Obama has chided his intelligence officials for not pooling information “ to connect those dots ” to prevent threats from being realized .
But these dots , scattered across two continents like flaring traces on a radar screen , remain largely unconnected and the fleets themselves are still flying .
THE AFRICAN CONNECTION
The deadly cocaine trade always follows the money , and its cash - flush traffickers seek out the routes that are the mostly lightly policed .
Beset by corruption and poverty , weak countries across West Africa have become staging platforms for transporting between 30 tons and 100 tons of cocaine each year that ends up in Europe , according to U.N. estimates .
Drug trafficking , though on a much smaller scale , has existed here and elsewhere on the continent since at least the late 1990s , according to local authorities and U.S. enforcement officials .
Earlier this decade , sea interdictions were stepped up .
So smugglers developed an air fleet that is able to transport tons of cocaine from the Andes to African nations that include Mauritania , Mali , Sierra Leone and Guinea Bissau .
What these countries have in common are numerous disused landing strips and makeshift runways -- most without radar or police presence .
Guinea Bissau has no aviation radar at all .
As fleets grew , so , too , did the drug trade .
The DEA says all aircraft seized in West Africa had departed Venezuela .
That nation ’s location on the Caribbean and Atlantic seaboard of South America makes it an ideal takeoff place for drug flights bound for Africa , they say .
A number of aircraft have been retrofitted with additional fuel tanks to allow in - flight refueling -- a technique innovated by Mexico ’s drug smugglers .
( Cartel pilots there have been known to stretch an aircraft ’s flight range by putting a water mattress filled with aviation fuel in the cabin , then stacking cargoes of marijuana bundles on top to act as an improvised fuel pump . )
Ploys used by the cartel aviators to mask the flights include fraudulent pilot certificates , false registration documents and altered tail numbers to steer clear of law enforcement lookout lists , investigators say .
Some aircraft have also been found without air - worthiness certificates or log books .
When smugglers are forced to abandon them , they torch them to destroy forensic and other evidence like serial numbers .
The evidence suggests that some Africa - bound cocaine jets also file a regional flight plan to avoid arousing suspicion from investigators .
They then subsequently change them at the last minute , confident that their switch will go undetected .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
One Gulfstream II jet , waiting with its engines running to take on 2.3 tons of cocaine at Margarita Island in Venezuela , requested a last - minute flight plan change to war - ravaged Sierra Leone in West Africa .
It was nabbed moments later by Venezuelan troops , the report seen by Reuters showed .
Once airborne , the planes soar to altitudes used by commercial jets .
They have little fear of interdiction as there is no long - range radar coverage over the Atlantic .
Current detection efforts by U.S. authorities , using fixed radar and P3 aircraft , are limited to traditional Caribbean and north Atlantic air and marine transit corridors .
The aircraft land at airports , disused runways or improvised air strips in Africa .
One bearing a false Red Cross emblem touched down without authorization onto an unlit strip at Lungi International Airport in Sierra Leone in 2008 , according to a U.N. report .
Late last year a Boeing 727 landed on an improvised runway using the hard - packed sand of a Tuareg camel caravan route in Mali , where local officials said smugglers offloaded between 2 and 10 tons of cocaine before dousing the jet with fuel and burning it after it failed to take off again .
For years , traffickers in Mexico have bribed officials to allow them to land and offload cocaine flights at commercial airports .
That ’s now happening in Africa as well .
In July 2008 , troops in coup - prone Guinea Bissau secured Bissau international airport to allow an unscheduled cocaine flight to land , according to Edmundo Mendes , a director with the Judicial Police .
“ When we got there , the soldiers were protecting the aircraft , ” said Mendes , who tried to nab the Gulfstream II jet packed with an estimated $ 50 million in cocaine but was blocked by the military .
“ The soldiers verbally threatened us , ” he said .
The cocaine was never recovered .
Just last week , Reuters photographed two aircraft at Osvaldo Vieira International Airport in Guinea Bissau -- one had been dispatched by traffickers from Senegal to try to repair the other , a Gulfstream II jet , after it developed mechanical problems .
Police seized the second aircraft .
FLYING BLIND
One of the clearest indications of how much this aviation network has advanced was the discovery , on November 2 , of the burned out fuselage of an aging Boeing 727 .
Local authorities found it resting on its side in rolling sands in Mali .
In several ways , the use of such an aircraft marks a significant advance for smugglers .
Boeing jetliners , like the one discovered in Mali , can fly a cargo of several tons into remote areas .
They also require a three - man crew -- a pilot , co pilot and flight engineer , primarily to manage the complex fuel system dating from an era before automation .
Hundreds of miles to the west , in the sultry , former Portuguese colony of Guinea Bissau , national Interpol director Calvario Ahukharie said several abandoned airfields , including strips used at one time by the Portuguese military , had recently been restored by “ drug mafias ” for illicit flights .
“ In the past , the planes coming from Latin America usually landed at Bissau airport , ” Ahukharie said as a generator churned the feeble air - conditioning in his office during one of the city ’s frequent blackouts .
“ But now they land at airports in southern and eastern Bissau where the judicial police have no presence . ”
Ahukharie said drug flights are landing at Cacine , in eastern Bissau , and Bubaque in the Bijagos Archipelago , a chain of more than 80 islands off the Atlantic coast .
Interpol said it hears about the flights from locals , although they have been unable to seize aircraft , citing a lack of resources .
The drug trade , by both air and sea , has already had a devastating impact on Guinea Bissau .
A dispute over trafficking has been linked to the assassination of the military chief of staff , General Batista Tagme Na Wai in 2009 .
Hours later , the country ’s president , Joao Bernardo Vieira , was hacked to death by machete in his home .
Asked how serious the issue of air trafficking remained for Guinea Bissau , Ahukharie was unambiguous : “ The problem is grave . ”
The situation is potentially worse in the Sahel - Sahara , where cocaine is arriving by the ton .
There it is fed into well - established overland trafficking routes across the Sahara where government influence is limited and where factions of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb have become increasingly active .
The group , previously known as the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat , is raising millions of dollars from the kidnap of Europeans .
Analysts say militants strike deals of convenience with Tuareg rebels and smugglers of arms , cigarettes and drugs .
According to a growing pattern of evidence , the group may now be deriving hefty revenues from facilitating the smuggling of FARC - made cocaine to the shores of Europe .
UNHOLY ALLIANCE
In December , Antonio Maria Costa , the executive director of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , told a special session of the UN Security Council that drugs were being traded by “ terrorists and anti-government forces ” to fund their operations from the Andes , to Asia and the African Sahel .
“ In the past , trade across the Sahara was by caravans , ” he said .
“ Today it is larger in size , faster at delivery and more high - tech , as evidenced by the debris of a Boeing 727 found on November 2nd in the Gao region of Mali -- an area affected by insurgency and terrorism . ”
Just days later , U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration officials arrested three West African men following a sting operation in Ghana .
The men , all from Mali , were extradited to New York on December 16 on drug trafficking and terrorism charges .
Oumar Issa , Harouna Toure , and Idriss Abelrahman are accused of plotting to transport cocaine across Africa with the intent to support al Qaeda , its local affiliate AQIM and the FARC .
The charges provided evidence of what the DEA ’s top official in Colombia described to a Reuters reporter as “ an unholy alliance between South American narco - terrorists and Islamic extremists . ”
Some experts are skeptical , however , that the men are any more than criminals .
They questioned whether the drug dealers oversold their al Qaeda connections to get their hands on the cocaine .
In its criminal complaint , the DEA said Toure had led an armed group affiliated to al Qaeda that could move the cocaine from Ghana through North Africa to Spain for a fee of $ 2,000 per kilo for transportation and protection .
Toure discussed two different overland routes with an undercover informant .
One was through Algeria and Morocco ; the other via Algeria to Libya .
He told the informer that the group had worked with al Qaeda to transport between one and two tons of hashish to Tunisia , as well as smuggle Pakistani , Indian and Bangladeshi migrants into Spain .
In any event , AQIM has been gaining in notoriety .
Security analysts warn that cash stemming from the trans - Saharan coke trade could transform the organization -- a small , agile group whose southern - Sahel wing is estimated to number between 100 and 200 men -- into a more potent threat in the region that stretches from Mauritania to Niger .
It is an area with huge foreign investments in oil , mining and a possible trans - Sahara gas pipeline .
“ These groups are going to have a lot more money than they ’ve had before , and I think you are going to see them with much more sophisticated weapons , ” said Douglas Farah , a senior fellow at the International Assessment Strategy Center , a Washington based security think - tank .
NARCOTIC INDUSTRIAL DEPOT
The Timbuktu region covers more than a third of northern Mali , where the parched , scrubby Sahel shades into the endless , rolling dunes of the Sahara Desert .
It is an area several times the size of Switzerland , much of it beyond state control .
Moulaye Haidara , the customs official , said the sharp influx of cocaine by air has transformed the area into an “ industrial depot ” for cocaine .
Sitting in a cool , dark , mud - brick office building in the city where nomadic Tuareg mingle with Arabs and African Songhay , Fulani and Mande peoples , Haidara expresses alarm at the challenge local law enforcement faces .
Using profits from the trade , the smugglers have already bought “ automatic weapons , and they are very determined , ” Haidara said .
He added that they “ call themselves Al Qaeda , ” though he believes the group had nothing to do with religion , but used it as “ an ideological base . ”
Local authorities say four - wheel - drive Toyota SUVs outfitted with GPS navigation equipment and satellite telephones are standard issue for smugglers .
Residents say traffickers deflate the tires to gain better traction on the loose Saharan sands , and can travel at speeds of up to 70 miles - per - hour in convoys along routes to North Africa .
Timbuktu governor , Colonel Mamadou Mangara , said he believes traffickers have air - conditioned tents that enable them to operate in areas of the Sahara where summer temperatures are so fierce that they “ scorch your shoes . ”
He added that the army lacked such equipment .
A growing number of people in the impoverished region , where transport by donkey cart and camel are still common , are being drawn to the trade .
They can earn 4 to 5 million CFA Francs ( roughly $ 9- 11,000 ) on just one coke run .
“ Smuggling can be attractive to people here who can make only $ 100 or $ 200 a month , ” said Mohamed Ag Hamalek , a Tuareg tourist guide in Timbuktu , whose family until recently earned their keep hauling rock salt by camel train , using the stars to navigate the Sahara .
Haidara described northern Mali as a no - go area for the customs service .
“ There is now a red line across northern Mali , nobody can go there , ” he said , sketching a map of the country on a scrap of paper with a ballpoint pen .
“ If you go there with feeble means ... you do n’t come back . ”
TWO - WAY TRADE
Speaking in Dakar this week , Schmidt , the U.N. official , said that growing clandestine air traffic required urgent action on the part of the international community .
“ This should be the highest concern for governments ... For West African countries , for West European countries , for Russia and the U.S. , this should be very high on the agenda , ” he said .
Stopping the trade , as the traffickers are undoubtedly aware , is a huge challenge -- diplomatically , structurally and economically .
Venezuela , the takeoff or refueling point for aircraft making the trip , has a confrontational relationship with Colombia , where President Alvaro Uribe has focused on crushing the FARC ’s 45 - year - old insurgency .
The nation ’s leftist leader , Hugo Chavez , wo n’t allow in the DEA to work in the country .
In a measure of his hostility to Washington , he scrambled two F16 fighter jets last week to intercept an American P3 aircraft -- a plane used to seek out and track drug traffickers -- which he said had twice violated Venezuelan airspace .
He says the United States and Colombia are using anti-drug operations as a cover for a planned invasion of his oil - rich country .
Washington and Bogota dismiss the allegation .
In terms of curbing trafficking , the DEA has by far the largest overseas presence of any U.S. federal law enforcement , with 83 offices in 62 countries .
But it is spread thin in Africa where it has just four offices -- in Nigeria , Ghana , Egypt and South Africa -- though there are plans to open a fifth office in Kenya .
Law enforcement agencies from Europe as well as Interpol are also at work to curb the trade .
But locally , officials are quick to point out that Africa is losing the war on drugs .
The most glaring problem , as Mali ’s example shows , is a lack of resources .
The only arrests made in connection with the Boeing came days after it was found in the desert -- and those incarcerated turned out to be desert nomads cannibalizing the plane ’s aluminum skin , probably to make cooking pots .
They were soon released .
Police in Guinea Bissau , meanwhile , told Reuters they have few guns , no money for gas for vehicles given by donor governments and no high security prison to hold criminals .
Corruption is also a problem .
The army has freed several traffickers charged or detained by authorities seeking to tackle the problem , police and rights groups said .
Serious questions remain about why Malian authorities took so long to report the Boeing ’s discovery to the international law enforcement community .
What is particularly worrying to U.S. interests is that the networks of aircraft are not just flying one way -- hauling coke to Africa from Latin America -- but are also flying back to the Americas .
The internal Department of Homeland Security memorandum reviewed by Reuters cited one instance in which an aircraft from Africa landed in Mexico with passengers and unexamined cargo .
The Gulfstream II jet arrived in Cancun , by way of Margarita Island , Venezuela , en route from Africa .
The aircraft , which was on an aviation watch list , carried just two passengers .
One was a U.S. national with no luggage , the other a citizen of the Republic of Congo with a diplomatic passport and a briefcase , which was not searched .
“ The obvious huge concern is that you have a transportation system that is capable of transporting tons of cocaine from west to east , ” said the aviation specialist who wrote the Homeland Security report .
“ But it ’s reckless to assume that nothing is coming back , and when there ’s terrorist organizations on either side of this pipeline , it should be a high priority to find out what is coming back on those airplanes . ”
With unemployment at its highest levels in more than 25 years , the Obama Administration is trying to show that it is focused on jobs .
Last week 's White House " Jobs Summit " brought together business , labor , academic and environmental leaders to talk about how the government can foster job creation .
Unfortunately , the summit agenda repeated much of the same nonsense we 've been seeing from the Administration for the last year .
Exhibit A : the Administration 's ongoing push to create " Green Jobs . "
The Administration touts environmental initiatives not only as a way to improve quality of life and discourage climate change , but also as a way to employ more Americans .
Accordingly , last week 's summit included a breakout session called " The Innovation Agenda and Green Jobs of the Future . "
The Green Jobs conceit goes like this : the government should offer tax credits and impose regulations that lead businesses to implement environmentally - friendly practices .
This will create jobs doing what 's needed to qualify for the credits or comply with the regulations .
Most importantly , carbon regulation ( most likely in the form of Cap and Trade ) will lead to investments in technology that reduces carbon emissions .
This is a modern version of Frederic Bastiat 's parable of the broken window .
The accidental breakage of a shopkeeper 's window may look like an economic boon - it creates work for a glazier , who spends his extra income on goods from other merchants , producing a virtuous cycle of economic activity .
But what 's not seen is how the shopkeeper would have otherwise spent his money : on goods from other businesses , creating a similar virtuous cycle .
Breaking the window is a net loss for society , as no bonus economic activity is generated and a valuable capital item is lost .
Errors arise when we think about jobs on a gross basis , not a net one .
Green programs do create jobs in certain fields , like makers of solar panels and providers of energy audits .
Home Depot 's CEO attended the jobs summit to push for more tax credits for products like insulation and energy - efficient windows - because these create jobs ( and profits ) at Home Depot .
Many participants in the Green Jobs session argued that quick implementation of Cap and Trade was necessary to create jobs , because businesses wo n't invest in the green technologies they produce until they know what it will cost to emit carbon .
But Cap and Trade which will cost jobs in carbon - intensive fields just as it creates them in solar panel manufacturing .
A report from the Brookings Institution estimates that , by 2025 , the Waxman - Markey Cap and Trade bill would reduce employment by over 40 % in coal - related industries and 35 % in crude oil - related industries .
Most of these workers would find jobs in other fields , but the overall effect on employment and GDP would be modestly negative .
Assuming climate change is a serious problem that can be helped by carbon regulation , a policy like Cap and Trade could reduce GDP and employment and still be a good idea .
The idea behind carbon regulation is that emitters of carbon are imposing a negative externality on others by furthering climate change .
Cap and Trade or a carbon tax is intended to " internalize " those costs to the actor , leading him only to pollute when that benefits society as a whole -- and therefore to produce less in the aggregate .
But whatever it is , Cap and Trade is not a jobs program .
This should be obvious .
If the Obama Administration argued that we should further complicate the tax code , so as to create more jobs for lawyers and accountants , they would be laughed out of the room .
The fact that people must work harder to comply with new regulations is a cost of such policies , not a benefit .
The Administration 's upside - down approach to job creation is n't limited to the Green Jobs mirage .
In his opening remarks at the jobs summit , Obama once again hailed Cash for Clunkers as a success the Administration should build on for future job creation .
The program was a " success " inasmuch as the government successfully got consumers to accept $ 3 billion in free money .
It was not a cost - effective economic growth or job creation measure - in fact , Edmunds.com estimates that it cost taxpayers $ 24,000 for every new car sale generated .
Not every idea advanced at the summit was bad - participants talked about the need to simplify regulations , improve American tax competitiveness , and increase openness of foreign markets .
Even President Obama admitted that " true economic recovery is only going to come from the private sector . "
But if Obama realizes the private sector must lead the recovery , why is he proposing to burden it with more taxes , more government spending , and more regulation ?
True economic recovery will only come when the Administration realizes that regulation does not create jobs .
Today 's Lunchtime Quiz at mental_floss is a lot of fun , especially for someone like me who spent decades connecting audio - video equipment professionally .
I 'm sure you will enjoy it , too !
Can you identify ten different types of connecting cables , both old and new ?
Good luck ; I scored 80 % .
Link
California employers cut more workers from their staffs in December , capping a dismal year in which the state lost more than half a million jobs .
Payrolls shrank by 38,800 jobs last month , while the unemployment rate remained flat at 12.4 % from the revised figure in November , which previously was pegged at 12.3 % .
California ’s unemployment rate is the fifth - highest in the nation , after those of Michigan , Nevada , Rhode Island and South Carolina , and it ’s significantly higher than the national rate of 10 % .
Economists expect the state ’s labor market to remain weak as the critical housing sector continues to struggle .
Over the last two years , California has lost more than 1 million jobs .
“ California is in worse shape than the country in a lot of ways , ” said Dan Seiver , an economics professor at San Diego State University .
“ It ’s probable that the recovery here might be even more sputtering than the nation as a whole . ”
The state ’s unemployment rate in December 2008 was 8.7 % .
In 2009 , it jumped to double digits , where it ’s expected to remain this year .
Los Angeles County ’s unemployment rate matched the state ’s in December , rising to 12.4 % from a revised 12.2 % in November as the county lost 2,300 jobs .
Other areas of the Southland experienced improvement .
Orange County ’s jobless rate declined to 9.1 % from 9.6 % in November , and the Riverside - San Bernardino County metro area rate fell to 14.0 % from 14.7 % .
San Diego County ’s jobless rate dropped to 10.1 % from 10.6 % in November , and in Ventura the rate fell to 10.9 % from November ’s 11.2 % .
The bursting of the housing bubble has battered California , which has seen tens of thousands of related jobs in financial services , retail and the building trades vanish .
The construction sector has been pounded particularly hard .
California has shed more than 300,000 construction jobs -- nearly one - third of the industry ’s labor force -- since the sector peaked at 948,500 jobs in February 2006 , according to state figures .
The six counties in Southern California lost 44,800 construction jobs over the last year , with the highest losses -- 13,500 jobs -- occurring in Los Angeles County .
The state in 2009 probably set a record for the fewest homes produced in a single year , the California Building Industry Assn. said last month .
Although the data are not yet final , the association forecast that 35,600 homes would be built in 2009 , the lowest number since it began keeping track in 1954 .
A forecast released this week by the Associated General Contractors of America predicted that there would be no recovery in the industry nationally or in California in 2010 .
Nearly 1 in 4 construction workers are unemployed , the association said .
“ The job loss is pretty widespread and uniform , ” said Brian Turmail , a spokesman for the Arlington , Va. , trade group .
Some jobless construction workers are trying to stay afloat by pawning their equipment .
Amor Pawn Shop in Lynwood is brimming with jackhammers , welding machines and drills , a manager said .
Many pawnshops are no longer accepting such tools because there ’s no market for them .
Idle construction workers are looking for jobs in other industries .
Mario Rodriguez had steady employment as a house framer during the construction boom , saving up enough money to get his own place in Tujunga .
Now unemployed and living with his parents in Glendale , he ’s lowering his sights .
Lately he ’s been inquiring about jobs as a cook , cashier and waiter .
This week , he stopped by a McDonald ’s looking for work .
“ It ’s hard out there -- everyone says they ’re not hiring , ” said Rodriguez , standing outside a jobs center in Glendale .
He said he has had difficulty finding work because he is on parole for selling drugs .
He said the easy money is tempting , but he ’s determined to stay straight .
The construction slowdown has hammered the state ’s Latino population , which was heavily employed in the industry .
About 12 % of the nearly 6 million Latinos employed in California worked in construction in the third quarter of 2007 , according to the Pew Hispanic Center , and more than 200,000 have lost their jobs since then .
Many lack the language skills or education to transfer easily to other industries .
Some are leaving California , said Rakesh Kochhar , associate director for research at the Pew Hispanic Center .
Others are returning to lower - paying jobs they might have eschewed during the building boom .
“ Hispanics seem to be migrating to old standbys like maintenance , landscaping services , things like that , ” Kochhar said .
Inquiries about agricultural work have increased , said Piedad Ayala , president of the Ayala Corp. , a farm labor contractor in Riverdale , Calif .
But water shortages in the Central Valley are causing farmers to plant fewer crops and hire fewer laborers .
“ We get calls every single day , including ones from people who say if they do n’t get a job , they ’ll be homeless , ” he said .
Adin Orozco , an unemployed Los Angeles construction worker , said he ’s been struggling to pay his $ 300 - a- month rent .
He now spends his days hustling for odd jobs outside the Home Depot in Hollywood , even in the rain .
Sometimes , as many as 300 people show up competing for work , he said .
“ Right now , I ’m not making any money , ” he said .
Because he ’s bilingual , Orozco says he ’s faring a bit better than other regulars in the crowd , such as painter Mario Sandoval .
The Central American immigrant said he wants to stay in the United States because his two children are in school here .
But he ’s short $ 100 for the rent this month and has n’t worked this week .
“ It ’s possible we ’ll leave and go back to Nicaragua , ” he said .
“ We just ca n’t make it here anymore . ”
alana.semuels@latimes.com
Page not Found
Click the button below to go back to the previous page
Fantasies have to be unrealistic .
Because the moment , the second that you get what you seek , you do n’t . - you can ’t- want it anymore .
In order to continue to exist , Desire must have its objects perpetually absent .
It ’s not the ‘ It ’ that you want , it is the fantasy of ‘ It ’ .
So , Desire supports crazy fantasies .
This is what [ Blaise ]
Pascal means when he says that we are only truly happy when daydreaming about future happiness .
Or why we say : “ The hunt is sweeter than the kill ” .
Or “ Be careful what you wish for ” .
Not because you ’ll get it .
Because you ’re doomed not to want it once you do .
So the lesson of Lacan is : Living by your wants will never make you happy .
What it means to be fully human is to strive to live by ideas and ideals and not to measure your life by what you have attained by your desires but those small moments of integrity , compassion , rationality , even self - sacrifice .
Because in the end , the only way that we can measure the significance of our own lives is by valuing the lives of others .
- Abstract of Prof .
Gale 's speech from the movie " Life of David Gale "
..........................................................................
It is good to see ourselves as others see us .
Try as we may , we are never able to know ourselves fully as we are , especially the evil side of us .
This we can do only if we are not angry with our critics but will take in good heart whatever they might have to say .
- Mahatma Gandhi
" What 's your favourite ' green ' book ? "
I get asked this question quite a bit and I always struggle for an answer .
It presents the same problem as when you 're asked to name your favourite song of film : the answer tends to change by the hour .
It would be much easier to compile a list of the top 50 books , which is exactly what the University of Cambridge 's programme for sustainability leadership has just done .
It asked its alumni – " around 2,000 senior leaders from around the world who have participated in its sustainability programmes over the past decade or more " – to list some of their favourite " sustainability " books .
The result is a pretty comprehensive rundown of the most influential and thought - provoking books of all time .
There are many classics – Silent Spring , Fast Food Nation , The Limits to Growth , The Population Bomb , Small is Beautiful , A Sand County Almanac – but there are also a few omissions , too .
Where 's Henry David Thoreau 's Walden ?
Where 's Thomas Friedman 's Hot , Flat and Crowded ?
Where 's Bill McKibben 's The End of Nature ?
And should fiction be allowed onto the list , too ?
How about Cormac McCarthy 's The Road ?
Or Edward Abbey 's The Monkey Wrench Gang ?
Of course , there 's always that debate about what you mean by the term " sustainability " , but let us for the sake of argument say that in this instance it refers to books that make you think long and hard about how best to exist within a fragile biosphere blessed with finite resources .
Which books would make your own list ?
The full list ( in alphabetical order )
Banker to the Poor : Micro- Lending and the battle Against World Poverty , by Muhammad Yunus1999
Biomimicry : Innovation Inspired by Nature , by Janine Benyus , 2003
Blueprint for a Green Economy : by David Pearce , Anil Markandya and Edward B. Barbier , 1989
Business as Unusual : My Entrepreneurial Journey , Profits and Principles , by Anita Roddick , 2005
Cannibals with Forks : The Triple Bottom Line of 21st Century Business , by John Elkington , 1999
Capitalism as if the World Matters , by Jonathon Porritt , 2005
Capitalism at the Crossroads : Aligning Business , Earth , and Humanity , by Stuart Hart , 2005
Changing Course : A Global Business Perspective on Development and the Environment , by Stephan Schmidheiny and WBCSD , 1992
The Chaos Point : The World at the Crossroads , by Ervin Laszlo , 2006
The Civil Corporation : The New Economy of Corporate Citizenship , by Simon Zadek , 2001
Collapse : How Societies Choose to Fail or Survive , by Jared Diamond , 2005
The Corporation : The Pathological Pursuit of Profit and Power , by Joel Bakan , 2005
Cradle to Cradle : Remaking the Way We Make Things by William McDonough and Michael Braungart , 2002
The Dream of Earth , by Thomas Berry , 1990
Development as Freedom , by Amartya Sen , 2000
The Ecology of Commerce : A Declaration of Sustainability , by Paul Hawken , 1994
The Economics of Climate Change : The Stern Review , by Nicholas Stern , 2007
The End of Poverty : Economic Possibilities for Our Time , by Jeffrey Sachs , 2005 .
Factor Four : Doubling Wealth , Halving Resources Use - A Report to the Club of Rome , by Ernst Von Weizsäcker , 1998
False Dawn : The Delusions of Global Capitalism , by John Gray , 2002
Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side on the All - American Meal , by Eric Schlosser , 2005
A Fate Worse than Debt : The World Financial Crisis and the Poor , by Susan George , 1990
For The Common Good : Redirecting the Economy toward Community , the Environment and a Sustainable Future , by Herman Daly and John Cobb , 1989
Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid : Eradicating Poverty through Profits , by C.K. Prahalad , 2004
Gaia : A New Look at Life on Earth , by James Lovelock , 2000
Globalization and its Discontents , by Joseph Stiglitz , 2002
Heat : How to Stop the Planet from Burning , by George Monbiot , 2006
Human - Scale Development : Conception , Application and Further Reflections , by Manfred Max - Neef , 1991
The Hungry Spirit : Beyond Capitalism : The Quest for Purpose in the Modern World , by Charles Handy , 1999
An Inconvenient Truth : The Planetary Emergency of Global Warming and What We Can Do About It , by Al Gore , 2006
The Limits to Growth , by Donella H. Meadows , Dennis L. Meadows and Jorgen Randers , 1972
Maverick : The Success Story Behind the World 's Most Unusual Workplace , by Ricardo Semler , 1993
The Mystery of Capital : Why Capitalism Triumphs in the West and Fails Everywhere Else , by Hernando De Soto , 2000
Natural Capitalism : Creating the Next Industrial Revolution , by Paul Hawken , Amory Lovins and L. Hunter Lovins , 2000
No Logo : No Space , No Choice , No Jobs , by Naomi Klein , 2002
Open Society : Reforming Global Capitalism , by George Soros , 2000
Operating Manual for Spaceship Earth , by Buckminster Fuller , 1969
Our Common Future , by The World Commission on Environment and Development , 1987
The Population Bomb , by Paul Ehrlich , 1969
Presence : An Explanation of Profound Change in People , Organizations and Society , by Peter Senge , C. Otto Scharmer , Joseph Jaworski and Betty Sue Flowers , 2005
The River Runs Black : The Environmental Challenge to China 's Future , by Elizabeth C. Economy , 2004
Sand County Almanac , by Aldo Leopold , 1949
Silent Spring , by Rachel Carson , 1962
The Skeptical Environmentalist , by Bjorn Lomborg , 2001
Small is Beautiful : Economics as if People Mattered , by E.F. Schumacher , 1973
Staying Alive : Women , Ecology and Development , by Vandana Shiva , 1989
The Turning Point : Science Society and the Rising Culture , by Fritjof Capra , 1984
Unsafe At Any Speed : The Designed - in Dangers of the American Automobile , by Ralph Nader , 1965
When Corporations Rule the World , by David Korten , 2001
When the Rivers Run Dry : What Happens When Our Water Runs Out ? by Fred Pearce , 2006
Author ’s update :
The horrific disaster that has befallen Haiti is perhaps unprecedented in the Western Hemisphere .
Estimates now say that perhaps hundreds of thousands have died as a result of the Jan. 12 earthquake .
The media have constantly recited , as a mantra , that Haiti ’s weak infrastructure and poor quality of construction account for the large number of deaths .
The implication is that Haitians are unable to govern and build a reliable , sustainable society .
The truth of the matter is that , left to their own efforts , Haitians would have been more than able to build a reliable democracy with adequate infrastructure .
But they have never been allowed to do so – not by Europe and certainly not by the United States .
The article below was written in 2003 .
It attempts to describe how Haiti has been by design maintained as the most impoverished nation in our hemisphere .
Contact your congressional representatives and urge them to move Congress to increase aid to Haiti .
For more on direct aid and action , go to How to show your solidarity with heroic Haiti : resources , where to send donations and to Haitiaction .
net .
by Jean Damu
Though the demand by Haiti for reparations from France is just , it obscures the role the United States played in the process to impoverish Haiti – a role that continues to this day .
Today Haiti is a severely indebted country whose debt - to - export ratio is nearly 300 percent , far above what is considered sustainable even by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank .
Both institutions are dominated by the U.S .
In 1980 Haiti ’s debt was $ 302 million .
Since then it has more than tripled to $ 1.1 billion , approximately 40 percent of the nation ’s gross national product .
Last year Haiti paid more in debt service than it did on medical services for the people .
Haitian officials say nearly 80 percent of the current debt was accumulated by the regimes of Francois and Jean - Claude Duvalier , Papa Doc and Baby Doc .
Both regimes operated under the benign gaze of the United States that has had a long and sordid history of keeping Haiti well within its sphere of economic and political influence .
It is now well known that the primary source of Haiti ’s chronic impoverishment is the reparations it was forced to pay to the former plantation owners who left following the 1804 revolution .
Some of the white descendants of the former plantation owners , who now live in New Orleans , still have the indemnity coupons issued by France .
So in fact , at least part of the reparations paid by Haiti went toward the development of the United States .
In 1825 Haiti was forced to borrow 24 million francs from private French banks to begin paying off the crippling indemnity debt .
Haiti only acknowledged this debt in exchange for French recognition of her independence , a principle that would continue to characterize Haiti ’s international relationships .
These indemnity payments caused continual financial emergencies and political upheavals .
In a 51 - year period , Haiti had 16 different presidents – new presidents often coming to power at the head of a rebel army .
Nevertheless , Haiti always made the indemnity payments – and , following those , the bank loan payments – on time .
The 1915 intervention by the Marines on behalf of U.S. financial interests changed all of that , however .
The prelude to the 1915 U.S. intervention began in 1910 when the National Bank of Haiti , founded in 1881 with French capital and entrusted from the start with the administration of the Haitian treasury , disappeared .
It was replaced by the financial institution known as the National Bank of the Republic of Haiti .
Part of the capital of the new national bank was subscribed by the National City Bank of New York , signaling , for the first time , U.S. interest in the financial affairs of Haiti .
The motivation for the original U.S. financial interest in Haiti was the schemes of several U.S. corporations with ties to National City Bank to build a railroad system there .
In order for these corporations – including the W.R. Grace Corp. – to protect their investments , they pressured President Woodrow Wilson and his secretary of state , William Jennings Bryan , to find ways to stabilize the Haitian economy , namely by taking a controlling interest in the Haitian custom houses , the main source of revenue for the government .
After Secretary of State Bryan was fully briefed on Haiti by his advisers , he exclaimed , “ Dear me , think of it !
Niggers speaking French . ”
Ironically , however , Bryan , a longtime anti-imperialist , was against any exploitative relationship between the U.S. and Haiti or any other nation in the Western Hemisphere .
In fact he had long called for canceling the debts of smaller nations as a means by which they could normally grow and develop .
Not surprisingly , Bryan ’s views were not well received in Washington or on Wall Street .
Due to the near total ignorance at the State Department and in Washington generally about Haiti , Bryan was forced to rely on anyone who had first hand information .
That person turned out to be Roger L. Farnham , one of the few people thoroughly familiar with Haitian affairs .
Farnham was thoroughly familiar with Haitian affairs because he was vice - president of the National City Bank of New York and of the new National Bank of the Republic of Haiti and president of the National Railway of Haiti .
In spite of the secretary of state ’s hostility to Wall Street and Farnham ’s obvious conflict of interest , Bryan leaned heavily on Farnham for information and advice .
As vice president of both National City Bank and the National Bank of the Republic of Haiti , Farnham played a cat and mouse game with the Haitian legislature and president .
Alternately , he would threaten direct U.S. intervention or to withhold government funds if they did not turn over control of the Haitian custom houses to National City Bank .
In defense of Haitian independence , lawmakers refused at every juncture .
Finally , in 1914 , with the outbreak of World War I , Farnham was able to convince Washington that France and Germany posed direct threats to the U.S. by their presence in Haiti .
Each had a small colony of business people there .
In December of 1914 , Farnham arranged for the U.S. Marines to come ashore at Port Au Prince , march into the new National Bank of Haiti and steal two strongboxes containing $ 500,000 in Haitian currency and sail to New York , where the money was placed in New York City Bank .
This made the Haitian government totally dependent on Farnham for finances with which to operate .
The final and immediate decision to intervene in Haiti came in July of 1915 with yet another overthrow of a Haitian president , this time the bloody demise of Vilbrun Guillaume Sam .
For the next 19 years , the U.S. Marine Corps wielded supreme authority throughout Haiti , often dispensing medicines and food as mild forms of pacification .
Within several years , however , charges of massacres of Haitian peasants were made against the military as Haitians revolted against the road building programs that required forced labor .
In one such incident at Fort Reviere , the Marines killed 51 Haitians without sustaining any casualties themselves .
Assistant Secretary of the Navy Franklin D. Roosevelt awarded Major Smedley D. Butler the Congressional Medal of Honor .
That ’s not unlike the awarding of Medals of Honor to the “ heroes ” of the massacre at Wounded Knee , in which hundreds of Sioux Native Americans were slaughtered in 1890 .
Reports of U.S. military abuses against the Haitians became so widespread that NAACP official James Weldon Johnson headed a delegation to investigate the charges , which they deemed to be true .
While the U.S. occupation was not without some successes – the health care system was improved and the currency was stabilized – it was in other economic spheres where the most damage was done .
For the entire 19 - year duration of the intervention , maximum attention was given to paying off Haiti’s U.S. creditors , with little to no attention given to developing the economy .
In 1922 former Marine Brigade Commander John Russell was named High Commissioner of Haiti , a post he held until the final days of the occupation .
Under Russell ’s influence , all political dissent was stifled and revenue from the custom houses was turned over , often months ahead of schedule , to Haiti ’s U.S. bond creditors , who had assumed loans originally extended to Haiti to pay off the French plantation owners ’ reparations !
By 1929 , however , with the Western world ’s economic depression and the lowering of living standards throughout Haiti , serious student strikes and worker revolts , combined with Wall Street ’s inability to lure serious business investors there , Washington decided it was time to end the military occupation .
When then President Franklin D. Roosevelt visited Haiti in 1934 to announce the pullout , he was the first head of a foreign nation in Haiti ’s history to extend a visit .
Despite the American military pullout , U.S. financial administrators continued to dominate the Haitian economy until the final debt on the earlier loans was retired in 1947 .
Soon after the U.S. withdrew from Haiti , a Black consciousness movement of sorts took hold that was the precursor of the “ negritude ” movement popularized by Aimee Cesaire and Leopold Senghor .
Francois Duvalier , an early believer in “ negritude , ” came to power in the late 1950s , popularizing ideas that resonated with a population that had withstood a white foreign occupation for many years .
By the time Duvalier grabbed the presidency of the world ’s first Black republic established by formerly enslaved peoples , Haiti had experienced more than 150 years of chronic impoverishment and discriminatory lending policies by the world ’s leading financial institutions and powers .
The economic forecast for Haiti has not improved , even with the democratic election of Jean - Bertrand Aristide , since he has been consistently demonized in the U.S. and world press .
Jean Damu is the former western regional representative for N’COBRA , National Coalition of Blacks for Reparations in America , and a former member of the International Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters , taught Black Studies at the University of New Mexico , has traveled and written extensively in the Caribbean and Africa and currently serves as a member of the Steering Committee of the Black Alliance for Just Immigration .
Email him at jdamu2@yahoo.com .
This story first appeared in the San Francisco Bay View in 2003 .
Move over Kindle and Nook : there 's a new e-reader in town .
The Skiff Reader ( $ TBA ) boasts the largest , most high - resolution display of any consumer e-reader yet , clocking in at 11.5 inches and 1200x1600 resolution .
Made using LG's " Metal Foil " e-Paper technology , it removes the risk of breakage found in other , glass - based screens , and offers full touchscreen capabilities , as well .
The device will be sold and supported by Sprint over 3G , and also offers a built - in content store and Wi-Fi .
Hardware
Display
Software
Once you get the hang of the system it starts to make some sense , but it 's nothing we 'd describe as intuitive , and your rhythm is thrown off by one major factor : the extremely sluggish response of the device .
Services
Wrap-up
If you 're a Kindle user , the industrial design of the Nook will come as no surprise to you .
Barnes &
Noble is certainly not breaking an enormous amount of ground with the device , though the company has made some significant design decisions that set this unit apart from its competitors .
The Nook is smaller in surface size -- though thicker and slightly heavier -- than the Kindle .
Its size is akin to a typical trade paperback , measuring 7.7 - inches by 4.9 - inches , half an inch thick , and weighing in at 11.2 ounces .
It 's certainly not big or bulky by any measure , but it feels solid and substantial in your hands .
The daintier folks out there may find it slightly heavy when being held for long periods , but hey , that 's why you 've got a lap .
The front of the device is comprised of essentially three parts ; a 6 - inch , 16 - shade grayscale E Ink screen , a 3.5 - inch capacitive color touchscreen below it , and a plastic border with back / forward buttons on either side , intersected by a black strip .
On that strip is a lone " home " button -- a touch - sensitive version of the Nook 's signature lowercase n .
On top of the reader is a long , thin on / off button ( or sleep / wake , as with the iPhone ) , and on the bottom is a MicroUSB slot , dual speakers , and 3.5 mm a headphone jack .
Around back the device 's battery , SIM , and microSD access is concealed by a soft , rubberized cover ( interchangeable with a number of trendy color variations ) .
In all , the look and feel of the Nook is exactly where it needs to be , striking the perfect middle ground between cozy reading partner and lust - worthy gadget .
You want to show it off to your friends as much as you want to curl up with it on a rainy day .
We think Barnes & Noble has overcome a lot of the technical harshness of the Kindle by removing many , but not all , of its physical buttons ... though that comes with other tradeoffs ( more on that later ) .
Barnes &
Noble is n't saying what kind of CPU beats inside of the Nook , though we 're going to go ahead and guess it 's not anything monstrous .
Besides that , the device ships with 2GB of storage onboard , and has that microSD slot for expansion up to 16GB ( we assume , it 's SDHC ) .
The Nook has WiFi ( 802.11b/g ) and AT&T 3G radios , but RAM and ROM numbers are a mystery to us .
We 're sure that iFixit will change that shortly .
The main display on the Nook is exactly what you 'd expect ... and we do mean exactly .
There is little - to - no difference between the contrast and clarity on this screen versus its competitors , likely because it 's the same screen made by the same company .
The E Ink display does a perfect , though predictable job of generating easy to see and easy to read text and images on the screen .
In our tests -- and this may just be due to the Kindle we were using -- we felt it very slightly outperformed Amazon 's option in contrast , though the Kindle has a considerably faster refresh rate when turning pages .
In fact , the Nook 's refresh speed was sometimes a little annoying , with us actually having moments in between page turns of waiting for more content -- not a feeling you want to encounter if you 're trying to mimic the book - reading experience .
Still , as we said , there is nothing dramatically bad about the display , but there are n't many improvements either .
Photos and various font sizes looked clean and clear , and we had no trouble finding the right configuration for flipping through both periodicals and longer - form material .
What really sets the Nook apart , however , is that thin color display that sits just below the main reader area .
That display -- a color , capacitive , touchscreen -- is the way in which almost all interactions with the Nook and its online store are handled .
Besides being the primary method of interacting with lists and reading selections , at various times it becomes your notation navigator , your search box ( with keyboard ) , music player , and a Cover Flow - style book browser , amongst other functions .
The general concept behind the screen is ingenious and very much in the vein of the iPhone -- a one - size - fits - all portal that can be whatever you need it to be .
This works perfectly with some functions of the reader , and comes up short in others .
In particular , one of the ways in which this navigation is hampered is by the color screen 's need to interact directly with the E Ink display .
Waiting for the refresh when you 're moving around on the faster color screen can be annoying , though like many aspects of navigation on the Nook , it 's all about learning the pace of the reader .
See , it 's not exactly that fast of a device anywhere , color screen or otherwise , so you have to get used to all kinds of little pauses and punctuation in the experience .
That said , we still found it a little trying to wait for that upper display to refresh , but right now that 's the nature of E Ink displays -- the technology is really in its infancy , and learning to live at a slower pace is the name of the game if you 're serious about using an e-reader .
Software aside ( we 're getting to that ) , the color display was reasonably responsive , though we did have some nagging issues with scrolling through lists ; we often had trouble getting the screen to recognize downward swipes .
It seems possible that the cause was the extremely narrow height of the screen , but it's also possible contact just was n't being registered correctly .
Still , the display looked good even at low contrast ( we kept it down -- high contrast against the backlight - free E Ink looked a little intense ) , and being able to actually see what book covers looked like when we were shopping , tap out searches on the generous keyboard , or just shuffle our music while reading was very welcome .
Ultimately , where the Nook is made or broken is its software .
As we 've already established , the general hardware experience is not wildly dissimilar from its main competitor .
The real proving ground with a platform and store as new as the ones offered here is in the day - to - day use of the device .
At first blush , the Nook 's user interface and navigation is a bit overwhelming .
If you 're coming off of any traditional reader , even one as complex as the Kindle , what Barnes & Noble offers seems far more daunting .
Aside from having to learn a completely new way of getting around , adding that dual screen interaction to the mix is rather confusing when you first flip the switch .
The foundations of the UI are n't hard to understand , but if you walk into the device without knowing your way around , you 'll end up feeling pretty lost at first .
As we mention above , there is the issue of waiting from the E Ink to play catchup to the color screen .
That aside , navigation on the color screen requires some basic understanding of how B&N wants you to get around .
To activate the bottom screen while the device is on , you have to press on the " n " in the center of that black strip ; our short presses did n't seem to take , so we quickly learned to tap and hold .
Once you wake up that lower display , you 're given options relative to thesection of the device you 're in ( it 's different for every area ) , and pressing the n again takes you back to your homescreen .
At the homescreen , you have five basic options for navigation : " the daily " ( where periodicals , notifications , and notes from the mothership arrive ) , " my library " ( you guessed it , your books ) , " shop , " " reading now , " and finally " settings . "
This is clear enough , but it 's the sub - menus that cause some confusion .
Within each of those sections you 're presented with scrollable list of options like " search , " " view my documents , " or " show covers " ( those are all from the " my library " section by the way , but it 's different everywhere ) .
You 're able to tab into those sections where you 'll find yet another set of navigation , also different depending on what you 've chosen .
While you 're jumping around through those menus , your screen up top is updating and changing in accord with your picks .
You 're able to scroll and make selections in the upper screen in most menus using an up and down arrow on that lower screen along with an " enter " ( or engage ) button represented by a small circle .
Wait , we forgot to mention that you can also use the tactile back and forward buttons to flip some pages on the upper screen in select pages too .
Got it yet ?
You should be confused -- we know we were .
The thing is , once you get the hang of the system it starts to make some sense , but it 's nothing we 'd describe as intuitive , and your rhythm is thrown off by one major factor : the extremely sluggish response of the device .
That 's right , you 're not zipping and zooming through any of these menus , you 're patiently waiting for the device to do its thing .
That laggy scrolling we saw in the demo the day this was launched ?
Not really much better in the release version .
Now that 's not necessarily a deal breaker here -- after all , the Kindle and Sony readers are n't exactly speed demons , and you 're not buying this thing to work on spreadsheets or play Doom .
Still , the navigation combos are confusing at first ( even after hours of use , we still found ourselves gazing blankly at the Nook , trying to remember what exactly we were supposed to press to get where we wanted to be ) , and the performance feels stuck in the mud .
While the UI is different ( not necessarily a bad thing in our eyes ) , there are also places where it is plain bad ( necessarily a bad thing in our eyes ) .
There 's instability to spare in the review unit we used .
More than once we saw the familiar Android force close / wait message when trying to load a piece of the software up , and we encountered a lot of unexpected pauses and lag when trying to get through menus , causing a number of incorrect selections and general annoyance .
There are also UI decisions that do n't make a lot of sense to us , like requiring you to open a secondary menu to pop up the music player , or the fact that when you want to read one of your items , you have to essentially select it twice to open it .
It was n't a total mess , but there were certainly more errors than we 've ever seen on our Kindle , and that 's not great for Barnes & Noble coming out of the box .
There were other problems too , like the fact that the reader does n't always organize books correctly by taking " the " or " a " out of a title -- it 's hit or miss -- making for a bit of a mess when you 're dealing with a large list .
Still , there are things the company is doing with the Nook that are worthy of praise .
Once you learn the pacing and menus of the reader , the experience gets a lot more enjoyable .
We also think B&N 's store options and book browsing are far better than what Amazon offers .
When it comes to looking for a title , being able to actually see the covers of books is a tremendous help ( especially if you know what you 're looking for ) .
Additionally , having both the lower and upper screen for content and navigation is a big boon .
The Nook also functions as a decent PDF viewer and surprisingly solid music player , though we were bothered by the fact that every time it switches a song , the lower screen lights back up -- that 's not good for battery life or for reading .
The question one has to weigh is whether or not the software is more of an aid or impediment to what the device was designed to do ( book reading , remember ? ) , and in our judgment , it 's the latter .
It 's just downright unpleasant to use sometimes .
Many of the problems seem like they could be fixed with firmware tweaks , and Barnes & Noble reps we spoke with seemed to indicate that they would be coming OTA in the near future .
Let 's hope that 's the case , because using the Nook right now is a very uneven experience .
Besides the hardware itself , Barnes & Noble is launching a handful of new services with the Nook .
Most obvious is that the device will offer free AT&T - based 3G service for shopping and downloading content , along with built - in WiFi .
That WiFi is notable as well , since the company will be enabling free access for the reader at its retail locations come Q1 2010 , and along with that access will come some pretty handy features , like the ability to browse an entire book while on the store 's network ( for a total of an hour 's browsing per book per 24 hour period ) , and B &N says it will offer special content to those using the reader in - store .
Additionally , the Nook sports a book lending feature called LendMe , which allows you to hand a piece of content over to friend with the reader or Barnes & Noble 's e-reader software for up to 14 days .
Just like someone borrowing a real book , it 's removed from your library for the duration of the loan .
Of course , not every publisher is on board with the service , and only about half of the retail selections will allow for lending come launch .
Besides just allowing you to trade between friends with the Nook , you 'll also be able to swap your stuff down to someone with an app on their iPhone or iPod touch , PC , Mac , BlackBerry , and eventually Android devices .
B&N is also touting the inclusion of Google Books titles as one of the major features of the Nook , allowing you to freely download half a million selections from the big Gs library of public domain reprints .
It 's a nice feature , but it can also make finding something you 're looking for in the store a bit of a hassle , as you end up with myriad versions of a particular book .
Still , the added ease of access to the collection is definitely nice , and we 're not about to knock it .
Ultimately , the best addition here is n't Google Books or the free WiFi ; it 's the Barnes & Noble book buying experience .
If there 's one thing the company knows how to do , it 's sell books , and that 's clear when using the Nook to browse or purchase titles .
The on - device experience shines , and knocks the nearest competition around handily .
All this other stuff ?
Just icing on the cake .
Going into this review , we 'd spent a lot of time thinking about what this device meant for ebook readers .
We had debates ; pointed arguments about whether the Nook is the kind of front - and - center , mass market device that could bring the electronic book concept to a much larger audience .
That might be the case , but after spending some time with it , our concern is what that experience will ultimately be like for those users .
Throughout our testing with the Nook we vacillated between being completely charmed by the aesthetics of the reader , and completely frustrated by the way it actually works .
In many ways the Nook has a leg up on the competition -- not just by its presence in Barnes & Noble stores ( though that helps ) , but by providing an attractive package and feature set , offering personalization ( via add ons and accessories ) , a huge selection of books , perks like the LendMe feature , that color screen , and the excellent buying experience .
On the other hand , when it came to day to day use , we felt let down in a big way , and can only imagine how magnified that feeling would be if we 'd gone and shelled out nearly $ 300 for the device .
In the end , the Nook is an intriguing product launched by a powerful force in the world of booksellers , but the initial offering feels long on promises and short on delivery .
With the right software revisions , the Nook could be a tsunami , but as it stands right now , it 's only a mild swell .
JPMorgan announced Friday it would pay employees in its investment banking unit $ 9.3 billion in for 2009 , according to Reuters .
The large payout likely indicates that other banking giants will give out similar bonuses .
ADVERTISEMENT
JPMorgan investment bankers , sales staff and traders will make $ 379,000 per employee for 2009 , up more than than $ 100,000 from 2008 , when the economy suffered under the financial crisis .
The announced bonuses come as the Obama administration is proposing a new tax on large banks designed to recoup government loans to troubled financial firms during the near - collapse of the industry .
The bonuses also underscore the tension between Washington and the banking sector during a time when many politician 's constituents still have not experienced their own economic recovery .
Bank of America , Citigroup , Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are other large banks expected to announce their year - end figures in the coming weeks .
The investment banking division cut the company 's revenue share toward compensation from 40 percent in the first quarter to 37 percent by midyear , according to the New York Times .
The percentage fell to 11 percent in the fourth quarter because of the impact of the British bonus tax and the greater use of stock awards .
Overall , the company earned $ 11.7 billion last year , more than twice its 2008 profit .
CHICAGO — Asian carp , the voracious , nonnative fish whose arrival near Lake Michigan is threatening to cause havoc in the Great Lakes , are now setting off strife on land as well .
In an urgent effort to close down Chicago - area passages that could allow the unwanted fish to reach Lake Michigan , the State of Michigan is suing the State of Illinois and other entities that govern the waterways here .
Minnesota , Ohio and Wisconsin have filed documents in recent days supporting Michigan ’s move , and Indiana says it will soon do the same .
The new rift between these Midwestern states , which would reopen a nearly century - old legal case in the United States Supreme Court over Great Lakes waters , comes at a particularly sensitive moment — just as the numerous entities with interests in the Great Lakes had united in what lakes advocates consider some of their most significant progress in decades .
In 2008 , the eight states that touch the Great Lakes helped push through a federal - state compact that bars diversion of water from the lakes unless all of the states ( and the Canadian provinces involved ) agree .
That Great Lakes Compact , which was years in the making , at last calmed fears that other water - starved regions might tap into the lakes , which make up 20 percent of the world ’s freshwater .
Our team handles personal injury cases throughout California .
Home - based in Encino since 1978 , we are conveniently located in the greater Los Angeles area and freeway close to Orange , Ventura , San Bernardino , and Riverside Counties .
In addition , together with partner law firms , our Encino car accident lawyers represent clients throughout the country .
In the event your cause must be litigated outside of California , we resources to represent you , teamed with outstanding law firms in other states .
It goes without saying that personal injury pertains to auto accidents , as well as accidents involving any type of vehicle , public , or private .
That includes , planes , trains , buses , bicycles , trucks , motorcycles , and so forth .
Pedestrians hit by a vehicle are , of course , included .
In addition , individuals injured by a dog or a dangerous condition on someone ’s property are cases we litigate .
Cumulatively , our lawyers have over 60 years of litigation experience and have been recognized by our peers .
These accolades and many others have come about because we are passionate about bringing justice to those wrongfully injured and doing our best to make sure we have the time and resources to fully represent our clients .
We ’re never too busy to address the concerns of our clients and work with them to achieve our mutual goals .
I know it .
You know it .
The aliens that picked up the debate and decided to contact another , more civilized people knows it .
At my last , best count , there were over 550 individual Linux distributions .
From the most generic , flat installs of the most common distros to ultra- specialized , multimedia - oriented to the eye - popping , fancy ones -- they 're all there for the taking .
I found ten distributions from among the 500 or so that I know about to spotlight these for some special feature or set of features that will dazzle you or entice you to try them for yourself .
Read on and get ready to download .
One word of caution :
Some of these distributions are so clever and cool that , once you begin working with them , you just might lose track of time and forget what you 're supposed to be doing .
In alphabetical order , my favorite ten special Linux distributions are :
1. 64 Studio - Ah , 64 Studio , based on Debian / Ubuntu , is one fine piece of work .
This is one distro that you could lose a lot of sleep to -- especially if you 're the creative type .
I 'm so much of a multimedia wannabe that I burned almost ten straight hours just checking out everything and making a total multimedia fool of myself - - I 'll spare you the disgusting details of my romp .
I discovered one thing very quickly : I 'm not smart enough to be productive with 64 Studio .
If you 're a multimedia mogul , proceed happily with this one .
It comes with 2D / 3D graphics programs , animation software , publishing , web design , audio production , video editing and some stuff that I know so little about that you 'll have to discover it for yourself .
Get this one but beware -- I think that once you start working with it , you enter a dark 4th dimension where time seems not to exist .
2. ArtistX - Another time vacuum for those of us who aspire to artistic greatness .
ArtistX sports almost every available free multimedia software program and suite in existence .
Chances are that if it is n't in ArtistX , you might not need or want it .
Like 64 Studio , it has way too much software to list but if you 're a multimedia professional or want to be one , ArtistX will take you there and back .
Between 64 Studio and ArtistX , I 'd need two high - end computers , four monitors and lots and lots of time .
And perhaps a vacation .
3. AsteriskNOW - Leaving the multimedia realm , I discovered AsteriskNOW while attempting to create my own voicemail , fax server , VOIP gateway system .
The software installs easily , as advertised , and almost everything worked without a hitch .
I think the main problem I had was that I had purchased my board on an auction site and the hardware might have been less than perfect .
My suggestion is that , if you 're serious about an Asterisk solution , purchase a supported board from the source : Digium .
I 've seen Asterisk in action and it's impressive .
For the cost of the board , a computer and a few hours of time , you can have a communications solution worth thousands .
4. LiveKiosk -
If you need a web - based kiosk , then this little gem is just what you need .
You use it as a live CD or a flash - drive kiosk .
The only drawback that I can find is that its wireless connectivity is limited in that it does n't support WEP or WPA security .
The CD image is small ( ~140 MB ) and is ready to boot and serve .
5. LinuxMCE -
This is the coolest thing since sliced bread and sliced bread is the bomb .
LinuxMCE is a smart home solution with the following features / controls : Lighting , climate , media , security and telecom ( using Asterisk ) .
LinuxMCE is so advanced , I 'm surprised that home builders are n't including it in their multimedia home options .
It does everything except make breakfast and I 'm sure that someone is working on a module for that .
6. Puppy Linux -
So many of you , my faithful readers , use Puppy Linux , I have to include it here .
Puppy is cool because it is small , fast and easy -- besides actual puppy breath , what more could you ask for ?
You do n't even have to install it , since it works from a bootable CD or USB drive -- take it anywhere with you .
At just over 100MB , it 's a cheap computer on a flash drive .
If you want a full - blown OpenOffice.org installation , you 'd better opt for a 512MB ( or larger ) flash drive .
Puppy Linux is good stuff .
I hope someone is working on a " fetch my slippers " module and puppy breath extensions would be awesome too .
7. SuperGamer -
And now for a real time - wasting experience , I 'd like for you to meet SuperGamer ; a live DVD with games that are either native to or optimized for Linux .
I wasted ... ummm , productively spent one whole day of my much needed vacation playing with this one .
I had to hide the DVD and website from my wife who really hates any computer game other than solitaire .
Boot with caution and have eyedrops nearby .
8. Tempest Showroom -
This one wins the prize for " Totally Worthless Linux Distribution . "
This live CD makes your computer monitor send out radio signals that you can pick up on a radio .
Have fun but do n't tell anyone .
I 've included it here just so you can receive the same sense of joy I did when I heard Beethoven 's Fuer Elise played by my monitor .
9. Zenwalk - A real Slackware - based distribution that delivers a fast , sleek , full - featured distro with everything you need for productivity and software development .
There are five editions of Zenwalk , find one for yourself : Standard Edition - XFCE plus all the goodies mentioned above , Core Edition - No GUI but a ready - to - create server system , Live Edition is the Standard Edition on a bootable CD image , the Gnome Edition contains everything you 'd expect plus Gnome and there is a special ZenEdu Live Special Edition designed with school - aged kids in mind .
10 . Zeroshell - This Linux distribution provides you with a complete network management system .
It acts as a router / bridge , firewall , http proxy server , load balancer , VPN Server , RADIUS Server , LDAP Server , DNS Server and more .
The new versions ( 1.0 + ) will also have SMTP and IMAP services .
You can install it , run it from the bootable CD or install it on a flash drive .
This is one of the most complete solutions I 've ever seen for providing comprehensive network services and security .
Have you used any of the distributions mentioned in this post ?
If so , write back and tell us how they worked for you .
If you know of good alternatives to any of them , let us know about them and your experiences .
By Russell Adams
Like at a lot of publications , Newsweek was forced to start its week over when the earthquake hit Haiti .
Give the magazine credit for an artful recovery .
The Washington Post Co.- owned publication has tapped President Barack Obama to pen a cover story on Haiti for the Jan. 25 issue hitting newsstands on Monday .
Newsweek was readying a story about the Google - China row when the earthquake hit .
Editor Jon Meacham scrapped his plans and hit the phones in search of the highest authority he could find to weigh in , according to a person familiar with the matter .
He reached David Axelrod , senior adviser to Obama , who asked his boss if he was game .
Getting Obama to write an essay about the Haiti tragedy is a coup for the struggling magazine and aligns squarely with its new strategy .
Newsweek lost $ 25 million in the first half of 2009 , and the Post Co. last year reinvented the magazine , cutting its staff and shifting its focus from news reporting to commentary .
The list of contributors on many weeks reads like a who ’s who of political operatives and academics weighing in on hot - button issues .
The most recent cover story , “ The Conservative Case for Gay Marriage , ” was written by Theodore Olson , who also represented George W. Bush in the Supreme Court case Bush v. Gore and later became President Bush ’s first solicitor general .
Newsweek ’s Obama - Haiti issue will hit newsstands a few days before the one - year anniversary of the inauguration of Obama , who ’s getting mixed reviews in the polls .
Deborah Prince , the head of Legal Affairs at Which ? , the consumer watchdog , disagrees with the accused having to pay .
“ I think this type of tribunal should be free and housed within Ofcom , or a dedicated ombudsman service should be created .
A lot of this is about consumer education and letting people know if they have unprotected WiFi , people could using it remotely to illegal download music . ”
Republican senatorial candidate Scott Brown ( 3rd l. ) speaks to campaign staffers as a supporter Chad Brower of Brimfield , Mass . , feed his son Sean at the Omni Parker House in Boston , Mass . , on Thursday .
Brown held a press conference where he accepted the support of a group of veterans ahead of the special election to be held Tuesday , Jan. 19 , to fill the senate seat left vacant by the death of Sen .
Ted Kennedy .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
“ The Europe as you know it from visiting , from your parents or friends is on the verge of collapsing , ” Geert Wilders said in a speech in the United States last year .
The leader of the Netherlands ’ populist Party for Freedom added : “ We are now witnessing profound changes that will forever alter Europe ’s destiny and might send the Continent in what Ronald Reagan called ‘ a thousand years of darkness . ’ ” And not just Europe , but America as well .
Been to Europe lately ?
Thought it was bad ?
You ai n’t seen nothing yet .
The passage of the Lisbon Treaty , hailed by President Obama , nailed the coffin shut on national sovereignty in Europe .
The people of Europe fought it , but were overwhelmed by their political elites and the lack of American leadership in this age of our rather Marxist , collectivist U.S. president .
Come Jan. 1 , 2010 , a disastrous and suicidal pact called the Euro - Mediterranean Partnership ( Europe / Mediterranean ) goes into effect with little fanfare or examination .
It boggles the mind that such a consequential and seismic cultural shift could be mandated and put into play without so much as a murmur from the mainstream media .
Why should Americans care about this ?
Americans have to care because this global gobbledygook is coming to our shores , thanks to our globalist president .
The European human rights group called Stop the Islamization of Europe ( SIOE ) has been working tirelessly to expose the mass Muslim immigration plan of the Euro - Med Partnership .
A statement on the SIOE Web site criticizes the secrecy of the process : “ It was shocking to hear about the plans and at the same time knowing that Danish politicians and a [ cowardly ]
Danish press - who is otherwise proud to be critical - has told nothing to the Danish people about this project which begins in January .
This also showed clearly at the conference .
Only very few politicians showed up and no media .
Those politicians who showed up had obviously never heard about the Euro - Mediterranean project .
The goal of the Euro - Mediterranean cooperation is to create a new Greater European Union encompassing both Europe and North Africa , with the Mediterranean Sea becoming a domestic Eurabian sea .
The goal is to establish a “ comprehensive political partnership , ” including a “ free trade area and economic integration ” ; “ considerably more money for the partners ” ( that is , more European money flowing into North Africa ) ; and “ cultural partnership ” - that is , importation of Islamic culture into post - Christian Europe .
According to the SIOE , in the Euro - Med plan “ Europe is to be islamized .
Democracy , Christianity , European culture and Europeans are to be driven out of Europe .
Fifty million North Africans from Muslim countries are to be imported into the EU . ”
Skeptical ?
It ’s already happening .
The British newspaper the Daily Express reported in October 2008 on “ a controversial taxpayer - funded ‘ job centre ’ ” that opened in Mali at that time as “ just the first step towards promoting ‘ free movement of people in Africa and the EU . ’
Brussels economists claim Britain and other EU states will ‘ need ’ 56 million immigrant workers between them by 2050 to make up for the ‘ demographic decline ’ due to falling birthrates and rising death rates across Europe . ”
To offset this decline , a “ blue card ” system is to be created that will allow card holders to travel freely within the European Union and have full rights to work - as well as the full right to collect welfare benefits .
A Muslim population from Africa moving freely into Europe threatens America .
On Christmas Day , a Nigerian Muslim flew from Amsterdam to Detroit and tried to explode a bomb on the plane - after he was allowed to board the plane without a passport .
The Euro - Mediterranean Partnership will make jihad attacks like this one all the easier .
And once in Europe , Muslims have already begun demanding special privileges and accommodations .
IslamOnline reported on Dec. 21 that “ Muslims activists from 26 European countries have come together to launch the first rights council to enlighten European Muslims about their rights , monitor rising Islamophobia and defend Muslim rights in European courts of law . ”
Ali Abu Shwaima , a Muslim leader in Italy , explained : “ We think European human rights groups are not doing enough to defend the rights of Muslims .
Therefore we thought that we need this new council , especially that all laws and constitutions in Europe respect freedom of religion and oppose all forms of discrimination and racism . ”
“ Islamophobia , ” “ discrimination ” and “ racism ” are all terms Muslims in Europe and America use to confuse people into thinking that the perpetrators of Islamic terrorism are the real victims .
And it is working : Mr. Wilders is going on trial in the Netherlands , instead of all the Islamic hate sponsors he is fighting against .
It has to be this way , to increase harmony among the Muslim and non-Muslim member states of the Euro - Med Partnership .
This internationalism is already destroying what has made Europe free and great .
And now Mr. Obama seems to want to do the same to America .
Pamela Geller is the editor and publisher of the Atlas Shrugs Web site .
She is the author ( with Robert Spencer ) of the forthcoming book “ The Post - American Presidency : The Obama Administration ’s War on America ” ( Simon and Schuster , July 2010 ) .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Runic 's critically - acclaimed action RPG , Torchlight , has received a major update to add support for Steam Cloud functionality and Steam Achievements .
With Steam Cloud support , Torchlight saved games and characters now follow you to any PC .
In addition to adding Cloud support , Torchlight players may now slash their way to over 60 Steam achievements .
In celebration of the update Torchlight is available for 50 % off until Monday !
Seasteading Gets You Agorism ( and whatever else you want to try )
Ineffabelle writes :
Thinking about seasteading and how it relates to agorism ( I did a post that barely touched on this a while back , in response to Patri Friedman ) again , I think what I see what my intuitive objection is to the current seasteading model .
It seems to me that the current “ seasteading ” approach seems to be modeled on the currently existing nation state .
And indeed , most seasteading proponents seem to be at least quasi-statist in their thinking .
Certainly they do n’t strike me as a bunch of hard core anarchists .
A more anarchist / agorist approach to seasteading to me would be a colony of small ships , essentially houseboats but maybe with a bit more range , who trade goods and services amongst each other outside of the purview of any sort of governing body at all .
One of the major advantages of this approach , to me , outside of the obvious one that you do n’t need millions and millions of dollars to get started , is that you also do n’t provide an obvious , centralized target for government reprisal .
There are several different threads here .
One is about seasteading strategy .
I posted my thoughts on the reasons I prefer large - scale capital - intensive seasteading to the approach above on the seasteading blog last year , and it generated a ton of discussion , as it ’s an area of great disagreement .
So while the “ agorist ” approach suggested is a good one , it is not new to the seasteading movement .
Rather , it is one that many seasteaders believe in – see Vince ’s great Seasteading Manifesto to start .
It ’s not my favored approach , but I would be delighted if agorists starting building single - family seasteads .
The next is about culture – are seasteaders quasi-statist ?
Actually , in my experience , proponents of private polycentric law [ 1 ] are the people who most often understand the political theory behind seasteading .
I do n’t know if they are a plurality of seasteaders , because such people are rare , but certainly many seasteaders believe in private polycentric law .
Lastly , if we ’re going to compare seasteading and agorism , I think seasteading has two major advantages over agorism / polycentric law :
First , it is more meta .
Whatever your preferred political system , seasteading lets you try it .
If you are right that it ’s a great system , it will be a great place to live and attract lots of people .
Seasteading gives you agorism .
And with a special extra bonus : if you find out that your favored political theory is actually not so great to live under , while you ’ve been learning that , other people will have been testing other things – and maybe one of them will have found something that works .
Second , it has a realistic path to success .
It bypasses the state by using technology to open a frontier , instead of hopelessly fight to beat the state on its own territory .
The agorist idea that small grey markets will ever end the power of the state is sheer lunacy .
While both are rebellions against the status quo , seasteading cleverly avoids a direct challenge .
Dealing with waves may be hard , but beating the state at its own game – using violence to control territory – is much harder .
And these same two points apply to futarchy , Moldbuggian Monarchy , and much much more .
Whatever weird political system you like , whatever clever incentives for efficiency you have found , unless you have a fabulously clever way to make it in the interests of politicians to enact a policy that renders them less powerful [ 2 ] , seasteading is probably your best bet .
It ’s the meta - answer because it produces an ecosystem of competing governments , while each of these specific proposals is merely a hypothesis about a single form of government which might be superior if we could somehow enact it .
[ 1 ]
For many reasons , I prefer this term to “ anarchy ”
[ 2 ] I ’ve heard of exactly one such idea – Michael Strong ’s Free Zones w/ equity for dictators “ Georgist Endgame ” strategy .
Doomsday Clock Moved One Minute Back
Humanity gets a reprieve .
The symbolic Doomsday Clock was moved back by one minute morning of Thursday , January 14 .
It now stands at 11:54 .
The Doomsday Clock is a symbolic clock face , maintained since 1947 by the board of directors of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists at the University of Chicago .
Its is an analogy of the human species being at a time that is “ minutes to midnight ” , wherein midnight represents “ catastrophic destruction ” .
The number of minutes before midnight measures the degree of nuclear , environmental , and technological threats to mankind .
The sliding back was announced from the New York Academy of Sciences after agreeing that “ for the first time since 1945 , leaders of nuclear weapons states are cooperating to vastly reduce their arsenals and secure all nuclear bomb - making material .
And for the first time ever , industrialized and developing countries alike are pledging to limit climate - changing gas emissions that could render our planet nearly uninhabitable . ”
The clock has moved 19 times during its 63 year history .
It came closest to midnight when it ticked at 11:58 in 1953 during the testing of the hydrogen bomb .
The world felt safest in 1991 when it was 11:43 when the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty .
In both cases , the countries responsible for the time setting were Soviet Union and the United States .
Natalie Portman has revealed that she has no plans to go nude on the big screen .
The Other Boleyn Girl star has bared almost all in roles for Closer and My Blueberry Nights , but does n't want to go the full hog .
" I 'm definitely not a prude about sex or nudity , I just do n't want do something that will end up as a screen grab on a porn site so meanwhile I 'm doing halfsies - I 'm like , ' I 'll show my butt but not my boobs ' , " she told Elle magazine .
Natalie - who next stars in Brothers with Jake Gyllenhaal and Tobey Maguire - is proud of her ' good girl ' tag .
" The good - girl image was something I consciously cultivated after Leon , " she admitted .
" There was a lot of controversy about the whole Lolita thing .
My parents were super - protective about it , but I got a lot of weird letters .
It was really upsetting .
I did n't want to be seen as a sex object , so I went the opposite direction . "
The 28 - year - old said she aspires to be like Hollywood icon Meryl Streep .
" You look at Meryl Streep , who is so phenomenally , freakishly gorgeous , and in some ways it 's just bizarre that she was never a sex symbol , " she said .
" But it was always about her - and now it does n't matter that she 's getting older , because we just want to continue watching her be an interesting person .
Whereas you see actresses who marketed themselves on their bodies , and they might be good , but over time they just lose it because that sort of thing does n't last . "
Brothers is released in cinemas on January 22 .
The full interview and shoot appears in the February issue of UK Elle , out January 6 .
How can anyone raise a family on only $ 17 million a year ?
For some masochistic reason , I decided to devote a sizable portion of my day to money .
Reading articles about the recession , counting and recounting the one dollar bills in my wallet ( six , by the way ) , listening to any hip - hop song made in the past 13 years — I did all that .
By the end of the session I was angry at money ( for not coming to me readily ) , so I decided I needed to redirect my fiduciary anger .
And what better target is there than rich a - holes , right ?
Here are 11 actual quotes about money from rich people .
These quotes fall somewhere in a Venn diagram of insensitive and oblivious — the amount of overlap only known to the speaker .
1 | “ I want only two houses , rather than seven … I feel like letting go of things . ”
– Barbra Streisand
Theoretically , I should wail on her here for “ only ” having two houses … but , then again , she said this long before the 2000s , when everyone in the U.S. could own between two and seven houses as long as they had a piece of string and Penny Hardaway rookie card as collateral .
2 | “ Instead [ of having ] four maids or three maids in the house , you can have two maids . ”
– Abdel Rahman al - Awadi , Kuwaiti Minister for Cabinet Affairs , on saving money
Man , on the hierarchy of making unthinkable wealth , there really is n’t anything the compares to a Middle Eastern country with oil money .
( Other than “ defense contractor making weapons to take on Middle Eastern country with oil money . ” )
3 | “ You know my life , this financial thing , is a very complicated issue .
Obviously , when you make all that money , people think , ‘ OK , let ’s assume it is $ 35 million . ’
People have to understand that $ 35 million , you ’re paying the government 41 percent .
That leaves you with about $ 17 or $ 18 million , not even .
Then you ’re taking care of your whole family . ”
– Jose Canseco , former MLB player
I think even Shawn Kemp could raise a family on $ 18 million .
( With the name tag budget being a good 0.5 percent of that . )
4 | “ A billion here , a billion there , sooner or later it adds up to real money . ”
– Everett Dirksen , R- Illinois , House of Representatives ( 1933 - 49 ) , Senate ( 1951 - 69 )
Hilariously exaggerated government spending really does make people lose perspective sometimes .
As part of my effort to drive myself crazy , I looked at how much I paid in taxes last year and tried to figure out what my money might ’ve gone to .
I ’ve decided to go with either new uniforms for 50 National Park rangers or one bolt in the International Space Station .
( On a tangent , is anyone else ready for the U.S. to give up on the space program ?
Just kinda seems like a great way to hemorrhage money .
We beat the Reds. 41 years ago .
But now it ’s 2010 and we have n’t made much progress in the areas we were supposed to : Vacations to the Moon , meeting aliens , or getting our hands on some of that Moon money .
The closest we ’ve come to discovering life on Mars is when everyone has their inevitable Bowie phase during their sophomore year of college .
I say end it now , and resume when it looks like the Chinese or North Koreans are going to be the first ones to walk on the planet formerly known as Pluto . )
5 | “ OMG i was saying how i could n’t afford the gas to fly daddy ’s jet to the riviera this summer , and this barista totally rolled her eyes at me ”
– Twitter user @babesmcphee
Twitter is allowing people to take egotistic obliviousness and insensitivity to a new level — and this is one of the best examples ever .
This line is voted the number one quote on the website Tweeting Too Hard which chronicles the world ’s most obnoxious tweets .
AKA … tweets .
6 | “ Most of us have stopped using silver every day . ”
– Margaret Thatcher , British Prime Minister ( 1979 -90 )
For some reason , I just keep picturing Margaret Thatcher saying this like Lucille Bluth .
( “ What ’s a banana cost ? $ 10 ? ” )
7 | “ I ’ve cut back , because my partner Lorenzo and I are buying a house in the West Village . ”
– Marc Jacobs , fashion designer
I have a friend ( who asked not to be called out by name ) who ’s cutting back by wandering into a hotel down the street from his apartment every so often and swiping shampoo and soap from a maid ’s cart .
So I guess everyone ’s got to tighten it up right now .
8 | “ Why would I want to help them win a title ?
They ’re not doing anything for me .
I ’m at risk .
I have a lot of risk here .
I got my family to feed . ”
– Latrell Sprewell , former NBA player , rejecting a three - year , $ 21 million contract
I ’m loathe to defend Sprewell , but I think , on some level , I know what was going on in his head — anyone with a family wants to make as much money as possible to provide for them to their absolute maximum ability .
( This is different than those of us who can quit our jobs and dick around on “ personal projects ” for a while because all we need to do is drum up enough money to keep the lights and DSL on . )
But … it was an incredibly bad choice of words , considering you could feed an entire third world country for $ 21 million .
Not forever , but at least for a while .
Assuming that country is n’t India and has a reasonably - sized population .
And that everyone there is cool with raman at least once a day .
I mean , even without a bulk discount , that money could buy 210 million packages of ramen .
As an homage to Sprewell they could choke it down once a day .
9 | “ I ’m so naive about finances .
Once when my mother mentioned an amount and I realized that I did n’t understand she had to explain : ‘ That ’s like three Mercedes . ’
Then I understood . ”
– Brooke Shields
I ’m assuming she said this as a child star ( or , in the case of her Calvin Klein ads , child porn star ) — ya know , around the time when she was farting on the set of Blue Lagoon .
If she said this during the Suddenly Susan days , then … well , we probably would n’t be that surprised , actually .
10 | “ When I see someone who is making anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 750,000 a year , that ’s middle class . ”
– Fred Heineman , R- North Carolina , House ( 1995 - 97 )
The median household income in the state he was representing is under $ 45,000 .
I guess when you ’re a one - term Congressman you ’ve got to say something to get on the map .
It must be tough to be a one termer .
According to the AP Government class I took in 1996 , it ’s easy to get re-elected because , as a sitting Congressman , you can send everyone mail for free .
( Ah , oversimplification .
So neat and tidy . )
Plus , according to The Distinguished Gentlemen , people just go into the booth and vote for the name they know .
Yes , I base my understanding of American governance on a high school class I took 14 years ago and an Eddie Murphy movie .
I admitted it , now I ’ll never be able to get the shit back into the horse .
11 | “ Money does n’t make you happy .
I now have $ 50 million but I was just as happy when I had $ 48 million . ”
– Arnold Schwarzenegger
I would suspect he was joking , but , best I can tell , because of his still - tenuous grasp of English , the only jokes he makes are references to his movies .
( So if he ’d said , “ I could say that I was as happy at $ 48 million as I am at $ 50 million , but that ’s a True Lie ” or “ With $ 50 million I now finally have enough money to track down Sarah Connor ” then we ’d know he was joking .
As it is — ambiguous . )
—
You may also like …
11 Interesting Facts About Our Presidents and Their Money
11 Crappiest Salaries in 11 U.S. Pro Sports
11 of My New Year ’s Resolutions for 2009
11 Countries That Shockingly Beat the Hell Out of Us in Vacation Time
11 Pairs of Famous People Shockingly Born the Same Year
In her calm , deliberate way , astrophysicist Jocelyn Bell Burnell has always been in the business of changing worlds .
Over a storied four - decade career , she has helped expand our understanding of the universe , caused people to rethink how Nobel Prizes are awarded , and used her stature to fight sexism in the world of science .
Burnell made her first scientific mark in 1968 as Jocelyn Bell , an unknown , 23 - year - old doctoral student from Northern Ireland .
After months of using the new radio telescope at the University of Cambridge , she came upon inexplicable , metronomically regular radio blips from isolated spots in the sky .
Bell and her Ph.D. supervisor , Antony Hewish , concluded that the blips came from hitherto unknown objects , massive yet remarkably small .
Because of their pulsed signals , these objects were dubbed pulsars .
Soon after , pulsars were identified as rapidly spinning neutron stars , the remnants of supernova explosions ; they weigh as much as the sun but are just a dozen miles wide .
The discovery was so significant that the Nobel Committee recognized it with a share of the 1974 prize in physics — an honor that was presented to Hewish but not to the young woman who had made the initial observation , Jocelyn Bell .
The snub made international news .
Time magazine hyped it as “ A Nobel Scandal ? ” But Burnell was philosophical .
“ I believe it would demean Nobel Prizes if they were awarded to research students , except in very exceptional cases , ” she later said , “ and I do not believe this is one of them ....
I am not myself upset about it — after all , I am in good company , am I not ? ”
During the 1970s and 1980s , Burnell went on to work in gamma-ray astronomy at the University of Southampton , X - ray astronomy at University College London , and infrared astronomy at the Royal Observatory in Edinburgh .
In the 1990s she made a series of groundbreaking observations of the still - mysterious binary star system known as Cygnus X - 3 .
All the while , her quiet achievements continued to break boundaries .
When she became a full professor at the Open University of London in 1991 , it doubled the number of female full professors of physics in the United Kingdom .
In 2007 she was made a Dame of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth in recognition of her contributions to science .
Currently Burnell is a visiting professor of astrophysics at the University of Oxford ; a professorial fellow at Mansfield College , Oxford ; and president of the Institute of Physics in London , where DISCOVER caught up with her in her office .
Astronomy was part of your life from the beginning .
Your father was the architect for the Armagh Observatory southwest of Belfast , right ?
Yes .
The observatory has both a 200 - year - old building and newer buildings .
As observatory architect , my dad was partly concerned with the maintenance of them all .
I used to go with him on site visits quite often , from age 7 or 8 .
I have memories of crawling through the rafters of the old building , trying to find where the leak in the roof was .
I probably know the rafters of that observatory better than the astronomers who worked there .
So you were involved in astronomy before you even realized it .
I do n’t know how much influence that had , but I clearly knew of astronomy as a subject and an occupation .
When I declared an interest in it , the staff showed me the telescopes and told me what it was like being an astronomer .
And they thoroughly put me off .
They were optical astronomers , and they worked at night .
When they said to me , a teenager who loved her bed , that you had to be able to stay up at night , I knew I could n’t .
So I thought , “ Hmm , maybe I ca n’t be an astronomer . ”
I then discovered radio astronomy and X - ray astronomy .
These things were developing at that time .
So I thought , “ Right , then I can be a radio astronomer . ”
That was your prime motivation — a good night ’s sleep ?
[ Laughs . ]
It was a large consideration .
The ironic thing is that at the point where we were discovering pulsars , I was working quite a few nights because that was when the pulsar was in the telescope beam .
And radio astronomy was so new at the time that you had to build your own radio telescope at Cambridge .
I was actually putting together the telescope .
It covered four and a half acres .
We put up over 1,000 posts and strung more than 2,000 dipole antennas between them .
The whole thing was connected by 120 miles of wire and cable .
We did the work ourselves — about five of us — with the help of several very keen vacation students who cheerfully sledge - hammered all one summer .
It was a primitive type of telescope , as you would expect in the early days of the field .
Radio astronomy was new then .
It arose from World War II radar .
How did your radio telescope work ?
The output from the telescope appeared on four three - track pen recorders as a squiggly red line on moving chart paper .
The telescope produced 100 feet of chart paper every day .
One complete scan of the sky took four days , or 400 feet of paper .
I was responsible for analyzing this .
In the six months I operated the telescope , we recorded several miles of chart .
What led to your discovery of the first pulsar ?
My thesis project was to identify quasars , which are very distant , very energetic objects , and still quite mysterious .
Some of the squiggles were what I was looking for , and some were radio interference .
But there was another bit of squiggle that did n’t make sense .
It took up about a quarter - inch out of 400 feet of chart paper .
I think the first few times I saw it , I noted it with a question mark .
But your brain remembers things you do n’t realize it remembers .
By about the fourth or fifth time I came across this signal , my brain said , “ You ’ve seen something like this before . ”
I talked to my supervisor , Antony Hewish .
We wanted this signal not to take up just a quarter inch but to be spread out so that we could see the structure .
What we needed to do was to run the chart paper more quickly .
We could n’t run the chart paper at that speed for 24 hours a day — it would run out — so I had to go to the observatory each day at the appropriate time , switch to high - speed recording for five minutes , and then switch back to normal speed .
I did that every day for a month .
And there was absolutely nothing .
One day there was a lecture at Cambridge that I was very much interested in .
I thought , “ Stuff this ; I ’m going to the lecture . ”
Next morning when I went out to the observatory for the routine paper change , I discovered the source had reappeared , and I had missed it .
So I did n’t dare go out for lunch or anything .
I stayed at the observatory until that relevant time of day came and switched on the high - speed chart recording .
As the chart flowed under the pen , the signal was a series of pulses .
When I saw this , half of my brain was saying , “ Gee whiz , it ’s a pulsed signal , ” and the other half was saying , “ What do I do next ? ”
Was that an exciting moment ?
No , it was worrying , because we were not sure what this signal was .
Tony was convinced there was something wrong with the equipment .
And we had to know sooner rather than later , because my whole thesis was in jeopardy .
After about a month we had sorted out that it was n’t crossed wires and it was n’t interference , and it was n’t this and it was n’t that .
So what was it ?
It kept pulsing very , very , very accurately [ every 1.339 seconds ] .
Now , if something is going to keep pulsing regularly and it ’s not flagging , it must have big energy reserves .
That means it ’s massive .
But it ’s also small .
When we say that , it ’s because of the rapid repetition rate — we ’re saying it ’s small in diameter .
We now know that pulsars are neutron stars , which are indeed very dense .
They ’re massive but small in dimension .
Your process of elimination is fascinating :
You initially considered that the pulse could be a satellite , radio interference , a signal bouncing off a corrugated steel building ?
When you ’re faced with something new , you have to find your own path across it , and one way is to think off - the - wall about what it might be .
Including the possibility that those pulses could be a signal beamed from another civilization ?
Radio astronomers are aware in the back of their minds that if there are other civilizations out there in space , it might be the radio astronomers who first pick up the signal .
It did n’t make total sense , but faintly , just possibly .
So we nicknamed that source Little Green Man .
It was tongue - in - cheek .
We were n’t serious , but we had to call it something .
When did you realize what you were actually dealing with ?
I was analyzing a recording of a completely different part of the sky and thought I saw some scruff .
I checked through previous recordings of that part of the sky and on occasions there was scruff there .
That scruff went through the telescope beam at about 2 o’clock in the morning .
So at 2 a .m .
I went out to the observatory , switched on the high - speed recorder , and in came blip , blip , blip , this time one and a quarter seconds apart , in a different part of the sky .
That was great .
That was the sweet moment .
That was eureka .
How so ?
It could n’t be little green men because there was unlikely to be two lots of them on opposite sides of the universe , both deciding to signal to a rather inconspicuous planet Earth .
It had to be some new kind of source , some new type of star that we had never seen before .
Later I found a third and a fourth as well .
Why did the discovery of pulsars have so great an impact ?
Because it was such a surprise and because the objects turned out to be so extreme .
Nobody knew such things were out there .
Pulsars later made black holes seem more plausible [ by showing that a dying star could collapse to an extremely small size ] .
They opened up a whole new domain , a bit like when the Spanish conquistadores brought horses to South America .
The native people had never seen horses !
We had never seen anything like pulsars or neutron stars , and astronomers react not with fear — as the native South Americans did — but with excitement , delight , enthusiasm , amazement , fascination , and engagement to a startling discovery like this .
What was the response in the scientific community ?
Following the announcement , every radio astronomer who had access to the right equipment was observing the known pulsars and searching for more .
A lot of research projects were disrupted as radio astronomers around the world commandeered anything suitable .
Within six months the optical astronomers were joining in , particularly searching for a pulsar in the Crab nebula [ the remains of a nearby supernova whose explosion was seen in A.D. 1054 ] .
A group of X - ray astronomers who had previously observed the Crab nebula reanalyzed their data to see if they could have detected a pulsar in it , and they indeed found pulsations in their data .
It became clear after about six months that these pulsars were rotating neutron stars .
But there are features of pulsars that we still do n’t understand , 40 years on .
So the science moved very quickly , but it has also continued to be a lively field of research .
After the discovery was announced , you had a somewhat difficult experience with the press .
Yes , that was very ... interesting .
They did n’t know how to handle a young woman scientist .
They asked Antony Hewish about astronomy , and they asked you if you had a boyfriend —
How many boyfriends .
— and they compared your height with Princess Margaret ’s .
I got rather tired of these questions about what my height and breast and waist measurements were , so I said I did n’t know .
Then the reporters tried prompting .
And then there was the Nobel Prize snub .
Do you wonder how your life would have been different if you had won the prize ?
I have discovered that one does very well out of not getting a Nobel Prize , especially when carried , as I have been , on a wave of sympathy and a wave of feminism .
I also was getting a lot of other awards , to some extent in compensation for not getting the Nobel .
And that ’s probably more fun because it means there are more parties .
The Nobel goes on a week , but there ’s only one party .
And if you get a Nobel , nobody ever gives you anything else again because they do n’t feel they can match it .
So getting a Nobel could well have meant less fun over all .
There was a later Nobel Prize given for pulsar work , in 1993 .
Yes , the one that went to Russell Hulse and Joseph Taylor [ for their work using a binary pulsar to study gravitational waves ] .
I went to that Nobel ceremony as one of Joe Taylor ’s guests .
What was that experience like ?
It was great , probably more fun than going as a laureate .
The recipient is forever having to stand up and say , “ Thank you for this wonderful reception … [ adding in a lower voice ] which is totally the same as the two we had yesterday and the one we had the day before that .
But never mind . ” [ Laughs . ]
How many pulsars have been found to date ?
Probably pushing 2,000 .
It ’s a hugely lively field .
It keeps reinventing itself into something totally different , and whoosh — we go off in another direction .
There have even been some suggestions that pulsars could someday act as guide points for interstellar travel .
Since each pulsar has its own distinct pattern of flashes and its own period , they could indeed be used one day as interstellar navigation beacons .
But not yet , because we would need to attach a 100 - meter [ 300 - foot ] radio telescope to a spaceship — or attach a spaceship to a 100 - meter telescope .
Some technological advances are required .
Pulsars also provide us with very accurate clocks distributed through the galaxy , swinging beams around the sky like lighthouses and doing so with incredible precision .
They have opened up experimental , as opposed to theoretical , ways to test Einstein ’s theories of relativity .
So far , the theories have checked out , but the pulsar astronomers are not done yet .
You have spoken often about the “ leaky pipeline ” phenomenon , referring to women who drop out of science careers after getting their Ph.D.s .
Was there a time when you thought you might become part of the leak ?
Oh , yes , a lot of times , particularly during the phase when I was married and raising a family and following my husband around the country as he changed jobs .
At the point when our son was born , I assumed I would suddenly turn into a normal female and would be quite happy staying at home and looking after a baby .
I rapidly discovered that this assumption was wrong .
To some extent I was trapped , in that I did n’t have a regular job .
So I got a part - time tutoring job .
You tell an anecdote about how the Royal Astronomical Society was doing a series of lectures on British astronomers and did not want to include the 18th - century astronomer Caroline Herschel because she was n’t good - looking enough .
That ’s right .
[ Sighs . ]
Did this happen recently ?
Not that long ago .
And all my generation of women scientists have a host of stories about those kinds of thing .
In Britain , in generations older than me , women were not expected to have careers .
In generations younger than me , women do expect to have careers , or at least the option to have a career .
It ’s my generation that has been the turning point , and being at the turning point can be a bit rough sometimes .
What made you decide to speak out on the challenges facing women who want to have careers in science ?
I can remember when I was a full professor at the Open University , suddenly realizing that I was probably secure enough , established enough , that I could afford to start making trouble , thinking about other women and not just about my own career .
I could start rattling the bars of cages .
That was a very conscious decision , probably about 10 years ago .
What ’s happening now is there is progress , although it ’s slower than any of us would have wished .
That may be just because we were too optimistic .
And the other thing that ’s happening at the moment is that four or five of the professional scientific and engineering bodies have suddenly got female presidents .
The Geological Society has a female president .
The Institute of Physics does too , and three of the engineering ones have or are about to have .
I would love to think that the tide has turned .
Clearly , instead of being part of the leaky pipeline , you found your way back into the research world .
Yes , but note that a number of my positions have been management , not typical academic ones .
For example , at the Royal Observatory Edinburgh I headed the James Clerk Maxwell Telescope Section .
I was also chair of the country ’s biggest physics department at the Open University , and I was the dean of science at Bath .
On the research side of your work , what is the most exciting thing you have studied since your pulsar days ?
After pulsars , the research I am proudest of is on an X - ray source called Cygnus X - 3 , the third X - ray source discovered in the constellation of Cygnus .
It is an X - ray emitting binary star near the edge of our galaxy , about 30,000 light - years away .
Some astronomers think Cygnus X - 3 is a regular star orbiting a neutron star or a black hole .
But nobody is really sure , is that right ?
Right .
Infrared observations have shed some light on this obscure object .
It shows bizarrely unique behavior in all wavelengths and appears to expand and contract at speeds greater than the speed of light .
[ The apparent faster - than - light speed , also seen in some quasars , is believed to be an illusion caused by our perspective on the object . ]
In 1999 you singled out dark matter as one of the greatest mysteries in astrophysics .
What do you think about it now , a decade later ?
[ Laughs . ]
I ’m still saying that .
I have been saying for some time that we need a paradigm shift in cosmology , and I ’m not alone in thinking it .
But who knows what this new thing is If we knew , we would have Nobel Prizes right , left , and center .
Cosmology does seem , to me , to be getting messy and is ripe for a change .
Do you think there is a revolution in the offing ?
Well , I think it ’s due .
Whether it ’s in the offing is another question .
Portland , Oregon ( CNN ) --
Two F - 15 fighter jets escorted a passenger jet that had been headed for Hawaii back to Portland International Airport in Oregon after a passenger in coach became " uncooperative , " an airline official said Wednesday .
Hawaiian Airlines Flight 39 took off from Portland at 10:10 a.m. with 231 passengers and a crew of 10 when -- 90 minutes into the flight -- its captain decided to turn around the Boeing 767 , said Keoni Wagner , the airline 's vice president of public affairs .
The fighter jets intercepted the plane at 1 p.m. , North American Aerospace Defense Command said in a written statement .
It landed at 1:16 p.m. without further incident , the TSA said .
The military decided that fighters should accompany the flight after receiving " indicators " of a problem , said Lt. Cmdr.
Gary Ross , a NORAD spokesman .
He declined to elaborate on those indicators but noted that NORAD often must make decisions with limited amounts of time and information about whether fighter jets should accompany commercial flights that may be experiencing problems .
" There was little time to react , " he said .
" The prudent thing to do was to scramble " the jets .
Upon the plane 's return , the passenger -- a 56 - year - old Salem , Oregon , man -- was escorted from the plane with his female companion without incident , the FBI and the Port of Portland said in a joint statement .
The FBI said it was not releasing his name because he had not been charged .
FBI agents and Port officers interviewed the passenger and his companion , the flight crew and others , then released the two and referred the matter to the U.S. Attorney 's Office for review .
Local and federal officers searched the plane , then allowed it to depart again for Hawaii , absent the pair .
Oregon Air National Guard spokesman Sgt. John
Hughel said command post officials told him they did not know who had placed the call for the escort .
In a statement , the Transportation Security Administration said the captain decided to return the plane to Portland " due to a suspicious passenger who made threatening remarks and refused to store his carry - on bag . "
Port of Portland Public Information Officer Martha Richmond told CNN that the plane was turned around " due to concerns the crew had . "
Hawaiian Airlines spokesman
Wagner said pilots occasionally return a jet to the airport from which it took off .
But , he said he had never known one of the flights to be escorted by fighter jets .
" That 's new for us , " he said .
John Cornelio , also a NORAD spokesman , said the command routinely monitors events in the air via the Domestic Events Network , a sort of party line that includes representatives of the Federal Aviation Administration and other agencies involved in national security .
The FAA acknowledged last November that it notified military authorities 69 minutes after losing radio contact with Northwest Flight 188 , which had overflown its destination of Minneapolis - St. Paul airport .
Under standard procedures , the FAA managers should have reported the incident to the Domestic Events Network five to 10 minutes after losing contact with the flight .
Radio contact was eventually restored and the plane was redirected to its destination , where it landed without incident .
Afterward , the FAA promised to take steps to prevent a repeat of that failure .
The incident was one of two that occurred Wednesday .
A Northwest Airlines flight preparing to take off from Miami International Airport in Florida for Detroit's Wayne County International Airport instead taxied back to the gate after a passenger " was heard making inappropriate remarks and acting disruptively , " the airport said in an incident statement .
At the gate , local law enforcement and TSA personnel met the aircraft and all passengers were taken off the plane .
The passenger and three companions were questioned by Miami Dade County police .
The aircraft was searched and cleared for its flight .
CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this story .
Greatest Studs of All Time
A new biography claims Warren Beatty slept with 13,000 women — placing him beneath Fidel Castro and Wilt Chamberlain , and on top of Jack Nicholson and Charlie Sheen .
VIEW OUR GALLERY .
OTTAWA 
For the second time in just over a year , Prime Minister Stephen Harper temporarily shut down Parliament on Wednesday , evoking accusations from opposition politicians that he was abusing parliamentary tradition for political gain .
The move to end the current session of Parliament before starting a new one in March is not routine .
Normally , governments take such a step only after several years in power to reset Parliament ’s legislative agenda , often as a prelude to an election .
The shutdown killed all legislation making its way through the parliamentary process , including bills championed by Mr. Harper ’s Conservative government .
It also shut down all parliamentary committees , including a special one that was raising embarrassing questions about the government ’s policies on Afghans detained by Canadian troops before being turned over to the Afghan government .
Human rights groups and a Canadian diplomat say the detainees were abused after being handed to the Afghans .
Mr. Harper ’s government denies the allegations .
It appears there have been few tears shed at Ferrari following 2007 F1 World Champion Kimi Raikkonen 's departure to make way for Fernando Alonso next year , with Stefano Domenicali contending that the Spaniard is ' better ' at development and motivating the team than the no-nonsense Finn , and has the potential to be ' similar to [ Michael ] Schumacher ' .
Raikkonen claimed the crown in his first season with the Scuderia two years ago , but in 2008 his form dropped off dramatically , amidst accusations that his commitment had gone and his heart was no longer in it .
Despite a brief resurgence after team - mate Felipe Massa 's Hungaroring accident thrust him into the role of de facto team leader over the second half of 2009 , the writing had long since been on the wall for the man from Espoo and rallying beckoned .
Following Alonso's first two visits to Ferrari's Italian headquarters , an engineer remarked that ' in two days he has seen more of the Maranello factory than others in two years ' - understood to have been a scarcely - veiled reference to the Oviedo native 's predecessor [ see separate story - click here ] - and now team principal Domenicali seems to corroborate such sentiments .
" Ferrari needs someone for the team similar to Schumi , " he told German publication Auto Bild , explaining the need for a more natural leader .
" [ Raikkonen is ] very fast , but also very closed .
In a car that is capable of winning , he was and is perfect - but if the car needs to be developed and the team fired up , Alonso is better . "
Prior to arriving at McLaren - Mercedes for his ill - fated single - year sojourn at Woking back in 2007 , Alonso had boasted that his development skills could produce as much as an extra second 's worth of lap time from a car .
However , that season saw the 28 - year - old fall out spectacularly with team - mate Lewis Hamilton and more particularly the McLaren management and team principal Ron Dennis , with whom he rarely saw eye - to - eye .
There are fears that the presence of two Latin characters at Ferrari in 2010 in the political Alonso and apolitical Massa might lead to similar friction - but Domenicali is swift to dismiss such notions .
" I 've spoken to Fernando about [ what happened at ] McLaren , " the Italian revealed .
" He felt betrayed , and also that his relationship with Lewis was not always correct .
At Maranello that will not happen - I can guarantee that . "
In Raikkonen 's defence , it has been noted by former ITV - F1 commentator James Allen that one of the reasons the 18 - time grand prix - winner was hired in the first place was that his predilection for doing his talking on the track was regarded by then Ferrari team principal Jean Todt as a strength rather than a weakness .
However , his friend Tony Wilander 's comments when it was first announced that Raikkonen would be joining the Prancing Horse were perhaps the most telling of all .
" How will the Ferrari team be with Kimi ? " he mused .
" Very different from Schumacher's .
Let 's not forget that Michael arrived at Ferrari together with people who had already worked with him at Benetton .
Kimi , by contrast , does n't know anyone .
On top of that , Kimi 's less of a perfectionist , and he will not visit the factory as often .
However , I 'm sure it will be enough to win the championship . "
It has also been reported that the 2010 Ferrari F1 challenger will feature distinctive nose bumps , like those seen on Red Bull Racing 's RB5 this year .
Rugby , traditionally described as a game for hooligans played by gentlemen , is increasingly being taken up by women .
Female participation in the game has soared , and is expected to increase further as a result of the sport gaining Olympic recognition for 2016 .
There are now more than 200,000 women and girls playing in teams around the world , with the number of girls ' rugby clubs in England alone tripling in the past six years , from 87 in 2003 to 274 in 2009 .
The number of women over 18 playing regularly in England has gone up from 4,124 to 5,019 in the past two years , and the number of girls has risen from 5,961 to 7,925 in the same period .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Next year England will host the Women 's Rugby World Cup for the first time .
Unlike the men's team , which is ranked a paltry seventh , the English women are second in the world , with three Six Nations wins under their belt and a good chance of making the top spot by the end of the season .
In another first , next month will see the women 's team walk out on Twickenham 's hallowed turf against New Zealand shortly after the men's international .
Experts believe the women 's match is likely to be the more interesting of the two fixtures , with England attempting to oust the Kiwis as world number one .
Rosie Williams , the managing director of the Rugby Football Union for Women ( RFUW ) , said : " We 're going into a really exciting time for the women 's game .
When I began the job in 2002 there were hardly any girls playing – now it 's everywhere .
There 's been a really significant increase in women 's rugby players , but the most dramatic rise has been in the numbers of school - age girls playing .
Having the World Cup in England and live on television next year will make it even bigger . "
Despite the game 's testosterone - fuelled image , women are finally being taken seriously , she argues .
" Like cricket or soccer , the game has been dominated by men .
Just because it's a contact sport , that does n't mean it has to be butch ; there has been a cultural change . "
A website devoted to international women 's rugby , ScrumQueens.com , has generated widespread interest since its debut two weeks ago .
Its editor , Alison Donnelly , believes the game 's recent success is due to its accessibility .
" It 's a great sport for girls to take up because it 's really inclusive .
Girls might be the wrong size or shape for other sports , but with rugby you need to be different sizes for different positions , so it 's fine if you 're tall or short , or even a bit overweight . "
Emily Butler , 16 , who plays for Beaconsfield Belles , says the club has seen a rapid boost in numbers .
" My brothers played when I was little and I always wanted to try .
Last year we had 15 players and now we 've got around 35 . "
Charlotte Barras , 27 , the England winger , says the women 's game has changed immeasurably since she started .
" It was n't until university that I got to play properly .
Now there are community development officers who are delivering rugby to girls around the country and the grass - roots has improved dramatically .
" I think people are surprised when they see us play now , they 're shocked by how physical the game is and how athletic we are . "
guest blogger john hare
We have another year of hope ahead of us , let us do what we can to fulfill that hope and further our dreams for a prosperous new year .
For a very long time many of us said that our new years resolution was to be less skilled at crisis management through less practice .
For many of us in the construction industry , this was a case of “ be careful what you wish for ” .
I have had considerably less practice at crisis management in the last two years as a result of having far less things on the plate to manage .
I consider myself lucky because many of the former competitors have no recent practice at all .
I will not make that resolution again .
The crisis management of too much work , too few hours , and the difficulty of getting enough quality help are preferable to this week by week business survival .
This year has a couple of bright spots for us in new products we now offer and less surviving competition for conventional work .
A few weeks ago the ITAR ( International Traffic in Arms regulations , I think ) subject came up again on ARocket .
This time I saw something I had n’t seen before that could possibly affect me .
I was under the impression that a non profit communication on a public forum was safe for discussing rocket technology .
According to Randal , discussing technology possibly applicable to weapons is not protected in conferences and blogs .
It is only ink on paper that is properly considered protected freedom of speech .
As far as I can tell from that discussion , some of the things I have posted concerning rocket technology could lead to jail if a sufficiently overzealous investigator took a notion to try .
One quote was , “ If you are wondering where the line is , you are too close . ”
I do n’t think I will throw out concepts for engine design that might apply to weapons anymore .
If I was convinced that my ideas would make the difference between us becoming a spacefaring society or not , it ‘ might ’ be worth the risk .
I do n’t happen to believe that the value of the ideas I throw out there are worth that risk .
I ’m not worried so much about getting in trouble for posting them now , as the possible effects if I do get into the rocket business and find myself and any business associates vulnerable to legal harassment .
It does go far to explain why so few relevant comments are made by experienced engine workers .
Most if not all of the ideas I throw out have been thought of before .
It is hazardous to the freedom and finances of the people that know better to get into a discussion that could be read by those evil spyin furriners with obvious aliases like Habitat Hermit or simply Pete , both probably dangerous furrin spys from Saudiiraqistan trying to fool us with those fake names . *
I thought that the lack of discussion was mostly for good sound business reasons .
It is annoying to me that my concepts are probably reinventing the square wheel for the most part and the people that know ca n’t straighten me out or take the few good ones further .
That leaves most of the on line discussion of rocket technology to those of us without a dog in the fight .
The ones that know and still provide some feedback must either censor themselves or stay on topics with no possible weapons application .
Since almost anything in the world can be considered a weapon if used that way , safe topics are limited .
You have to wonder how much further along we would be as a spacefaring society if those artificial constraints were not there .
Or at least just enough to honestly slow down information spread on actual serious threats .
I probably throw out a dozen concepts a year that might be useful .
There are thousands of people that can beat that and have the experience and training to back it up .
How many ideas do you see in a year that are even somewhat original ?
How many of these ideas that you never see could make a difference ?
How many times do you see someone with possibly good ideas quit discussing them for lack of intelligent feedback ?
How often do you see someone with a bad idea push it until , everyone is sick of hearing it ?
How often do companies have to solve a problem from scratch because there is poor communication of solutions from people that have been there before ?
How many times have you seen the same bad idea discussed to death because the people with the answers can’t discuss it , leaving it to guesswork ?
How can the NewSpace community solve this problem without risking their freedom ?
I believe that honest and open communication is one of the main keys to being on the moon , Mars , the various L ponts , and dozens of NEOs before 2020 .
Depressing post for a happy new year .
I think solving it is more important for us all than any technical idea I ’ve ever had .
* Both are friends I ’ve never met that apparently are not legal to discuss this subject around , in spite of them likely knowing more than me for the most part .
After tinkering with the Thinkpad 560e for a while and learning some of the eccentricities of it , I swapped the 64 Mb memory stick out of it and put that in the Fujitsu Pentium that was otherwise languishing in the closet .
With a total of 80 Mb to work with , the playing field changes instantaneously .
The only reason I spent a year ( and perhaps longer ) trying to build Crux installations for this machine and its predecessor is because few distros will run comfortably , even at the command line , on only 16 Mb of memory in an i586 .
Crux worked the best , considering it could run X plus a few console - based applications , well under the 16 Mb limit .
Ordinarily Ubuntu and Debian wo n’t even install on 16Mb of memory — the installer program ( yes , even the floppy - based installer program ) crashes and burns without 32 Mb of memory .
In fact , neither OS will even boot without 20 - 30 Mb of memory , regardless of how you get the system on there .
( It ’s always possible that different architectures have different memory demands ; perhaps a different machine could boot on less . )
On the other hand …
Stepping up over that low memory limit makes it much easier to handle .
For the record , that ’s this machine , plus the added stick of memory , and a fresh console - only installation of Ubuntu 9.10 .
Originally I was flustered by the framebuffer issues — the system wo n’t boot to anything but a 640×480 porthole console .
I managed to get around that by forcing it to load the uvesafb module in /etc / modules , and installing v86d , kbd and fbset .
From there I could force it to pick the proper screen resolution with fbset - xres 800 - yres 600 , then set the Terminus font with setfont .
Your machine might need the same coaxing .
Performance at the framebuffer is acceptable , with strictly console - based programs like you see there .
Memory use is around 20 - 30 Mb regularly , with a custom - patched version of screen - vs running ( the default Ubuntu version has some eccentricities I do n’t like ) and four or five text - based applications .
The processor will spike if any one of them takes over , but usually falls down to cruising load of about 20 percent , according to htop .
I have wireless access through a Linksys WPC11 v3 , which is an ancient PCMCIA card that I adore ( the hardware otherwise ca n’t handle CardBus connections ) .
I have floppy access , which I alluded to in my last post .
Sound is still the big falling down point .
It might be something in the way Ubuntu handles sound , or it just might be that the hardware is so old that there ’s little chance of getting it set up at all .
The board is supposedly SoundBlaster 16 - compatible , but I ’ve never been able to detect it , let alone get it configured .
Ubuntu , Debian , Slitaz and ( of course , my mangled )
Crux systems all come up empty - handed .
But to be honest , I ’m doubting whether sound would be a good idea on this .
The 560e running Slitaz was having a frustrating time playing ogg files ; I have a feeling 120 Mhz would only be worse .
It would be nice to have sound but I ’m not going to force the issue .
Otherwise , I think that ’s it .
Bumping the machine up to 80 Mb makes a world of difference in what you can install and do ; if you have a machine treading at 16 - 24 Mb , getting that last little bit of space can seriously change things .
Illustration by M. Morgenstern
IF A single impulse has defined Chinese diplomacy over the past decade , it is its smile : near and far , China has waged a charm offensive .
With its land neighbours , India excepted , China has amicably settled nearly all border disputes ; it has abjured force in dealing with South - East Asian neighbours over still unsettled maritime boundaries .
On the economic front , the free - trade area launched on January 1st between China and the Association of South - East Asian Nations is the world 's biggest , by population .
China 's smiling leaders promise it will spread prosperity .
Farther afield , China has scattered roads and football stadiums across Africa .
By the hundreds , it has set up Confucius Institutes around the world to spread Chinese language and culture .
More than anything , the Beijing Olympics were designed to showcase gentle President Hu Jintao 's notions of a “ harmonious world ” .
In all this , the leaders appear not simply to want to make good a perceived deficit in China 's soft power around the world .
A more brutal calculus prevails : without peace , prosperity and prestige abroad , China will have no peace and prosperity at home .
And without that , the Chinese Communist Party is dust .
Yet of late smiles have turned to snarls .
The instances appear unrelated .
Last month China bullied little Cambodia into returning 22 Uighurs seeking political asylum after bloody riots and a brutal crackdown in Xinjiang last summer .
On December 25th , despite China 's constitutional guarantee of freedom of speech , a veteran human - rights activist , Liu Xiaobo , received a long prison sentence for launching a charter that called for political freedoms .
Western governments had urged leniency .
Britain had also called for clemency for Akmal Shaikh , a Briton caught smuggling heroin into Xinjiang .
Mr Shaikh seems to have been duped by drugs gangs .
His family insist he suffered mental problems and delusions .
Yet the courts refused a psychiatric evaluation .
Britain 's prime minister , Gordon Brown , said he was “ appalled ” by Mr Shaikh 's execution .
In turn , China lashed out at this supposed meddling and ordered Britain to “ correct its mistakes ” .
Sino - British relations , painstakingly improved in recent years , have come unravelled .
It is harder to complain of foreign meddling when Chinese actions have global consequences .
During the Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 98 the Chinese held the yuan steady as currencies all about them crumbled .
Not only did that avert a round of tit - for - tat devaluations .
The regional respect China earned , its diplomats argue , paved the way for the charm offensive that soon followed .
New - found respect gave China a taste for more .
In contrast , during this downturn many complain that China 's dogged pegging of its currency to the dollar harms others .
As the world 's fastest - growing big economy , with the biggest current - account surplus and foreign reserves , its currency ought by rights to be rising .
By several yardsticks the yuan is undervalued and Americans and Europeans fear this leaves them with the pain of global rebalancing .
ASEAN furniture - makers and nail foundries also beg for relief from the mercantilist advantage that a manipulated currency gives China .
Most striking of all were China 's actions at the Copenhagen summit on climate change , where the world 's biggest emitter appeared churlish .
In a bid to avoid being pinned down to firm commitments , China insisted that all figures and numerical targets be stripped out of the final accord , even those that did not apply to China .
Further , China 's prime minister , Wen Jiabao , at first did not deign to sit down with President Barack Obama on the final day , sending relatively junior officials instead .
China may have got a deal it liked , but at the cost of a public - relations disaster .
Some think this a prelude to a prickly , more unpleasant China in the decade ahead , but it is too soon to conclude that .
More likely , China will now try to patch up relations with Britain , and keep putting a positive gloss on Copenhagen .
Peace and prosperity is still the calculus .
China is spending billions cranking up its state media to go global , taking Mr Hu's message of “ harmony ” to a worldwide audience .
A powerful whiff
But the message of harmony will ring hollow abroad if it is secured by muzzling voices at home .
Besides , there is now less goodwill to go around .
A smile is fresh at first , but loses its charm if held for too long .
One problem with China 's smile diplomacy , says the man who coined the phrase , Shi Yinhong of Renmin University in Beijing , is that China 's global impact — its demand for resources , its capacity to pollute — is so much greater than a decade ago .
“ For all we may smile , you can still smell us , ” he says .
That even applies in places , such as Africa , where enthusiasm for China was once unbounded .
China has more than a presentational problem .
For instance , it sends Africa both destabilising arms and peacekeepers , the one generating demand for the other .
China 's manufactures destroy local industries .
Many Africans resent Chinese firms ' deals with their unpleasant leaders and blame them when leaders pocket the proceeds .
China 's clout makes a mockery of two guiding tenets of its charm offensive : relations on the basis of equality ; and non-interference .
That calls for a new diplomacy .
China 's presentational problems with the old one speak of an abiding lack of sophistication , and an attachment to a ritualistic diplomacy ill - suited to fast - moving negotiations , such as in Copenhagen , where the outcome is not pre-cooked .
Over the case of Mr Shaikh , the official press indulged in the predictable and puerile ritual of railing about the historical indignity of the Opium War .
Yet even many Chinese recognise that the world — and even drug - pushing British gunboat - diplomacy — has changed , and that it may be time to move on .
Banyan demands that China correct its mistakes .
Economist.com/blogs/banyan
We have yet to see how mike 12 da will contribute to the site .
Seattle Times Death Penalty Reader Poll
The Seattle Times has posted a question on its Facebook account asking the judicious masses if Christopher Monfort , who police suspect murdered Officer Timothy Brenton , should face the death penalty :
Um , not to seem soft on crime , but the " suspect " has n't even been to an arraignment hearing — let alone begun a trial or , you know , been convicted guilty — and the Seattle Times is running a poll on sentencing him to death ?
Jeez , you guys .
Get a grip .
Now , for the record , I 've been rabid about this case from the beginning .
Whoever killed officer Brenton and shot at officer Britt Sweeney is human scum who deserves to be punished severely .
And I 'm not a fan of the death penalty — it 's expensive , it 's state - sanctioned murder , there are mistakes — but it 's the law on the books and maybe it's what will happen in this case .
However , we have a practice in the United States where we find that someone is innocent until proven guilty — because witch hunts are considered gauche .
And because sometimes people are found not - guilty ( granted , this guy appears guilty based on what we 've heard from the police ) .
But we do n't sentence them to death before the trial begins .
And we most certainly do n't let the court of public opinion — the juvenile , petty court of Facebook , no less — send someone to the gallows .
Even King County Prosecutor Dan Satterberg , who called this crime " the worst of the worst , " says there could be mitigating factors to consider before considering the death penalty .
UPDATE : The Seattle Times has removed the post from its Facebook page .
I wonder why .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AdAge.com ) --
So is the Droid the iPhone killer ?
So far , no , but it's off to a very respectable launch thanks to some smart seeding by Verizon .
Analysts estimate Verizon sold between 100,000 and 200,000 Droids in its opening weekend ; the wireless carrier should sell a total of 765,000 Droids by year - end , according to Avian Securities ' forecast .
At this pace , Droid , which was released in early November , would slightly trail the performance of the first Blackberry Storm , which sold a million units by the end of January after going on sale just before Thanksgiving last year .
Remember , the Storm had few competitors last year , and this year Droid is contending with many more iPhone wannabes .
Though the Droid did well , its debut racked up nowhere near the million iPhones sold in Apple 's opening weekend ( which includes international sales ; Droid is a U.S. - only launch ) .
Droid owes much of its success to its mega - advertising spending , estimated to be at least $ 85 million , the biggest launch ever by its carrier .
But it also received good early buzz by getting its phone into the right hands , enough to earn accolades even from rivals .
" Based on the chatter and all the people talking about the device , they did an excellent job , going far and broad with the seeding of the device , " said a PR executive who declined to be named because her client is a competitor to Motorola ( which designed the Droid 's hardware ) .
Verizon wo n't say how many demonstration phones it distributed to bloggers and influencers , but judging from the number of reviews online , it looked to be a sizable effort -- a big seeding campaign can involve as many as 100 units .
Verizon spokeswoman Brenda Raney , however , downplayed the idea that anything was outside normal practice .
" The phone is in the hands of a variety of reviewers , but I can't tell you that I went outside of the normal community any more for this phone than I did for others , " she said .
The effort was led in - house , but Verizon declined to identify whether other outside PR or word - of - mouth shops were also employed in the launch .
Six ways Verizon seeded the Droid :
NO EMBARGO
To cordon off any bad publicity before the device launch , handset makers and carriers often prohibit reviewers from publishing their musings until the product hits the stores or until the company has issued its own official announcement .
But with Droid , Verizon did n't hold reviewers to the customary embargo , possibly because it was " confident there was n't going to be negative reception " before launch , said Harry McCracken , editor of The Technologist , who reviewed the handset .
Timing might have been a factor too ; Verizon gave out the phones roughly a week ahead of the handset 's release , so there was n't much need for secrecy .
The flurry of positive reviews , coupled with the phone 's fast and furious marketing , worked in Verizon 's favor .
TEASING THE BLOGGERS
To fan excitement among reviewers , Verizon did a teaser stunt that bloggers say is a first for the carrier .
Shortly after Droid 's anti-iPhone teaser campaign aired , some bloggers received a Verizon greeting card displaying the phone 's emblematic red Terminator robot eye .
When they opened the card , they were greeted by the phone 's now trademark robotic voice that utters " Droid . "
The message inside reads : " Coming in November . "
Days later , bloggers received yet another Verizon goodie , this time a remote - control " Star Wars " R2D2 robot , which arrived in a brown cardboard box that would have looked generic but for the red orb on the packaging .
The gift 's accompanying card read : " 11.09 , Droiddoes.com , " which is the phone 's microsite where folks can sign up to get more information .
" This was not standard operating procedure for Verizon by any stretch , " said Michael Oryl , editor of the blog Mobileburn .
It also teased with a photo - op showing Google CEO Eric Schmidt and Verizon Wireless CEO Lowell McAdam .
In the photo , both appeared to be holding phones that had yet to hit the market , sparking mass speculation in the blogosphere .
" That started to generate a bit of hype , and it was weird to see them together , " said Joshua Topolsky , chief editor of the gadget blog Engadget .
GETTING PERSONAL
Jon Rettinger , president of the TechnoBuffalo blog , noted that only four to five bloggers or reporters were on Verizon 's conference call to introduce the Droid .
Previous calls packed in upwards of 20 to 30 people , he said .
The unusually intimate venue allowed participants to ask in - depth questions of the engineers from Google and Motorola , which both had a hand in developing and making the device .
The company likely wanted to make sure reviewers get everything right as the phone offered innovative functions such as voice - recognition search .
Steve Bray , a tech editor at a local TV station in Indiana , said for the first time , Verizon 's PR rep went out of her way to point out that he was getting an exclusive as the only broadcaster in the state who would get the phone .
Mr. Bray ended up doing an iPhone - Droid comparison .
ENGINEERS FIRMLY IN THE MIX
In many cases , carriers do n't host demo events for a new handset -- a PR exec whose client is a handset maker said , generally , only one in four handsets is event - worthy .
But not only did Verizon stage Droid demo events , it made sure hard - core engineers were around to field the tough questions .
Whereas these demo events are staffed primarily by PR people , Mr. Oryl noted that there were " actual engineers who know the guts of the product . "
Google folks were also on hand , which is a rarity , as " you do n't see Google people too often . "
For the Blackberry Storm2 , which went on sale exclusively at Verizon just days before the Droid , the carrier simply shipped the demo units , with no event to back the launch .
BULKIER PRESS KIT
For the Droid , Verizon went to town and beefed up its press kit .
Compared to other Verizon handsets , " the push with the Droid was far more active ... the press kit was more elaborate and in - depth , " Mr. Rettinger said .
Whereas other handsets came with photocopied sheets highlighting the phone 's features , Droid 's kit arrived with more polish , with slick glossies and packed in a lot more color , according to Mr. Rettinger .
There was inevitably more explaining to do , since the Droid runs on Android 2.0 , an operating system the world has never used .
A NEW ATTITUDE
By all accounts , with the Droid Verizon was courting coverage .
Generally , handset makers and carriers are wary of leaks , concerned of bloggers taking control of the press coverage as they get wind of the phone , or worse , bloggers actually getting their hands on a prototype before the phone has been bullet - proofed and cleared of any bugs .
But reviewers noted that the carrier was markedly proud , excited and freewheeling with Droid .
" You could sense their excitement -- even when we leaked the pictures of the phone , you could tell they were enjoying the coverage , " said Boy Genius , who runs the eponymous Boy Genius Report blog and declined to disclose his name .
From the food on our tables to the fuel in our cars , crude oil seeps invisibly into almost every part of our modern lives .
Yet many of us have little idea of the incredible journey it has made to reach our petrol tanks and plastic bags .
This is a special broadband companion website to this landmark documentary .
You can view the entire documentary , watch extended interviews which were not included in the program , and discuss how the world will cope as we approach the end of the Age of Oil .
You will need :
a broadband connection
Adobe Flash 9
javascript enabled in your web browser
( Your web browser doesn′t seem to have javascript enabled )
Or view other Crude web resources
( fixes typo in 10th paragraph )
* California airport shut down for hours in false alarm
* Bottles in man ’s luggage found to contain honey
* Unclear why bottles tested positive for explosives ( Updates with ‘ explosive ’ substance found to be honey )
By Dan Whitcomb and Steve Gorman
LOS ANGELES , Jan 5 ( Reuters ) - Authorities shut down a California airport on Tuesday after a suspicious amber liquid in a passenger ’s bag tested positive for explosives -- only to ultimately determine that the substance was honey .
Francisco Ramirez , a 31 - year - old gardener who had been visiting family in the central California city of Bakersfield , was allowed to return home to Milwaukee .
“ The substances in the bottles did turn out to be honey .
They tested negative for all explosives and narcotics .
It is nothing but honey , ” FBI spokesman Steve Dupre told Reuters .
The security scare came as jitters gripped the U.S. travel industry in the aftermath of an unsuccessful Christmas Day attempt to blow up a Detroit - bound commercial flight from Amsterdam using explosives smuggled on board .
Meadows Field Airport in Bakersfield , about 100 miles ( 160 km ) north of Los Angeles , was shut down and evacuated for hours and flights diverted after the incident , which began when Ramirez ’ bag set of an alarm in a luggage - screening machine .
U.S. Transportation and Security administration screeners turned up five Gatorade bottles full of what they called a “ suspicious - looking liquid . ”
Swabs of the bag and bottles tested positive for the explosives TNT and TATP .
When the bottles were opened , two of the screeners smelled a strong chemical odor , complained of nausea and were rushed to a local hospital , where they treated and released , Kern County Sheriff ’s spokesman Michael Whorf said .
Kern County Sheriffs deputies , fire crews , FBI agents and members of a “ joint terrorism task force ” responded to the scene and spent the day questioning Ramirez before further tests showed that the liquid was honey .
After the all clear was given , officials said they were trying to determine why the honey tested positive for explosives and made the screeners so ill that they would need medical attention .
“ There are some questions I think are going to have to be followed up on , ” Dupre said .
He said that Ramirez was “ free to go ” and would likely be home in Milwaukee by Wednesday .
Ramirez , who Whorf described as “ very cooperative , ” had originally been booked on a flight from Bakersfield to Milwaukee with a connection through San Francisco .
In an unrelated incident halfway across the country on Tuesday , a bomb - sniffing dog detected what was thought to be explosives in a piece of luggage at the Minneapolis - St. Paul International Airport , prompting an evacuation of a terminal and delayed flights there .
No explosives were found in the bag .
( Editing by Alan Elsner )
A SINGLE - sex travel company for women who want to avoid boozy , bed - hopping mixed tour groups has been grounded .
A judge ruled that former tour guide Erin Maitland cannot advertise women - only holidays because it could breach the human rights of men .
Judge Marilyn Harbison refused to grant Ms Maitland an exemption to the Equal Opportunity Act , ruling that she had not proved it was reasonable or necessary .
" The exemption may well be convenient and practical in the establishment of her business , but it cannot be justified on human rights principles , " said the vice - president of the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal .
In her evidence to VCAT Ms Maitland said she wanted to set up Travel Sisters after hearing stories from her friends who would not travel in mixed tour groups because of " drinking and bed - hopping " .
The judge said Ms Maitland believed Travel Sisters would provide security for women , re-assure male partners who could not travel and be used by women who did not want to mix with men for cultural or religious reasons or because they were victims of domestic violence or sexual assault .
Her application was opposed by the Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission , which said it would conflict with Victoria 's Charter of Human Rights .
Judge Harbison said the commission argued that her application stereotyped men's behaviour .
and she had not proved that a female - only travel service was needed to ensure a safe and secure environment for its clients .
Ms Maitland had pointed out that several travel companies offered single - sex tours without ever trying to obtain and exemption from the Act .
" I share her dismay that other travel operators only advertise single sex services without appearing to recognise that such advertising is in breach of the law , " the judge said .
Originally published as Women - only trips breach rights
Too Much Reality Big Brother Is Watching You Watching Big Brother
The 10th season of the German version of " Big Brother " starts on Jan. 11 .
Although the original format is being followed less and less , the show has done more than just revolutionize television .
Nowadays , everything and everyone is under constant observation .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The new year is not very old , but several recent revelations cast the the US fight against al - Qaeda ( a tiny if deadly fraternity of a couple thousand fanatics spread in dozens of countries ) in a bad light , if not to say a scandalous one .
The entire premise of combating al - Qaeda as though it were an enemy army , using the Pentagon as the lead agency , while simultaneously militarizing the CIA , needs to be questioned .
But so too do a lot of other premises about a so - called American ‘ Long War ’ with parts of the Muslim world , including drone strikes , secret bases , and torture .
Worst of all , embarrassing revelations are coming out about damaging or even criminal actions and policies that can only harm any genuine counter - terrorism program .
1. Evidence is surfacing , according to Scott Horton writing in Harper ’s , that the supposed group suicide of three prisoners at Guantanamo in summer of 2006 may have in fact been murder –that is , they may have died of asphyxiation during aggressive interrogation that involved stuffing rags in their throats to cut off air .
The explosive allegations may put further pressure on President Obama to fulfill his pledge to close the prison .
2 . The FBI falsely invoked terrorism emergencies 2000 times between 2002 and 2006 to engage in illegal phone wiretapping of Americans without obtaining a warrant .
The agency was using a provision of the PATRIOT act , which Bush administration officials had assured Congress would never be used for ordinary domestic cases .
3 . The FBI photoshopped the face of leftist Spanish parliamentarian Gaspar Llamazares , combining it with the features of Usama Bin Laden , to produce a supposed portrait of what the aging terrorist now looks like .
Spain was furious and the whole incident spoke of amateurism and stupidity in an area , counter - terrorism , where neither is desirable .
Hint to the FBI : Usama Bin Laden has not produced a video message since October 2004 .
We may conclude that he is either badly disfigured by a strike on his position that almost succeeded , or that he is dead .
You ca n’t project his appearance forward with photoshop usefully either way .
4. George W. Bush claimed that he had misspoken when he called his ‘ war on terror ’ a ‘ crusade . ’
But it turns out that the Michigan company that makes rifle sights for the US military inscribes them with Bible verses .
The capture of the US Air Force Academy by Christian fundamentalists is worrisome enough , but a Military - Evangelical Complex is truly frightening .
5 . The Iraqi government that came to power under the auspices of George W. Bush is spearheading a class action suit against the Xe ( then known as Blackwater ) mercenary corporation for injuries its security men inflicted on Iraqis .
Xe , headed by militant fundamentalist Christian , is a prime Pentagon contractor , which replicates the work of GIs but charges 12 times as much for it .
The Iraqis were furious when a government case against Blackwater mercenaries for shooting up Nisour Square in Baghdad and killing over a dozen civilians collapsed because of prosecutorial misbehavior .
Based on this good recommendation , the US military has brought Xe mercenaries to Pakistan where they are allegedly involved in US drone attacks on that country , further winnning hearts and minds .
6. Worse , the Pentagon is considering bringing thousands more Blackwater security men to Afghanistan .
The great Rep. Jan Schakowski ( D - Ill. ) is introducing a bill banning the use of such mercernary firms .
7. Der Spiegel has revealed yet another CIA plot to kidnap a citizen of an allied country on suspicion of involvement in terrorism ( a suspicion years of investigation by German authorities was unable later to support ) .
Allies do n’t take kindly to this sort of thing .
An Italian judge recently convicted 23 CIA operatives in absentia for carrying out a kidnapping in Italy .
8 . It has been revealed that then British foreign minister Jack Straw wrote a letter to PM Tony Blair in 2002 warning him that a war on Iraq would be illegal , that many Labor MPs would oppose it , that Saddam was not connected to 9/11 or al - Qaeda , that Iraq likely had no weapons of mass destruction of any importance , and that there was no guarantee that the condition of Iraqis in the wake of such a war would be an improvement on their situation in 2002 .
The letter shows that Blair committed to the war at Crawford , TX in April 2002 , even though he later repeatedly told his own MPs that no decision had been made .
The letter vindicates the ‘ Downing Street memo ’ from a few months later in which the head of British intelligence complained that the decision to go to war had been made and that the intelligence was being fixed around the policy .
It also shows that the mantra of the Bush administration , that all US allies had made the same errors of judgment about Iraq as had Bush - Cheney , is simply incorrect .
The British foreign ministry knew better .
9 . The Obama administration has been forced by an ACLU suit to release the names of the prisoners it holds at Bagram base in Afghanistan .
The Obama administration maintains that these individual have no human rights at all , though some are scheduled to be tried in military tribunals .
It is hard to see why Guantanamo is bad but Bagram is good .
There have been allegations of torture of inmates , including of teenagers .
The whole facility and its prisoners are to be turned by the US over to the Afghan government later this year .
10 .
The Obama administration ’s initial reaction to the underpants bomber was flatfooted and included forbidding children to hold teddy bears on their laps during the last hour of a flight , as well as renewed drone strikes and deeper involvement in Yemen , on the grounds that there are 300 al - Qaeda members in that craggy , inaccessible and tribally - organized country .
Al - Qaeda has dug trapping pits for the US to fall into as it pursues its small , nimble foe , and the US keeps lumbering into them .
The prospect of a US troop presence in Yemen provoked its council of clerics to threaten to call a jihad or holy war on the US if any attempt were made to occupy the country .
The US attempted to allay such concerns with a firm statement it would not send troops , but not before the Yemenis had already gotten their backs up and anti-Americanism increased .
End / ( Not Continued )
History is often presented as taking on a life of its own .
The winds of history blow and forces beyond the control of man drive events towards their inevitable conclusion .
This view is , of course , complete nonsense .
History , at least as far as it concerns mankind , is the study of decisions made by individuals and actions taken by individuals .
I say " individuals " because even the most impactful , powerful idea found its genesis in the mind of a single individual .
While it is true that groups of individuals often develop , refine , and implement ideas , it is the individuals within the group , and not the collective itself , who do the thinking and acting .
Thus , the decision of a single individual can shape history .
Conventional history teaches that the United States was destined to be a republic , a nation ruled by law and not the whims of men .
A group of wise men driven together by the tyranny of a distant government gathered to form a confederation , throw off the shackles of oppression , and implement a new and revolutionary system of government .
All of this was preordained .
The truth is that none of this was destined to happen and was the result of a series of decisions and actions taken by a ( very large ) number of individuals .
Let us concentrate on one of those decisions and its enormous implications ; consequences that we see to this day .
Throughout history , military conquest generally resulted in the victors imposing their will on the population .
Even in cases like the American Revolution in which locals revolted against an oppressive central government , the result was usually that the victorious insurgents would form their own government and themselves become the tyrants .
So why was America different ?
After all , despite the sublime rhetoric of the Founders odds were still good that America would become a kingdom once the British were vanquished .
The reason that history followed the course that it did , that America became a beacon of freedom and liberty for the rest of the world , is that a great man , though flawed in many ways , made the right decision .
Although most history books devote little ink to the Newburgh Crisis , it was George Washington 's finest moment .
Towards the end of the Revolutionary War , in 1783 , many of the officers and men of the Continental Army had not been paid for months .
Some were even supplying their own equipment to help fight the war .
As a result , many officers talked of staging a military coup d'etat to establish martial law and secure the funds owed them and the pensions promised to them .
A delegation of congressmen , among them Alexander Hamilton ( ever the opportunist ) , who wanted a stronger central government supported the plan in hopes that it would push the states into authorizing Congress to tax imports .
Although he was sympathetic to the plight of his men , Washington would not condone the army threatening the civil authorities .
Things had reached a point at which some of the officers were threatening mutiny and forcibly replacing Washington as commander - in - chief .
Washington called a meeting of his officers , and , after a surprise entrance , made an impassioned plea against the conspiracy .
Seeing that his officers were unmoved , Washington reached into his pocket to read a letter from a member of Congress .
However , Washington fumbled with the letter and did not speak .
Instead , he reached into another pocket and pulled out his eyeglasses , which few of his officers were aware that he wore , and murmured , " gentlemen , you will permit me to put on my spectacles , for I have not only grown gray but almost blind in the service of my country . "
With these words , the conspiracy collapsed as his officers realized that Washington himself had made great personal sacrifices for the revolutionary effort .
By diffusing the Newburgh Crisis , Washington established the precedent that the military was subordinate to the civilian government , that the army would never be used to threaten Congress .
Later , despite his amazing popularity and near universal respect , Washington chose not to be president for life , and stepped down after two terms , setting another important precedent .
Because of Washington , America is not a kingdom , but a republic .
Throughout human history , freedom has been the exception , tyranny the rule .
The notion that individuals could be self - governing and that sovereignty rested in the people were unprecedented in the 18th century .
If Washington had not opposed the Newburgh Conspiracy , these ideas would never have come to fruition .
Libertarian ideas are often dismissed as " utopian " because they are not currently the state of things .
Just because things are not the way we would want them to be or , indeed , not the way that they were meant to be does not mean that they can not be that way .
Washington 's decision during the Newburgh Crisis could be considered utopian .
Washington could have easily seized power like so many before him had and declared himself " King " ; but Washington believed in a different ideal , and with conviction and courage changed the course of history .
And we are all better off because he did .
None of us will probably have the opportunity to change history as Washington did , but that does not mean that we should sit back and believe ourselves powerless .
The course of history is not predetermined ; it is set by individuals , and you never know what you as an individual are capable of doing .
What a year it ’s been for medical weed .
No other substance has enjoyed such a huge amount of favorable press across a wide spectrum of media outlets , even managing to look good on traditionally slanted networks like Fox , repeatedly .
Equally impressive , are the string of political victories on the local , state , and federal level .
There ’s been so many positive mentions that Americans may even finally be warming up to the idea of regulating the good herb like alcohol and booze , which is good for patients and partygoers alike , as well as the economy , as it can generate lots of much needed revenue .
Let ’s take a quick look back at the public relations coup that the ganja pulled off in 2009 .
Can you imagine how good things will get once hemp makes its way into the discussion ?
That ASUS EeePad we first heard about in December will be unveiled this June at Computex , if rumors reported by Digitimes are correct .
In keeping with ASUS '
Eee name , the tablet will be under $ 500 in price .
Another tablet ?
Advertisement
Hey , if every man and his dog is working on a tablet now , then it figures ASUS wants in on the action , considering they redefined portable computing just a few years ago with the Eee PC .
The tablet will run on Nvidia 's Tegra chip , and will be made by Pegatron Technology , an offshoot of ASUS .
[ Digitimes ]
Theses two lovely kittens come from Japan .
Their owner has been taking pictures of them since they arrived in their new home .
Japanese people have a penchant for cats especially the Scottish fold besides the Japanese Bobtail .
[ See Tama , the first feline corporate executive in the world ]
This brother and sister pair were born on March 1 , 2008 , Scottish fold , but their ears are not folded .
You can visit the owner 's website here ( not translated Japanese version here ) .
Photos courtesy of guremike .
Check out the Real Puss in Boots .
Other Posts You May Like :
Abyssinian Cats Full of Spunk
Beautiful Feral Cats
Ragdoll Kittens ' Favorite Pastime : Sleep
Odd but Lovely Friendship between a Cat and a Deer
Cat Tries to Avoid Jury Duty but Denied by the Commission
Cute Cats and Kittens Tongue Sticking Out Pictures
It ’s that time again !
The time of year when all us game sites talk endlessly about what games were the best games of 2009 , and Gaming Dead is no exception .
Mostly because we can’t come up with our own ideas !
But we do like to do things a little differently here in the wastelands of gaming , so here ’s our own special and slightly offbeat “ Best games of 2009 ″ !
BEST 5th game of 2009 !
This was a really hard choice .
First , I had to sift through all those asshole great games that all the other sites are jumping all over as if they were the last clean beds at the orphanage .
Secondly , I had to remember the games that were good but fell through the cracks just enough to be almost forgotten .
I started late last night at 6 pm and by the time I was done with my grueling work 6:15 had rolled around and I had found The 5th Best Game of 2009 !
Street Fighter IV :
Yeah , this was n’t the best game of the year .
It had some problems with difficulty , the unlock system was a bit annoying , the later release of Super Street Fighter IV almost negated the existence of ST4 , and Sagat was cheap .
( I mean really cheap !
Why is he so O.P. ?
Why ?!
In a fair and just world , why does a character so cheap exist !?
He ’s cheaper than a Costco hotdog .
Gah ! )
Accepting all of this , the game was still pretty fucking good .
The controls were decent and responsive , and the online play is pretty streamlined .
I know it ’s not everyone ’s favorite , but that ’s why it ’s The 5th Best Game of 2009 !
( Runner Up : LocoRoco 2 .
I think we all know why …. )
BEST Game to Get Drunk and Play with Your Drunk Loser Friends !
What ’s better than getting blitzed out of your mind with your buddies and then trying to solve complex puzzles based on mental acuity ?
That ’s right , nothing .
Braid brought everything a drunken gaming party would ever need .
Confusing story bits , mind bending paradoxical puzzles , and the ability to let every inebriated jackass in the room back seat drive you into oblivion .
If you ’ve never had two half - conscious people pointing at two different places for you to go on the screen , while another dick - hat is telling you to “ throw the key ” followed by your friend demanding that you give him the controller so he can “ do it the right way ” then you have never truly played Braid .
( Runner Up : Beer - pong .
Good game , but the graphics really start to suck after level 5 … )
Best Game to finally Accept its own timely death !
It only took a good 10 + years , but the best game to ever not come into being finally died and went away for the good of all mankind .
Duke Nukem : Forever will live on in our hearts and minds , but now the Great Anticipation is over and we can all move on with our lives .
Yes , we here at GD do enjoy our fair share of things that rise again and will not / shall not die , but this only applies to things that at some point in time actually lived .
Duke Nukem : Forever never saw the light of day and yet was not dead .
It was like some cruel reverse - zombie that became undead before its life began .
I would n’t want to live in a world like that .
Thank goodness that the universe saw fit to end it before it began .
( Runner Up : Sex Kitten Slave 6 : House Warming Party of Doom .
My own game which I had to finally let die from my dreams and imagination for reasons .
Legally binding reasons . )
Best Over -Hyped Game That Fell Flat on Its Face Upon Release Because No One Cared Anymore !
Remember in 2008 when people talked about Resident Evil 5 like it was the second coming of Christ ?
People were praying to the Capcom gods to send down its holy child to smite the unbelievers .
Well as an unbeliever in the Book of RE , here I stand un -smitten .
This game was getting more press and attention than a $ 1 hooker having a 75 % off sale .
I think the problem was that it was so over - hyped , so over - analyzed , that by the time it came out it had no mystery or allure to it .
After seeing all the videos and pictures , it felt as though we had already played it .
When release day arrived I do n’t know of one person who said that they had even bought it .
Sad , really .
I think for the next RE game , the only press released should be a a picture of a zombie looking back at the camera and its holding Redfield ’s body .
I would buy that game !
( Runner Up : Ghostbusters .
I , a huge Ghostbusters fan , did not even rent this game . )
And so concludes the GAMING DEAD 2009 AWARDS WRAP UP !
SEE YOU IN 2011 !
If by some chance you do not agree with my statements or have a diverging opinion email me at ken@gamingdead.com , so I can reply with curse words !
NASA image of ghostly blue cloud Resembles giant hand stretching Recalls picture of " eye of God "
WE'VE already seen pictures of his eye ... now we have the first image of the hand of God .
A ghostly blue cloud seems to form an outstretched thumb and fingers grasping a ball of fire .
The amazing image was taken by NASA 's Chandra X - ray observatory , which is orbiting 580 km above the Earth .
It recalls pictures of the Helix planetary nebula , with its blue centre surrounded by white clouds which earned it the nickname " the eye of God " .
The hand was created when a star exploded in a supernova , creating a rapidly spinning 20 km - wide star called a pulsar , which is deep inside the white blob at the hand 's wrist .
The pulsar is spewing out enormous amounts of electromagnetic energy , creating a dust and gas cloud so wide it would take 150 years to cross at the speed of light .
The red disc is a separate gas cloud .
The fingers are thought to have been created as energy passed from the pulsar to the gas cloud .
NASA scientists estimated the moment depicted here actually happened 17,000 years ago .
It has taken since then for the X - rays to reach Earth .
1 2 next »
When is it worth saying it 's Linux ?
by Dj Walker - Morgan
Recently , I was showing a Motorola Milestone phone to a non-technical friend .
When I mentioned that the phone was running Android , he said to me " Oh , thats the Google Linux for phones is n't it ... does it run OpenOffice ? " .
I had to disappoint him at that point , but it lead to a question I had to ask :
When the user interface is different and the API for developers is different , is an operating system still Linux , or is it something else ?
At the recent Consumer Electronics
Show there was a flood of netbooks and Android based devices about to be launched into the market .
The folks at the Linux Foundation could n't be more pleased about the incursion of Linux into this new generation of portable connected devices , but the software that appears on these devices often does n't look or feel like " Linux " .
The one word brand is a useful tool for consumers ; when an average consumer sees the word " Windows " , they know that the operating system will run programs written for Windows .
When they see " MacOS " they similarly know it will run programs for Mac .
When it comes to " Linux " , things are different .
Most of you reading this will , of course , know that what the general public have running on their desktop systems is , in fact , a combination of a windows manager and various applications , such as OpenOffice , GIMP , Firefox or Thunderbird , with a system kernel and that Linux refers to the kernel of the operating system , a distinction that is lost on consumers .
But the new generation of devices lauded as " being Linux " are n't like that .
Take Google 's Android ; at its core , yes , there is a Linux kernel and a whole host of other familiar bits of software .
But if you are a developer , you do n't get to see any of that because on top of the Linux kernel is the Dalvik virtual machine and Android 's own set of APIs for accessing the underlying device .
Even if the developer makes use of the Android native development kit ( NDK ) , they are still relatively boxed in and the NDK only works in conjunction with a Dalvik based application .
So is Android a Linux device or is it different operating system with a Linux kernel ?
The Lenovo Skylight
Or take Lenovo 's Skylight ; the Linux powered ARM based smartbook presents a user interface composed of " web gadgets " .
At launch , Lenovo 's consumer marketing director , Ninis Samuel said " There is no exposure of Linux to the customers .
What we wanted to make is an interface that 's completely custom and easy to use " .
It 's not readily apparent if there 's even a developer API on Skylight for third party applications either .
So is the Skylight a Linux device , or a custom user interface layer which happens to use the Linux kernel ?
How about Palm's WebOS as found on Palm 's Pre and Pixi smartphones ?
Another mobile operating system which has Linux at its core , but , again the prescribed development route for it is to develop web - like applications using JavaScript , HTML and CSS .
It most definitely is n't what has become generically known as Linux or GNU / Linux , for consumers or developers ; the combination of Linux kernel , POSIX like APIs with GNU and other command line utilities , X11 based GUI and GNOME or KDE desktop .
The classic Linux is , as is now more readily apparent , just one way of packaging the Linux kernel for useful work which builds on the legacy of Unix and its standards .
Some have taken the way Linux , the kernel , disappears inside this new generation of devices as a mark of the ubiquity of Linux , becoming the Invisible Linux that powers devices , but that does n't distinguish the use of the Linux kernel from the traditional Linux distribution .
Next : The Linux Foundation 's response
1 2 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-917518
#synctime - synchronize your chronos watch to your computer
#
#
# Copyright ( c ) 2010 Sean Brewer
#
# Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person
# obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
# files ( the " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without
# restriction , including without limitation the rights to use ,
#
# copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom the
# Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following
# conditions :
#
# The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
# included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software .
#
# THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND ,
# EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
# OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
# NONINFRINGEMENT . IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
# HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY ,
# WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING
# FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
# OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
#
# You can contact me at seabre986@gmail.com or on reddit ( seabre ) if you want .
import serial
import datetime
import array
def splitIntoNPieces ( s , n ) :
return [ s [ i:i+n ] for i in range ( 0 , len ( s ) , n ) ]
def startAccessPoint ( ) :
return array .
array ( ' B ' , [ 0xFF , 0x07 , 0x03 ] ) . tostring ( )
def stopAccessPoint ( ) :
return array .
array ( ' B ' , [ 0xFF , 0x09 , 0x03 ] ) . tostring ( )
" " "
kinda messy
Here 's how this works .
A packet for the watch sync looks like this :
FF 31 16 03 94 34 01 07 DA
01 17 06 1E 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
You have the first four bytes which we 're just going to ignore .
The 5th byte represents the hour you want to sync to .
The 6th byte represents the minute you want to sync to .
The 7th byte represents the second you want to sync to .
The 9th byte represents the year you want to sync to .
The 10th byte represents the month you want to sync to .
The 11th byte represents the day you want to sync to .
THe 14th and 15th bytes represent the temperature in celcius .
The 16th and 17th bytes represent the altitude in meters .
It also stores some of these values in some unusual ( to me ) ways .
For hour , the value 0x80 needs to be added to the 24hr representation of the desired
hour to sync to .
For year the value 0x700 needs to be subtracted from the desired year to sync to .
For temperature , the temperature ( in celcius ) needs to be multiplied by 0x0A .
" " "
def syncTimeDateTempAlt ( hour , minute , second , month , day , year , tempCelcius , altMeters ) :
adjHour = hour + 0x80 #assumes 24h based time entry
adjYear = year - 0x700
adjTempCelcius = tempCelcius * 0x0A
cmd = [ 0xFF , 0x31 , 0x16 , 0x03 , adjHour , minute , second , 0x07 , adjYear , month , day , 0x06 , 0x1E ]
hexCelcius = hex ( adjTempCelcius ) [ 2 : ]
hexMeters = hex ( altMeters ) [ 2 : ]
if len ( hexCelcius ) % 2 == 0 :
for i in splitIntoNPieces ( hexCelcius , 2 ) :
cmd .
append ( int ( i , 16 ) )
else :
for i in splitIntoNPieces ( hexCelcius .
zfill ( len ( hexCelcius ) + 1 ) , 2 ) :
cmd .
append ( int ( i , 16 ) )
if len ( hexMeters ) % 2 == 0 :
for i in splitIntoNPieces ( altMeters , 2 ) :
cmd .
append ( int ( i , 16 ) )
else :
for i in splitIntoNPieces ( hexMeters . zfill ( len ( hexMeters ) + 1 ) , 2 ) :
cmd .
append ( int ( i , 16 ) )
for i in xrange ( 0 , 5 ) :
cmd .
append ( 0 )
return array .
array ( ' B ' , cmd ) . tostring ( )
# Open COM port 6 ( check your system info to see which port
#yours is actually on . )
#argments are 5 ( COM6 ) , 115200 ( bit rate ) , and timeout is set so
# the serial read function wo n't loop forever .
ser = serial .
Serial ( 5 , 115200 , timeout = 1 )
# Start access point
ser . write ( startAccessPoint ( ) )
raw_input ( " Please turn your watch to sync mode and turn on the transceiver ( though if the transciever is already on you may have to turn it off then on again ) , then press enter ... " )
time = datetime .
datetime .
now ( )
ser. write ( syncTimeDateTempAlt ( time .
hour , time .
minute , time .
second , time .
month , time .
day , time .
year , 0 , 0 ) )
# The start access point command needs to come before the stop access point command
# in order for the access point to turn off .
ser . write ( startAccessPoint ( ) )
ser . write ( stopAccessPoint ( ) )
So apparently the cats over at Gizmodo have gotten their hands on leaked pics of the Nexus One 's landing and purchase page .
First , the meat .
According to the pages , the phone will be available in two ways : as a $ 529.99 unsubsidized and unlocked device , and as a $ 179.99 T - Mobile device locked to a two year contract .
Sound familiar ?
It should , because it 's exactly the same story as every other phone available on the market right now .
Additionally , the pics seem to suggest that there will only be one plan available should you get the device on contract -- 500 minutes of talk time , unlimited text , data , and mobile to mobile for $ 79.99 -- which happens to exactly equal what you 'd pay for a T - Mobile Even More 500 plan with unlimited smartphone data and unlimited messaging , so that means there 's no bogus premium here .
Furthermore , Giz claims that if you cancel your contract within 120 days you have to pay a $ 350 fee ( a la Verizon ) or return the phone to Google , and any existing customer that wishes to buy the phone has to switch to the Nexus One plan .
One thing that caught our eye is a mention of personalization -- you 'll be able to get the phone engraved , something that we 've been able to independently confirm through another tipster of ours .
It looks like you can do two lines of text on a metallic bar on the back of the device ... just do n't expect to return it if you do ( seriously , it says right in the terms of service that you 're married to that thing if you get it etched ) .
To be perfectly honest , it 's hard to say if this is the real deal or not .
We do n't get why Google would want to lock you into a single plan , nor do we fully understand why you would need to activate your phone via the website ( as shown in the grab ) .
Of course , the big G sometimes works in mysterious ways -- perhaps they 're going for a little Apple magic here with restrictive plans and draconian ideas about how you can use the phone .
It would n't be surprising given the timing of the company 's little event next week .
Do n't worry , all will be revealed soon enough .
Well what do you know .
We 've just been hit with a few photos of our own , apparently straight from HTC training materials , according to a tipster .
And what else ?
Oh yes -- a PDF of the terms of sale , which you can download and view right here
( CNN ) --
A trial for seven Iranian Baha 'is that has come to symbolize the persecution of followers of the faith is set to unfold next week with added controversy and global attention .
Recent turmoil and governmental crackdowns on protesters in Iran have raised concern about the fate of the seven Baha 'i community leaders who have been held at Tehran 's Evin prison since their arrests in March and May 2008 .
And now other Baha'is , arrested during demonstrations last month on the Shiite holy day of Ashura , will also face trial in the coming days , the semi-official Fars News Agency reported Saturday .
" These people were not arrested because they were Baha'is , " said Abbas Jafari - Dolatabadi , prosecutor for Iran 's Public and Revolution Courts .
" In searching their homes , a number of weapons and ammunition were discovered . "
He said the Baha 'is had " played a role in organizing the riots and sending pictures of the riots abroad .
That is why they were arrested . "
But a spokeswoman for the Baha 'is said the government 's latest allegations were designed to sow prejudice and hatred against the minority faith in Iran .
" This is nothing less than a blatant lie , " said Diane Ala'i , the Baha'i International Community 's representative to the United Nations in Geneva , Switzerland .
" Baha 'is are by the most basic principles of their faith committed to absolute nonviolence , and any charge that there might have been weapons or ' live rounds ' in their homes is simply and completely unbelievable . "
The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom has also criticized Iranian officials for blaming the Baha 'is for anti-government demonstrations .
" These allegations are not only without merit , but downright fabricated , " said Leonard Leo , chairman of the commission , which acts as an independent advisory board to the U.S. government .
" If the Iranian government moves forward next week with the trial of the seven Baha 'i leaders , the U.S. government and international community must demand fair and transparent proceedings in accordance with international human rights standards , " Leo said .
After two delays , that trial is scheduled to open Tuesday .
On Thursday , prominent Indians of the Baha'i faith held a news conference in New Delhi , urging their government to intervene .
" This trial is designed to harass and intimidate , and is one more in a long line of persecution of this community , " said Maja Daruwala , director of the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative .
" Our country has a long record of pluralism and tolerance and must speak out . "
The Baha'i World Centre estimates there are more than 5 million Baha 'is spread around the globe ; India has the largest community , with about 2 million .
The seven Iranian Baha 'i leaders -- two women and five men -- are accused of spying for Israel , spreading propaganda against the Islamic republic and committing religious offenses , charges that can carry the death penalty .
Ala 'i said the trial has been delayed twice because the Iranian regime has no basis for a case .
" These people are innocent , and that 's a problem , " she said .
She said the Islamic regime is trying to rouse public sentiment ahead of that trial by accusing Baha 'is in Iran of instigating the protests that were held on December 27 , the day Iranians marked Ashura .
" In general , they are blaming everybody -- the foreign media , human rights activists and now the Baha'i , " Ala 'i said .
" It 's scapegoating . "
Ala 'i said concerns deepened Sunday , when her organization received word from families in Iran that 13 Baha 'is had been rounded up from their homes , taken to Evin prison and asked to sign documents that they would not engage in future demonstrations .
" Putting two and two together , the situation facing these Baha 'i leaders is extremely ominous , " Ala 'i said .
" We are deeply concerned for their safety . "
The Baha'i faith originated in 19th century Persia , but the the constitution of today 's Islamic republic does not recognize it as a religion and considers followers as apostates .
The Iranian government denies mistreating Baha'is , who number about 300,000 in Iran and are the nation 's largest non-Muslim religious minority , according to Baha'i International .
But the Baha 'is say believers in Iran are victims of systematic discrimination and targets of violence .
Ala 'i said the trial of the community leaders in Tehran has mobilized Baha 'is around the world and has taken on symbolic significance -- one that could very well transcend the fate of seven men and women .
CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh in New Delhi contributed to this report .
Lou Engle , founder of The Call and other charismatic intercessory prayer organizations , has a new target on the weekend of Martin Luther King , Jr. ’s birthday : a forthcoming Planned Parenthood facility in Houston that he claims will practice eugenics because of its location in a predominantly black and Latino neighborhood .
“ Houston , we have a problem , ” Engle intones in a new “ crisis ” video on his web site .
In the video , which is filled with his characteristic predictions of the earth - shattering impact of his prayer movement , he claims that an unspecified “ they ” are calling the clinic “ an abortion super center . ”
But who is the they ?
Engle himself .
In unveiling its planned move to the new facility , Planned Parenthood of Houston and Southeast Texas announced , “ we look forward to serving the thousands of women and men in our area who are without health insurance and need affordable health care . ”
Never mind all that , though , and never mind all the unintended pregnancies the facility might prevent .
For Engle , the facility will “ target minorities for abortion . ”
Capitalizing on the symbolism of his planned protest for Martin Luther King , Jr. ’s birthday , Engle insists his goal is empowerment of people downtrodden by the evil giant Planned Parenthood , and prophesying that “ the minorities will actually have the voice to overturn this thing . ”
The marquee names scheduled to participate in the protest include many of the same people who participated in the prayercast last month , co-sponsored by The Call and the Family Research Council , against health care reform : the Rev. Sam Rodriguez , Bishop Harry Jackson , and FRC ’s Tony Perkins .
( There , supporters of health care reform were compared to King Herod , who conspired to murder the baby Jesus ; here , Planned Parenthood is accused of genocide . )
Other scheduled partipants include the Southern Baptist Convention ’s Richard Land and Liberty Counsel ’s Mat Staver , in yet another sign of how the broader religious right cravenly seeks an alliance with blacks and Latinos , even as no one says peep about the John Birch Society co-sponsoring the Conservative Political Action Conference .
Wendy Wright , the president of Concerned Women for America who cut her teeth working for Operation Rescue , claimed in a statement , “ once a pregnant woman walks through those doors , no unborn child — no matter how old — is safe from Planned Parenthood ’s knives . ”
Wright also claimed that “ government officials and Planned Parenthood plotted together to make Houston an abortion capital of the nation . ”
Just a few weeks ago , health care reform apparently was the greatest moral threat to America .
Two years ago , Engle pointed to Proposition 8 and other “ Antichrist ” legislation .
The religious right claim about “ black genocide ” and abortion are nothing new .
But making it the centerpiece of a protest at Planned Parenthood on King ’s birthday shows just how intent Engle and his allies are about turning it into a “ civil rights ” issue .
Details of the lifestyle of mink , which escaped from fur farms and now live wild in the UK , have been revealed through analysis of their whiskers .
Research led by the University of Exeter reveals more about the diet of this invasive species and provides a clue to its whereabouts .
There are now plans to use the findings to eradicate it from environments where it can be devastating to native species .
Published in the Journal of Applied Ecology , the study focused on American mink living in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
The scientists used stable isotope analysis to study the whiskers and claws of mink carcasses collected on the islands .
This technique generates a kind of unique chemical fingerprint , providing a record of an animal 's diet over time .
The results showed that the mink had been increasingly reliant on seafood , proving to the scientists that mink had started to move to the coastline around the islands .
Wildlife biologists from the Food and Environment Research Agency have been working to eradicate mink , which escaped from fur farms and now live wild on the Outer Hebrides .
Having successfully eradicated mink from two islands -- Uist and Harris -- the team now plans to use the research findings to manage populations across the Outer Hebrides .
As a result of the study , the team will focus future efforts on coastal regions .
The American mink is a predator that has a devastating effect on many native UK species , including water voles and other mammals , fish and seabirds .
The first American mink were brought to British fur farms in 1929 and all wild mink in Britain today are descendants of escapees .
Dr Thomas Bodey of the University of Exeter said : " The American Mink is one of the most damaging invasive species living in the UK today and sadly it has a devastating effect on UK wildlife .
We were astonished at how much we could find out by analysing the claws and whiskers of the mink and are delighted to know that our results are helping manage this problem in the Outer Hebrides . "
1. Funhouse Mirrors
Here is a fun , unique mirror from Hemlock Design .
The Funhouse Mirrors are made of eighteen individual tiles that are placed by hand in a strategically placed design .
It ’s not just a functional mirror , but it ’s also a fun decorative art piece that adds intrigue to any room .
The Funhouse Mirrors are available in four different sizes so you can choose the size that works for you .
You can entertain yourself for hours by gazing at all the reflections in the Funhouse Mirror .
Designer : Hemlock Design
2. Windshield Wiper Mirror
Save the earth from harmful glass cleaners with this simple concept .
This Windshield Wiper Mirror from Causas Externas Studios is great for cleaning the steam off after your shower .
And it ’s eco-friendly too , since you ’re recycling your old windshield wipers !
This is a humorous , but practical rendition of a bathroom mirror .
Add a modern touch to your bathroombedroom , or living room .
with the Windshield Wiper Mirror , and a little bit of humor , too !
Designer : Causas Externas Studio
3. Carole mirror
Entertain yourself in this mirror for hours !
The Carole Mirror , designed by Robert Stadler , will offer you inspiration every time you look in the mirror .
Words are displayed on the mirror to answer all of your questions .
Just do n’t believe everything you hear !
Most of the responses are common sayings and proverbs .
The tear drop - like shape is a really cool finishing touch to this unique mirror .
The Carole mirror is a creative , modern take on your everyday mirror , and you ’ll always have someone to talk to !
Designer : Robert Stadler
4. Fukadasi Mirror
The Fukadasi Mirror designed by Studio Foundations is a hilariously unique piece .
They come in the form of quotation bubbles or think bubbles you might see in comic books and cartoons .
The really original part is that you can program the mirrors to say whatever you wish .
You can even see the words inside the mirror !
The Fukadasi Mirror comes in various shapes , and it ’s sure to be a hit with all your guests .
Designer : Studio Foundations
5. +336 + SMS Mirror
For a super high tech mirror , check out this mirror designed by Robert Stadler .
This one of a kind mirror can actually receive text messages and display them !
Bright yellow text is displayed in the mirror , so you do n’t even have to check your phone while you ’re getting all dolled up for a night out on the town !
This is definitely a mirror from the future !
Designer : Robert Stadler
6 . Diamond Mirror
The Diamond Mirror is an elegant mirror designed to bring out the purest quality of reflection .
It ’s made with the finest , high quality materials available , and the facets are hand crafted .
The quality of the glass , along with the silver lining , allows for the most vivid reflection available .
Another unique quality of the Diamond Mirror is the secure magnet mounting system .
This magnet mounting is not only sturdy , but it allows for easy adjusting and leveling .
The Diamond Mirror is truly a modern day version of the original mirrors from the 17th century .
It ’s not only a mirror to check your reflection in the purest of mirrors , but a decorative piece to add to your décor .
Manufacturer : Piet Houtenbos
7. AQHayon Mirror
The intricate laser - cut design around that is the border of the AQHayon Mirror adds elegance and intrigue to any room .
It ’s made of stainless steel so it ’s sturdy and easy to clean .
The AQHayon Mirror comes in three sizes , so you can use it to decorate any room you choose .
Two different silkscreen finishes are available ; you can choose black or white .
This beautifully crafted mirror is truly unique in its design .
It ’s a modern , classy mirror that can be used in any room of the house , whether it ’s the bathroom , bedroom , or living room .
Fixing screws are included , which allows for easy , hassle - free mounting .
Buy at : Gnr8
8. Vanity Vanities Mirror
The beautifully crafted Vanity Vanities mirrors from Dilettante are fit for a king !
These mirrors have intricate detailing , from the crowned top to the etched sayings from Marlowe or Shakespeare inscribed at the top , below the crown .
The mirrors are shaped to resemble royal symbols , and the precise , intricate design of the entire piece is remarkable .
The Vanity Vanities mirrors will add elegance to any room .
These glass mirrors come in two sizes , so they will fit in almost any size room .
Buy at : Dilettante
9 . Transglass Mirror
The Transglass Mirrors , designed by Tord Boontie and Emma Woffenden , have intricately cut details and designs that make them truly unique .
Both designs are based on Guatemalan tribal masks , the Dog and the Star .
Each oval mirror has a three dimensional star or dog design , and each one is hand cut and polished in Guatemala .
The three dimensional design is truly a work of art of its own .
Transglass mirrors are not only functional mirrors , but a piece of art to display that adds intrigue to any room .
Designed by : Tord Boontje & emma woffenden
10 . Vertana Mirror
The Vertana Mirror is a simple , modern mirror that adds functionality to any room .
It has hangers and hooks for coats or clothes .
The Vertana mirror is made of Japanese Sugi wood , and it ’s custom made and hand crafted in Japan .
The full length mirror is fantastic , and the hooks and hangers are a unique detail that makes this mirror a must have .
The shape of the mirror is long and thin , so it will fit almost anywhere .
The Vertana Mirror , designed by Enzo Mari , has also won the ICFF Award for Craftsmanship .
Designer : Enzo Mari
11 . Razorblade Mirror
The Razorblade Mirror is just that – a mirror in the shape of a razor blade .
It has intricate designs and is inscribed with “ Sweeny Todd ” and “ Ever Appealing ” .
And with all that , it ’s still a functional mirror .
The Razorblade Mirror is unique and original .
It ’s a modern design from Phil Sims that ’s become very popular .
It comes in a 680 mm by 400 mm size , and it ’s a great decoration to add to any room , not just the bathroom !
Designer : Phil Sims
12 . Belvedere Italy Mirror
Here is a beautifully carved mirror designed by James Irvine .
It ’s in the shape of the beautiful country of Italy , and it ’s crafted from methacrylate .
This Belvedere Italy Mirror is an exquisite decorative piece that just happens to double as a mirror .
The intricate detail around the border makes an exact replica of Italy , complete with the Island of Sicily .
This mirror is sure to be the center of attention no matter where you decide to display it .
Designer : James Irvine
13 . Snowhite Mirror
See yourself from every angle with the full length Snowhite Mirror .
It comes with three different panels for viewing your outfit from all angles , and it comes with wheels attached , so it ’s super easy to move around wherever you want .
It can also be used as a screen or divider to add privacy to any room .
The back is covered in a really cool super shiny sanitized aluminum , too .
The Snowhite Mirror is perfect to satisfy the princess in all of us .
Karim Rashid designed a beautiful , functional mirror that is diverse in its uses , and the wheels make it easy to take advantage of all of them .
Designer : Karim Rashid
14 . Mingle Mirror
The Mingle Mirror , manufactured by Umbra , is a creative multi-mirror design that combines art and function .
There are eight ten inch square mirrors that overlap , and it makes a great addition to any living room or bathroom , or even a den or bedroom .
The overlapping mirrors are creatively arranged with spaces in between that add depth to the entire piece .
Mounting is secure and easy , as the mirror comes with a support frame that is simple to install .
Add a modern touch to any room with the Mingle Mirror .
Manufacturer : Umbra
15 . Self - portrait Mirrors
If you are bored of those monotonous mirrors in usual squares , rectangles or ovals and are looking out for something really jazzy and different , then I think this ‘ laser cut mirrors ’ from Elsewares called the Self Potrait Mirror are perfect for you .
Actually these are no mirrors but acrylic so no fear of breaking or cracking .
These mirrors actually celebrate the marriage between fun design and cool craftsmanship with small designs like a moustache or the stag horns that will bring smile to your face every time you ’ll look into them .
The self portrait mirrors are a fun alternative to your regular old boring mirror .
It has intricate laser - cut detailing around the outside as a border .
They ’re made of acrylic , so they ’re really durable and will not crack easily , and mounting is simple , too .
They come with various designs , like moose antlers or a moustache , so any one who ’s checking themselves out will get a laugh .
The Self Portrait Mirror from Elsewhere ’s is a creative way to display your character , and the designs and carving around the outside make it a nice addition to any room .
16 . Vladimir or Pallet Mirror
Karl Zahn came up with a great way to re-use old or broken pallets from all over the world .
The Pallet Mirror is an eco-friendly mirror that adds a nice , homey feel to any room .
The wood from the pallets has scars and bruises , but that ’s what makes each one truly unique in its own way .
The pallet parts are carved and cut in a design that adds originality to the all natural wood .
Although this is a simple design , it ’s really a modern version of an old Victorian mirror , and the fact that it ’s eco-friendly is a plus , too .
Enjoy a simple yet creative mirror , and give those broken old pallets a new home with a Pallet Mirror .
Designer : Karl Zahn
17 . Surf Mirror
Wake up at the beach every morning with this surfboard - inspired Surf Mirror designed by M. Perego .
It ’s a true to life scale model of a surfboard , only you can see your reflection in this board !
Since it ’s the size of a surfboard , you ’ll be able to see yourself in full length every time you gaze into the Surf Mirror .
The wooden frame comes in black or the natural wooden cooler , and it looks great as part of any décor , whether it ’s modern , casual or more elegant and old fashioned .
It ’s also available with attachable center shelves that add convenience for dropping your keys , hold a cup , or a watch , or whatever you choose .
The Surf Mirror is truly unique and a great way to let every beach lover “ Hang Ten ” every day .
18 . The Rocco Contemporary Mirror
The Rocco Contemporary Mirror is a beautifully sculpted mirror that doubles as a modern piece of art .
The mirror is cut into four asymmetric pieces , almost like a curvy window pane .
Each mirror is bordered with tempered glass , and they fit together to complement each other in a stylish , trendy way .
The Rocco Contemporary Mirror is a unique piece of art that adds a modern touch to any room , and the glass gives a clean , vivid reflection .
The design and cut of the mirrors adds glamor and intrigue to an otherwise everyday square mirror .
19 . Narcisse mirrors
The Narcisse mirrors are a collection of mirrors from different designers .
Each one has its own unique theme .
Original shapes , unique designs , and intricate detailing are found on each mirror .
The mirrors in the Narcisse collection are fresh and fun .
They can be displayed in any room , and each one is not only a mirror but a piece of art .
It may be hard to choose between all the different , unique mirrors in the Narcisse Mirror collection since there are twelve different options available .
There are options available for every style and personality , and these mirrors are a trendy way to reflect your character .
Designer : Matali Crasset
20 . Fiction Mirror
The Fiction Mirror was designed by Jean - Marie Massaud working with Glas Italia .
They are made with extra light glass and shaded silvering , which combined together make an interesting , abstract mirror design .
A chromium plated cylinder is used to mount the Fiction Mirror .
Depending on how you hang it , the degrading shade can be upwards or downwards .
These are really cool , because the silver shading makes them blend into the wall .
The Fiction Mirrors are a true modern mirror and a piece of art in one .
Designer : Jean - Marie Massaud
21 . Mirror Puzzle
The Mirror Puzzle is the most fun you ’ll ever have with a mirror again !
It is an actual puzzle , and comes complete with puzzle board .
It ’s a fun , modern version of your everyday bathroom mirror , and it ’s entertaining , too .
The Mirror Puzzle is a great table centerpiece , and it ’s sure to be the center of attention at any party .
Offer all your guests a fun challenge with the Mirror Puzzle .
22 Wooden Mirror
This piece explores the line between digital and physical , using a warm and natural material such as wood to portray the abstract notion of digital pixels .
These Wooden Mirrors are amazing .
Each one is made of over eight hundred tiny wooden tiles inside a wooden frame , but what you ca n’t see are the cameras and computer inside that allows the wooden tiles to reflect what the mirror sees !
This is a truly amazing concept , and the natural look of the wooden tiles is soothing to the viewer .
The mirror recognizes and reflects images immediately .
Daniel Rozin truly came up with a unique , modern mirror that is high tech , but that still has an old fashioned feel .
23 . Who Tall Are You Mirror
The Who Tall Are You Mirror will not just tell you how tall you are , but WHO you ’re as tall as !
Over 120 current and past celebrities are listed on the Who Tall Are You Mirror .
You ’ll find current celebrities like Clive Owen , Brad Pitt , and Beyonce Knowles , as well as celebrities like Clark Gable , Marilyn Monroe , and Abraham Lincoln .
This mirror is rectangle in shape , and is a functional mirror , so you can still see how good you look as you discover Who Tall Are You .
Buy at : Suck .
Uk
24 . Design Mirror – River Mirrors
The River Mirrors design Mirrors by Caryn Moberly are sleek , elegantly designed using all natural wood .
The wood was intricately carved by nature , and there is no other design that would look better in the River Mirrors .
The wood adds a natural look , and the mirror seems to be a river running through the wood .
Various options and variations of the mirrors are available in various sizes .
The mirrors can be hung vertically or horizontally .
Caryn Moberly designed functional , modern pieces of art that add light to any room , and not to mention a piece of nature .
25 . Handmade Tile Leaf Mirror
The Handmade Tile Leaf Mirror incorporates hand made colored tiles into its design .
The tiles are orange and green , and the glazed covering gives them an antique look .
Each green tile has a different leaf design carved into it .
The mirror is rectangle in shape , but the tiles are arranged around the border for an asymmetric border .
The Handmade Tile Leaf Mirror measures 17 inches by 23 inches .
This mirror will add color and light to any room , and the intricate details add originality to the Handmade Tile Leaf Mirror .
26 . Full Moon Mirror
The Full Moon Mirrors from Alchemy Glass and Light are amazing to say the least .
The outer portion is made of beautifully crafted glass fused with minerals and metal , which gives a gorgeous colored and textured glass finish .
The fusion of these materials produces an amazing illuminating light .
The light radiating from the mirror is displayed in a fantastic pattern that resembles the halo effect seen during a solar eclipse .
Each one is about eight inches in depth from the wall .
Three different models are available in different glass colors .
Choose from Celestial , Cienega , or Prestige to add not just a mirror but an amazing , illuminating light show to any room .
27 . Bathroom Mirror
As one ’s name is the most beautiful sound similarly Mirrors are the most loved accessory as they reflect oneself .
We often spend quality and ‘ quantity time ’ in front of mirrors gazing the most special creature on the planet !!
Hence , it would be apt to choose a mirror design that arrests one at the first sight .
Bathroom Mirrors are a very familiar accessory as the space accounts for that quantity time we spend there .
Add a splash to your bathroom [ remodeling bathroom ] with the Bathroom Mirror !
It is literally shaped to look like a splash of water .
This is a really cute , creative mirror that adds personality to any bathroom .
The glass is cut into perfect detail , completed with little islands of splash droplets .
Kids will really enjoy this fun mirror .
Give your bathroom [ bathroom decorating ] a whole new , fun look with the Bathroom Mirror .
28 . Tetris Mirror
If you thought those wall - size arcade artworks I wrote about the other day were a bit too bold for your taste , you might want to check out these slightly more subtle Tetris - inspired mirrors hanging on your wall instead .
Have a blast with the Tetris Mirror designed by Soner Ozenc .
It can be displayed in a rectangle , or you can have your very own tetris game whenever the mood strikes !
There are thirteen interlocking pieces , and each one is made with mirrored acrylic .
The great thing about the Tetris Mirror is the number of different ways to arrange the pieces .
You ’ll never get bored with a Tetris Mirror , and it ’s a great way to add light to any room .
The Tetris Mirror comes in two different sizes , and you can choose from a silver or gold finish .
29 . Multi-Faceted Mirror
This multi-faceted mirror is nothing short of stunning .
Its many mirrored surfaces will reflect the beauty of whatever room it is mounted in , and the jumbled style will add its own personality .
This mirrored cluster of wall hangings is stained a deep , rich espresso , and it is smoothly lacquered to give a pristine finish .
Although the many mirrors may appear to be chaotic and random , they are designed to perfectly reflect their surroundings and radiate beauty into your home .
Each of the eleven separate mirrors reflects a slightly different perspective , so you will experience a burst of color and shapes wherever this mirror is placed .
The Mosh Multi Mirror is a gorgeous cluster of eleven mirrors , each framed in a stunning , velvety espresso color and finished off with a smooth lacquer .
The mirrors are arranged at such an angle that each one reflects light individually .
The multi faceted design and optimum light reflection adds depth and dimension to any room .
This creative design adds character and beauty .
The Mosh Multi Mirror is 18 inches by 26 inches in size , so it ’s the perfect addition to add size to a smaller room .
Like building a house .
Just as a builder is n’t expected to manufacture the materials and tools of his trade , a programmer is only concerned with the analogues of ready - made types of materials ( primitive data types ) , basic tools ( operations ) and the usage instructions ( syntax rules ) that the programming language provides .
At the most essential level , operations are done on members of data types .
These specific instances of data types are called values .
And the syntactic beings that operate on values ( do the operation ) are called operators .
It about time we played with some values of a few types and some operators that manipulate them .
We need values of different types .
The rest should follow .
Numbers : Just what they sound like .
But not so average and not so run of the mill ( the devil is in the details ) .
But for our immediate purposes , they ’re just what they sound like !
Numbers are definitely useful .
They sure are good looking building blocks .
// This is a comment .
Lines that begin with // are ignored by JS .
// Comments are usually meant for humans .
// Things following the ' >>' signifies our input .
// Things following '>' signifies JS 's output .
// Numbers evaluate to themselves .
They stand for themselves .
//JS is n't doing any work to derive its value .
// It 's just what it looks like .
It 's primitive . >> 1 > 1 >>420 > 420
Strings : Strings are sequence of characters flanked by single quotes or double quotes but with the condition that they must be matched .
There are some caveats but we ’ll cross such bridges when we reach them .
( Yes , lot of bridges to cross ) .
Strings signify text .
Text is useful right ?
You could use them for like what a millions things ?
Sure .
So they are yet another primitive data type .
// Strings too evaluate to themselves .
>>
" How 's it going ? " > How 's it going ?
>>' She said ; " Not too bad . " ambivalently . '
> She said ; " Not too bad . " ambivalently .
// Wrongo .
Unmatched quote . >>' lol " > SyntaxError : unterminated string literal :
We need to operate on our values .
What does + look like to you ?
That sure is what it does to numbers .
>>1 + 1 > 2 >>1 + 2 > 3 >>1 + 2 + 3 >6
What if we asked + to operate on Strings ?
Immaterial of what you thought , JS joins the strings .
( String concatenation ) .
>>" Creativity " + " Lack " > CreativityLack
Now I ’m sure you ’d be thinking of asking + to operate on a string and a number just for the laugh .
Good job bonus points for that .
If you did n’t , maybe it ’s time you started because if there ’s anything that I ’d rather you leave with from this is the sense of curiosity .
That is essential .
Cultivate it if you think you do n’t have enough of it .
I ’m sure the curious among you are busy in playful discovery .
All is very well .
If both the operands ( values on which the operator operates on ) of the + operator are not numbers , JS converts those values to string and concatenates them .
Aside :
This is called operator overloading .
The creators of JS decided in an ad hoc manner that + should do arithmetic as well as string concatenation .
The conversion of a value to a string is an example of type coercion .
( A value is coerced to a value of some other type to satisfy some implied computation )
>> 1 + " shoe " > 1 shoe >> " 1 " + ' 2 '
// neither are numbers because they 're flanked by quotes .
> 12 >>" 1 " + 2 + 3 > 123 >>1 + 2 + " 3 " >33 //WT ..?
As for the somewhat unexpected turn of events in the last output , let me introduce you to associativity :
The rule that resolves order of operation in a sequence of operations .
Consider this , line up a group of your friends facing your , ask them to turn 90 degrees left ( their right ) , spread their arms , hold the respective wrists of the person in front and hug simultaneously .
What you get is a left associative order .
There are other ways to demonstrate this , but hugging is a sort of association .
I think this imagery sticks better .
Now if they did it in to the right ( their left ) .
We ’d have a right associative arrangement .
So you see , + is left associative .
In the case of " 1 " + 2 + 3 , 2 is hugging " 1 " .
3 is hugging both 2 and " 1 " .
Therefore " 1 " + 2 evaluates to the string " 12 " and next operation becomes " 12 " + 3 which is " 123 " .
Now I ’m sure you see why 1 + 2 + " 3 " evaluates to " 33 " .
We can override associativity by grouping using parenthesis .
>>1 + ( 2 + " 3 " ) > 123
If in doubt , always , make your intention explicit with parenthesis .
Tiny bridge we just crossed there .
Good job .
Summary .
Playful curiosity is a good thing .
Hug your family , friends and strangers .
REPL : Read Eval Print Loop . <-
This
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags : associativity , JavaScript , number , operators , primitives , string , values
In war it can be useful to see ourselves as others do , for outsiders can set aside those deep and natural ties of affection for our soldiers that sometimes cloud one 's vision .
Foreign military observers can concentrate on what works and what does not , and if they see " failure " in the campaigns of others they 're less shy about using the word .
At the moment — at least as others see us — Canada is coming in for some hard knocks for the job we are doing in Kandahar .
The most stinging critique is a new 72 - page study by an influential U.S. think tank , the Institute for the Study of War ( ISW ) .
Titled " The Taliban 's Campaign for Kandahar , " the study claims the guerrillas seriously outmaneuvered a hopelessly under - strength Canadian battle group that was never able to put more than a few hundred soldiers into combat operations at the same time .
The Taliban , the analysis argues , used diversionary attacks to draw Canadian units into costly sideshows in the province 's rural Zhari and Panjwai districts , just west of Kandahar City , where they were never able to hold ground they took .
Overextended ?
Eric Tremblay of Montreal takes a break in a grape field while patrolling in the Panjwaii district of Kandahar province in September 2009 .
( Finbarr O'Reilly / Reuters )
What the Canadians should have done , it 's claimed here , is concentrate all their efforts on protecting Kandahar City , the provincial capital of roughly 500,000 , and a key objective of Taliban strategy in the south .
As a result , the report says , " this campaign ultimately developed into a costly stalemate " that left the Taliban free to reorganize and " advance on Kandahar City from the north . "
A big setback
It should be stressed that the courage and professionalism of Canadian soldiers is nowhere slighted in this report .
Indeed , it confirms that the Taliban were badly beaten by the initial Canadian campaigns in 2006 .
But the American military seems convinced that Canada 's Kandahar campaign in southern Afghanistan is one of the more serious setbacks suffered in the whole war .
The analysis plays directly into NATO 's dread that the Taliban might draw Western forces into fighting inside a highly populated urban area , such as Kandahar City .
Now , I 'm not entirely convinced by the study , but it 's worth noting because it likely reflects current U.S. military thinking .
The ISW is closely identified with the latest counter - insurgency and " surge " schools of thought championed by top U.S. commanders such as Gen. David Petraeus and Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the new supreme commander in Afghanistan .
One senses in this study the views of McChrystal supporters throughout .
And the fact remains that the Taliban ended up with strong positions in the Arghandab valley just north of Kandahar City and have infiltrated into three suburbs on the north , west and southwest .
Getting them out of there is now the preoccupation of the U.S. reinforcements that have moved in to join the Canadians .
Thin red line
And after reading numerous sources now describe the repeated Canadian failures to hold the ground taken from insurgents , I 'm left wondering what on earth the Canadian government thought it was doing when it decided that a tiny force of 2,200 ( now 2,800 ) , without even helicopters at first , could hold down all of Kandahar province , population one million , the very heartland of the Taliban .
When they arrived in 2006 , the Canadians replaced a much stronger U.S. force .
And while the Taliban seemed dormant at the time , early intelligence warnings noted they were merely regrouping for a counteroffensive .
Since then , talk about your thin red line !
Canadian officers have often struggled to command only two infantry companies stretched 100 kilometres apart .
They were really only able to support 380 infantry in the field for any length of time .
In hindsight , these numbers look even more ludicrous today .
Just consider that in the neighbouring Helmand province , a full British brigade of 5,500 , including elite parachute troops with helicopters , had trouble holding their own in an area of less strategic importance to the Taliban .
According to the report , the big blunder of the war in the south was to leave the under - resourced Canadians to hold Kandahar , the true axis of the battle in the region , while focusing on the struggle in Helmand , a mistake blamed on McChrystal 's predecessor , who was fired abruptly earlier this year .
This may be overly simplistic .
Helmand is a major transit route for Taliban headed for Kandahar .
But , still , the weak garrisoning of Kandahar is an historical fact that can't be shrugged off by either NATO or the Harper government , which ruthlessly imposed budget caps that restricted Canadian troop strength .
Not lost
In an interview , the author of the report , military analyst Carl Forsberg said : " It did surprise me that Canada did not make more noise about the difficult situation it was in , and did not press loudly more for outside help . "
U.S. Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top commander in Afghanistan , wants more boots on the ground and in the communities .
Forsberg spent over a year researching and analyzing the campaign in Kandahar and his findings suggest Canada 's role there remains one of the many questions still to be answered in the conduct of this war .
The report pounds away at consistent weaknesses .
On their own , Canadian units " were too small to employ important counter - insurgency tactics , like conducting clearing missions and holding terrain … and were limited in their ability to generate actionable intelligence … and there were insufficient troops to conduct night patrols for more than a few weeks at a time or in large areas . "
Most serious , from the McChrystal - camp viewpoint , was the failure of Canadians to consistently pursue counter - insurgency actions because of rising casualties from Taliban bombings .
While it makes gloomy reading , the report is careful , however , not to call the Kandahar campaign " lost . "
Three U.S. battalions have now been put under Canadian command , almost doubling the entire Kandahar force to 5,000 or so and more are on their way .
These soldiers will now be able to do more patrolling on foot in heavily populated areas ( and inevitably face more risks while doing so ) .
" Starting today we move forward in a new way , " McChrystal told allied officers at Kandahar airport this past week , a sentiment that seemed to sit well with Canada 's commander , Gen. Daniel Menard .
However much Ottawa — and much of Canada — has come to hate this long and draining campaign , at least our soldiers can finally share the risks with some decent company .
It was an historic and fascinating debate , at once blunt and respectful , the sort of exchange that the nation could use more often .
( Whereas the State of The Union is basically a one - sided sort of political theater , this event actually captured the actual State of Our Political Union / Disunion . )
Here is the complete C - Span video of the event MSNBC video of the event , which hopefully works better than the C - Span video :
[ vodpod id=Video.2952428&w=425&h=350&fv=launch%3D35147797%26amp%3Bwidth%3D420%26amp%3Bheight %3D245 ]
After the jump I have posted the entire transcript .
OBAMA : Thank you .
Thank you very much .
( APPLAUSE )
Thank you so much .
Thank you .
( APPLAUSE )
Thank you very much .
( APPLAUSE )
Thank you , John , for the gracious introduction .
To Mike and Eric , thank you for hosting me .
Thank you to all of you for receiving me .
It is wonderful to be here .
I want to also acknowledge Mark Strand , the president of the Congressional Institute .
To all the family members who are here and who have to put up with us who are in elective office each and every day , thank you , because I know that ’s tough .
( APPLAUSE )
I very much am appreciative of not only the tone of your introduction , John , but also the invitation that you extended to me .
You know what they say , “ Keep your friends close , but visit the Republican Caucus every few months . ”
( LAUGHTER )
Now , part of the reason I accepted your invitation to come here was because I wanted to speak with all of you , and not just to all of you .
So I ’m looking forward to taking your questions and having a real conversation in a few moments .
And I hope that the conversation we begin here does n’t end here , that we can continue our dialogue in the days ahead .
It ’s important to me that we do so ; it ’s important to you , I think , that we do so .
But , most importantly , it ’s important to the American people that we do so .
I ’ve said this before , but I ’m a big believer not just in the value of a loyal opposition , but in its necessity .
Having differences of opinion , having a real debate about matters of domestic policy and national security ; that ’s not something that ’s only good for our country , it ’s absolutely essential .
It ’s only through the process of disagreement and debate that bad ideas get tossed out and good ideas get refined and made better .
And that kind of vigorous back - and - forth , that imperfect , but well - founded process , messy as it often is , is at the heart of our democracy .
It ’s what makes us the greatest nation in the world .
So , yes , I want you to challenge my ideas .
And I guarantee you that , after reading this , I may challenge a few of yours .
( LAUGHTER )
I want you to stand up for your beliefs .
And knowing this caucus , I have no doubt that you will .
I want us to have a constructive debate .
The only thing I do n’t want — and here I am listening to the American people , and I think they do n’t want either — is for Washington to continue being so Washington - like .
I know folks when we ’re in — in town there , spend a lot of time reading the polls and looking at focus groups and interpreting which party has the upper hand in November and in 2012 and so on and so on and so on .
That ’s their obsession .
And I ’m not a pundit ; I ’m just a president .
So take it for what it ’s worth .
But I do n’t believe that the American people want us to focus on our job security .
They want us to focus on their job security .
( APPLAUSE )
OBAMA : I do n’t think they want more gridlock .
I do n’t think they want more partisanship .
I do n’t think they want more obstruction .
They did n’t send us to Washington to fight each other in some sort of political steel cage match to see who comes out alive .
That ’s not what they want .
They sent us to Washington to work together , to get things done , and to solve the problems that they ’re grappling with every single day .
And I think your constituents would want to know that , despite the fact it does n’t get a lot of attention , you and I have actually worked together on a number of occasions .
There have been times where we ’ve acted in a bipartisan fashion , and I want to thank you and your Democratic colleagues for reaching across the aisle .
There has been , for example , broad support for putting in the troops necessary in Afghanistan to deny Al Qaida safe haven , to break the Taliban ’s momentum and to train Afghan security forces .
There ’s been broad support for disrupting , dismantling and defeating Al Qaida .
And I know that we ’re all united in our admiration of our troops .
( APPLAUSE )
So it may be useful for the international audience right now to understand , and certainly for our enemies to have no doubt , whatever divisions and differences may exist in Washington , the United States of America stands as one to defend our country .
( APPLAUSE )
It ’s that same spirit of bipartisanship that made it possible for me to sign a defense contracting reform bill that was co-sponsored by Senator McCain and members of Congress here today .
We ’ve stood together on behalf of our nation ’s veterans .
Together we passed the largest increase in the V.A. ’s budget in more than 30 years and supported essential veterans health care reforms to provide better access and medical care for those who serve in uniform .
Some of you also joined Democrats in supporting a credit card bill of rights and in extending unemployment compensation to Americans who were out of work .
Some of you joined us in stopping tobacco companies from targeting kids , expanding opportunities for young people to serve our country , and helping responsible homeowners stay in their homes .
So we have a track record of working together .
It is possible .
But , as John , you mentioned , on some very big things we ’ve seen party - line votes that —
I ’m just going to be honest — were disappointing .
OBAMA : Let ’s start with our efforts to jump - start the economy last winter when we were losing 700,000 jobs a month .
Our financial system teetered on the brink of collapse and the threat of a second Great Depression loomed large .
I did n’t understand then , and I still do n’t understand , why we got opposition in this caucus for almost $ 300 billion in badly needed tax cuts for the American people or COBRA coverage to help Americans who ’d lost jobs in this recession to keep the health insurance that they desperately needed , or opposition to putting Americans to work laying broadband and rebuilding roads and bridges and breaking ground on new construction projects .
There was an interesting headline in — in CNN today : Americans disapprove of stimulus , but like every policy in it .
And there was a poll that showed that if you broke it down into its component parts , 80 percent approved of the tax cuts , 80 percent approved of the infrastructure , 80 percent approved of the assistance to the unemployed .
Well , that ’s what the Recovery Act was , and I — you know , let ’s face it , some of you have been at the ribbon cuttings for some of these important projects in your communities .
Now , I understand some of you had some philosophical differences , perhaps , on just the concept of government spending , but as I recall , opposition was declared before we had a chance to actually meet and exchange ideas .
And I saw that as a missed opportunity .
Now , I am happy to report this morning that we saw another sign that our economy is moving in the right direction .
The latest GDP numbers show that our economy is growing by almost 6 percent .
That ’s the most since 2003 .
To put that in perspective , this time last year we were n’t seeing positive job .
We were seeing the economy shrink by about 6 percent .
So we ’ve seen a 12 percent reversal during the course of this year .
This turnaround is the biggest in nearly three decades , and it did n’t happen by accident .
It happened , as economists , conservative and liberal , will attest , because of some of the steps that we took .
OBAMA : And , by the way , you know , you mentioned the Web site out here , John .
If you want to look at what ’s going on in the Recovery Act , you can look on recovery.gov , a Web site , by the way , that was Eric Cantor ’s idea .
Now , here ’s the point :
These are serious times .
And what ’s required by all of us , Democrats and Republicans , is to do what ’s right for our country , even if it ’s not always what ’s best for our politics .
I know it may be heresy to say this , but there are things more important than good poll numbers .
And on this , no one can accuse me of not living by my principles .
( LAUGHTER )
A middle class that ’s back on its feet , an economy that lifts everybody up , an America that ’s ascendant in the world :
That ’s more important than winning an election .
Our future should n’t be shaped by what ’s best for our politics .
Our politics should be shaped by what ’s best for our future .
But , no matter what ’s happened in the past , the important thing for all of us is to move forward together .
We have some issues right in front of us on which I believe we should agree because , as successful as we ’ve been in spurring new economic growth , everybody understands that job growth has been lagging .
Some of that ’s predictable .
Every economist will say jobs are a lagging indicator .
But that ’s no consolation for the folks who are out there suffering right now .
And since 7 million Americans have lost their jobs in this recession , we ’ve got to do everything we can to accelerate .
So , today , in line with what I stated in the State of the Union , I ’ve proposed a new jobs tax credit for small business .
And here ’s how it would work .
Employers would get a tax credit of up to $ 5,000 for every employee they add in 2010 .
They ’d get a tax break for increases in wages as well .
So if you raise wages for employees making under $ 100,000 , we ’d refund part of your payroll tax for every dollar you increase those wages faster than inflation .
It ’s a simple concept .
It ’s easy to understand .
It would cut taxes for more than 1 million small businesses .
So I hope you join me .
Let ’s get this done .
I want to eliminate the capital gains tax for small business investment and take some of the bailout money the Wall Street banks have returned and used it to help community banks start lending to small businesses again .
So join me .
I am confident that we can do this together for the American people .
And there ’s nothing in that proposal that runs contrary to the ideological predispositions of this caucus .
The question is , what ’s going to keep us from getting this done .
OBAMA : I ’ve proposed a modest fee on the nation ’s largest banks and financial institutions to fully recover the taxpayers ’ money that they provided to the financial sector when it was teetering on the brink of collapse .
And it ’s designed to discourage them from taking reckless risks in the future .
If you listen to the American people , John , they ’ll tell you they want their money back .
Let ’s do this together , Republicans and Democrats .
I ’ve proposed that we close tax loopholes that reward companies for shipping American jobs overseas , and instead give companies greater incentive to create jobs right here at home — right here at home .
Surely that ’s something that we can do together , Republicans and Democrats .
We know that we ’ve got a major fiscal challenge in reining in deficits that have been growing for a decade and threaten our future .
That ’s why I ’ve proposed a three - year freeze in discretionary spending , other than what we need for national security .
That ’s something we should do together .
That ’s consistent with a lot of the talk , both in Democratic caucuses and Republican caucuses .
We ca n’t blink when it ’s time to actually do the job .
At this point , we know that the budget surpluses of the ’90s occurred in part because of the pay - as - you - go law , which said that , well , you should pay as you go and live within our means , just like families do every day .
Twenty - four of voted for that , and I appreciate it , and were able to pass it in the Senate yesterday .
But the idea of a bipartisan fiscal commission to confront the deficits in the long term died in the Senate the other day , so I ’m going to establish such a commission by executive order .
And I hope that you participate fully and genuinely in that effort .
Because if we ’re going to actually deal with our deficit and debt , everybody here knows that we ’re going to have to do it together , Republican and Democrat .
No single party is going to make the tough choices involved on its own .
It ’s going to require all of us doing what ’s right for the American people .
And as I said in the State of the Union speech , there ’s not just a deficit of dollars in Washington , there ’s a deficit of trust .
So I hope you ’ll support my proposal to make all congressional earmarks public before they come to a vote .
And let ’s require lobbyists who exercise such influence to publicly disclose all their contacts on behalf of their clients , whether they are contacts with my administration or contacts with Congress .
OBAMA : Let ’s do the people ’s business in the bright light of day , together , Republicans and Democrats .
I know how bitter and contentious the issue of health insurance reform has become , and I will eagerly look at the ideas and better solutions on the health care front .
If anyone here truly believes our health insurance system is working well for people , I respect your right to say so , but I just do n’t agree and neither would millions of Americans with preexisting conditions who ca n’t get coverage today , or find out that they lose their insurance just as they ’re getting seriously ill .
That ’s exactly when you need insurance , and for too many people , they ’re not getting it .
I do n’t think a system is working when small businesses are gouged , and 15,000 Americans are losing coverage every single day , when premiums have doubled and out - of - pocket costs have exploded and they ’re poised to do so again .
I mean , to be fair , the status quo is working for the insurance industry , but it ’s not working for the American people .
It ’s not working for our federal budget .
It needs to change .
This is a big problem and all of us are called on to solve it .
And that ’s why from the start I sought out and supported ideas from the Republicans .
I even talked about an issue that has been a holy grail for a lot of you , which was tort reform , and said that I ’d be willing to work together as part of a comprehensive package to deal with it .
I just did n’t get a lot of nibbles .
Creating a high - risk pool for uninsured folks with preexisting conditions ; that was n’t my idea , it was Senator McCain’s .
And I supported it and it got incorporated into our approach .
Allowing insurance companies to sell coverage across state lines to add choice and competition and bring down costs for businesses and consumers — that ’s an idea that some of you , I suspect , included in this better solutions .
That ’s an idea that was incorporated into our package .
I support it , provided that we do it hand - in - hand with broader reforms that protect benefits and protect patients and protect the American people .
A number of you have suggested creating pools where self - employed and small businesses could buy insurance .
That was a good idea .
I embraced it .
Some of you supported efforts to provide insurance to children and let kids remain covered on their parents ’ insurance until they are 25 or 26 .
I supported that .
That ’s part of our package .
I supported a number of other ideas from incentivizing wellness to creating an affordable catastrophic insurance option for young people that came from Republicans like Mike Enzi and Olympia Snowe in the Senate , and I ’m sure from some of you as well .
OBAMA : So when you say I ought to be willing to accept Republican ideas on health care , let ’s be clear : I have .
Bipartisanship , not for its own sake , but to solve problems , that ’s what our constituents , the American people , need from us right now .
All of us , then , have a choice to make .
We have to choose whether we ’re going to be politicians first or partners for progress , whether we ’re going to put success at the polls ahead of the lasting success we can achieve together for America .
Just think about it for a while .
We do n’t have to put it up for a vote today .
Let me close by saying this : I was not elected by Democrats or Republicans , but by the American people .
That ’s especially true because the fastest - growing group of Americans are independents .
That should tell us both something .
I ’m ready and eager to work with anyone who is willing to proceed in the spirit of goodwill .
But understand , if we can’t break free from partisan gridlock , if we ca n’t move past the politics of no , if resistance supplants constructive debate , I still have to meet my responsibilities as president .
I ’ve got to act for the greater good , because that , too , is a commitment that I have made .
And that , too , is what the American people sent me to Washington to do .
So I am optimistic .
I know many of you individually .
And the irony , I think , of our political climate right now is that , compared to other countries , the differences between the two major parties on most issues is not as big as it ’s represented .
But we ’ve gotten caught up in the political game in a way that ’s just not healthy .
It ’s dividing our country in ways that are preventing us from meeting the challenges of the 21st century .
I ’m hopeful that the conversation we have today can help reverse that .
So thank you very much .
Thank you , John .
( APPLAUSE )
Now I ’d like to open it up for questions .
PENCE : The president has agreed to take questions , and members will be encouraged to raise your hand while you remain in your seat .
( LAUGHTER )
The chair will take the prerogative to make a brief remark and pose the first question .
Mr. President , welcome back to the House Republican Conference .
OBAMA : Thank you .
PENCE : We are pleased to have you return ( inaudible ) a year ago .
House Republicans said then we would make you two promises .
Number one , that most people in this room and their families would pray for you and your beautiful family just about every day for the four years .
I want to assure you we ’re keeping that promise .
OBAMA : I appreciate that .
PENCE : Number two , ( inaudible ) to you , Mr. President , was that door ( ph ) was always open .
And we hope that by evidence of our invitation to you that we can demonstrate that ( inaudible ) .
Mr. President , ( inaudible ) us in this conference yesterday , on the way into Baltimore , stopped by the Salvation Army homeless facility here in Baltimore yesterday .
PENCE : I met a little boy , an African - American boy , in the 8th grade , named David Carter Jr .
When he heard that I would be seeing you today , his eyes lit up like I have n’t seen .
And I told him if he wrote you a letter , I ’d give it to you .
And I have .
But I had a conversation with little David Jr. and David Sr . And their families are struggling in this economy .
His dad said words to me , Mr. President , that I ’ll never forget .
About my age , and he said — he said , “ Congressman , it ’s not like it was when we were coming up . ”
He said , “ There ’s just no jobs . ”
Now , last year , about the time you met with us , unemployment was 7.5 percent in this country .
Your administration and your party in Congress told us that we ’d have to borrow more than $ 700 billion to pay for a so - called stimulus bill that was a piecemeal list of projects and boutique tax cuts , all of which we were told had to be passed or unemployment would go to 8 percent , as your administration said .
Well , unemployment is 10 percent now , as you well know , Mr. President .
Here in Baltimore , it ’s considerably higher .
Now , Republicans offered a stimulus bill at the same time .
It cost half as much as the Democratic proposal in Congress .
And using your economic analyst models , it would have created twice the jobs at half the cost .
It essentially was across - the - board tax relief , Mr. President .
Now , we know you ’ve come to Baltimore today and you ’ve — you ’ve raised this — a tax credit which was last promoted by President Jimmy Carter .
But the first question I would pose to you , very respectfully , Mr. President , is would you be willing to consider embracing , in the name of little David Carter Jr. and his dad , in the name of every struggling family in this country , the kind of across - the - board tax relief that Republicans have advocated , that President Kennedy advocated , that President Reagan advocated , and that has always been the means of stimulating broad - based economic growth ?
OBAMA : Well , the — there was a lot packed into that question there .
( LAUGHTER )
First of all , let me — let me say I already promised that I ’ll be writing back to that young man and his family …
PENCE : Thank you .
OBAMA : … and I appreciate you passing on the letter .
OBAMA : Let ’s talk about just the jobs environment generally .
You ’re absolutely right than when I was sworn in , the hope was that unemployment would remain around 8 — or in the 8 percent range .
That was just based on the estimates made by both conservative and liberal economists because at that point not all the data had trickled in .
We had lost 650,000 jobs in December .
I ’m assuming you ’re not faulting my policies for that .
We had lost , it turns out , 700,000 jobs in January , the month I was sworn in .
I ’m assuming it was n’t my administration policies that accounted for that .
We lost another 650,000 jobs the subsequent month , before any of my policies had gone in to effect .
So I ’m assuming that was n’t as a consequence of our policies .
That does n’t reflect the failure of the Recovery Act .
The point being that what ended up happening was that the job losses from this recession proved to be much more severe in the first quarter of last year going into the second quarter of last year than anybody anticipated .
So , I mean , I think we — we can score political points on the basis of the fact that we underestimated how severe the job losses were going to be , but those job losses took place before any stimulus , whether it was the ones that you guys have proposed or the ones that we proposed , could have ever taken to effect .
Now , that ’s just the fact , Mike , and I do n’t think anybody would dispute that .
I — you could not find an economist who would dispute that .
Now , at the same time , as I mentioned , most economists , Republican and Democrat , liberal and conservative , would say that had it not been for the stimulus package that we passed , things would be much worse .
Now , they did n’t fill a 7 million hole in the unemployment — in the number of people who were unemployed .
They probably account for about 2 million , which means we still have 5 million folks in there that we ’ve still got to deal with .
That ’s a lot of people .
The package that we put together at the beginning of the year , the truth is should have reflected , and I believe reflected what most of you would say are common - sense things .
This notion that this was a radical package is just not true .
A third of them were tax cuts .
And they were n’t — when you say they were boutique tax cuts , Mike , 95 percent of working Americans got tax cuts .
Small businesses got tax cuts .
Large businesses got help in terms of their depreciation schedules .
OBAMA : I mean , it was a pretty conventional list of tax cuts .
A third of it was stabilizing state budgets .
There is not a single person in here who , had it not been for what was in the stimulus package , would n’t be going home to more teachers laid off , more firefighters laid off , more cops laid off .
A big chunk of it was unemployment insurance and COBRA , just making sure that people had some floor beneath them — and , by the way , making sure that there was enough money in their pockets that businesses had some customers .
You take those two things out , that accounts for the majority of the stimulus package .
Are there people in this room who would think that was a bad idea ?
A portion of it was dealing with the AMT — right ? — the alternative minimum tax .
Not a proposal of mine .
That ’s not a consequence of my policies that we have a tax system where we keep on putting off a potential tax hike that is embedded in the budget that we have to fix each year .
That cost about $ 70 billion .
And then the last portion of it was infrastructure , which , as I said , a lot of you have gone to appear at ribbon cuttings for the same projects that you voted against .
Now , I say all this not to relitigate the past , but it ’s simply to state that the component parts of the Recovery
Act are consistent with what many of you say are important things to do : rebuilding our infrastructure , tax cuts for families and businesses , and making sure that we were providing states and individuals some support when the roof was caving in .
And the notion that I would somehow resist doing something that cost half as much but would produce twice as many jobs — why would I resist that ?
I would n’t .
I mean , that ’s my point , is that — I am not an ideologue .
I ’m not .
It does n’t make sense if somebody could tell me , “ You could do this cheaper and get increased results , ” that I would n’t say , “ Great . ”
OBAMA : The problem is , I could n’t find credible economists who would back up the claims that you just made .
Now , we — we can — here ’s what I know going forward , though .
I mean , we ’re talking — you know , we ’re talking about the past .
We can talk about this going forward .
I have looked at every idea out there in terms of accelerating job growth to match the economic growth that ’s already taken place .
The jobs credit that I ’m discussing right now is one that a lot of people think would be the most cost - effective way for encouraging people to pick up their hiring .
There may be other ideas that you guys have .
I am happy to look at them and I ’m happy to embrace them .
I suspect I will embrace some of them .
Some of them I ’ve already embraced .
But the question I think we ’re going to have to ask ourselves is , as we move forward , are we going to be examining each of these issues based on what ’s good for the country , what the evidence tells us , or are we going to be trying to position ourselves so that come November , we ’re able to say , “ The other party , it ’s their fault ” ?
If we take the latter approach , then we ’re probably not going to get much agreement .
If we take the former , I suspect there ’s going to be a lot of overlap .
All right ?
PENCE : Mr. President , would — will you consider supporting across - the - board tax relief , as President Kennedy did ?
OBAMA : Here ’s what I ’m going to do , Mike :
What I ’m going to do is I ’m going to take a look at what you guys are proposing .
And the reason — the reason I say this , you know , before you say OK , I think it is — I think is important to note , you know , what you may consider across - the - board tax cuts could be , for example , greater tax cuts for people who are making a billion dollars .
I may not agree to a tax cut for Warren Buffett .
You may be calling for a ( sic ) across - the - board tax cut for the banking industry right now .
I may not agree to that .
So , you know , I think that we ’ve got to look at what specific proposals you ’re putting forward .
And — this is the last point I ’ll make — if you ’re calling for just across - the - board tax cuts and then , on the other hand , saying that we ’re somehow going to balance our budget , I ’m going to want to take a look at your math and see how that — how that works .
Because the issue of deficit and debt is another area where there has been a tendency for some inconsistent statements .
How ’s that ?
All right ?
QUESTION : Thank you , Mr. President .
PENCE : Paul Ryan from Wisconsin ?
RYAN : Thank you .
Mr. President , first of all , thanks for agreeing to accept our invitation here .
It is a real pleasure and honor to have you with us here today .
OBAMA : Good to see you .
Is this your crew right here , by the way ?
RYAN : Yes , this is my daughter Liza , my sons Charlie and Sam , and this is my wife Janna .
OBAMA : Hey , guys .
RYAN : Say “ hi ” to everybody .
( LAUGHTER )
I serve as the ranking member of the Budget Committee , so I want to talk a little budget , if you do n’t mind .
OBAMA : Yes .
RYAN : The spending bills that you have signed into law , the domestic and discretionary spending has been increased by 84 percent .
You now want to freeze spending at this elevated level beginning next year .
This means that total spending in your budget would grow at 300ths of 1 percent less than otherwise .
I would simply submit that we could do more and start now .
You ’ve also said that you want to take a scalpel to the budget and go through it line by line .
We want to give you that scalpel .
I have a proposal with my home state senator , Russ Feingold , a bipartisan proposal , to create a constitutional version of the line - item veto .
( APPLAUSE )
The problem is we ca n’t even get a vote on the proposal .
So my question is , why not start freezing spending now ?
And would you support a line - item veto and helping us get a vote on it in the House ?
OBAMA : Let me respond to the two specific questions , but I want to just push back a little bit on the underlying premise , about us increasing spending by 84 percent .
Now , look , I talked to Peter Orszag right before I came here , because I suspected I ’d be hearing this —
I ’d be hearing this argument .
The fact of the matter is is that most of the increases in this year ’s budget , this past year ’s budget , were not as a consequence of policies that we initiated , but instead were built in as a consequence of the automatic stabilizers that kick in because of this enormous recession .
So the increase in the budget for this past year was actually predicted before I was even sworn into office and had initiated any policies .
Whoever was in there , Paul — and I do n’t think you ’ll dispute that — whoever was in there would have seen those same increases because of , on the one hand , huge drops in revenue , but at the same time people were hurting and needed help .
And a lot of these things happen automatically .
OBAMA : Now , the reason that I ’m not proposing the discretionary freeze take into effect this year , retro — we prepared a budget for 2010 , it ’s now going forward — is , again , I am just listening to the consensus among people who know the economy best .
And what they will say is that if you either increased taxes or significantly lowered spending when the economy remains somewhat fragile , that that would have a destimulative effect and potentially you ’d see a lot of folks losing business , more folks potentially losing jobs .
That would be a mistake when the economy has not fully taken off .
That ’s why I ’ve proposed to do it for the next fiscal year .
So , that ’s point number two .
With respect to the line - item veto , I actually — I think there ’s not a president out there that would n’t love to have it .
And , you know , I think that this is an area where we can have a serious conversation .
I know it is a bipartisan proposal by you and Russ Feingold .
I do n’t like being held up with big bills that have stuff in them that are wasteful but I ’ve got to sign because it ’s a defense authorization bill and I ’ve got to make sure that our troops are getting the funding that they need .
I will tell you , I would love for Congress itself to show discipline on both sides of the aisle .
I think one thing that , you know , you have to acknowledge , Paul , because you study this stuff and take it pretty seriously , that the earmarks problem is not unique to one party , and you end up getting a lot of pushback when you start going after specific projects of any one of you in your districts , because wasteful spending is usually spent somehow outside of your district .
Have you noticed that ?
The spending in your district tends to seem pretty sensible .
So I would love to see more restraint within Congress .
I ’d like to work on the earmarks reforms that I mentioned in terms of putting earmarks online , because I think sunshine is the best disinfectant .
But I am willing to have a serious discussion on the line - item veto issue .
RYAN : OK .
I ’d like to walk you through it , because we have a version we think is constitutional …
OBAMA : Let me take a look at it .
RYAN : I would simply say that automatic stabilizer spending is mandatory spending .
The discretionary spending , the bills that Congresses signs — that you sign into law , that has increased 84 percent .
So …
OBAMA : We ’ll have a — we ’ll have a longer debate on the budget numbers there , all right ?
PENCE : Thank you , Paul .
Shelley Moore Capito , West Virginia ?
CAPITO : Thank you .
Thank you , Mr. President .
OBAMA : Thank you .
CAPITO : … for joining us here today .
OBAMA : Thank you .
CAPITO : As you said on your — in the State of the Union address on Wednesday , jobs and the economy are number one .
And I think everyone in this room , certainly I , agree with you on that .
I represent the state of West Virginia .
We ’re resource rich .
We have a lot of coal and a lot of natural gas .
But our — my miners and the folks who are working and those who are unemployed are very concerned about some of your policies in these areas : cap - and - trade , an aggressive EPA and the looming prospect of higher taxes .
In our minds , these are job - killing policies .
So I ’m asking in — in to — if you would be willing to re-look at some of these policies , with the high unemployment and unsure economy that we have now , to assure West Virginians that you ’re listening .
OBAMA : Well , I — look , I listen all the time , including to your governor , who ’s somebody who I enjoyed working with a lot before the campaign and now that I ’m president .
And I know that West Virginia struggles with unemployment .
And I know how important coal is to West Virginia and a lot of the natural resources there .
That ’s part of the reason why I ’ve said that we need a comprehensive energy policy that sets us up for a long - term future .
For example , nobody ’s been a bigger promoter of clean coal technology than I am .
In testament to that , I ended up being in a whole bunch of advertisements that you guys saw all the time about investing in ways for us to burn coal more cleanly .
I ’ve said that I ’m a promoter of nuclear energy , something that , you know , I think over the last three decades has been subject to a lot of partisan wrangling and ideological wrangling .
I do n’t think it makes sense .
I think that that has to be part of our energy mix .
I ’ve said that I am supportive — and I said this two nights ago at the State of the Union — that I ’m in favor of increased production .
So if you look at the ideas that this caucus has , again , with respect to energy , I ’m for a lot of what you said you are for .
The one thing that I ’ve also said , though — and here we have a serious disagreement and my hope is we can work through this agreement — these disagreements ; there ’s be effort on the Senate side to do so on a bipartisan basis — is that we have to plan for the future .
And the future is that clean energy — cleaner forms of energy are going to be increasingly important .
Because even if folks are still skeptical in some cases about climate change in our politics and in Congress , the world ’s not skeptical about it .
If we ’re going to be going after some of these big markets , they ’re going to be looking to see is the United States the one that ’s developing clean coal technology ?
Is the United States developing our natural gas resources in the most effective way ?
Is the United States the one that is going to lead in electric cars ?
Because if we ’re not leading , those other countries are going to be leading .
OBAMA : So what I want to do with West Virginia to figure out how we can seize that future .
But to do that , that means there ’s going to have to be some transition .
We ca n’t operate the coal industry in the United States as if we ’re still in the 1920s or the 1930s or the 1950s .
We ’ve got to be thinking , what does that industry look like in the next hundred years ?
And it ’s going to be different .
And that means there ’s going to be some transition , and that ’s where I think a well - thought - through policy of incentivizing the new while , you know , recognizing that there ’s going to be a transition process and we ’re not just suddenly putting the old out of business right away .
That has to be something that both Republicans and Democrats should be able to embrace .
PENCE : Jason Chaffetz , Utah ?
Right behind you , Jason .
CHAFFETZ : Thank you , Mr. President .
It ’s truly an honor .
OBAMA : It ’s great to be here .
CHAFFETZ : And I appreciate you being here .
I — I ’m one of 22 House freshmen .
We did n’t create this mess , but we are here to help clean it up .
And ( inaudible ) talk a lot about this deficit of trust .
There ’s some things that have happened that I would appreciate your perspective on , because I can look you in the eye and tell you , we have not been obstructionist .
The Democrats have the House and Senate and the presidency .
And when you stood up before the American people multiple times and said you would broadcast the health care debates on C - SPAN , you did n’t .
I was disappointed , and I think a lot of Americans were disappointed .
You said you were n’t going to allow lobbyists in the senior - most positions within your administration , and yet you did .
I applauded you when you said it , and disappointed when you did n’t .
You said you ’d go line by line through the health care debate — or through the health care bill .
And there were six of us , including Dr. Phil Roe , who sent you a letter and said , “ We would like to take you up on that offer .
We ’d like to come . ”
We never heard a letter .
We never got a call .
We were never involved in any of those discussions .
And when you said in the House of Representatives that you were going to tackle earmarks , and , in fact , you did n’t want to have any earmarks in any of your bills , I jumped up out of my seat and applauded you .
But it did n’t happen .
More importantly , I want to talk about moving forward , but if we can address …
OBAMA : Well , how about — yes …
( CROSSTALK )
CHAFFETZ : I ’d certainly appreciate it .
OBAMA : That was a long list .
So the …
( LAUGHTER )
Let me — let me respond .
Look , the truth of the matter is that if you look at the health care process — just over the course of the year — overwhelmingly the majority of it actually was on C - SPAN , because it was taking place in congressional hearings in which guys were participating .
OBAMA : I mean , the — how many committees were there that helped to shape this bill ?
Countless hearings took place .
Now , I kicked it off , by the way , with a meeting with many of you , including your key leadership .
What is true , there ’s no doubt about it , is that once it got through the committee process and there were now a series of meetings taking place all over the Capitol trying to figure out how to get the thing together , that was a messy process .
And I take responsibility for not having structured it in a way where it was all taking place in one place that could be filmed .
How to do that logistically would not have been as easy as — as it sounds because you ’re shuttling back and forth between the House , the Senate , different offices , et cetera , different legislators .
But I think it ’s a legitimate criticism .
So on that one , I take responsibility .
With respect to earmarks , we did n’t have earmarks in the Recovery Act .
You know , we did n’t get a lot of credit for it , but there were no earmarks in that .
I was confronted at the beginning of my term with an omnibus package that did have a lot of earmarks from Republicans and Democrats , and a lot of people in this chamber .
And the question was , was I going to have a big budget fight at a time when I was still trying to figure out whether or not the financial system was melting down and we had to make a whole bunch of emergency decisions about the economy .
So what I said was let ’s keep them to a minimum , but I could n’t excise them all .
Now , the challenge , I guess , I would have for you as a freshman is what are you doing inside your caucus to make sure that I ’m not the only guy who ’s responsible for this stuff , so that we ’re working together .
Because this is going to be a process .
You know , when we talk about earmarks , I think all of us are willing to acknowledge that some of them are perfectly defensible , good projects .
It ’s just they have n’t gone through the regular appropriations process in the full light of day .
So one place to start is to make sure that they are at least transparent ; that everybody knows what ’s there before we — we move forward .
In terms of lobbyists , I can stand here unequivocally and say that there has not been an administration who was tougher on making sure that lobbyists were n’t participating in the administration than any administration that ’s come before us .
Now , what we did was if there were lobbyists who were on boards and commissions that were carryovers and their term had n’t completed , we did n’t kick them off .
OBAMA : We simply said that moving forward , any time a new slot opens , they ’re being replaced .
So we ’ve actually been very consistent in making sure that we are eliminating the impact of lobbyists , day in - day out , on how this administration operates .
There have been a handful of waivers where somebody is highly skilled ; for example , a doctor who ran Tobacco - Free Kids technically is a registered lobbyist , on the other hand , has more expertise than anybody in figuring out how kids do n’t get hooked on cigarettes .
So there have been a couple of instances like that , but generally we ’ve been very consistent on that front .
OK ?
CHAFFETZ : Thank you .
PENCE : Marcia Blackburn , Tennessee ?
OBAMA : Hey .
BLACKBURN : Thank you , Mr. President .
And thank you for acknowledging that we have ideas on health care .
Because , indeed , we do have ideas .
We have plans .
We have over 50 bills .
We have lots of amendments that would bring health care ideas to the forefront .
We would — we ’ve got plans to lower cost , to change purchasing models , address medical liability , insurance accountability , chronic and preexisting conditions , and access to affordable care for those with those conditions , insurance portability , expanded access , but not doing it with creating more government , more bureaucracy and more cost for the American taxpayer .
And we look forward to sharing those ideas with you .
We want to work with you on health reform and making certain that we do it in an affordable , cost - effective way that is going to reduce bureaucracy , reduce government interference and reduce costs to individuals and to taxpayers .
And if those good ideas are n’t making it to you , maybe it ’s the House Democrat leadership that is an impediment instead of a conduit .
OBAMA : Well , no …
( CROSSTALK ) BLACKBURN :
But we ’re concerned also that there are lessons learned from public option health care plans that maybe are not being heeded .
And certainly in my state of Tennessee , we were the test case for public option health care in 1994 .
And our Democrat government has even cautioned that maybe our experiences there would provide some lessons learned that should be heeded and would provide guidance for us to go forward .
BLACKBURN : And as you said , what we should be doing is tossing old ideas out , bad ideas out , and moving forward and refining good ideas .
And certainly we would welcome that opportunity .
So my question to you is , when will we look forward to starting anew and sitting down with you to put all of these ideas on the table , to look at these lessons learned , to benefit from that experience , and to produce a product that is going to reduce government interference , reduce cost and be fair to the American taxpayer ?
( LAUGHTER )
OBAMA : Actually , I ’ve gotten many of your ideas .
I ’ve taken a look at them , even before I was handed this .
Some of the ideas we have embraced and are in our package .
Some of them are embraced with caveats .
So let me give you an example .
I think one of the proposals that has been focused on by the Republicans as a way to reduce costs is allowing insurance companies to sell across state lines .
We actually include that as part of our approach .
But the caveat is we ’ve got to do so with some minimum standards , because otherwise what happens is that you could have insurance companies circumvent a whole bunch of state regulations about , you know , basic benefits or what have you ; making sure that a woman is able to get mammograms as part of preventive care , for example .
Part of what could happen is insurance companies could go into states and cherry - pick and just get those who are healthiest and leave behind those who are least healthy , which would raise everybody ’s premiums who were n’t healthy , right ?
So it ’s not that many of these ideas are n’t workable , but we have to refine them to make sure that they do n’t just end up worsening the situation for folks rather than making it better .
Now , what I said at the State of the Union is what I still believe .
If you can show me and if I get confirmation from health care experts , people who know the system and how it works , including doctors and nurses , ways of reducing people ’s premiums , covering those who do not have insurance , making it more affordable for small businesses , having insurance reforms that ensure people have insurance even when they ’ve got preexisting conditions , that their coverage is not dropped just because they ’re sick , that young people right out of college or as they ’re entering in the workforce can still get health insurance — if those component parts are things that you care about and want to do , I ’m game .
OBAMA : And I ’ve got — and I ’ve got a lot of these ideas .
The last thing I will say , though — let me say this about health care and the health care debate because I think it also bears on a whole lot of other issues .
If you look at the package that we ’ve presented — and there ’s some stray cats and dogs that got in there that we were eliminating — we were in the process of eliminating .
For example — for example , you know , we said from the start that — that it was going to be important for us to be consistent in saying to people if you can have your — if you want to keep the health insurance you ’ve got , you can keep it ; that you ’re not going to have anybody getting in between you and your doctor in your decisionmaking .
And I think that some of the provisions that got snuck in might have violated that pledge .
And so we were — we were in the process of scrubbing this and making sure that it ’s tight .
But at its core , if you look at the basic proposal that we put forward , it has an exchange so that businesses and the self - employed can buy into a pool and can get bargaining power the same way big companies do , the insurance reforms that I ’ve already discussed , making sure that there ’s choice and competition for those who do n’t have health insurance .
The component parts of this thing are pretty similar to what Howard Baker , Bob Dole and Tom Daschle proposed at the beginning of this debate last year .
Now , you may not agree with Bob Dole and Howard Baker and Tom — and certainly you do n’t agree with Tom Daschle on much …
( LAUGHTER )
… but that ’s not a radical bunch .
But if you were to listen to the debate , and , frankly , how some of you went after this bill , you ’d think that this thing was some Bolshevik plot .
( LAUGHTER )
No , I mean , that ’s how you guys — that ’s how you guys presented it .
( APPLAUSE )
And so I ’m thinking to myself , “ Well , how is it that a plan that is pretty centrist … ”
( LAUGHTER )
No , look , I mean , I ’m just saying — I know you guys disagree , but if you look at the facts of this bill , most independent observers would say this is actually what many Republicans — it — it ’s similar to what many Republicans proposed to Bill Clinton when he was doing his debate on health care .
So all I ’m saying is we ’ve got to close the gap a little bit between the rhetoric and the reality .
I ’m not suggesting that we ’re going to agree on everything , whether it ’s on health care or energy or what have you , but if the way these issues are being presented by the Republicans is that this is some wild - eyed plot to impose huge government in every aspect of our lives , what happens is you guys then do n’t have a lot of room to negotiate with me .
I mean , the fact of the matter is is that many of you , if you voted with the administration on something , are politically vulnerable in your own base , in your own party .
You ’ve given yourselves very little room to work in a bipartisan fashion because what you ’ve been telling your constituents is , “ This guy ’s doing all kinds of crazy stuff that ’s going to destroy America . ”
OBAMA : And I — I would just say that we have to think about tone .
It ’s not just on your side , by the way .
It ’s — it ’s on our side as well .
This is part of what ’s happened in our politics , where we demonize the other side so much that when it comes to actually getting things done , it becomes tough to do .
Mike ?
PENCE : Dr. Tom Price from Georgia ?
And then we ’ll have one more after that , if your time permits , Mr. President .
OBAMA : You know , I ’m having fun .
( LAUGHTER )
This is great .
( APPLAUSE )
PENCE : So are we .
Tom Price , Georgia ?
PRICE : Thank you .
I want to stick on — on the general topic of health care , but ask a very specific question .
You have repeatedly said , most recently at — at the State of the Union , that Republicans have offered no ideas and no solutions , in spite of the fact …
OBAMA : I do n’t think I said that .
What I said was within the context of health care — I remember that speech pretty well .
It was only two days ago .
( LAUGHTER )
I said I ’d welcome ideas that you might provide .
I did n’t say that you have n’t provided ideas .
I said I ’d welcome those ideas that you ’ll provide .
PRICE : Mr. President , multiple times from your administration there have come statements that Republicans have no ideas and no solutions , in spite of that fact that we ’ve offered , as demonstrated today , positive solutions to all of the challenges we face , including energy and the economy and health care .
Specifically , in the area of health care , this bill , H.R. 3400 , that has more cosponsors than any health care bill in the House .
It is a bill that would provide health coverage for all Americans , would correct the significant insurance challenges of portability and preexisting , would solve the lawsuit abuse issue , which is n’t addressed significantly in the other proposals that went through the House and the Senate , would write into law that medical decisions are made between patients and families and doctors , and does all of that without raising taxes by a penny .
But my specific question is , what should we tell our constituents who know that Republicans have offered positive solutions to the challenges that Americans face and yet continue to hear out of the administration that we ’ve offered nothing ?
OBAMA : Tell them I — look , I have to say , that on the — let ’s just take the health care debate .
And it ’s probably not constructive for us to try to debate a particular bill .
This is n’t the venue to do it .
But if you say that we can offer coverage for all Americans and it wo n’t cost a penny , that ’s just not true .
You ca n’t structure a bill where suddenly 30 million people have coverage and it costs nothing .
If …
( CROSSTALK )
PRICE : … and I understand that we ’re not interested in debating this bill .
OBAMA : Sir…
PRICE : But what should we tell our constituents , who know that we ’ve offered these solutions , and yet hear from the administration that — that we have offered nothing ?
OBAMA : Let me —
I ’m using this as a specific example , so let me answer your question .
You asked a question , I want to answer it .
OBAMA : It ’s not enough , if you say , for example , that we ’ve offered a health care plan and I look up — this is just under the section that you ’ve just provided me — or the book that you ’ve just provided me , “ Summary of GOP Health Care Reform Bill . ”
“ The GOP plan will lower health care premiums for American families and small businesses , addressing America ’s number one priority for health reform . ”
I mean , that ’s an idea that we all embrace .
But specifically it ’s got to work .
I mean , there ’s got to be a mechanism in these plans that I can go to an independent health care expert and say , “ Is this something that will actually work or is it boilerplate ? ”
You know , if I ’m told , for example , that the solution to dealing with health care costs is tort reform , something that I ’ve said I am willing to work with you on , but the CBO or other experts say to me , you know , “ At best , this could reduce health care costs relative to where they ’re growing by a couple of percentage points or save $ 5 billion a year , that ’s what we can score it at , and it will not bend the cost curve long term or reduce premiums significantly , ” then you ca n’t make the claim that that ’s the only thing that we have to do .
If we ’re going to do multi-state insurance so that people can go across state lines , I ’ve got to be able to go to an independent health care expert , Republican or Democrat , who can tell me that this wo n’t result in cherry - picking of the healthiest going to some and the least healthy being worse off .
So I am absolutely committed to working with you on these issues .
But it ca n’t just be political assertions that are n’t substantiated when it comes to the actual details of policy , because otherwise we ’re going to be selling the American people a bill of goods .
I mean , the easiest thing for me to do on the health care debate would have been to tell people that , “ What you ’re going to get is guaranteed health insurance , lower your costs , all the insurance reforms , we ’re going to lower the cost of Medicare and Medicaid , and it wo n’t cost anybody anything . ”
That ’s great politics .
It ’s just not true .
OBAMA : So there ’s got to be some test of realism in any of these proposals , mine included .
I ’ve got to hold myself accountable , and I guarantee the American people will hold themselves — will hold me accountable if what I ’m selling does n’t actually deliver .
PENCE : Mr. President , a point of clarification .
What ’s in the “ Better Solutions ” book are all the legislative proposals that were offered …
OBAMA : Oh , I understand .
I ’ve actually read your bills .
PENCE : … throughout 2009 .
OBAMA : I understand .
PENCE : And so rest assured the summary document that you received is backed up by precisely the kind of detailed legislation that Speaker Pelosi and your administration have been busy ignoring for 12 months .
OBAMA : Well , Mike , hold on , hold on a second .
( APPLAUSE )
No , no , no , no , no .
Hold on a second guys .
( APPLAUSE )
You know , Mike , I ’ve read your legislation .
I mean , I take a look at this stuff .
And the good ideas we take .
But here — here ’s the thing , here ’s the thing , I guess , that all of us have to be mindful of .
It ca n’t be all - or - nothing one way or the other , all right ?
You — you — and what I mean by that is this .
If we put together a stimulus package in which a third of it are tax cuts that normally you guys would support , and support for states and the unemployed and helping people stay on COBRA that your governors certainly would support , Democrat or Republican .
And then you ’ve got some infrastructure , and maybe there ’s some things in there that you do n’t like in terms of infrastructure , or you think the bill should have been $ 500 billion instead of $ 700 billion , or there ’s this provision or that provision that you do n’t like .
If there ’s uniform opposition because the Republican caucus does n’t get 100 percent or 80 percent of what you want , then it ’s going to be hard to get a deal done .
That ’s because that ’s not how democracy works .
So my hope would be that we can look at some of these components parts of what we ’re doing , and maybe we break some of them up on different policy issues .
So if the good congressman from Utah has a particular issue on lobbying reform that he wants to work with us on , we may not be able to agree on a comprehensive package on everything , but there may be some component parts that we can work on .
OBAMA : You may not support our overall jobs package , but if you look at the tax credit that we ’re proposing for small businesses right now , it is consistent with a lot of what you guys have said in the past .
And just the fact that it ’s my administration that ’s proposing it should n’t prevent you from supporting it .
That ’s my point .
PENCE : Thank you , Mr. President .
Peter Roskam from the great state of Illinois ?
OBAMA : Oh , Peter ’s an old friend of mine .
ROSKAM : Hey , Mr. President .
OBAMA : Peter and I have had many debates .
( LAUGHTER )
ROSKAM : Well , this wo n’t be one .
Mr. President , I heard echoes today of the state senator that I served with in Springfield , and there was an attribute and a characteristic that you had that I think served you well there .
You took on some very controversial subjects : death penalty reform .
I — you and I …
OBAMA : We worked on it together .
ROSKAM : … negotiated on .
OBAMA : Yes .
ROSKAM : You took on ethics reform .
You took on some big things .
One of the keys was you rolled your sleeves up , you worked with the other party , and ultimately you were able to make the deal .
Now , here ’s an observation .
Over the past year , in my view , that attribute has n’t been in full bloom .
And by that I mean , you ’ve gotten the subtext of House Republicans that sincerely want to come and be a part of this national conversation toward solutions , but they ’ve really been stiff - armed by Speaker Pelosi .
Now , I know you ’re not in charge of that chamber , but there really is this dynamic of , frankly , being shut out .
When John Boehner and Eric Cantor presented last February to you some substantive job creation , our stimulus alternative , the attack machine began to marginalize Eric — and we can all look at the articles — as Mr. No .
And there was this pretty dark story , ultimately , that was n’t productive and was n’t within this sort of framework that you ’re articulating today .
So here ’s the question : Moving forward — I think all of us want to hit the reset button on 2009 , how do we move forward ?
And on the job creation piece in particular , you mentioned Colombia , you mentioned Panama , you mentioned South Korea .
Are you willing to work with us , for example , to make sure those FTAs get called ?
That ’s no-cost job creation .
And ultimately , as you ’re interacting with world leaders , that ’s got to put more arrows in your quiver , and that ’s a very , very powerful tool for us .
But the obstacle is , frankly , the politics within the Democratic Caucus .
OBAMA : Well , the — first of all , Peter and I did work together effectively on a whole host of issues .
One of our former colleagues is right now running for governor on the Republican side in Illinois .
OBAMA : In the Republican primary , of course , they ’re running ads of him saying nice things about me .
( LAUGHTER )
Poor guy .
( LAUGHTER )
Although , that ’s the — that ’s one of the points that I made earlier .
I mean , we ’ve got to be careful about what we say about each other sometimes because it boxes us in in ways that makes it difficult for us to work together because our constituents start believing us .
They do n’t know sometimes this is just politics , what you guys , you know , or folks on my side do sometimes .
So just a tone of civility instead of slash - and - burn would be helpful .
The problem we have sometimes is a media that responds only to slash - and - burn - style politics .
You do n’t get a lot of credit if I say , “ You know , I think Paul Ryan ’s a pretty sincere guy and has a beautiful family . ”
Nobody ’s going to run that in the newspapers , right ?
( LAUGHTER )
And by the way , in case he ’s going to get a Republican challenge , I did n’t mean it .
( LAUGHTER )
I do n’t want to — do n’t want to hurt you , man .
( LAUGHTER )
But , the — on the specifics , I think both sides can take some blame for a sour climate on Capitol Hill .
What I can do maybe to help is to try to bring Republican and Democratic leadership together on a more regular basis with me .
That ’s , I think , a failure on my part is to try to foster better communications , even if there ’s disagreement .
And — and I will try to see if we can do more of that this year .
That ’s on the — sort of , the general issue .
On the specific issue of trade , you ’re right .
There are conflicts within and fissures within the Democratic Party .
I suspect there probably are going to be some fissures within the Republican Party as well .
I mean , you know , if you went to some of your constituencies , they ’d be pretty suspicious about it — new trade agreements , because the suspicion is somehow they ’re all one - way .
So part of what we ’ve been trying to do is make sure that we ’re getting the enforcement side of this tight ; make sure that if we ’ve got a trade agreement with China or other countries , that they are abiding with it , they ’re not stealing our intellectual property , we ’re making sure that their non-tariff barriers are lowered , even as ours are opened up .
OBAMA : And my hope is is that we can move forward with some of these trade agreements , having built some confidence , not just among particular constituency groups , but among the American people , that trade is going to be reciprocal , that it ’s not just going to be a one - way street .
You are absolutely right , though , Peter , when you say , for example , South Korea is a great ally of ours .
I mean , when I visited there , there ’s no country that is more committed to friendship on a whole range of fronts than South Korea .
What is also true is that the European Union is about to sign a trade agreement with South Korea , which means right at the moment when they start opening up their markets , the Europeans might get in there before we do .
So we ’ve got to make sure that we seize these opportunities .
I will be talking more about trade this year .
It ’s going to have to be trade that combines opening their markets with an enforcement mechanism , as well as just opening up our markets .
I think that ’s something that all of us would agree on .
Let ’s see if we can execute it over the next several years .
All right ?
Is that it ?
PENCE : Jeb Hensarling of Texas , and that ’ll be it , Mr. President .
OBAMA : Jim’s ( sic ) going to wrap things up ?
PENCE : Yes , sir .
OBAMA : All right .
HENSARLING : Jeb , Mr. President .
OBAMA : How are you ?
HENSARLING : I ’m doing well .
Mr. President , a year ago I had an opportunity to speak to you about the national debt .
And something that you and I have in common is we both have small children .
And I left that conversation really feeling you ’re sincere commitment to ensuring that our children , our nation ’s children do not inherit an unconscionable debt .
We know that under current law that government — the cost of government is due to grow from 20 percent of our economy to 40 percent of our economy right about the time our children are leaving college and getting that first job .
Mr. President , shortly after that conversation a year ago , the Republicans proposed a budget that ensured that government did not grow beyond the historical standard of 20 percent of GDP .
It was a budget that actually froze immediately non-defense discretionary spending .
It spent $ 5 trillion less than ultimately what was enacted into law .
And unfortunately , I believe that budget was ignored .
And since that budget was ignored , what were the old annual deficits under Republicans have now become the monthly deficits under Democrats .
The national debt has increased 30 percent .
Now , Mr. President , I know you believe — and I understand the argument ; I respect the view — that the spending is necessary due to the recession .
Many of us believe , frankly , it ’s part of the problem , not part of the solution , but I understand and I respect your view .
HENSARLING : But this is what I do n’t understand , Mr. President .
After that discussion , your administration proposed a budget that would triple the national debt over the next 10 years .
Surely you do n’t believe 10 years from now we will still be mired in this recession .
It proposed new entitlement spending and moved the — the cost of government to almost 24.5 percent of the economy .
Now , very soon , Mr. President , you ’re due to submit a new budget and my question …
OBAMA : Jim ( sic ) , I know there ’s a question in there somewhere , because you ’re making a whole bunch of assertions , half of which I disagree with .
( LAUGHTER )
And I ’m having to sit here listening to them .
At some point , I know you ’re going to let me answer .
HENSARLING : That ’s …
OBAMA : All right .
HENSARLING : That ’s the question .
You are soon to submit a new budget , Mr. President .
Will that new budget , like your old budget , triple the national debt and continue to take us down the path of increasing the cost of government to almost 25 percent of our economy ?
That ’s the question , Mr. President .
OBAMA : All right .
Jim ( sic ) , with all due respect , I ’ve just got to take this last question as an example of how it ’s very hard to have the kind of bipartisan work that we ’re going to do , because the whole question was structured as a talking point for running — running a campaign .
Now , look , let ’s talk about the budget , once again , because I ’ll go through it with you line by line .
The fact of the matter is , is that when we came into office , the deficit was $ 1.3 trillion .
$ 1.3 trillion .
So — so when you say that suddenly I ’ve got a monthly budget that is higher than the annual — or a monthly deficit that ’s higher than the annual deficit left by Republicans , that ’s factually just not true , and you know it ’s not true .
And what is true is that we came in already with a $ 1.3 trillion deficit before I had passed any law .
What is true is , we came in with $ 8 trillion worth of debt over the next decade .
Had nothing to do with anything that we had done .
It had to do with the fact that in 2000 , when there was a budget surplus of $ 200 billion , you had a Republican administration and a Republican Congress , and we had two tax cuts that were n’t paid for , you had a prescription drug plan — the biggest entitlement plan , by the way , in several decades — that was passed , without it being paid for , you had two wars that were done through supplementals , and then you had $ 3 trillion projected because of the lost revenue of this recession .
OBAMA : That ’s $ 8 trillion .
Now , we increased it by $ 1 trillion because of the spending that we had to make on the stimulus .
I am happy to have any independent factchecker out there take a look at your presentation versus mine in terms of the accuracy of what I just said .
( CROSSTALK )
OBAMA : Now , going forward , here ’s the deal .
I think Paul , for example , head of the Budget Committee , has looked at the budget and has made a serious proposal .
I ’ve read it .
I can tell you what ’s in it .
And there are some ideas in there that I would agree with , but there are some ideas that we should have a healthy debate about , because I do n’t agree with them .
The major driver of our long - term liabilities , everybody here knows , is Medicare and Medicaid and our health care spending .
Nothing comes close .
Social Security we could probably fix the same way Tip O’Neill and Ronald Reagan sat down together and they could figure something out .
That is manageable .
Medicare and Medicaid , massive problem down the road .
That ’s where — that ’s — that ’s going to be what our children have to worry about .
Now , Paul ’s approach , and I do n’t —
I want to be careful not simplifying this , because I know you ’ve got — you ’ve got a lot of detail in your plan — but , if I understand it correctly , would say we ’re going to provide vouchers of some sort for current Medicare recipients at the current level .
No ?
( CROSSTALK )
OBAMA : 55 and — well , no , I understand .
I mean , there ’s a grandfathering in , but just for future beneficiaries .
Right ?
That ’s why I said I did n’t want to — I want to make sure that I ’m not being unfair to your proposal , but I just want to point out that I ’ve — I ’ve read it .
And the basic idea would be that at some point , we hold Medicare costs per recipient constant as a way of making sure that that does n’t go way out of — way out of whack .
And I ’m sure there are some details that …
RYAN : ( inaudible ) a blend of inflation and health inflation .
The point of our plan is because Medicare , as you know , is a $ 38 trillion unfunded liability …
OBAMA : Right .
RYAN : … it has to be reformed for younger generations , because it wo n’t exist because it ’s going bankrupt .
And the premise of our idea is , look , why not give people the same kind of health care plan we here have in Congress ?
That ’s the kind of reform we ’re proposing for Medicare .
( APPLAUSE )
OBAMA : Well , look , as I ’ve said before , this is an entirely legitimate proposal .
The problem is two - fold .
One is that , depending on how it ’s structured , if recipients are suddenly getting a plan that has their reimbursement rates going like this , but health care costs are still going up like that , then over time the way we ’re saving money is essentially by capping what they are getting relative to their costs .
OBAMA : Now , I just want to point out — and this brings me to the second problem — when we made a very modest proposal as part of our package — our health care reform package to eliminate the subsidies going to insurance companies for Medicare Advantage , we were attacked across the board by many on your aisle for slashing Medicare .
You remember ?
“ We ’re going to start cutting benefits for seniors . ”
That was — that was the story that was perpetrated out there ; scared the dickens out of a lot of seniors .
( CROSSTALK )
OBAMA : No — no , but here ’s my point .
If the main question is going to be what do we do about Medicare costs , any proposal that Paul makes will be painted factually from the perspective of those who disagree with it as cutting benefits over the long term .
Paul , I do n’t think you disagree with that — that — that there is a political vulnerability to doing anything that tinkers with Medicare .
And that ’s probably the biggest savings that are obtained through Paul ’s plan .
And I raise that not because we should n’t have a serious discussion about it .
I raise that because we ’re not going to be able to do anything about any of these entitlements if what we do is characterize whatever proposals are put out there as , “ Well , you know , that ’s — the other party ’s being irresponsible .
The other party is trying to hurt our senior citizens .
That the other party is doing X , Y , Z . ”
That ’s why I say if we ’re going to frame these debates in ways that allow us to solve them , then we ca n’t start off by figuring out , A , who ’s to blame ; B , how can we make the American people afraid of the other side .
And unfortunately , that ’s how our politics works right now , and that ’s how a lot of our discussion works .
That ’s how we start off .
Every time somebody speaks in Congress , the first thing they do , they stand up and all the talking points — I see Frank Luntz up here sitting in the front .
OBAMA : He ’s — he ’s already polled it …
( LAUGHTER )
… and he said , you know , “ The way you ’re really going to — I ’ve done a focus group , and , you know , the way we ’re going to really box in Obama on this one or make Pelosi look bad on that one ” — I know — I like Frank .
We ’ve had conversations between Frank and I .
But that ’s how we operate .
It ’s all tactics , and it ’s not solving problems .
And so the question is , at what point can we have a serious conversation about Medicare and its long - term liability , or a serious question about — a serious conversation about Social Security , or a serious conversation about budget and debt in which we ’re not simply trying to position ourselves politically .
That ’s what I ’m committed to doing .
We wo n’t agree all the time in getting it done , but I ’m committed to doing it .
( UNKNOWN ) : Mr. President , take one more ?
OBAMA : I ’ve already gone over time .
PENCE : He ’s gone way over …
( CROSSTALK )
OBAMA : I ’ll be happy to take your question , Congressman , off - line .
You can give me a call , all right ?
Thank you , everybody .
God bless you .
God bless the United States of America .
Thank you , everybody .
( APPLAUSE )
Legislative Campaigns
We are bipartisan and focused like a laser on one single issue : protecting children .
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Haiti —
The capital largely has been destroyed in the most powerful earthquake to hit the country in about 240 years .
Associated Press journalists described severe and widespread casualties after a tour of streets where blood and bodies could be seen .
The damage is staggering even in a country accustomed to tragedy and disaster .
AP reporters say the National Palace is a crumbled ruin , and tens of thousands of people are homeless .
Many gravely injured people were sitting in the street , pleading for doctors , hours after the quake .
In public squares , thousands of people were singing hymns and holding hands .
The 7.0 - magnitude quake struck at 4:53 p.m. Tuesday , leaving large numbers of people missing .
Communications were widely disrupted , making it impossible to get a full picture of damage as powerful aftershocks shook a desperately poor nation where many buildings are flimsy .
Electricity was out in some places .
Karel Zelenka , a Catholic Relief Services representative in Port-au - Prince , told U.S. colleagues before phone service failed that “ there must be thousands of people dead , ” according to spokeswoman Sara Fajardo .
“ He reported that it was just total disaster and chaos , that there were clouds of dust surrounding Port - au - Prince , ” Fajardo said from the group ’s offices in Maryland .
“ Serious loss of life ”
State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said in Washington that embassy personnel “ reported structures down .
They reported a lot of walls down .
They did see a number of bodies in the street and on the sidewalk that had been hit by debris .
So clearly , there ’s going to be serious loss of life in this . ”
An Associated Press videographer saw the wrecked hospital in Petionville , a hillside Port - au - Prince district that is home to many diplomats and wealthy Haitians , as well as many poor people .
The U.N. peacekeeping mission ’s headquarters fell and a large number of U.N. workers were missing , the peacekeeping chief said late Tuesday .
Alain Le Roy told reporters that U.N. troops , mostly from Brazil , were surrounding the wreckage of the five - story building trying to rescue people , but “ as we speak no one has been rescued from this main headquarters . ”
Elsewhere in the capital , a U.S. government official reported seeing houses that had tumbled into a ravine .
Denver resident Karen Ashmore is executive director of the Lambi Fund of Haiti , a nonprofit that helps Haitians with sustainable development projects .
She said her group had real difficulty reaching Haiti on Tuesday .
“ The only things that have been reliable has been Twitter and Facebook , the social - networking sites , ” she said .
“ A few of our board members have satellite phones , but there are n’t that many satellite phones in Haiti .
An estimated 200 Haitians live in the metro Denver area , she said .
“ We ’re not first - responders like the Red Cross .
We ’re not aid people .
We ’re second - responders .
We help people rebuild .
And there ’s going to be plenty of that , ” she said .
Person wishing to donate may contact her at lambifund.org .
Kenson Calixte of Boston spoke to an uncle and a cousin in Port - au - Prince by phone shortly after the quake .
He could hear screaming in the background as his relatives described a frantic scene in the streets .
His uncle said a small hotel near their home had collapsed with people inside .
“ They told me it was total chaos , a lot of devastation , ” Calixte said .
Envoy loses contact
Haiti’s ambassador to the U.S. , Raymond Joseph , said from his Washington office that he spoke to President Rene Preval ’s chief of staff , Fritz Longchamp , just after the quake hit .
He said Longchamp told him that “ buildings were crumbling right and left ” near the national palace .
He had not been able to get through by phone to Haiti since .
The earthquake had a preliminary magnitude of 7.0 and was centered about 10 miles west of Port - au - Prince at a depth of 5 miles , the U.S. Geological Survey said .
USGS geophysicist Kristin Marano called it the strongest earthquake since 1770 in what is now Haiti .
In 1946 , a magnitude - 8.1 quake struck the Dominican Republic and also shook Haiti , producing a tsunami that killed 1,790 people .
Most of Haiti’s 9 million people are desperately poor , and after years of political instability , the nation has no real construction standards .
In November 2008 , following the collapse of a school in Petionville , the mayor of Port - au - Prince estimated that 60 percent of the buildings were shoddily built and unsafe in normal circumstances .
President Barack Obama ordered U.S. officials to start preparing humanitarian assistance .
The Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance will be assembling a team to send to Haiti , Crowley said , including search - and - rescue experts .
“ Communication is absolutely impossible , ” said Felix Augustin , Haiti ’s consul general in New York .
“ I ’ve been trying to call my ministry , and I can not get through .
. . .
It ’s mind - boggling . ”
Denver Post staff writer Mike McPhee contributed to this report .
Hotline for family
The State Department has set up a hotline for Americans seeking information about family members in Haiti .
The toll - free number is 888-407-4747 .
Some callers may receive a recording because of heavy call volume .
Meanwhile , aid agencies , including the Red Cross , are mobilizing to move aid and rescuers to Haiti as quickly as possible .
The Associated Press
( NaturalNews )
A stroke occurs when the blood supply to part of the brain is suddenly blocked by a blood clot or when a blood vessel in the brain bursts , driving blood into the spaces surrounding brain cells , or neurons .
The result can be brain damage that leaves stroke survivors with disabilities ranging from one - sided paralysis or weakness to problems with thinking , attention , memory and learning .
But new research by Ohio State University scientists set for publication in an upcoming edition of theconcludes a specific type of vitamin E known as tocotrienol ( TCT ) could prevent brain cells from dying after a stroke .
Tocopherols are the best - known form of vitamin E and the kind usually found in supplements .
However , the vitamin occurs naturally in seven other different forms , including TCT .
Although not widely found in the typical American diet , it is common in foods that comprise a typical Southeast Asian diet .
Food sources of TCT include rice bran oil , barley , wheat germ and oats .
" Our research suggests that the different forms of natural vitamin E have distinct functions .
The relatively poorly studied tocotrienol form of natural vitamin E targets specific pathways to protect against neural cell death and rescues the brain after stroke injury , " Chandan Sen , professor and vice chair for research in Ohio State 's Department of Surgery and senior author of the study , said in a statement to the media .
Over the past decade , the Ohio State University research team has studied how this form of vitamin E protects the brain in animal and cell models .
But according to Dr. Sen , their new study provides specific details about how that protection works .
Bottom line : they 've identified an enzyme called ( cPLA2 , for short ) that tocotrienol targets to protect neurons after a stroke " We have studied an enzyme that is present all the time , but one that is activated after a stroke in a way that causes neurodegeneration .
We found that it can be put in check by very low levels of tocotrienol , " Dr. Sen said .
" So what we have here is a naturally derived nutrient , rather than a drug , that provides this beneficial impact .
"
The researchers explained that the blocked blood flow to the brain associated with a stroke causes an excess of the neurotransmitter glutamate to be released .
In normal amounts , glutamate is beneficial and important for memory and learning .
But when produced in large amounts due to the brain trauma of a stroke , it triggers a cascade of reactions that leads to the death of neurons and causes the most serious stroke damage .
For their study , Dr. Sen and colleagues took cells from the hippocampus region of developing mouse brains and added excess glutamate to produce the type of changes seen in the brain after a stroke .
In the presence of excess glutamate , the cPLA2 enzyme released a fatty acid called arachidonic acid which normally helps maintain the stability of health cell membranes .
Under stroke conditions , however , with high levels of glutamate present , arachidonic acid undergoes an enzymatic chemical reaction that makes it toxic -- then brain cells are poisoned and start to die .
But when the researchers added tocotrienol to the cells that had been exposed to excess glutamate , the vitamin E decreased the release of fatty acids by 60 percent when compared to cells exposed to glutamate alone .
What 's more , the brain cells treated with the TCT form of vitamin E were about four times more likely to survive than brain cells exposed to glutamate alone .
In the press statement , Dr. Sen noted that the amount of TCT needed to achieve these brain cell protecting effects is quite small -- a concentration about 10 times lower than the average amount of tocotrienol circulating in humans who consume this form of vitamin E regularly .
The Ohio State University researchers intend to continue their research to see if TCT can successfully prevent and treat strokes in humans .
NaturalNews is opposed to the use of animals in medical experiments that expose them to harm .
We present these findings in protest of the way in which they were acquired .
In a big move forward for sustainable seafood , Target has announced they will no longer use farmed salmon in the food brands they own ;
Target Owned Food Brands Will Feature Only Wild - Caught Alaskan Salmon
MINNEAPOLIS , Jan. 26 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ --
Target® today announces that it has eliminated all farmed salmon from its fresh , frozen , and smoked seafood offerings in Target stores nationwide .
This announcement includes Target owned brands – Archer Farms ® and Market Pantry ® – and national brands .
All salmon sold under Target owned brands will now be wild - caught Alaskan salmon .
Additionally , sushi featuring farm - raised salmon will complete its transition to wild - caught salmon by the end of 2010 .
In consultation with the Monterey Bay Aquarium , Target is taking this important step to ensure that its salmon offerings are sourced in a sustainable way that helps to preserve abundance , species health and does n't harm local habitats .
This is good news and is a feather in the cap for the Monterey Bay Aquarium , which has a program called Seafood Watch .
It 's an extensive collection of information about sustaining seafood population .
From a lesson about fish farming to a downloadable guide for purchasing sustainable seafood , the program is a great source of information , and an influence on the marketplace .
I would love to see Target take this one step forward with an ad campaign .
For now though , it 's a good step forward for sustainable seafood .
ARAMARK has been working with the Seafood Watch program since 2008 .
JERUSALEM ( Agence France - Presse )  Israeli warplanes killed three Islamic militants on Sunday , Israeli and Palestinian officials said , and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned that the military would respond harshly to rocket and mortar fire from Gaza .
The airstrike struck a group of gunmen in the central Gaza Strip , killing them with an air - to - ground missile , Palestinian medics said .
The Israeli military said the three militants were hit “ as they were preparing to fire rockets into Israel . ”
The air raid , east of Deir el - Balah in central Gaza , followed a period of relative calm since Israel ended an offensive into Gaza a year ago in response to rocket fire .
It came hours after four mortar rounds hit southern Israel , though without causing casualties .
Mr. Netanyahu warned earlier on Sunday that Israel would react quickly to any renewed rocket and mortar attacks from Gaza , which is governed by the Islamist movement Hamas .
He said more than 20 rockets and mortar shells had been fired in the past week .
The 2010 Gulf Air Bahrain Grand Prix will take place on a new track layout , which will extend the existing 5.412 km circuit to 6.299 km .
This will offer drivers a series of new corners .
The new loop will sweep left as the cars accelerate out of the existing Turn 4 and take them into a fast flowing right - hander before a complex sequence of five bends brings them back towards the original circuit .
From here they will accelerate through a left - right kink before a tight and challenging hairpin brings them back on to the existing circuit , adding eight new corners .
“ The loop was completed in 2006 as part of the built - in evolution of the venue for competitors and fans , ” said Zayed R. Alzayani , chairman of the Bahrain International Circuit .
“ We gave it its debut with the inaugural 24 Hour Race of Bahrain that same year where it proved extremely successful , and with the changes to the regulations , the teams and the driver line - ups in Formula
One this year it is the perfect time to evolve the circuit with this new challenge and new overtaking opportunities . ”
“ The BIC was built to set new standards for international motor sport and Formula One is the pinnacle , ” said Shaikh Salman bin Isa Al Khalifa , Acting CEO of the Bahrain International Circuit .
“ As the sport evolves and grows it is entirely fitting that we use our unique geography and circuit design to grow with it and deliver the best racing and entertainment that we can . ”
The peacock ruffled Conan O’Brien ’s feathers — and now he ’s ready to fly the coop .
The “ Tonight Show ” host feels like the redheaded stepchild of late - night TV after NBC ’s abrupt decision to cancel Jay Leno ’s 10 p.m. experiment after just five months — and return the car - loving comic to O’Brien ’s coveted 11:35 p.m. slot .
“ This level of sh- – - iness was not expected , ” one source said .
“ He ’s done a great job for NBC .
He moved his entire staff , he moved his family to LA .
And five months later , they repay him like this ? ”
As it stands now , the source said , “ Conan would be happier somewhere else . ”
The pompadoured host has “ many options , ” including a move to Fox , which for years has been looking to create its own late - night show .
In fact , he has already spoken with Fox , The Wall Street Journal ’s Web site reported last night .
MICHAEL STARR : NBC : DON ’T LET DOOR HIT YOU …
NBC yesterday said Leno ’s 10 p.m. talk show would end on Feb. 11 , with the start of the Winter Olympics .
Network Chairman Jeff Gaspin confirmed that he was pushing a new late - night arrangement : Leno at 11:35 p.m. , hosting a half - hour show , and Conan at 12:05 a.m. hosting the one - hour “ The Tonight Show . ”
Jimmy Fallon ’s “ Late Night ” would then be pushed back to the remarkably late — or super early — hour of 1:05 a.m .
“ My goal is to keep Jay , Conan and Jimmy as our late - night lineup , ” Gaspin said .
He characterized the plan as a “ compromise ” that gives Leno what he wants — his old time slot back — and lets Conan keep the title of “ Tonight Show ” host .
“ I hope and expect that before the Winter Olympics begin , we will have everything set , ” Gaspin said .
“ I ca n’t imagine we wo n’t have everything set by then . ”
He added that all three hosts had been given the weekend to think about the changes .
But Conan , an insider said , “ may not be operating on their timetable .
He ’s not going to be stampeded .
This came out of the blue , and it will take him a while to figure out what ’s best for him . ”
O’Brien rep Leslee
Dart last night said only that “ Conan has made no decisions yet . ”
The real - life soap opera involving NBC ’s late - night personalities has been comic gold for others in the business .
NBC ’s “ Saturday Night Live ” poked fun at the suits at 30 Rock during Seth Meyer ’s “ Weekend Update ” segment .
“ It was reported Thursday that in the wake of poor ratings for ‘ The Jay Leno Show , ’ NBC will move his show back to the 11:35 time slot , and then start Conan O’Brien ’s ‘ Tonight Show ’ at midnight — though it ’s a little weird to start ‘ The Tonight Show ’ at a time when it ’s no longer ‘ tonight , ’ ” Meyers said .
Peacock executives have been fighting a losing , two - front war since giving O’Brien the “ Tonight ” job .
Not only has Leno ’s 10 p.m. show been weak , but CBS ’s “ Late Show with David Letterman ” has consistently been beating O’Brien .
In the 10 p.m. slot , NBC had nothing in development worth investing the millions it would take to rush to the air .
So it created a 10 p.m. show for Leno , without spending much money .
But “ The Jay Leno Show ” — while profitable — did n’t attract enough viewers to satisfy NBC affiliates left holding the bag with an ineffective lead - in to their 11 p.m. newscasts .
The news shows are usually the biggest moneymakers for local stations , and Gaspin said those affiliates demanded more traditional programs be put back in place .
“ I would have liked nothing more than to give this a 52 - week try , ” said Gaspin , who insisted that Leno eventually would have been a hit at 10 p.m .
“ I think , over time , it would have started to grow . ”
Gaspin said he feared more than a handful of affiliates were going to revolt by either dumping “ Leno ” or going public with complaints .
“ I asked them [ the affiliates ] how many are they talking about , because I could have lived with one or two .
But I got the sense that it was more than one or two , ” he said .
Comedy legend — and close Leno pal — Jerry Seinfeld took the side of NBC and Leno .
“ What did the network do to Conan ?
I do n’t think anyone ’s preventing people from watching Conan , ” he said during an appearance to hype his new NBC show , “ The Marriage Ref . ”
Gaspin pledged that the network was going “ back to basics ” and would fill the 10 p.m. hour with dramas , including a new version of “ Law & Order , ” set in LA .
( See TV , Page 79 . )
With David K. Li in New York and Post Wire Services
A Los Angeles Superior Court judge ordered rapper [ artist id =" 1000 " ]
Nas [ / artist ] on Wednesday to increase his monthly child - and spousal - support payments to estranged wife [ artist id = " 509603 " ] Kelis [ / artist ] and their infant son , Knight .
According to The Associated Press , Judge David Cunningham III ordered the rapper ( born Nasir Jones ) to bump up his monthly child and spousal payments to $ 51,101 , for a total of more than $ 600,000 a year .
Nas has been paying a court - mandated $ 40,000 a month since July .
The decision to increase the payments to Kelis and Knight came after a two - day hearing in which Cunningham determined that the New York MC made enough money in recent months to pay additional support .
Nas ' attorney , Mark Vincent Kaplan , said the judge made the right decision and that despite the payment bump , Nas came out ahead in the decision because he will no longer have to pay the expenses on the former couple 's Los Angeles residence .
TMZ reported that during Wednesday 's hearing , Kelis said that the couple — who announced their intention to divorce in April after a four - year marriage — attempted to reconcile in September to no avail .
She also reportedly testified that she has been having difficulty earning money because she is a new mother and does n't have a lot of job options outside of the music business .
She told the court that Nas is slated to release two albums in 2010 .
Earlier this week , Kelis , who recently signed a new record deal with Interscope through the Will .
I.Am Music Group , told MTV News that she has been working on a new album with a " futuristic disco " sound , largely inspired by her pregnancy and the birth of Knight .
By Timothy V. Gatto
Featured Writer
Dandelion Salad
liberalpro.blogspot.com
January 24 , 2010
I read about how outraged President Obama was with the Supreme Court ruling that allowed corporate money into the election campaigns without limits .
I too am outraged .
This country , for decades has been run by special interests for special interests , the public be damned .
That includes Barack Obama ’s Administration and the current Congress .
Obama is n’t guiltless when it comes to taking corporate money .
He received huge donations from Goldman Sachs , Morgan - Stanley , AIG and others .
Corporate money was fine by him as long as he was getting the lions share .
Now the Democrats have to worry about all that corporate money going to the business friendly GOP .
There ’s one way to stop this coup on democracy , and that is for Congress to introduce a law specifying campaign limits and while they are at it , take corporate “ personhood ” and throw it in the trash bin where it belongs .
I read an article that was entitled “ You never see Corporations Go to Jail ” .
How true .
It ’s a fact that corporations are set up to shield investors from bankruptcy and lawsuits .
So how can an entity have “ person hood ” and rights of “ Free Speech ” ?
It appears that in this co0untry , the only ones that are being heard are the rich .
If Obama and the Democrats do n’t stop this charade with legislation , then they better start reaching out to the left and doing things that will bring them to the polls to vote for a Democrat .
The war in Afghanistan must be stopped and most of the military bases overseas must close .
Wars for resources have got to stop .
The intrusion of the Federal Government into the right of privacy guaranteed by the Bill of Rights should be brought back by repealing the new FISA laws that allow the government to tap your phone or get inside your computer to see what websites you have visited and to read your e-mails .
Obama could take these lemons and make lemonade with them .
He could be the one we have been waiting for , all he needs to do is stand up to the corporate oligarchy that runs America .
If he so desired , he could become a populist President not unlike President Andrew Jackson .
The trick is to use the power of the Presidency to incite the people .
He may not realize it , but there are millions of us that want a return to citizen run government and want the end of this “ Security State ” that the Feds have built for us .
It does n’t take a rocket scientist to see that the American people are being pushed out of any participation in government .
When GE threw Mike Gravel off the Democratic Debates after the second one , Americans should have been up in arms .
The candidates themselves should have protested this cowardly act by GE .
When Dennis Kucinich was kicked of the Debates there should have been hell to pay .
But no , the docile Democrats went along with these corporate decisions .
It ’s true that we will lose our democracy with the results of the Supreme Court ’s ruling .
I would n’t be surprised to see some resistance from the Democrats along with their President .
If they do n’t fight this , then they will deserve what they get .
If they need help from the left , then they must ask for it .
***
Read Tim Gatto ’s new book Complicity to Contempt .
***
[ DS added the video ]
Obama Weekly Address : SCOTUS Ruling on Corporate Campaign Finance
SocialistLiberal
January 23 , 2010
***
Transcript
WEEKLY ADDRESS : President Obama Vows to Continue Standing Up to the Special Interests on Behalf of the American People | The White House .
see
Ralph Nader : Corporations never go to jail
Overrule the Court : Sign the Motion to Amend
Time to Reign in Out - of - Control Corporate Influences on Our Democracy by Ralph Nader
Alan Grayson : We Ca n’t Let Blackwater Take Over The Government
Perseverance By Timothy V. Gatto
SOME OF YOU might not be old enough to remember the farce about a decade ago about blown capacitors on motherboards .
It was a huge issue and came down to the matter of poor choice of components as the motherboard makers tried to save some cost .
Although we ’re not the first to unearth this , it now appears that a certain manufacturer has ended up with at least some board models that come with pre-rusted chokes .
Update 2 : Second part of the series here .
Now we feel that it ’s our duty to report this issue , not because we want to get the company in trouble , but because we owe it to our readers .
The matter of the fact is that the rusty chokes could cause a catastrophic failure of the motherboard they ’re fitted to and fry the CPU mounted on the socket in the motherboard .
From what we ’ve found out it seems like the issue so far is limited to a range of P43 , G31 and AMD 785G boards .
If you look at the picture above you see what the chokes should look like .
These are iron core chokes , so if you know for certain that your motherboard has ferrite core chokes ; you ’re not under any circumstances going to have this issue .
Iron core chokes are usually found on mid to low - end boards these days with higher - end models using the more expensive ferrite core chokes .
Iron core chokes are coated in a clear lacquer to prevent rust .
Iron is a metal that rusts easily and this is something that ’ll happen much faster when the iron comes in contact with moisture .
Normally this does n’t really happen inside a computer unless you live in a very damp climate .
Even so , the lacquer coating should prevent this from happening .
Take a look at the picture above and compare it to the first picture , see something different ?
Not only has the choke changed colour , but you can clearly see the rust underneath the lacquer .
Here ’s another example from a different board model that shows the same rust patterns and colour changes .
If you thought the previous pictures were bad , then think again while observing these smaller chokes from a 12 - phase motherboard .
And from above .
Here ’s a close up of these chokes , notice the bubbles .
We ’ve never come across anything like this before and it ’s fairly clear that the rust is coming from the inside of the chokes with the moisture trapped inside trying to get out .
Here ’s a slightly less severe case from an AMD chipset board .
There ’s a little bit more to this story , though .
By now we ’re sure that some of our more eagle eyed readers have figured out that Asus is the motherboard company in question .
It ’s easy to say that this is a quality control issue , but it turns out that most of these boards were manufactured some six to eight months ago .
At least some of the models wo n’t have been popular models and as such not sold at the rate they were manufactured .
This means that when the quality control was done , none of these issues would ’ve been visible .
A probable explanation to the rust is that the iron powder used to make the iron core chokes had water added to it during the milling process and the iron powder was then not dried sufficiently before the chokes were made .
The moisture trapped inside the chokes has then started to rust the chokes from the inside out during the time these boards have been sitting in the warehouse .
From what we know at the moment , this issue seems to be a local issue in Taiwan and Singapore , but it might be much more widespread than this .
The issue that we ’re having with it all is that any responsible company would pull these products off the market .
Instead we ’ve heard that Asus is actually dumping the pricing on the affected models we ’re aware of to try to clear its inventory as quickly as possible .
The models known to be affected include the P5P43TD , the P5P43TD Pro ( Intel P43 chipset ) , the P5G31D - M Pro ( Intel G31 chipset ) , the M4A785 - M and the M4A785D - M Pro ( AMD 785G chipset ) .
If you own one of these boards we ’d suggest that you visually inspect the chokes for any signs of rust and contact your reseller ASAP if you discover any , as it should be replaced under warranty .
Potentially this could be a significant RMA issue for Asus , but as we do n’t know how many boards are affected by this issue , it ’s hard to tell how big of a problem this is .
As we mentioned at the beginning , we were n’t the first to discover this and you can find pictures by owners of these boards here , here and here , as well as some pictures of a board unboxing here where the author seems to have completely missed the fact that the chokes were covered in rust .
Another potential issue is that ASRock and Pegatron products might suffer from the same problem , but this has not been confirmed as being the case at the time of writing .
However , Asus , Pegatron and ASRock have sourced products together in the past and could potentially have sourced chokes from the same supplier .
Update : Asrock has responded to SemiAccurate and said that it does n’t use chokes from the same manufacturer .
We ’re expecting that Asus will be in touch with us and hopefully it can offer an explanation as to what is going on .
Let ’s just hope Asus honors the warranties for these boards , or else there are going to be a lot of upset customers out there .
Please let us know in our forums if you ’ve got a board suffering from rusty chokes .
S|A
Namespacing in Io and Ioke
I ’ve been working with Io and Ioke more than usual lately and starting to get into projects that need to go beyond a single source file .
I ’ve hit a wall though : how should namespacing in prototype based languages be done ?
I ’ve come up with a couple ways , and I ’d love to see some alternatives .
A naive way would just be to keep a consistent naming scheme , like the top - level object being Module , and members of that module being named like ModuleMember , all in the top level or lobby namespace .
A better way would be to use slots from containing objects to simulate Ruby - style modules and namespacing .
This works extremely well for single file projects :
Module := Object clone do ( Member := Object clone do ( foo := method ( ... ) ) )
The problem arises when you stretch it across files .
If you put each Member in its own source file with a Module := Object clone instantiation , only the most recently instantiated Module will be available because the old object will have been overwritten .
The cure is to do something like this :
Module := Object clone doRelativeFile ( " module/member1.io " ) doRelativeFile ( " module/member2.io " )
Where the memberX.io files have this structure :
Module do ( Member := Object clone do ( foo := method ( ... ) ) )
That way , the Module top - level objected is only being extended in each source file , rather than re-instantiated .
I could be going about namespacing all the wrong way though , and trying to apply the techniques of other languages to languages it just does n’t work with .
Really I ’m just trying to work out a way to manage larger projects in languages like Io and Ioke .
Just when you thought commentary on the CRU hacked emails could not get any more absurd , along comes National Post columnist and “ environmentalist ” Lawrence Solomon to up the ante .
Believe it or not , Solomon ’s latest over - the - top screed accuses Google of censoring search results to downplay the so - called Climategate scandal .
But , as they say in the newspaper biz : “ Check a story , lose a story ” .
Solomon , of course , is best known as the indefatigable writer of serial nonsense in the set of columns known as the Deniers , each one profiling a researcher who supposedly had inconvenient facts to present for the IPCC .
The profiles were pretentiously labeled with roman numerals ; I think he got up to around Part XXVIII , before moving on to other science - mangling pursuits .
Problem was , some of the genuine scientists Solomon misrepresented took umbrage , and one , astrophysicist Nigel Weiss , had to wait months for the Post to retract what he considered a “ slanderous fabrication ” .
In his recent Full Comment post , Solomon piled one whopper on top of another in an effort to paint Google as an environmentally correct gatekeeper of information , and suggested readers in search of the truth would be much better off with Microsoft ’s benighted new search engine Bing .
His first example concerned an unexplained scandal of apparently epic proportions .
Search for “ Googlegate ” on Google and you ’ll get a paltry result ( my result yesterday was 29,300 ) .
Search for “ Googlegate ” on Bing , Microsoft ’s search engine competitor , and the result numbers an eye - popping 72.4 million .
If you ’re a regular Google user , as opposed to a Bing user , you might not even know that “ Googlegate ” has been a hot topic for years in the blogosphere — that ’s the power that comes of being able to control information .
Well , if Solomon is not going to bother to explain what Googlegate actually is , far be it from me to do so .
But how could there be 72 million hits on Bing for a soi-disant scandal that almost no one has ever heard of ?
The sad answer is – sad for both Bing and Solomon , that is – there are n’t .
There are only 400 or so .
And here are the last handful :
Riveting stuff , I ’m sure you ’ll agree .
Anyway , for some reason , Bing ’s estimate is waaaay off , but you can only figure that out by going to the end of the results ( editing the start parameter in the URL , naturally ) .
That ’s not a promising start , but Solomon is quickly on to the main event – a rigorous comparative study of the two search engines ’ treatment of the term “ climategate ” .
According to Solomon , Google has steadily whittled away at the number of pages it returns , while Bing lets the light of truth shine – all 50 million pages of it .
And yesterday , when I checked , Google reported a mere 1.8 million climategate pages .
Bing , in contrast , did n’t make climategate pages disappear .
As you ’d expect from a search engine that was n’t manipulating data , search results on Bing climbed steadily until they peaked at around 51 million , where they have remained since .
When I checked I saw 18 million hits , not 1.8 million .
But , hey , what does an order of magnitude matter ?
More to the point , Solomon seems blissfully unaware that both search engines return a maximum of 1000 hits , not that he or anyone else is ever going to go past the second page of results .
And we ’ve already seen Bing ’s rigorous hit estimation algorithm in action .
Another of Solomon ’s canards involves Google ’s query suggestion feature .
But suddenly in late November , for reasons known only to Google , Google often would not suggest “ climategate ” to those who keyed in c - l - i .
Even c - l - i - m - a or c - l - i - m - a - t - e - g - a-t were n’t enough to solicit a suggestion .
Bing , in contrast , did not and does not steer users away from climategate — it has consistently suggested “ climategate ” to those who keyed in c - l - i or even c-l .
Well here are the suggestions for typing “ c- l ” for Google :
Yep , there ’s “ climategate ” – all 18 million hits worth .
And Bing ?
Not so much .
And maybe , just maybe , the users who reported a lack of query suggestions in Google had the feature turned off .
It is a user option , after all .
[ Update , January 20 :
The ranking of auto - completed suggestions appears to be almost entirely driven by the search popularity of the various search terms .
For example , check out the trends of four of the search terms shown above in the following dynamic chart :
club penguin clip art cloudy with a chance … climategate
The tiny blue blip at the end of 2009 is “ climategate ” ( blue ) .
No wonder “ club penguin ” is at the top of the suggestion list and “ climategate ” at the bottom ( and gone from Bing ) .
In fact , climategate might well not have made the list at all were it not for strong news coverage .
Of course , it makes eminent sense that auto - completion would be based on actual search behaviour and interest , rather than sheer number of web pages .
And here is the chart for the last 30 days ( again updated dynamically ) , which clearly shows just how low climategate search volume is , even at a time of maximum coverage from the right - wing press .
As of current writing , the top “ cl ” search term , “ club penguin ” , has more than 100 times the search volume of “ climategate ” .
It ’ll be interesting to see if that increases as ClimateHack fades from the news . ]
Are we done ?
Not quite .
Solomon has complaints about the pages returned .
The first hit returned by Google is – the horror of it – the Wikipedia page on the “ Climatic Research Unit hacking incident ” , which Wikipedia refuses to call by its true and proper name , as determined by a consensus of objective bloggers and right - wing columnists .
For those whom Google can’t steer away from “ climategate , ” and who key in all 11 letters to learn about the eye - opening emails , Google goes the extra yard in keeping people in the dark — it dishes up a page that trivializes the scientific significance of climategate .
Well , sure , after all that compelling analysis , how can we not accept Solomon ’s persuasive case for the “ scientific significance of climategate ” and the Google / Wikipedia conspiracy to “ trivilaize ” it .
On the other hand , there are other equally plausible explanations .
For example , perhaps William Connolley ( aka Stoat ) has been enlisted in a socialist plot to drive Lawrence Solomon mad .
If so , it looks like it ’s working .
But surely at least some people will avoid Google ’s snares , and go to the second or even the third link .
So let ’s see what they ’ll find .
Number two is none other than … the National Post !
And that ’s followed by two hits from WUWT .
The truth is out there , and even Google ca n’t stop it .
There ’s no trace of the Post at Bing .
But I did find the highly informative Climategate.com , which recently featured as its lead post a glorified ad for the new Steven Mosher / Tom Fuller quickie book on Climategate .
Surely , then , Post editors will agree with the sentiments of this set of search links .
Solomon also has a ready answer as to Google ’s motivation for “ manipulating ” search results .
Money and power could have something to do with it .
Search for Google and its founders and you ’ll see that they have made big financial bets on global warming through investments in renewable and other green technologies ; that they have a close relationship with Al Gore , that Google CEO Eric Schmidt is close to Barack Obama .
My , the Post must have good lawyers indeed .
Alas , a full discussion of the scientific wisdom of Solomon , as well as his mysterious Energy Probe “ environmental ” organization , must await another post .
So much idiocy , so little time .
Jose Lopez is a player who is seemingly gaining a lot of attention as we head into 2010 .
He currently has an ADP of around 121 , meaning he ’s going right at the tail end of the tenth round in 12 - team mixed formats .
There ’s no questioning that he is a solid player , but I have to wonder , however , why he ’s gained so much traction .
Before we get into that , let ’s take a look at how he produced in 2009 :
613 At Bats
. 272 Batting Average ( 167 Hits )
25 Home Runs
96 RBI
69 Runs
3 Stolen Bases
. 303 On Base Percentage
. 463 Slugging Percentage
. 274 Batting Average on Balls in Play
The power is nice , but is it something that we can expect him to be able to replicate ?
He ’s had at least 524 at bats since 2006 and has seen a steady increase in his HR / FB rate :
2006 – 5.7 %
2007 – 6.4 %
2008 – 8.2 %
2009 – 11.1 %
At 26 - years old , that ’s not an unreasonable number , but he also saw a fairly significant jump in his flyball rate .
In 2008 he was at 35.6 % , but saw the number rise to 40.8 % last season .
Can we expect him to be able to continue to put significantly more balls in the air ?
The other issue to look at is his home / road split .
Of his 25 home runs , 17 of them came away from Safeco Field .
We all know that Safeco is not the best hitters park in the league , but it is hard to imagine him maintaining that big of a discrepancy .
I do n’t fully believe the power surge he showed , so it would not be surprising to see him regress a little bit in that area .
With less power you would think would come fewer RBI , but that may not be the case with Lopez .
He spent the majority of his time last season in the third spot , where he should continue to hit this season .
The Mariners big offensive acquisition was Chone Figgins , who only improves Lopez ’ RBI potential .
He ’ll be hitting behind Figgins and Ichiro Suzuki , who should both consistently be on base and set things up for Lopez to drive them in .
Someone has to dive in runs and given the other options in the lineup , it ’s very realistic to see Lopez reach 90 once again .
Scoring runs , however , is another story .
It ’s great that he can drive them in , but he is on base so infrequently that it is impossible for him to score enough runs to justify using him .
While his average should improve a little bit ( though that is not a guarantee , considering his career BABIP is at .288 ) , he has walked just 111 times in 2,781 career at bats .
That ’s a pathetic rate , to say the least , and gives him fewer opportunities to score .
Of second baseman with at least 450 plate appearances in 2009 , he ranked sixteenth behind players like Luis Castillo , Skip Schumaker and Felipe Lopez in runs scored .
Considering players like Dustin Pedroia , Brian Roberts , Ian Kinsler and others were scoring over 100 runs , his struggles here put his owners at a huge disadvantage .
Weighing all of that , here are my 2010 projections for Lopez :
.283 ( 170-600 ) , 20 HR , 85 RBI , 70 R , 5 SB , .292 BABIP , .313 OBP , .450 SLG
At this point , players with ADPs immediately following Lopez include Jason Kubel , Jay Bruce and Chad Billingsley .
Those are all players with significantly more value to me than Jose Lopez .
If I miss out on the better second baseman in the league , I ’m not going to reach on Lopez in the tenth round simply because I need a 2B .
I ’d much rather wait and take the gamble on Howie Kendrick or Rickie Weeks or Scott Sizemore later in the draft .
It just does n’t make sense to me to reach on a mediocre second baseman , especially one that puts you at a sizable disadvantage in runs scored .
What are your thoughts on Lopez ?
Is he a player you want to own ?
Would you select him in the tenth round ?
Make sure to place your order for the Rotoprofessor 2010 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide , selling for just $ 5 , by clicking here .
Make sure to check out some more of our 2010 projections , including :
Homeland Security chief Janet Napolitano raised the specter of unpopular checkpoint backups to bolster the Obama administration 's appeal for “ urgent ” congressional revision of parts of the 4 - year - old Real ID Act adopted during the Bush administration .
That 's because few , if any , of the states are on track to satisfy the 18 enhanced security requirements for issuance of state driver 's licenses mandated by a Dec. 31 deadline , Napolitano told the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs .
That will leave millions of travelers without one of the most important documents the Transportation Security Administration screeners will require next year under the terms of the Real ID Act .
Passengers without enhanced security driver 's licenses will face “ additional screening by TSA — and one can only contemplate the inconvenience in airline travel that could occur if everyone has to undergo additional screening because they do n't have a Real ID - compliant drivers license , ” Napolitano testified .
Or , as Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut put it :
The screening would be similar to what travelers now confront if they forget their identification documents .
TSA screeners check about 2 million airline passengers each day at 450 airports in the United States .
A TSA official said it was premature to forecast the impact additional screening would have on lines at airport checkpoints .
Administration - backed legislation to revamp the Real ID
Act would drop some of the unfulfilled provisions of the Bush administration - era law in order to win wider implementation by states .
The enhanced security requirements were adopted by Congress following the Sept. 11 attacks in which 18 of the 19 foreign hijackers carried state driver 's licenses .
“ The bottom line is that because of the states ' objections to Real ID , the United States has not realized secure identification , ” Napolitano said .
“ There has got to be a better way . ”
Twenty - five states have balked or refused to participate , citing costs or concerns about information sharing .
The National Governors ' Association backs the changes , Vermont Gov. Jim Douglas , incoming chairman of the organization , told the Senate panel .
Lieberman , the panel 's chairman , signaled quick action , scheduling committee consideration of the legislation on July 29 .
Bill 's author critical
But Napolitano's bid to win bipartisan changes in the law to gain wider implementation by the states met criticism by Rep. James Sensenbrenner , R - Wis. , author of the Real ID legislation that raced through the Republican - led Congress in 2005 .
The changes sought by the Obama administration are “ a watered - down version ” of the package signed into law by President George W. Bush , Sensenbrenner said .
The administration 's changes “ would return the United States to pre-9/11 security standards , ” the Wisconsin lawmaker said .
“ Pass ID lowers security standards , allowing passengers to get on an airplane without a secure ID . ”
Katherine Cesinger , press secretary for Texas Gov. Rick Perry , said the state has obtained extensions for meeting some requirements for Real ID , Cesinger said .
As for the Obama administration 's shift from Real ID to Pass ID , Cesinger said the governor would wait to see what emerged from Congress .
“ Generally we 've been in favor of a program that is not overly burdensome but that provides for a secure ID , ” Cesinger said .
stewart.powell@chron.com
David Cameron has failed to seal the deal with the British public , who believe the Conservatives would govern for the well - off and are not an attractive alternative to Labour .
In a remarkable snapshot of national opinion just months ahead of the general election , a ComRes poll for The Independent found that people disagree with the statement that " the Conservative Party offers an appealing alternative to the Labour Party " , by a margin of 49 to 45 per cent .
Meanwhile , by 52 to 44 per cent , the public agrees with the statement that " a Conservative Government would mainly represent the interests of the well - off rather than ordinary people " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The survey gives the Tories a nine - point lead over Labour , down one point on last month .
If repeated at a general election , the figures would leave the Tories five seats short of an overall majority in a hung parliament .
According to ComRes , the Tories are on 38 per cent ( up one point on last month ) , Labour 29 per cent ( up two points ) , the Liberal Democrats 19 per cent ( down one point ) and others 14 per cent ( down two points ) .
The findings will add to the jitters in the Tory high command after the gap between the two main parties closed in recent weeks .
Amid fears that the Tory message has been too " austere " because of the economic crisis , Mr Cameron will try to paint a more positive vision of life under a Tory government in a new year campaign .
The survey will encourage those Labour strategists who are anxious to win back the party 's traditional supporters .
Mr Brown was accused of reigniting the class war after he said that the Tory policy of cutting inheritance tax was " dreamed up on the playing fields of Eton " , where Mr Cameron was educated .
Although ComRes found that the Tories enjoy a 20 - point lead among the AB top social group , the two main parties are virtually neck and neck among the other groups .
Twice as many C2 skilled manual workers and the bottom DE group are " certain not to vote " than are ABs .
Labour appears to have clawed back some of its traditional support since this month 's pre-Budget report .
The proportion of those who backed Labour in 2005 and who would stick with the party has risen from 66 to 76 per cent .
The Tories appear still to have work to do among women voters .
They are 11 points ahead of Labour among men but only six points ahead among women .
There is some good news for the Conservatives in today 's poll .
By a margin of 55 to 38 per cent , people support the party 's policy of raising the threshold for inheritance tax to £ 1 m .
This will encourage Mr Cameron to resist pressure to ditch the idea .
The finding suggests that aspirational voters like the policy and do not necessarily buy Labour 's line that it would only help millionaires .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
Sixty - three per cent of the top AB social group agree with the Tory policy , falling to 48 per cent among the bottom DE group .
As expected , Conservative voters are the most enthusiastic about this policy – 64 per cent agree .
Surprisingly , more Labour voters agree than disagree with it – by a margin of 50 to 42 per cent .
Worryingly for Labour , the public is evenly divided over whether a Labour government would protect front - line public services such as health and education better than a Tory government would – seen by Mr Brown as the key dividing line between the two main parties .
Some 47 per cent agree with this statement , while 46 per cent disagree .
People in lower income brackets are more likely than those in higher income brackets ( by 54 to 47 per cent ) to agree that a Conservative government would mainly represent the interests of well - off people .
Thirty per cent of Tory voters agree , as do 78 per cent of Labour and 64 per cent of Lib Dem voters .
Worryingly for the Tories , 45 per cent of the " do n't knows " ( or those who refuse to say how they would vote ) also agree with this statement .
Senior Tories will be most concerned about the lukewarm support for the party .
Although the public has lost faith with Labour , it has not sufficiently warmed to the Conservatives for their liking .
Women are less likely than men to regard the Tories as an attractive alternative to Labour .
With the exception of people aged 65 and over and the 18 - 24 age group , the majority of people in all the other age brackets do not regard the Tories as an attractive alternative .
ComRes phoned 1,006 British adults between 19 and 20 December 2009 .
Data were weighted by past vote recall .
ComRes is a member of the British Polling Council and abides by its rules .
Full tables at www.comres.co.uk.
Douglas Chalmers , Director CLA North , said :
" Clearly we welcome the acknowledgement that , without direct public sector investment , those in rural areas will again be the losers , but they still only aim for 90 % coverage .
If this is to be our best effort , will the remaining 10 % ever be brought into the modern world ?
A partial solution may actually make things worse .
If society believes there is no longer a problem , communications designed for high speed connections will become the norm .
Already , too many people struggle when faced with vital web - based services such as tax returns and job applications .
Rural communities and businesses are excluded by other people ’s superior technology .
Government should adopt the Prime Minister 's own view that broadband is a vital public utility .
The ‘ universal service commitment ’ must become a legally enforceable universal service obligation to provide two megabits per second by 2012 otherwise , the digital divide may simply move , and it will certainly get wider . "
The UK Country Land and Business Association ( CLA ) has criticised Government plans to provide £ 1bn of investment ( from the controversial fixed telephone line tax ) into Next Generation Access ( NGA ) broadband as " " because its target of 90 % coverage will still leave a significant 10 % excluded .
In related news the opposition Conservative ( Tory ) party 's Shadow Culture Secretary , Jeremy Hunt , has called the Government 's 50 p per month tax on all fixed telephone lines both " " .
Hunt warned that SME 's might be " " and could cost UK businesses £ 70 million a year .
A female Democratic lawmaker in footage released Sunday said Congress could pass healthcare if female lawmakers " sent the men home . "
Rep. Carol Shea - Porter ( D - N.H. ) said that both Republican and Democratic women members of Congress understand how to care for relatives and thus want the healthcare system to change .
" We go to the ladies room and the Republican women and the Democratic women and we just roll our eyes , " she said .
" And the Republican women said when we were fighting over the healthcare bill , if we sent the men home ... " at which point she was interrupted by loud applause .
" You know why ?
I 'm not trying to diss the men but I 'm telling you it 's the truth that every single woman there has been responsible for taking care of a [ relatives ] and so we think we can find a common ground there , " she said .
The New Hampshire lawmaker 's comments come as Democratic leaders are debating alternative ways to pass the healthcare overhaul .
Republican Scott Brown 's victory in the Massachusetts Senate primary has stalled the debate .
VIDEO
NASA / Analytical Mechanics Associates
Forget the Segway .
Leave that jet pack behind .
NASA is working on a personal flying suit .
Conceptual designs for the experimental vehicle , called Puffin , were introduced by Mark D. Moore , an aerospace engineer at NASA ’s Langley Research Center , at a meeting of the American Helicopter Society on Jan. 20 in San Francisco .
The Puffin is designed to be 12 feet in length , with a total wingspan of 14 and a half feet ; it would weigh in at 300 pounds ( without a pilot ) .
Two major elements distinguish the Puffin suit from the jet packs of ’ 50s - era sci- fi flicks .
First , it is completely self - contained : the pilot would actually step into the suit , which has a cockpit - like area and helicopter - style blades , allowing for high - altitude flying ( unlike those sci - fi jet packs ) .
Second , it is designed to be powered by electric motors , making it relatively quiet , lightweight and more reliable ( electric motors have fewer moving parts than conventional ones ) , and with a low environmental impact .
Of course , the Puffin is just a theory at the moment .
It might be best used for covert military missions or rescue operations .
But if it does emerge as an option for conventional flight , traffic jams might take on a whole new meaning .
David Cameron has been accused of making a " contract " with Britain 's biggest media company to trade political support before an election for government favours afterwards if the Tories win .
The accusation was levelled yesterday by the Business Secretary Peter Mandelson , who is increasingly the public face of Gordon Brown 's government .
Ministers are angry at the campaign that The Sun has run against the Prime Minister all this week over the spelling mistakes in a letter Mr Brown sent to the mother of a young soldier killed in Afghanistan .
They suspect that the Conservative Party has been tailoring its policies on media regulation and the BBC to suit the commercial interests of News International , which owns The Sun , and that the paper 's aggressive support for the Tories is a pay - off that could spread to other parts of the mass media .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Examples of the apparent tie - in between what News International 's boss , James Murdoch , wants , and what David Cameron is ready to promise include the recent decision by the Conservatives to abandon the idea of " top slicing " the BBC licence fee .
It had been proposed that part of the money paid to the BBC would be siphoned off to help regional television companies meet the threat from the internet .
But this would also have helped them compete more effectively against Sky News , which is part of the Murdoch media empire .
When the policy was abandoned in September , Jeremy Hunt , the shadow Culture Secretary , said that it was because enacting it might make the commercial television companies " focus not on attracting viewers but on attracting subsidies " .
There was no gain for the BBC in the climbdown , because David Cameron had already said that the Tories will freeze the licence fee .
What it will mean is that the BBC 's income will be capped , without the regional television companies seeing any government help , which will strengthen the market position of Britain 's only satellite television company , Sky .
" This was done for News International , " a Tory insider said yesterday .
" Murdoch wants
Sky to go head to head with the BBC .
He does n't want the independent companies strengthened . "
In April 2008 , James Murdoch complained bitterly about the media regulator Ofcom in his first major speech after taking over as chief executive of News Corporation in Europe and Asia .
The following year , David Cameron announced that a Conservative government would cut Ofcom down to size .
Last summer James Murdoch attacked the " abysmal record " of the BBC Trust – the body created by Labour to over see the BBC – in a lecture he gave at the Edinburgh Festival , singling out its " total failure " to stop the BBC buying the Lonely Planet travel guides , a takeover that Murdoch denounced as an " egregious " invasion of private enterprise by the state .
Less than two months later , Jeremy Hunt promised that the Tories would abolish the Trust .
In the same lecture , Murdoch complained that BBC performers like Jonathan Ross are being paid salaries that " no commercial competitor can afford " .
He had barely uttered the words before Ed Vaizey , a shadow media minister , promised that a Tory government would compel the BBC to publish the salaries of its top performers .
Lord Mandelson alleged yesterday that the Conservatives and News International had " effectively formed a contract , over the head , incidentally , of the newspaper 's editor and their readers , in which they are sort of bound to one another " .
Speaking to the BBC's Today programme , he added : " What The Sun can do for the Conservatives during the election is one part of the contract and , presumably , what the Conservatives can do for News International if they are elected is the other side of the bargain .
But there is a wider question .
When The Sun creates the news in this way , this is then followed up by Sky News , which then puts pressure on the BBC to follow suit . "
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
This was " absolutely , categorically " denied yesterday by The Sun 's political editor , Tom Newton Dunn , who accused Lord Mandelson of talking " preposterous nonsense " .
The Sun , which supported Labour through three general elections under Tony Blair 's leadership , announced that it was jumping ship on the day that Gordon Brown delivered his annual speech to the Labour Party conference in September .
Its onslaught on Gordon Brown for the mistakes made in a handwritten letter to Jacqui Janes is the most aggressive attack that the newspaper has directed at any Labour Party leader since Neil Kinnock stood down after losing the 1992 general election , a defeat for which The Sun claimed victory with the slogan " It was The Sun wot won it " .
But there were signs yesterday that the attack may have rebounded on The Sun .
Mr Brown , who is blind in one eye , has admitted that his handwriting is bad and has apologised to Mrs Janes , whose 20 - year - old son , Jamie , was killed by a makeshift bomb in Afghanistan last month .
A poll yesterday for the website PoliticsHome , whose main shareholder is the Conservative Party deputy chairman Lord Ashcroft , found that 65 per cent of those polled thought that The Sun 's attack was " inappropriate " compared with 23 per cent who thought it was " legitimate " .
The closeness of the new Tory - Sun axis is shown up by the revelation , from an inside source , that David Cameron personally consulted the editor of The Sun , Dominic Mohan , in three separate conversations before he abandoned his " cast- iron " promise to hold a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty , now that all 27 members states of the EU have ratified it .
Mr Cameron was understandably wary of how The Sun might react to the abandonment of that promise .
The paper has campaigned for years against what it sees as the growth of an EU superstate .
It was in an open letter to readers of The Sun that Cameron first made his guarantee , two years ago .
His announcement that a referendum is off the agenda was subjected to a scathing attack in the Daily Mail , but in The Sun it was given kid - glove treatment under the headline " Cameron 's crusade for UK rights " .
The person behind this aggressively pro-Tory policy is James Murdoch , not his father , Rupert , who created The Sun virtually from scratch in the 1970s .
Rupert Murdoch claimed in an interview with Sky News Australia that he " regretted " his son's decision to turn against Gordon Brown , " who is a friend of mine " , but defended it on the grounds that Brown has been a " disappointment " .
Yesterday , The Times , another Murdoch newspaper , announced that its veteran political editor , Phil Webster , is leaving the Commons , where he has been based for decades .
Mr Webster is very well thought of by New Labour .
His replacement , Roland Watson , was a friend of David Cameron 's at Eton but has no political ties with the Tories .
Tom Newton Dunn , newly appointed as The Sun 's political editor , is another Old Etonian .
His father , Bill , used to be a Tory MEP , but defected to the Liberal Democrats in 2000 .
15 states have collectively borrowed more than $ 15 billion and another 9 states are in the red over unemployment benefits .
Please consider Jobless claims put state in debt .
North Carolina 's high unemployment rate has stuck the state with $ 1.4 billion in debt - money that officials do n't know how they 'll pay back .
It gets worse .
The debt is still rising .
The problem is that with about 500,000 people out of work , the state has more unemployment claims than it can pay .
So it has been borrowing from the federal government since February , sometimes as much as $ 20 million a day .
The tally will rise to at least $ 2 billion by the end of the year , said David Clegg , deputy chairman and chief operating officer of the N.C. Employment Security Commission .
Next year , depending on the economy , could add another $ 2 billion to the tab , he said .
For purposes of comparison , the state budget for the current fiscal year is $ 19 billion .
Only five states have borrowed more than North Carolina .
Altogether , seven states have borrowed more than $ 1 billion each - more than $ 15 billion collectively - to shore up their unemployment insurance systems , according to the U.S. Department of Labor .
A total of 24 states plus the Virgin Islands have borrowed money from the federal government .
Many states " are in pretty dire straits right now , " said Ingrid Evans , unemployment insurance director at the National Association of State Workforce Agencies .
The best hope for North Carolina , said Clegg , is for Congress to forgive a portion of the debt , if not all of it .
Another solution would be to raise the tax on employers that funds jobless benefits .
Indiana , which owes about as much as North Carolina , recently took that move , but North Carolina officials worry it would increase financial pressure on businesses when they can least afford it .
" I would love to hear some U.S. Department of Labor official explain how they expect the states to pay billions of dollars from an employee base which is , at best , 20 percent smaller than it was before the recession started , " Clegg said .
No definite plan
The National Association of State Workforce Agencies , which represents state departments such as the ESC , has made sure that members of Congress on both sides of the aisle are aware of the states ' plight , Evans said .
But with the states not due to make any debt payments for more than a year , no proposals for dealing with the issue have surfaced .
Indeed , the association itself has n't yet formulated its position .
Right now North Carolina does n't have a definite plan for paying off the debt .
What 's most important today , state officials say , is that the state is continuing to pay unemployment benefits .
The only source of money for the unemployment insurance fund now - other than loans from the federal government - is the unemployment insurance tax that employers pay .
Companies typically pay the tax on a quarterly basis , and the rate depends on how many workers the companies have laid off and how much those workers received in unemployment benefits .
The tax is capped at 5.7 percent of taxable payroll ; the average rate currently paid by companies is 1.6 percent .
Increasing the tax rate on employers would be up to the General Assembly .
But it would take a sizable increase to make a difference , and any attempt to do so likely would be resisted by the business sector .
No Escape
Table A - 5 Part Time Status
The key take - away from this series are the millions of workers whose hours will rise before companies start hiring more workers .
Unemployment will be structurally high for a decade .
Number One Suppressed Story of 2009 —
Hey wait , was n’t Obama supposed to end this war right away .
“ You can take it to the bank ? ”
Over one million Iraqis have met violent deaths as a result of the 2003 invasion , according to a study conducted by the prestigious British polling group , Opinion Research Business ( ORB ) .
These numbers suggest that the invasion and occupation of Iraq rivals the mass killings of the last century — the human toll exceeds the 800,000 to 900,000 believed killed in the Rwandan genocide in 1994 , and is approaching the number ( 1.7 million ) who died in Cambodia ’s infamous “ Killing Fields ” during the Khmer Rouge era of the 1970s .
ORB ’s research covered fifteen of Iraq ’s eighteen provinces .
Those not covered include two of Iraq ’s more volatile regions — Kerbala and Anbar — and the northern province of Arbil , where local authorities refused them a permit to work .
In face - to - face interviews with 2,414 adults , the poll found that more than one in five respondents had had at least one death in their household as a result of the conflict , as opposed to natural cause .
I saw an amazingly beautiful woman in the grocery store .
She was tall and thin with long blonde hair and high cheek bones .
She looked like someone Hollywood would cast as Aphrodite , the Goddess of Love .
She even had a certain aura about her , like she knew she was Aphrodite .
That ’s when I looked in her grocery cart .
And saw the package of toilet paper .
And something inside me died .
Yes , I know .
Everyone does it .
But I wanted to think she was above it .
And that was n’t even the worst part .
The worst part was this :
It was a 24 - pack .
And no , she had no ring .
So she had no husband .
And probably no kids .
It was all for her .
My Aphrodite .
The one with bowels .
More by Niceclit
More by Niceclit
More by SierraLuv
More by yoursexycorner2
More by hornyfreecams
More by cumscom2
More by hornyfreecams
More by cam4free2
More by cumscom2
More by Cams4Free
More by GirlsPorn
More by cam4free1
More by GirlsPorn
More by Cams4Free
More by GirlsPorn
More by dustinbaez
More by dustinbaez
More by dustinbaez
More by dustinbaez
More by Mariuss
Real hot girl toying her pussy and gets a real milky wet orgasm
Add to playlist : Login to use this
Advertisement
Content Protection
DMCA Information
Please note this is a Adults only , free porn website .
The terms . boy . and .girl . are used facetiously .
Boysfood.com does not target underage viewers .
Privacy Policy :
Any details you enter into our site will be protected .
We will Never sell or distribute your details to anyone else .
Copyright ( c ) 2005 - 2020 Boysfood.com | info@boysfood.com
All models appearing on this website are 18 years or older
The HP Slate -- has there ever been a more iconic , more groundbreaking , more life - altering device ?
Oh , there has ?
Well anyway , HP CTO Phil McKinney has been friendly enough to share some of the history behind the development of his company 's newly announced tablet , which is set for a release at some point later this year .
Starting with e-reader prototypes five years ago , he tells us , HP steadily built up an idea of the sort of " rich media experience " modern consumers are lusting after .
It 's only now , however , in a " perfect storm " of innovation , that HP finds itself capable of pairing the right hardware with the mainstream - friendly price point it was shooting for .
Join us after the break for the full dose of education on this multitouch Windows 7 machine .
For many years lesbians have roamed the open plains of the internet , right - clicking and saving every little bit of lesbian imagery we could get our hands on — which generally meant Bette & Tina on the porch , that “ Kiss ” poster you hung over your first dorm - room bed , and maybe some random shots of Amanda Moore in a wifebeater .
Then Tumblr came into our lives and the whole world changed .
Now you can feast your eyes on all manner of lesbian imagery !
Cyber - dykes are accumulating sapphic photos , syndicating lesbian news & quotes , re-gifting their Suicide Girls memberships & forming mini-cults around models you do n’t often see celebrated in mainstream fashion .
If you can spell “ fuck yeah ” you can look at something fuckable quickly … on Tumblr !
We love about 50 lesbian - themed tumblrs right now , so we sort of picked these at random from our top 30 or so .
( Also if you do n’t know already , girlfriendisahomo is the motehr of all tumblrs )
So if you ’re like Hey , autostraddle is always re-blogging my shit , where ’s my shout out ? ” then you know , we ’re sorry , we ’ll get you next time .
Tell us your favorites in the comments , or shamelessly promote yourself .
However , please hyperlink , as URLs - as - written ( http://autostraddle.tumblr.com) might land your ass in the spam folder .
Lots and lots of smokin’ hot androgyny here .
While its got plenty of undressed girls , fuck yeah dykes is a good place to check out for style ideas , mohawky haircuts , fallenandrogyne , sloppy kisses & proud punky lesbians & the models who look like them .
Girls who like girls features a bounty of photos of queer girls [ both real and fictional ] , You ’ll find lots of photos of Leisha Hailey , Amanda Moore , real lesbian couples , Freja Beha , and Ruby Rose here .
A bell hooks or Zora Neale Hurson quote here , vintage Angela Davis photos there , a lot of fuckyeahblackbeauties & guerrillamamamedicine re-blogs , political news updates , and sexy photos of hot women of color like Rosario Dawson & M.I.A with wisdom / links / text - a- plenty .
Bohemianism is about adventure and creativity and really , bohemea is too .
The adventure comes in clicking through the pages to find photos of nice girls while the creativity is about what you might like to do with those ladies .
Expect Ellen Von Unwerth ’s sexy - edgy photography , retro-vintage advertising , Zooey Deschanel , fashion spreads , film stills & more .
Ohh , pretty people and anguish .
If you ’re a Natalie - Portman - loving - treehouse - building - Edward - Scissorhands - watching - Lovely - Bones - reading type of girl , go no further .
You can also expect television stills from Six Feet Under , True Blood & Mad Men , screenshots from movies you can’t ever find screenshots of like The Craft , Clueless & American Psycho and other 90’s nostalgia , with plenty of brand - spankin ’ new stuff tracking Kristen Stewart and their ilk .
[ Bohemea and Suicide Blonde are girlfriends and are also basically the prototype for all ensuing tumblr blogs .
If you ’re on tumblr and do n’t follow these girls , what ’s wrong with you .
A few weeks ago they suffered a death in the family so for the time being you wo n’t find the first few pages reflecting the descriptions below , but there ’s thousands of pages of archives to keep you busy all afternoon and , we must say , some very compelling & emotional work at the front .
Give them love ! ]
Here for all your sexy / edgy lesbionic needs , liquor in the front has lots of comics , boyish girls , straight girls lesbians like and a couple adorable photos of Ellen Page .
The girl who runs it occasionally puts up pictures of herself and her girlfriend ; they ’re all kinds of cute .
Visiting Autostraddle ’s tumblr is like buying your favorite cereal and realizing there ’s a toy inside .
But instead of cereal you get all our posts and instead of a spoon that changes color when you dip it in your milk , you get pictures of things like Sesame Street and boyshorts .
Sweet looking milky soft - haired girls in sheets full of lip - gloss and shy nods — a lot less “ alternative lifestyle haircut ” than some of the others , and heavy on lusty looking couples .
There are also a lot of breasts !
A little queer sexuality , a little queer art , this one is definitely about all things queer .
There ’s plenty of vintage drawings , death , and surrealism here .
Looking for a screenshot , cast photo , or magazine scan from The L Word ?
Chances are you ’ll find it here .
They ’ve got everything from first season ads with the original Tim to recent interviews with Kate Moennig .
This is our latest fling .
It feels , somehow , like actual life — photobooth - snapped submitted photos from Real Dykes & Real Couples from all around the tumblr - verse , L Word nostalgia , genderqueer models & makeouts , links to important articles and butch punky girls at various levels of undress .
The girl who does defining myself does it in all black and white .
Most days she ’s got pictures , but every once in a while , she ’ll throw in a to - do list , a question , or a song .
Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes are one of les femmes favorite things .
Other favorite things include long hair , dangly necklaces , and fancy dutch bicycles .
Self - described as being “ for the love of androgyny , genderqueer , genderfuck , etc. living beyond the binary . ”
Justin Bond , Agyness Deyn , Lucas Silveira , Peaches , Jenny Shimizu , Park Yong Hee , Also , bonus ; a lot more Asian representation here and like two full pages of Amelia Earhart .
So what are your favorite queer ( or otherwise inclined ) tumblrs ?
New Orleans Criminal Lawyer
Dedicated to Helping You Defend Yourself Against Criminal Charges in Louisiana
The Law Office of Robert S. Toale is a Louisiana law firm exclusively representing criminal defendants who are being investigated or prosecuted for a crime in Gretna and throughout Jefferson Parish and New Orleans .
Seasoned New Orleans criminal lawyer Robert S. Toale has more than 30 years of experience representing a wide range of clients across all types of criminal defense matters , including Louisiana state and U.S. federal criminal charges , violations , misdemeanors , and felonies , including everything ranging from DWI to assault to white collar crimes .
Representing Clients Throughout the New Orleans Area
Mr. Toale ’s practice is focused on the New Orleans area , serving clients in New Orleans , Jefferson Parish , and Gretna .
Mr. Toale knows the procedures , the police , the prosecutors , and the courts in the New Orleans area , having spent decades perfecting his practice there .
He is well - known and well - respected in the New Orleans legal community and is recognized by peers across the country for his unparalleled criminal defense work and dedication to his clients .
We Practice Criminal Law . Period .
If you are facing criminal charges in New Orleans , you need an expert dedicated to criminal matters , not a general practitioner .
Mr. Toale is one of the only lawyers in Gretna to practice exclusively criminal law ; the Law Office of Robert S. Toale does not practice criminal law on the side while focusing attention on more lucrative personal injury cases .
This is a criminal law firm , and we represent clients with criminal matters .
Period .
Serving All Types of Clients Across All Areas of Criminal Law The Law Office of Robert S. Toale has decades of experience defending clients across the gamut of criminal cases .
We represent adults and juveniles , New Orleans locals and tourists , and even college students across all areas of criminal law .
DWI – We know the New Orleans reputation , and we have helped plenty of clients who came to Louisiana for a good time only to find themselves in jail after a DWI arrest .
We represent tourists and Louisiana locals alike in defending against DWI charges , helping clients keep their driver ’s licenses and avoid extended jail time whenever possible .
If a diversionary program is available to keep a DWI conviction off your record , we will fight for it .
Drug Crimes –
Whether it ’s a misdemeanor offense for a small amount of marijuana , or a felony offense for drug distribution or drug trafficking , the Law Office of Robert S. Toale will bring all of its experience and resources to bear in protecting your rights and defending you against overzealous prosecutors and police trying to throw the book at you .
We have represented clients facing possession and sale charges for marijuana , cocaine , heroin , methamphetamine , as even prescription drugs , and we know how to handle larger conspiracy cases as well .
We are also experienced in defending tourists or locals who have found themselves in trouble at the New Orleans airport .
Violent Crimes –
We have helped clients defend against a range of violent crimes , including assault & battery , domestic violence , and even homicide .
Our team at the Law Office of Robert S. Toale understands the gravity of the most serious criminal charges brought in the State of Louisiana , and we will fight with everything we have to make sure our clients put together the strongest case possible .
White Collar Crimes – At the Law Office of Robert S. Toale , we are also prepared to take on the more complex cases involving crimes such as embezzlement , mail and wire fraud , and computer crimes .
White collar criminal charges can lead to not only a conviction , but also to reputational damage , loss of your professional license , and even a prohibition on practicing your chosen profession .
We know the forensic accountants and other experts in Louisiana to bring on board for these more complicated financial matters , and we will tailor our legal defense to your specific needs .
Sexual Offenses – Cases involving sex crime charges often not only involve the most severe potential penalties , but also the most sensitive and reputation - damaging allegations .
We work not only to protect our client ’s rights , but also to protect their privacy to avoid a public witch hunt before the trial is even over .
We represent clients facing charges involving sexual assault , solicitation , child pornography , statutory rape , and molestation .
Our firm does not prejudge guilt , and we believe that every defendant has the human right to a strong legal defense .
When Your Life is on the Line , Hire a True New Orleans Criminal Defense Firm A criminal conviction can ruin your life .
If you have been arrested or charged with a felony or misdemeanor offense in Louisiana , hire a firm that is dedicated solely to serving criminal defense clients in the New Orleans area .
At the Law Office of Robert S. Toale , we have more than 30 years of experience defending clients against criminal charges , and we will do everything in our power to fight for the best outcome for you and your family .
Call 504-370-9233 , or simply contact our New Orleans criminal lawyers online to schedule your initial consultation .
Fewer Representatives or More Monitors ?
Matt Yglesias saw Lawrence Lessig speak about the problem of money in politics concluded his concern on the influence of money in politics was “ too narrow ” .
I tend to agree that Lessig ’s focus is a bit too narrow — that ’s why I started the PCCC — but I was shocked by Yglesias ’ “ broader ” solution : fewer elected officials .
Matt ’s focus on institutional reforms is definitely a well - needed antidote to most political journalists ’ tendency to focus on personalities and other small - picture details , but in this instance it ’s just crazy .
In what sense is the number of elected officials broader than the influences that come to bear on them ?
Matt seems to be arguing that countries with fewer elected officials are better run because voters can monitor the performance of those officials better .
I do n’t see how this argument can possibly survive engagement with the details of our political system .
Let ’s take health care , since that ’s in the news lately .
Health care has basically been talked about nonstop by every news outlet , yet even voters who follow these things in detail have no clue what ’s really in it .
( This is true even of my friends who are political junkies ; they know a public option is n’t in the bill , but they basically have no idea what the exchanges are or how they would work . )
When election season rolls around , campaigns will begin running lots of ads about the health care bill .
None of these ads will help inform them what ’s in it .
And the press will continue not to inform them about what ’s in it .
I do n’t see how having fewer elected officials will change any of this .
The problem is not that voters try to monitor their elected officials but are simply overwhelmed ; the problem is that voters have no tools for actually monitoring their elected officials in any meaningful sense .
Yes , one can point to a Chris Hayes flowchart here or an Alec MacGillis guide there , but there ’s no way any significant number of voters know how to find those things .
And even if you tell them about those , there ’s no system for finding similar documents about issues in the future .
And that ’s the biggest issue Congress is considering this session !
And that ’s just its broadest outlines !
The health care bill has thousands of pages of detailed provisions and it ’s just one of thousands of bills Congress is trying to pass .
There ’s nobody who ’s even reading all of those provisions , let alone trying to figure out which ones are good ideas and which representatives are fighting for the good ideas .
Instead , there ’s a vast industry of lobbyists , each of which care really deeply about a handful of those tiny issues and are willing to spend vast amounts of money and effort persuading members of Congress to take their side .
On most issues , they face no opposition .
So naturally , the members take their side .
What ’s needed is not fewer representatives , but better monitoring systems and institutional incentives to make monitoring less necessary .
Better monitoring systems is what I ’m working on and better institutional incentives is what Lessig is fighting for .
If Matt thinks that fewer representatives is a better or “ broader ” solution , I ’d like to hear him explain how it ’s going to help .
Disclosure : I ’m on the board of Lessig ’s group , Change Congress .
You should follow me on twitter here .
January 30 , 2010
Opinion
Why the U.S. should never deploy its latest weapon
The U.S. military - industrial complex has just developed a dangerous weapon that should never , under any circumstances , be deployed .
No , I 'm not talking about the " bunker - buster " nukes that were , thankfully , denied funding once again in next year 's federal budget .
The new weapon -- first reported in the press in 2004 -- is known in military circles as the Active Denial System .
It has been nicknamed the " pain ray " -- and with good reason .
According to DefenseTech.org , an online military information service , the new weapon " fires out millimeter waves -- a sort of cousin of microwaves , in the 95 GHz range .
The invisible beams penetrate just 1/64th of an inch beneath the skin .
But that 's deep enough to heat up the water inside a person .
Which is enough to cause excruciating pain .
Seconds later , people have to run away .
And that causes mobs to break up in a hurry . "
Charles Heal , a widely recognized authority on nonlethal weapons who has dubbed the ray the " Holy Grail of crowd control , " likened it to having a hot iron pressed against the skin .
Raytheon has reportedly developed such a device that can be mounted on a Humvee for the Pentagon .
According to a recent report on Military.com , the head of the Army unit charged with rapidly securing new gear for use by troops , Col. Robert Lovett , " has requested that [ the device ] be rushed to the field to support military operations in Iraq . "
Lovett 's memorandum cites a request by Col. James Brown , commander of the 18th Military Police Brigade , for the immediate deployment of the Active Denial System to help " suppress " insurgent attacks and quell prison uprisings .
As a national security expert and a former professor for the U.S. Naval War College , I understand the urgency felt by commanders on the front lines to provide U.S. troops with the best weaponry available .
But because of that built - in bias , we are fortunate to have a civilian - led military in order to keep our long - term interests in the proper perspective .
Not only do I strongly disagree with the two colonels ; I feel compelled to publicly oppose their request .
Today 's innovation is tomorrow 's copy .
For example , the baseball team lucky enough to include on its roster the pitcher who first developed the curveball had a temporary advantage , to be sure -- at least until all the other pitchers learned the same technique .
Likewise , military innovation , once deployed , enjoys only a temporary advantage until adversaries and allies alike are able to catch up .
That 's why developing a pain ray and deploying one are inherently different actions .
Studying the capability of millimeter waves to cause pain might help us develop defenses against that technology ; however , deploying the weapon merely invites other nations to follow suit .
The stigma of deploying such weapons , once the line is crossed , is difficult to " uncross " -- much like trying to put the " nuclear genie " back in the bottle .
Rather than deploying a pain ray , President Bush should instead begin developing a plan -- drawing inspiration from the post - World War I leaders who banned the use of chemical weapons -- to forever ban the use of millimeter waves ( or similar technologies ) in combat or any other form of " crowd control . "
Otherwise , it will only be a matter of time before such weapons are used against American troops or by repressive regimes against their own citizens -- or perhaps even by the U.S. government against dissidents or unruly crowds in our own country .
Harlan Ellison observed in August 1975 , on the 30th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima : " For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for 30 years .
This gives me great hope for the human race . "
Let 's hope that 30 years from now , the same can be said about the pain ray .
A new breed of weapon
Directed - energy weapons could play a role in fighting conflicts in coming years and bring numerous advantages to U.S. troops who have to deal with a hostile but unarmed crowd .
Active Denial System
Sends a nonlethal beam of energy to repel people without injury
Beam traveling at the speed of light , penetrates the skin to 1/64 of an inch , causing a burning sensation
Antenna focuses the invisible beam
Transmitter produces energy at a frequency of 95 GHz
Range
Beam : 700 yards
Small - arms fire : about 1,100
A 2 - second burst can heat the skin to 130° F
Normal : 98.6° F
Source : Boeing ; Defense Department ; GlobalSecurity.org Associated Press
