Tiger
RT @sanchan89
Always good to know that my mojo is still intact after 4 years 🙂
Take a look http://bit.ly/bGv5su
So , after quite a while , I tried sketching again .
And it came out pretty neat , I suppose .
But then , I want this to be a tech blog , right ?
We humans , have a somewhat dull skin [ 1 ] .
It is completely bereft of any fur [ 2 ] and any pattern to be had on are to be painfully tattooed .
Look , on the other hand , at the pervasive presence of spacial patterns on animal coats and flora .
Most commonly seen in plants are the rosette patterns , and self replicating branching systems .
Mammals and fishes are so much richer – their fur coats come with stripes , spots , rosettes , bands , blocks , combination of these and in the case of some sea shells – Serpenski triangle !
Even in animal behavior , there is so much elegance – if you have not seen the movements of large schools of fish or birds in flight , you have a serious problem and you should consult a psychotherapist .
Even the inanimate desert sands are beautifully patterned with near parallel curves .
It makes us think , does n’t it ?
How are these patterns formed ?
If every skin cell were to take on either black or white color with a uniformly random probability , then a zebra would look like white noise .
Try imagining one with a coat like that .
No probabilistic distribution is ever going to generate patterns as fantastic as those on every tiger .
Does every cell , then , have a global spacial view of itself ?
Is it possible that a single cell knows that it is a part of the stripe across the head of the tiger , and therefore , it should take on a black pigmentation ?
That seems like something phenomenally complex for a single living cell to know .
Related problems in developmental biology are cell differentiation , and Morphogenesis .
Every cell in an embryo is the same .
Embryos are homogenous ; and yet without a single central controller , cells in different areas of the embryo develop into different parts of the body .
Some develop into the the heart and lungs and others into brain and legs .
The first explanation for this phenomenon was provided by the British Mathematician , code breaker , logician , computer scientist ( and during the later days of his life , a chemist )
Alan Turing in his paper titled ‘ The Chemical basis of Morphogenesis ” in 1951 .
( This paper has its own wiki page )
The paper described mechanisms ; borrowing heavily from concepts of self - organisation , well known in physics ; by which non-uniformity may arise from uniform homogeneous states , and outlined the reaction - diffusion theory of morphogenesis .
Reaction –diffusion systems are mathematical models that describe how the concentration of one or more substances distributed in space changes under the influence of two processes : local chemical reactions in which the substances are converted into each other , and diffusion which causes the substances to spread out in space .
Independently , around the same time a Russian biophysicist Boris Belousov discovered a reaction - diffusion system , now called the Belousov - Zhabotinsky reaction .
Where Turing had proposed mathematical models , here was already a demonstration of the self - organizing tendencies of the non linear systems which he had proposed .
Here ’s a video of a BZ cocktail evolving
From a uniformly homogeneous solution – spirals , spots and expanding rings are formed .
And no two instances of the same experiment will get you the exact same results .
The equations that govern these reactions are so expressive that you can actually come up with results that show stripes and hexagons !
Try it out yourself in this applet .
These two works are considered by some as the founding work on chaos theory .
In a nutshell , Chaos theory deals with highly nonlinear and usually self looped systems that despite being fully deterministic , are subject to abrupt and seemingly random change .
It is clear in this case – In spite of explicitly and deterministically defined rules , the reaction - diffusion yields a uniquely different result every time .
The source of all this chaos is , well … , in the source itself .
The non-linearity of the system greatly magnifies even immeasurably small changes in the initial state .
So , the next time you round up a value from 0.506127 to 0.506 , be warned !
As a sidenote , the phrase “ Does the Flap of a Butterfly ’s Wings in Brazil Set Off a Tornado in Texas ? “ , is not a misunderstanding of chaos theory .
It is in fact the title of the talk presented by Edward Lorenz at AAAS , 1972 on chaos theory .
The title was the result of inferences from a run of the simulation he had built , when he changed one of the values of atmospheric conditions as stated above .
If you are interested in learning more about Chaos theory , there is a fantastic one hour program on BBC .
No , it does not have equations ( well , maybe just one )
Well , thats not entirely true !
We have fingerprints .
And they are beautiful and unique , but not colorful or macro .
Guess that still qualifies as dull .
This is interesting because , man is the only mammal ; excluding those that are aquatic , that has no fur , check out the February 2010 edition of Scientific American
Further reading
Stumble this here .
Follow me on twitter @sanchan89 .
If you find my posts interesting , you can follow me via RSS here .
Some of my shared items are here , in case you find it interesting .
The navigator of a US Navy fast attack submarine , who was listening to his iPod when he really should have been keeping an eye out for amphibious transport docks , helped land his employers with a hefty $ 86.9 m repair bill .
According to the Navy Times , the Los Angeles - class sub Hartford collided with with the New Orleans in the Strait of Hormuz on 20 March 2009 .
The Hartford 's commander , Ryan Brookhart , was swiftly relieved of his command , and an official report has now condemned the vessel 's " informal atmosphere , crew complacency , a ' weak ' command and inferior submariner skills " , all of which led to the “ avoidable ” accident .
The Navy Times elaborates : " Specifically , the navigator was listening to his iPod during a critical evolution , watchstanders were known to sleep on the job , and stereo speakers were rigged for music in the radio room . "
Fifteen Hartford crewmen were injured in the incident .
The New Orleans suffered " a 16 - by - 18 - foot gash in its hull that ripped open a fuel tank and two ballast tanks and required $ 2.3 m in repairs " .
You too can assess the damage to the Hartford here . ®
BA strikers : “ It is time to stop this rush to the bottom ”
By our reporters
29 March 2010
World Socialist Web Site reporters spoke to striking cabin crew staff at Heathrow and Manchester airports .
Strikers wish to remain anonymous in order to avoid being victimised .
BA pickets at Manchester Airport
At Manchester , one worker said , “ I ’ve worked over 20 years at BA and I work out of Heathrow .
When they shut the bases at Manchester , Glasgow , Belfast , a lot of people were forced to work long haul .
There ’s always been a big North West community .
The job has always paid a semi - fair wage but never a big London wage , so a lot of people lived outside of London .
“ On jobs cut on aircraft , you had four cabin crew and now you have three .
On an aircraft where you had 11 , you ’ve now got 10 and on the jumbo where you had 16 , you ’ve now got 14 .
So already on some aircraft , they are saving 25 percent in crew savings .
On the jumbos and triple 7s they are saving 12 to 15 percent because of the seniority and the pay scale .
“ That ’s not enough for them .
They just want to smash the union .
We have concerns over our right and safety practise that just do n’t work as well with fewer people .
And the customer does n’t do as well with 25 percent fewer people to serve them .
“ We had a first ballot in which we got 92 percent in favour of the strike .
I know someone who is a teacher , and he said that his union has never got such a large support in favour of action .
And yet a bunch of really non-politicised women and men , who are not historically really militant , have voted by 92 percent in favour .
“ In the press today , apparently I ’m earning £ 250 an hour .
Well if I did , I would not be driving the car I am with a lot of miles on the clock .
What I am seeing is that when you are involved in a dispute , you do get politicised quickly .
I think it ’s important that people like you come out and support us , and that people have to maybe stop reading the front page of the Daily Mail .
I think what we need is for the workers of this country to stand up now and again against oppression .
“ We are being played by the Tory media as the pariahs .
But what really sticks in my throat is that we pay a political levy to the Labour Party and we have n’t seen anything from it apart from Lord Adonis calling us deplorable and despicable .
Meanwhile he ’s a ‘ taxi cab for hire ’ with his mate Stephen Byers .
And we have had Gordon Brown attacking the strikes .
“ At the end of the day if 92 percent of the workforce has voted in ballot something is wrong and this is in the middle of a recession .
What really annoys me is we have banners up here today saying we are willing to take a pay cut .
We have bent over backwards .
They will save massive money , yet we are still here saying we are willing to work for less .
“ It is time we stopped this rush to the bottom .
It ’s a recession , and we are all struggling .
I agree with you that worker ’s should n’t pay for this .
It came out in the company report this week that our top seven managers between them got £ 4 million in share options .
Now apparently this strike is all over £ 10 million .
That is rubbish .
I think they want to smash the unions and get us all on Easyjet wages , and once that is done to merge with Iberian Airlines .
“ Then there is the £ 3.7 billion pension deficit behind this company .
Now if the company was to go bust then that would go overnight , and they would get rid of that .
“ There have been millions given to a union busting firm in the United States .
There was an operation called Operation Columbus , which was about how they could get a cheaper and more flexible crew .
This was three years ago , and we found out two and half years ago , and our mistake was not to strike then .
“ Back in the day we had this place pretty sown up .
In the 1970s and even the 80s we had this place pretty solid .
Back then nothing would have moved out of Manchester if we were on strike .
The firemen would n’t have turned up .
The baggage people would n’t have turned up .
I really do n’t think we have anything to lose on this .
This is win or bust .
You can accept the way of the world or try to change it like you guys .
“ A mate of mine in the union said last year this is going to be like the miners ’ strike of the 2010s .
And having lived through that and done my bit for the miners , I think he is right .
We have to stand up and be counted . ”
Another flight attendant said that his base pay was around £ 11,000 a year , “ We do n’t want to be out on strike , but we have been pushed into a corner by management .
“ The media is very one - sided .
There was a lunch put on by the company last year , where BA gave journalists free airline tickets , etc. [ BA boss ] Willie Walsh is on £ 740,000 , with perks , bonuses and shares .
It ’s not about money .
They do n’t want us .
They can get cheap foreign labour , gap year students , young people living with mum and dad .
“ They ’re going to cut salary for new hires and create a new kind of job , with £ 2.40 expenses .
This will result in staff flying long haul flights to places like Tokyo , where the cost of living is high .
It ’s going to be expensive .
Take home salary could be £ 1,200 a month , but you ’ve got to commute to Heathrow , or find a flat in West London .
So living in a two - bedroom flat with another worker , the rent is £ 800 . ”
Another striking attendant said , “ What is at stake is my job , the future , my family , my income .
I have been at BA more than 20 years .
Basically Willie Walsh wants to break the cabin crew community and the union .
“ We have been involved in two or three strikes over the years , but I ’ve never felt as intimidated as this .
We have got 20 or 30 colleagues that have been suspended just for using freedom of speech on Facebook , personal texts or elsewhere .
They have taken staff ’s travel away from them .
“ There is about a third of the workforce that commutes from Spain or France , and they have taken their staff travel away from them .
They use this to actually get to work .
I do n’t even know how that is going to work . ”
BA cabin crews at Heathrow have set up a strike headquarters at Bedfont Football Club and are maintaining five picket lines , restricted to 12 strikers , around the airport perimeter .
BA pickets at Heathrow Airport
One picket explained that Willie Walsh was once chief negotiator for the Irish Airline Pilots Association , before becoming CEO of the Aer Lingus subsidiary Futura .
“ He learnt the tricks of the trade in IAPA .
He was a poacher turned gamekeeper .
He sacked thousands in Ireland and turned Aer Lingus into a low cost carrier .
Now he ’s out to do the same here .
He has to smash the union , ” he added .
Maria criticised the £ 734,000 salary that Walsh earns .
She has worked for the company for 13 years and still earns less than £ 20,000 a year .
She does not get any other allowances or other “ perks . ”
“ Few people get the £ 30,000 that the newspapers keep talking about ... as if that is a high wage anyway .
“ What the media is saying about us is all fiction .
No one is telling the true facts .
Crew only get a free flight after 10 years of service . ”
She explained that BA recruited cabin crew from across Europe who often had to fly to Heathrow to start their shifts .
Now BA have stopped paying for them , saying , “ Make your own way in ! ”
Maria criticised the British Airline Pilots ’ Association for negotiating with BA a £ 500 incentive for pilots and other flight crew to work as cabin crew .
It was particularly disgusting , Maria added , that flight crew were scabbing on the cabin crews as BALPA is in dispute with BA over £ 600 holiday pay for pilots .
Last Wednesday the Supreme Court allowed the union ’s case to be referred to the European Court of Justice .
Maria pointed out that Virgin Airline pilots are also considering strike action over a pay freeze .
J. said it would be “ brilliant ” if all Unite workers at Heathrow came out on strike in support of cabin crews .
“ The support from ground staff and bus drivers is ‘ unbelievable , ’ ” she said .
“ But I do n’t know how we are going to get [ Unite General Secretary ]
Woodley to get everyone out .
They should have balloted everyone at the beginning .
“ Walsh does n’t want to back down .
He ’s taken away the original offer BA made . ”
J. said that she had worked for BA for 23 years .
“ It has been my life .
At one time I would have gone in to work despite all sorts of family problems , but not now .
One crew member has asked for compassionate leave next Tuesday to go to her father - in - law ’s funeral , but this was refused . ”
Another picket added that he had been refused such requests in the past : “ It just goes to show that this job is n’t as easy as the papers say . ”
Our reporters received a friendly response from the picket lines , but when one went into the strike headquarters to hand out leaflets , a union official stormed up shouting aggressively , “ Have n’t I told you to stay outside the gate with the other lot ?
Stop trying to hijack this strike .
Get out now . ”
The Palestinian Prisoners ’ Society has reported , Tuesday , that the number of detainees in Ofer Israeli prison , who have been officially …
Finally , credit card reform has arrived .
Big chunks of the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act ( CARD Act ) of 2009 become effective today .
We got a taste of some of the changes in August , but the meatier portions were put on a back burner to give issuers time to adjust to the new environment .
During that time , consumer advocates accused card issuers of milking consumers for every extra penny they could get by boosting interest rates and changing credit agreements ahead of the law changes .
But the day of change has arrived , and here 's what you should know about the new credit card law :
• Payment timing
Credit card companies must send you a statement at least 21 days before the payment due date .
And under the newly effective portions of the law , when payments are for more than the minimum amount due , the additional money must be applied first to the highest - rate balance .
• Payment protection
More for you Business Some credit card fees are hard for consumers to fathom
The new law requires credit card companies to process payments on the same day they are received .
Therefore , payments are considered on time if they are received on the due date or the following day if the company was closed on the due date .
This also extends to payments made on or before the due date at a local branch .
• Double billing
It 's no longer legal for credit card companies to charge interest twice on the same balance by collecting finance charges on current and previous balances .
• Rate increases
Credit card promotional rates must be for at least six months .
In general , rates on existing balances cannot be raised unless your payment is more than 60 days late .
If you are more than 60 days late and your interest rate goes up as a result , you can get the original rate restored if you make six consecutive months of on - time payments .
Card issuers can raise rates on new balances , but they now must give you 45 days notice , an increase from 15 days .
If you decline to accept the rate hike , you will no longer be able to use the card to make new purchases .
You will have to pay off the balance on the card at the old rate and apply for a new card when it 's paid off .
• Credit limits
Credit issuers can no longer automatically enroll you in over - the - limit protection programs that charge fees for letting you borrow more than you have been approved to borrow .
So when a purchase exceeds your credit limit , your card will be declined .
As embarrassing as that may be while you are standing at a cash register , it might keep you from spending more with a credit card than you can afford to pay back .
Credit card issuers do have the option of letting you borrow more than your credit limit in exchange for a fee , but the new law only allows them to charge only one over - the - limit fee in a billing cycle .
If you choose to use this option , you need to know how much you 'll have to pay for that service .
It wo n't come cheap .
Shannon Buggs has completed the financial planning certificate program at the University of Houston .
She welcomes comments and suggestions but cannot offer specific advice about individual circumstances .
Contact her at shannon.buggs@chron.com .
1889 , socca , later socker ( 1891 ) , soccer ( 1895 ) , originally university slang ( with jocular formation - er ( 3 ) ) , from a shortened form of Assoc. , abbreviation of association in Football Association ( as opposed to Rugby football ) ; compare rugger .
An unusual method of formation , but those who did it perhaps shied away from making a name out of the first three letters of Assoc.
Compare 1890s English schoolboy slang leccer , from lecture ( n. ) .
A special fleet of cop cars that routinely blankets Manhattan landmarks to scare off terrorists is being diverted to the city ’s roughest neighborhoods to try to stem spiking crime rates there , police sources said .
Beginning today , dozens of the police cars are expected to be reassigned from the counter - terrorism Critical Response Vehicle program back to their home boroughs for enhanced crime patrols .
“ This is a direct response to the increase in crime , murders , shootings that have been reported in the media , ” a high - ranking NYPD supervisor told The Post .
“ If that report was n’t made , this never would have happened . ”
As The Post reported last week , murders have skyrocketed more than 22 percent , from 89 to 109 , so far this year when compared to the same period in 2009 .
Meanwhile , the number of shootings is up 19 percent , to 267 .
Since 2002 , most of the NYPD ’s 76 precincts — each of which uses between three and 12 police cars per eight - hour shift — have contributed one or two vehicles a day to the Critical Response Vehicle program .
The special anti-terror team , which then had about 60 cruisers in total , would rotate daily en masse between possible terrorist targets from Times Square to Madison Square Garden to synagogues and hotels .
Each day , the NYPD ’s Counter - Terrorism Bureau has selected the site for the show of force .
But starting today , three of the department ’s eight borough commanders overseeing the precincts are expected to be able to keep their cars — about six to nine apiece — to patrol their high - crime areas .
The program , conceived by the new chief of patrol , James Hall , expands upon a 2 - month - old policy of flooding each high - crime area with up to 75 extra uniformed officers one day a week , usually on a weekend .
By allowing the borough commanders to send reinforcements into the crime - plagued neighborhoods , Hall hopes to cut down the rising crime rate .
But one critic in the NYPD worried that it was the wrong time to lose focus on terrorism in the wake of last week ’s subway bombings in Moscow .
“ Why are they doing it now at this time ?
There was just a bombing in Moscow .
You would think they ’d be increasing terror programs , ” the source said .
larry.celona@nypost.com
The scientist who has been put in charge of the Commerce Department 's new climate change office is coming under attack from both sides of the global warming debate over his handling of what they say is contradictory scientific data related to the subject .
Thomas Karl , 58 , was appointed to oversee the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's ( NOAA ) National Climatic Data Center , an ambitious new office that will collect climate change data and disseminate it to businesses and communities .
According to Commerce Secretary Gary Locke , the office will " help tackle head - on the challenges of mitigating and adapting to climate change .
In the process , we 'll discover new technologies , build new businesses and create new jobs . "
Karl , who has played a pivotal role in key climate decisions over the past decade , has kept a low profile as director of National Climatic Data Center ( NCDC ) since 1998 , and he has led all of the NOAA climate services since 2009 .
His name surfaced numerous times in leaked " climate - gate " e-mails from the University of East Anglia , but there was little in the e-mails that tied him to playing politics with climate data .
Mostly , the e-mails show he was in the center of the politics of climate change decisions
According to a school biography published by Northern Illinois University , Karl shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Al Gore and other leading scientists based on his work at the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , and he was " one of the 10 most influential researchers of the 1990s who have formed or changed the course of research in a given area . "
His appointment was hailed by both the Sierra Club and Duke Energy Company of North Carolina .
Sierra Club President Carl Pope said , " As polluters and their allies continue to try to muddy the waters around climate science , the Climate Service will provide easy , direct access to the valuable scientific research undertaken by government scientists and others . "
And Duke Energy CEO Jin Rogers said the new office , under Karl , will " spark the consensus we need to move forward . "
But Roger Pielke Sr. , a climatologist affiliated with the University of Colorado who has crossed horns with Karl in the past , says his appointment was a mistake .
He accused Karl of suppressing data he submitted for the IPCC 's most recent report on climate change and having a very narrow view of its causes .
The IPCC is charged with reviewing scientific data on climate change and providing policy makers and others with an assessment of current knowledge .
Pielke said he agrees that global warming is happening and that man plays a significant role in it , but he said there are many factors in addition to the release of carbon into the atmosphere that need to be studied to fully understand the phenomenon .
He said he resigned from the IPCC in August 2005 because his data , and the work of numerous other scientists , were not included in its most recent report .
In his resignation letter , Pielke wrote that he had completed the assessment of current knowledge for his chapter of the report , when Karl abruptly took control of the final draft .
He said the chapter he had nearly completed was then rewritten with a too - narrow focus .
One of the key areas of dispute , he said , was in describing " recent regional trends in surface and tropospheric temperatures , " and the impact of land use on temperatures .
It is the interpretation of this data on which the intellectual basis of the idea of global warming hangs .
In an interview , Pielke reiterated that Karl " has actively opposed views different from his own . "
And on his Web site last week , he said Karl 's appointment " assures that policy makers will continue to receive an inappropriately narrow view of our actual knowledge with respect to climate science . "
He said the people who run the agencies in charge of climate monitoring are too narrowly focused , and he worries that the creation of the new office " would give the same small group of people the chance to speak on the issue and exclude others " whose views might diverge from theirs .
Responding to the criticism , Karl told the Washington Post , " the literature does n't show [ Pielke 's ] ideas about the importance of land use are correct . "
Calls to The Commerce Department and to Karl 's office went unanswered .
The IPCC in recent weeks has come under severe criticism after e-mails , hacked from a prestigious climate center , revealed some of the political infighting that occurred as its assessments were being put together and called into question its impartiality .
Climate change skeptics , meanwhile , say Karl 's appointment was unnecessary and pulls scarce resources from more pressing needs .
" The unconstitutional global warming office and its new Web site climate.gov would be charged with propagandizing Americans with eco-alarmism , " wrote Alex Newman of the Liberty Sentinel of Gainesville , Fla .
On the popular skeptic site " Watts Up With That , " Anthony Watts called the climate.gov site a " waste of more taxpayer money " and charged that it is nothing more than a " fast track press release service . "
He wrote that putting Karl in charge was an issue , because he had fabricated photos of " floods that did n't happen " in an earlier NOAA report .
Barack Obama talks a lot about the “ spirit of bipartisanship . ”
Now he ’s had a chance to see it for himself , thanks to a series of diplomatic fumbles between the White House and Israel , usually one of America ’s closest allies .
More than three - quarters of the US House of Representatives signed a letter expressing dismay over the direction of the alliance , warning that the “ highly publicized tensions ” are n’t helping America ’s interests :
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu will continue discussions with his senior ministers in the coming days , looking for a way out of the crisis with the US .
He received some badly needed support on Friday from 327 congressmen , who signed a letter expressing concern that “ the highly publicized tensions ” in US - Israeli ties will “ not advance the interests ” of either state .
…
Meanwhile , in Washington , [ 327 ] congressmen – three - quarters of the House of Representatives – signed a bipartisan letter to US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressing solid support for Israel and the expectation that differences between Jerusalem and Washington will be smoothed over quickly and in private .
“ We are writing to reaffirm our commitment to the unbreakable bond that exists between our country and the State of Israel and to express to you our deep concern over recent tension , ” the letter read .
“ A strong Israel is an asset to the national security of the United States and brings stability to the Middle East .
“ We are concerned that the highly publicized tensions in the relationship will not advance the interests the US and Israel share .
Above all , we must remain focused on the threat posed by the Iranian nuclear weapons program to Middle East peace and stability . ”
The letter stated that the US ’s unswerving commitment to Israel ’s security has been essential in forging previous Israeli - Arab peace agreements , “ both because it convinced those who sought Israel ’s destruction to abandon any such hope and because it gave successive Israeli governments the confidence to take calculated risks for peace . ”
The letter ’s lead signatories were Eric Cantor ( R - VA ) and Steny Hoyer ( D - MD ) .
The letter had only circulated for three days last week before garnering 327 signatures , probably the most bipartisan effort seen on Capitol Hill in this session of Congress .
It provides a measure of just how far out of the mainstream the Obama administration has gotten on relations with Israel .
Moreover , they ’re entirely correct .
Thanks to what amounts to a reversal of 20 years of American policy on settlements in Jerusalem , Obama has given the Palestinians a reason to refuse to come to the table that Israel simply can’t address .
Obama has made peace a lot less likely than it was fifteen months ago by throwing his tantrum in such a public manner .
Weakening Israel wo n’t bring peace — it will bring more attacks on Israel as Palestinians begin to believe that the US wo n’t back its ally any longer .
Jennifer Rubin believes
Obama ’s fumble was by design , or at least by instinctual hostility towards Israel .
With advisers like Samantha Power at the White House , that hostility was known long before Obama got elected .
Accidental , latent , or overt , Obama ’s hostility towards a key democracy in the most strategic part of the world has raised eyebrows of both Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill — perhaps belatedly , but not too late to put some serious pressure for this administration to grow the hell up .
Packages
Design goals
The over - arching goal of the Common Lisp package system is manage the symbols of very large Lisp systems .
This devolves into three subgoals :
Hierarchical Little packages are built up symbol by symbol .
Medium sized packages are built up from little packages .
Large packages are built from medium sized ones .
And so on .
It is unacceptable to have to build very large packages symbol by symbol Fast Symbol look up must be fast .
It is unacceptable for the Common Lisp Reader to wait while the package system walks a large tree of package definitions .
The target ideal is to simply hash the string and find the symbol .
Memory efficient
Since the package system targets very large systems the target ideal is memory consumption that scales linearly with the number of symbols in the system .
It is not acceptable to use lots of memory to fully expand the tree of package definitions
Non-goal : Coherent mutability
One could attempt to compute with the package system by changing it as the computation proceeds .
This would involve tracking internal dependencies in order to maintain coherence in the face of mutation .
This is explicitly rejected .
You build the package system .
You use it , taking advantage of the fact that it is fast and memory efficient .
Finally you exit the Lisp image , discarding it .
It only supports sufficient mutability for construction and debugging .
A two stage naming process
In Common Lisp the names of variables and functions are symbols .
Symbols are not strings of characters .
Symbols are in - core data structures with various slots including a property list , a function cell , and a value cell .
Symbols have names and the names of symbols are strings of characters .
Thus access to a variable from the keyboard is a two stage operation .
First the user types in some characters .
It is a symbol name and is looked up to find a symbol .
That symbol names a variable which is looked up to find its value .
Rather than try to justify Common Lisp 's two step naming process , I will contradict myself by denying it .
Programs that write programs and programs that analyse programs never touch the keyboard with a robotic hand .
They work with symbols as the names of functions and variables and never look at the symbols ' names .
From their point of view it is a single step process .
Uniqueness requirements
The names of functions and variables are unique .
Distinct functions have distinct name .
Distinct varibles have distinct names .
So a symbol names at most one function and one variable .
That account is not fully pedantic .
( flet ( (s ( x ) 1 ) ( ( setf s ) ( new - value x ) 2 ) ) ( let ( (s 3 ) ) ( declare ( special s ) ) ( let ( (s 4 ) ) ( setf ( s s ) ( locally ( declare ( special s ) ) ( s s ) ) ) ) ) )
( setf ( s s ) ( locally ( declare ( special s ) ) ( s s ) ) )
s
There is no uniqueness requirement on the names of symbols .
A common character string , such as " x " quite frequently names a dozen or more symbols .
When you type in john :: smith the function CL: READ upcases the symbol name from smith to SMITH and upcases the package prefix from john to JOHN .
It does this for historical reasons .
Then it goes looking for a symbol called SMITH in a package called JOHN .
Neither disjoint nor exhaustive
If you have done a little mathematics you have probably come across the theorem that an equivalence relation partitions a set .
Here partition is a technical term indicating both that the partition is exhaustive , every element of the set belongs to some equivalence class , and disjoint , none of the equivalence classes overlap .
The notion of a partition is an attractive one and every - one who studies the Common Lisp package system starts by imagining that the packages partition the set of symbols in a program .
This is a catastrophic error and you must continually fight against it .
Common Lisp packages are not exhaustive .
There are symbols that belong to no package .
There are a great many such symbols and they are deliberately created outside the package system , usually with gensym
The point is that program writing programs , such as one creates with defmacro , need their own private variables that cannot clash with those typed in by the user .
Omitting these symbols from the package system makes it impossible to type them in , which prevents name clashes .
Common Lisp packages are not disjoint .
Indeed all 978 symbols in the COMMON - LISP package usually belong to every package .
If a program contains widely used utility functions the symbols that name those functions typically pervade nearly all of the packages that make up the program
Fundamental requirement
The key uniqueness reqirement on the package system is that for each package individually the symbols belonging to that package have unique names .
Given a symbol - name , such as SMITH , and a package - name , such as JOHN , there is only one possible symbol that they could be naming .
Notice the weakness of this uniqueness requirement .
The symbol from the previous paragraph could also belong to another package PAUL .
Then john :: smith and paul : : smith are the same symbol .
The presence of the symbol called SMITH in the JOHN package prevents any other symbol called SMITH from joining the JOHN package .
When the symbol called SMITH signs up to the PAUL package as well it blocks that package from any other symbol called SMITH .
It is hogging two packages .
This kind of package hogging is ubiquitous .
Symbols in the COMMON - LISP package get everywhere .
JOHN ::CAR = PAUL ::CAR = COMMON -LISP:CAR .
If your program involves automobiles you are out of luck !
Well , out of luck for several paragraphs , until we get to shadowing symbols .
Notice that my john :: smith example clunks .
A package name does n't really work like a symbol 's given name , nor does it work like a symbol 's family name .
Indeed the clunkiness of the example conveys this message : do n't try to think of the package name as an extra component to the symbols name , it does n't really work like that .
A partition
Each package classifies the symbols that belong to it as internal or external .
This is a partition .
Each symbol is either internal or external but never both .
A symbol may belong to many packages .
It is internal or external in each package independently .
If a symbol belongs to n packages the system must store n bits just to keep track of whether it is internal or external in each of its packages .
One assumes that this is implemented as one bit in each package .
Simple example
A manufacturing program .
Alice writes the code for handling wood in a package called WOOD .
Bob writes the code for handling metal in a package called METAL .
( defpackage " WOOD " ( : use " COMMON - LISP " ) ( : export " GLUE " " NAIL " " BURN " " GROW " ) )
Variables and functions are named by symbols .
What kind of object names a package ?
If packages were named by symbols we would need to look up the name of the symbol in a package to find out which symbol was intended .
Which package should we look in ?
What would that package be called ?
Common Lisp avoids an infinite regress by using strings to name packages .
Alice does n't want to be typing
( cl : defun square ( x ) ( cl : * x x ) )
( wood : : defun square ( x ) ( wood : :* x x ) )
( defun square ( x ) (* x x ) )
Bob knows more about Lisp .
He knows that COMMON - LISP has a nickname CL , and he understands a rather technical point that we leave for later that means that he can get away with writing :
( defpackage metal ( : use cl ) ( : export weld rivet smelt cast ) )
:use
Alice and Bob cooperate on the main program , which lives in the MAIN package .
( defpackage main ( : use cl wood metal ) )
Grand Strategy
Part of the Lisp vision is to use S - expressions as a general purpose human readable data format .
The reader is important because it is used for reading Lisp source code .
The wider vision puts it an the center of information technology strategy , standardising on a single format for both code and data
This is an attractive vision , for practical reasons .
Every additional data format your organisation supports is costing you money , but your customers do n't care and wo n't pay for them .
The fuss and bother of multiple data formats is pure muda .
On the other hand this strategy puts great pressure on READ .
It must be efficient .
This pressure also bears on the infrasture that supports READ .
When READ reads a symbol it has to look it up via the package system , so the package system must also be efficient .
The key to understanding the package system is to approach it from the perspective of speed and memory consumption .
What design makes it fast without making it bloated ?
From this point of view the design of the Common Lisp package system has a compelling logic to it , and the details are as one would expect from the general principles .
Anticipating the threats to efficiency
You can already see the basic problem taking shape .
MAIN , WOOD , and METAL all use CL , all 978 symbols of it .
When we write
( defpackage uber - package ( : use package1 package2 ... package -n ) )
The design of the Common Lisp package system is that UBER - PACKAGE merely remembers which packages it uses .
When READ wants to look up a string in UBER - PACKAGE in order to find a symbol , the package first checks the symbols that it is looking after directly , then it checks all the packages that it is using .
This avoids the problem of bloat , but it causes another problem to loom up , that of pointer chasing .
The concern about pointer chasing is that a large system might accumulate long chains of package use , with package " A " using package " B " which uses package " C " and so on .
Indeed if package " C " uses package " A " one might say " and so on , add infinitum " .
The design of the Common Lisp package system resolves these concerns by limiting the system to a single level of indirection .
This decision guarantees efficiency but it blows a hole in the design by omitting necessary functionality .
Sometimes package " A " uses package " B " and package " B " uses package " C " and you need package " B " to pass a symbol through from package " C " to package " A " .
Obviously we need to expain how this hole is patched , but the limitation to a single level of indirection is achieved in an interesting way , so we discuss that first , leaving the issue of passing symbols through a package for later , even though it is very important .
Using packages does n't chain
When package YING uses package YANG , the external symbols of YANG are added to the internal symbols of YING .
If in addition package YANG uses package YING this appears to create a loop in the package system .
This is an illusion .
YANG only uses the external symbols of YING .
The symbols that YING got from YANG became internal symbols of YING , so YANG does not see its own symbols coming back to it via YING .
So circular package definitions , in which two packages use each other , are not really circular .
They should be treated as common place and unremarkable .
Although the rule that the external symbols of the used package become the internal symbols of the using package avoids chains of inheritance and avoids cycles there is the banal issue of forward reference .
We deal with this next , while the loose thread of passing symbols through a package contines to dangle .
Forward references
The issue of forward references is not banal the first time one meets it , but one has met it before , in the context of mutually recursive functions .
A common coding style is to code up the function calling tree starting from the leaves .
If f calls g and h then one writes the code and places it in the source file in the order g , h , f .
If functions u and v are mutually recursive which do you put first ?
In Common Lisp organising your source file starting at the leaves and working towards the trunk is a convention that you are free to reject .
The language does not require it .
In PASCAL ( if memory serves ) leaf - to - trunk is required by the language and there is a special forward declaration that is necessary to achieve mutual recursion .
Common Lisp is able to cope without forward references because the forward referenced function is not actually called until run time , which happens after the whole file has been compiled .
The package system has a problem .
Rember that it has a uniqueness requirement .
No package may contain two symbols with the same name .
That requirement goes right to the point of the package system and has to be checked .
The designers opted for eager checking .
( defpackage " A " ( :use " B " " C " ) )
Let us put this in the context of our example .
The program for manufacturing needs some maths utilities , sine , cosine , logarithm , square - root .
Suppose that Alice and Bob divide up the work between them with Alice putting sine and cosine in her WOOD package , and Bob putting logarithm and square - root in his METAL package .
This is probably a bad decision : they should create a fourth package MATHS and put all four in there , but the decision is good enough to give verisimilitude to my example .
Now the file packages .
lisp that contains the package definitions reads like this :
( defpackage wood ( : use cl ) ( : export glue nail burn grow sine cosine ) ) ( defpackage metal ( : use cl wood ) ( : export weld rivet smelt cast logarithm square - root ) ) ;;
Now that we have defined metal we can go ;; back and fix up wood to use metal ( use - package ' metal ' wood ) ( defpackage main ( : use cl wood metal ) )
Take a moment to ponder the difference between defun and defpackage .
You can distribute your defun s across multiple files and load them in any order .
However the system must enocunter defpackage s in leaf - to - trunk order , with fix - up commands in the right places .
If you distribute your defpackage commands across your source files you impose constraints on the order of loading your files to build your system , constraints that you might have avoided .
This is why you are advised to put all of the defpackage commands in a single packages file that is loaded first .
This confines the ordering requirements imposed by the package system to a single constraint : load packages .
lisp first .
In Common Lisp : The Language , Guy Steele shows how to write files with mutually using defpackages distributed across source files .
The clever code checks for the existence of packages and lets you load the files in any order .
This is an unnecessary flight of technique that makes the package system appear more difficult than it really is .
Just put your package defintions in a single file , packages.lisp , and have an easy time of it .
Once again my example clunks .
It would have been better to organise the packages like this
( defpackage maths ( : use cl ) ( : export sine cosine logarithm square - root ) ) ( defpackage wood ( : use cl maths ) ( : export glue nail burn grow ) ( defpackage metal ( : use cl maths ) ( : export weld rivet ) smelt cast ) ( defpackage main ( : use cl wood metal maths ) )
Passing symbols on
We have seen that package use does n't chain .
the external symbols of the used package become internal symbols of the using package and so are not picked up by further use .
This leaves a loose end because sometimes you need to pass a symbol on , from a leaf package , through a branch package , towards the trunk .
You do it like this :
( defpackage leaf ( : export popular ) ) ( defpackage branch ( : use leaf ) ( : export popular ) ) ( defpackage trunk ( : use branch ) )
There are three words of jargon associated with this , with present , accessible , and inherited being technical terms .
Present
The implications of a symbol being present in a package are that memory is consumed by the package object linearly with the number of symbols that are present and that access to that symbol via the package attains the ideal of hashing the string and finding the symbol .
Inherited
The implications of a symbol being inherited by a package are that memory is consumed by the package object in proportion to the number of packages used by the package , and that access to that symbol is slowed down by the need to search through the list of packages .
accessible
Either present or inherited
Comparing a present symbol with an inherited symbol we notice that inherited symbols are very economical on memory .
A package can use another package with a great many external symbols , all for a small fixed cost in memory .
In our initial example all the symbols are present in exactly one package and accessible in one or two packages .
Then we added four symbols for mathematics and they were accessible in all three packages , but they were still only present in a single package .
The typical situation in a small program is that every symbol is present exactly once and many symbols are accessible via several different packages .
In a larger program some symbols are passed through from leaf package via a branch package to a trunk package .
Such symbols are present in both the leaf and the branch .
Indeed they can be present in several branches .
We have so far only added symbols to packages either in bulk , with :use and use - package , or individually with : external .
Looking ahead there are also import commands that can add a symbol from one package to another package .
These provide a second way in which a symbol can be present in more than one package .
We will motivate this additional commands before discussing them further .
Symbol initialisation without package qualifiers
* package *
The goal of these arrangements is " print - read consistancy " .
When a symbol is printed out , reading that text back in should get back to the same symbol .
See 2.3.6 Package System Consistency Rules for extra consistancy rules
If we continue to use the same package printing - read consitancy is easy : it is sufficient to print just the name of the symbol .
If we change to a different package , but one in which the symbol is accessible , merely printing the sybol - name remains sufficient .
However we may change to a package in which the symbol is not accessible .
Now the printer must prefix the symbol 's name with a package qualifier .
It is sufficient to use any package in which the symbol is accessible .
If we consider the possibility of un-using a package we see that it is more robust to use a package in which the symbol is present .
Common Lisp adopts a simple approach .
When a symbol is created it makes a note of the package then current .
This is the symbols home - package and can be accessed with symbol - package .
Later , if the symbol becomes present in other packages in addition to the home package this creates forward pointers from those packages to the symbol , but Common Lisp does not create backward pointers from the symbol to the additional packages in which it is present
Unintern
Cancelling inadvertent symbol creation
When you are working interactively and changing between packages it is common to accidently create a symbol in the wrong package .
You can cancel the package entry of a newly created symbol with unintern .
Cancelling inadvertent pass - throughs
Sometimes you export an inherited symbol that you did n't mean to export .
Now it is present in a package in which it should only be accessible via inheritance .
You can cancel this with unintern which removes its entry in a specified package
The limits of unintern
In more complicated situations a symbol may be present in multiple packages .
If you unintern it from its home package Common Lisp will set the symbol 's home package to nil .
If you print it out Common Lisp will check the home package cell in the symbol 's data structure and because it is nil the symbol will appear as #:symbol indicating that it is an uninterned symbol .
However it is still accessible via the packages in which it is present .
Worse it will often be present in those packages becauses they export it .
So it will remain accessible via all the package that use any of the packages in which it is still present .
In the worst case it may still be accessible in the package from which it was unintern - unintern will appear to have partially failed to work .
Remember the package systems non-goal .
If you are debugging and the package system has got into a mess it is time to correct your sources , quit the Lisp image and start a fresh build .
Subtraction
CSS Specificity And Inheritance
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
CSS ’ barrier to entry is extremely low , mainly due to the nature of its syntax .
Being clear and easy to understand , the syntax makes sense even to the inexperienced Web designer .
It ’s so simple , in fact , that you could style a simple CSS - based website within a few hours of learning it .
CSS ’ barrier to entry is extremely low , mainly due to the nature of its syntax .
Being clear and easy to understand , the syntax makes sense even to the inexperienced Web designer .
It ’s so simple , in fact , that you could style a simple CSS - based website within a few hours of learning it .
But this apparent simplicity is deceitful .
If after a few hours of work , your perfectly crafted website looks great in Safari , all hell might break loose if you have n’t taken the necessary measures to make it work in Internet Explorer .
In a panic , you add hacks and filters where only a few tweaks or a different approach might do .
Knowing how to deal with these issues comes with experience , with trial and error and with failing massively and then learning the correct way .
Understanding a few often overlooked concepts is also important .
The concepts may be hard to grasp and look boring at first , but understanding them and knowing how to take advantage of them is important .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Two of these concepts are specificity and inheritance .
Not very common words among Web designers , are they ?
Talking about border - radius and text - shadow is a lot more fun ; but specificity and inheritance are fundamental concepts that any person who wants to be good at CSS should understand .
They will help you create clean , maintainable and flexible style sheets .
Let ’s look at what they mean and how they work .
The notion of a “ cascade ” is at the heart of CSS ( just look at its name ) .
It ultimately determines which properties will modify a given element .
The cascade is tied to three main concepts : importance , specificity and source order .
The cascade follows these three steps to determine which properties to assign to an element .
By the end of this process , the cascade has assigned a weight to each rule , and this weight determines which rule takes precedence , when more than one applies .
1. Importance
Style sheets can have a few different sources :
User agent
For example , the browser ’s default style sheet .
User Such as the user ’s browser options .
Author
This is the CSS provided by the page ( whether inline , embedded or external )
By default , this is the order in which the different sources are processed , so the author ’s rules will override those of the user and user agent , and so on .
There is also the ! important declaration to consider in the cascade .
This declaration is used to balance the relative priority of user and author style sheets .
While author style sheets take precedence over user ones , if a user rule has ! important applied to it , it will override even an author rule that also has ! important applied to it .
Knowing this , let ’s look at the final order , in ascending order of importance :
User agent declarations , User declarations , Author declarations , Author ! important declarations , User ! important declarations .
This flexibility in priority is key because it allows users to override styles that could hamper the accessibility of a website .
( A user might want a larger font or a different color , for example . )
2. Specificity
Every CSS rule has a particular weight ( as mentioned in the introduction ) , meaning it could be more or less important than the others or equally important .
This weight defines which properties will be applied to an element when there are conflicting rules .
Upon assessing a rule ’s importance , the cascade attributes a specificity to it ; if one rule is more specific than another , it overrides it .
If two rules share the same weight , source and specificity , the later one is applied .
2.1 How to Calculate Specificity ?
There are several ways to calculate a selector ’s specificity .
The quickest way is to do the following .
Add 1 for each element and pseudo - element ( for example , : before and : after ) ; add 10 for each attribute ( for example , [ type= ” text ” ] ) , class and pseudo - class ( for example , : link or : hover ) ; add 100 for each ID ; and add 1000 for an inline style .
Let ’s calculate the specificity of the following selectors using this method :
** p.note ** 1 class + 1 element = 11
1 class + 1 element = 11 **# sidebar p[lang= " en " ]** 1 ID + 1 attribute + 1 element = 111
1 ID + 1 attribute + 1 element = 111 ** body #main . post ul li:last - child ** 1 ID + 1 class + 1 pseudo- class + 3 elements = 123
A similar method , described in the W3C ’s specifications , is to start with a=0 , b=0 , c=0 and d=0 and replace the numbers accordingly :
a = 1 if the style is inline ,
b = the number of IDs ,
c = the number of attribute selectors , classes and pseudo - classes ,
d = the number of element names and pseudo - elements .
Let ’s calculate the specificity of another set of selectors :
**< p style= " color : #000000 ; " >** a=1 , b=0 , c=0 , d=0 → 1000
a=1 , b=0 , c=0 , d=0 → 1000 ** footer nav li:last - child ** a=0 , b=0 , c=1 , d=3 → 0013
a=0 , b=0 , c=1 , d=3 → 0013 **# sidebar input:not ( [ type= " submit " ] ) ** a=0 , b=1 , c=1 , d=1 → 0111 ( Note that the negation pseudo - class does n’t count , but the selector inside it does . )
If you ’d rather learn this in a more fun way , Andy Clarke drew a clever analogy between specificity and Star Wars back in 2005 , which certainly made it easier for Star Wars fans to understand specificity .
Another good explanation is “ CSS Specificity for Poker Players , ” though slightly more complicated .
Andy Clarke ’s CSS Specificity Wars chart .
Remember that non-CSS presentational markup is attributed with a specificity of 0 , which would apply , for example , to the font tag .
Getting back to the ! important declaration , keep in mind that using it on a shorthand property is the same as declaring all of its sub-properties as ! important ( even if that would revert them to the default values ) .
If you are using imported style sheets ( @import ) in your CSS , you have to declare them before all other rules .
Thus , they would be considered as coming before all the other rules in the CSS file .
Finally , if two selectors turn out to have the same specificity , the last one will override the previous one (s ) .
2.2 Making Specificity Work For You
If not carefully considered , specificity can come back to haunt you and lead you to unwittingly transform your style sheets into a complex hierarchy of unnecessarily complicated rules .
You can follow a few guidelines to avoid major issues :
When starting work on the CSS , use generic selectors , and add specificity as you go along ;
Using advanced selectors does n’t mean using unnecessarily complicated ones ;
Rely more on specificity than on the order of selectors , so that your style sheets are easier to edit and maintain ( especially by others ) .
A good rule of thumb can be found in Jim Jeffers ’ article , “ The Art and Zen of Writing CSS ” :
Refactoring CSS selectors to be less specific is exponentially more difficult than simply adding specific rules as situations arise .
3. Inheritance
A succinct and clear explanation of inheritance is in the CSS3 Cascading and Inheritance module specifications ( still in “ Working draft ” mode ) :
Inheritance is a way of propagating property values from parent elements to their children .
Some CSS properties are inherited by the children of elements by default .
For example , if you set the body tag of a page to a specific font , that font will be inherited by other elements , such as headings and paragraphs , without you having to specifically write as much .
This is the magic of inheritance at work .
The CSS specification determines whether each property is inherited by default or not .
Not all properties are inherited , but you can force ones to be by using the inherit value .
3.1 Object - Oriented Programming Inheritance
Though beyond the scope of this article , CSS inheritance should n’t be confused with object - oriented programming ( OOP ) inheritance .
Here is the definition of OOP inheritance from Wikipedia , and it makes clear that we are not talking about the same thing :
In object - oriented programming ( OOP ) , inheritance is a way to form new classes [… ] using classes that have already been defined .
Inheritance is employed to help reuse existing code with little or no modification .
The new classes [ … ] inherit attributes and behavior of the pre-existing classes . …
3.2 How Inheritance Works
When an element inherits a value from its parent , it is inheriting its computed value .
What does this mean ?
Every CSS property goes through a four - step process when its value is being determined .
Here ’s an excerpt from the W3C specification :
The final value of a property is the result of a four - step calculation : the value is determined through specification ( the “ specified value ” ) , then resolved into a value that is used for inheritance ( the “ computed value ” ) , then converted into an absolute value if necessary ( the “ used value ” ) , and finally transformed according to the limitations of the local environment ( the “ actual value ” ) .
In other words :
Specified value
The user agent determines whether the value of the property comes from a style sheet , is inherited or should take its initial value .
Computed value
The specified value is resolved to a computed value and exists even when a property does n’t apply .
The document does n’t have to be laid out for the computed value to be determined .
Used value
The used value takes the computed value and resolves any dependencies that can only be calculated after the document has been laid out ( like percentages ) .
Actual value
This is the value used for the final rendering , after any approximations have been applied ( for example , converting a decimal to an integer ) .
If you look at any CSS property ’s specification , you will see that it defines its initial ( or default ) value , the elements it applies to , its inheritance status and its computed value ( among others ) .
For example , the background - color specification states the following :
Name : background - color Value : < color > Initial : transparent Applies to : all elements Inherited : no Percentages : N/ A Media : visual Computed value : the computed color(s )
Confusing ?
It can be .
So , what do we need to understand from all this ?
And why is it relevant to inheritance ?
Let ’s go back to the first sentence of this section , which should make more sense now .
When an element inherits a value from its parent , it inherits its computed value .
Because the computed value exists even if it is n’t specified in the style sheet , a property can be inherited even then : the initial value will be used .
So , you can make use of inheritance even if the parent does n’t have a specified property .
3.3 Using Inheritance
The most important thing to know about inheritance is that it ’s there and how it works .
If you ignore the jargon , inheritance is actually very straightforward .
Imagine you had to specify the font - size or font - family of every element , instead of simply adding it to the body element ?
That would cumbersome , which is why inheritance is so helpful .
Do n’t break it by using the universal selector ( * ) with properties that inherit by default .
Bobby Jack wrote an interesting post about this on his Five - Minute Argument blog .
You do n’t have to remember all of the properties that inherit , but you will in time .
Rarely does a CSS - related article not bring some kind of bad news about Internet Explorer .
This article is no exception .
IE supports the inherit value only from version 8 , except for the direction and visibility properties .
Great .
If you use tools like Firebug or Safari ’s Web Inspector , you can see how a given cascade works , which selectors have higher specificity and how inheritance is working on a particular element .
For example , here below is Firebug in action , inspecting an element on the page .
You can see that some properties are overridden ( i.e. crossed out ) by other more specific rules :
Firebug in action , informing you how specificity is working .
In the next shot , Safari ’s Web Inspector shows the computed values of an element .
This way , you can see the values even though they have n’t been explicitly added to the style sheet :
With Safari’s Web Inspector ( and Firebug ) , you can view the computed values of a particular element .
5. Conclusion
Hopefully this article has opened your eyes to ( or has refreshed your knowledge of ) CSS inheritance and specificity .
We encourage you to read the articles cited below , as well as Smashing Magazine ’s previous article on the topic .
Even if you do n’t think about them , these issues are present in your daily work as a CSS author .
Especially in the case of specificity , it ’s important to know how they affect your style sheets and how to plan for them so that they cause only minimal ( or no ) problems .
Resources And Further Reading
The Georgia state legislature , on top of the latest threats , is holding hearings on a bill to ban implanting people with microchips — as one rumor suggested the Health Care Reform bill mandated .
But the good folks who run the Judiciary Committee seemed to have gotten a bit more than they reckoned with when one of their hearing witnesses claimed that she had already been implanted with a microchip .
And not just any microchip , but one the Pentagon had implanted in her “ vaginal - rectum area ” , apparently to track her movements .
Presumably part of the Stimulus Bill .
Did Michael Madigan set up a fake opponent in Patrick John Ryan ?
Yet again , the speaker faces a Republican with a long history of voting Democratic
Patrick John Ryan is a 30 - year - old Southwest - sider with a good - sounding Irish name who has filed as a Republican to run against the powerful Democrat and Illinois House speaker Michael Madi­gan this November .
That much we know .
We also know , according to public records , that Ryan has voted in every Democratic primary since 1998 .
What ’s more , he has n’t yet set up a registered political committee — a sure sign of any serious candidate — and has n’t reported raising even one cent for his campaign .
Last , he did n’t respond to the Tribune and Sun - Times candidate questionnaires , which the papers rely on to some degree in making their endorsements .
Something odd is going on — again !
In the 2006 and 2008 general elections , Madigan ’s opponent was Robert P. Famiglietti , a paper - tiger Republican with a history of voting Democratic .
Before that , Madigan ’s four - time opponent was Terrence Goggin , whom the Tribune called “ a wholly owned subsidiary ” of Madigan .
Not surprisingly , Madigan crushed them both .
So what ’s the deal here ?
Newspapers have suggested that Madigan has a history of running against a pretend Republican who is put on the ballot by the speaker ’s workers to give the appearance of a real competitive contest without actual competition .
“ It ’s pathetic , ” says Pat Brady , the chairman of the Illinois Republican Party .
“ I do n’t have evidence [ Madigan ] did it , but this is not something we have n’t seen before .
It just shows he ’s not willing to accept or tolerate legitimate opposition .
Why take the risk when you can rig the game ? ”
So who is Patrick John Ryan ?
“ Nobody knows , ” says Brady .
“ Maybe he ’s the guy from Patriot Games , ” he adds , confusing the candidate ’s name with the name of author Tom Clancy ’s fictional former marine , history professor , and CIA agent , John Patrick Ryan .
Like Madigan ’s earlier virtually invisible opponents , the Republican Party has so far seen neither Ryan ’s hide nor hair , only his paperwork .
At the end of December 2009 , the party put out a tongue - in - cheek missing persons report for him , to no avail .
( Multiple calls to Ryan ’s home — which doubles as his campaign headquarters , according to election records — were unreturned .
A spokesman for Madigan says : “ I never heard of the gentleman .
I would n’t think anybody [ in the speaker ’s political organization ] would spend time to put anyone on the ballot . ” )
Brady says the party tried unsuccessfully to recruit a legitimate challenger to run against Madigan .
“ We tried to recruit a young Hispanic , ” explains Brady , refusing to identify the potential candidate ’s name but noting that Madigan ’s district is largely Latino .
“ Let ’s be realistic .
Mike Madigan is a powerful guy , and a lot of people do n’t want to go on a suicide mission . ”
Photography : ( Madigan ) Chicago Tribune photo by Michael Tercha , ( milk carton ) ktphotog/istockphoto.com
This article appears in the March 2010 issue of Chicago magazine .
Subscribe to Chicago magazine .
Share
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A senior cardinal has said the Roman Catholic faithful will not be swayed by " petty gossip " about child sex - abuse allegations .
Cardinal Angelo Sodano , dean of the College of Cardinals , made the remark in an unusual message of support to Pope Benedict XVI during Easter Mass .
The Pope did not mention the scandal directly in his Easter address .
He said humanity was suffering from a " profound crisis " and needed " spiritual and moral conversion " .
Meanwhile , the Pope 's personal preacher has apologised for comparing criticism of the Catholic Church over child abuse to " collective violence suffered by the Jews " in a Good Friday sermon .
Easter does n't work magic
Pope Benedict XVI
Pope 's preacher apologises
In pictures : Easter celebrations Abuse scandal tackled in sermons Fr Raniero Cantalamessa told Italy 's Corriere della Sera newspaper that he had only meant to point to " the use of stereotype and the easy passage from individual to collective guilt " .
Allegations of abuse - many dating back decades - have put pressure on the Church recently in many countries , including the Pope 's native Germany , Ireland , Switzerland , the Netherlands , Austria , and the US .
The Church has persisted in playing down the developing scandal provoked by the allegations , says the BBC's David Willey in Rome .
' Humanity 's crisis ' During Easter Mass in St Peter 's Square , Cardinal Sodano expressed solidarity with the Pope , who has himself come under scrutiny for his role in handling past cases of abuse .
" Holy Father , the people of God are with you and will not let themselves be influenced by the petty gossip of the moment , by the trials that sometimes assail the community of believers , " the cardinal said .
ANALYSIS David Willey , BBC News , Rome
The Pope seems uncertain how to deal with a crisis of confidence unparalleled in modern times .
The Vatican 's public relations strategy so far has been to blame the media - particularly the foreign media - for exaggerating the problem .
Many bishops have rallied to support the Pope and his policies for dealing with paedophile priests , although some are openly demanding greater humility and transparency from the Church .
The Vatican has in the past consistently played down the extent of clerical paedophilia .
Its spokesman has been engaged in a major damage control operation .
He has to try to convince the world that policies now in place are adequate to tackle the problem and ensure that clerics who commit these crimes are properly tried in the civil courts as well as punished by Church authorities .
His remarks echoed comments made a week earlier by Pope Benedict .
With the Church already under pressure over the abuse allegations , the Pope said his faith would help give him the courage to deflect " petty gossip " .
In his Easter " Urbi et Orbi " address , the Pope said the salvation of the Gospel was needed " to emerge from a profound crisis , one which requires deep change , beginning with consciences " .
After offering prayers for victims of crime , conflict and natural disasters around the world , he added : " Easter does n't work magic ...
After the resurrection the Church always finds history filled not only with joy and hope but also with grief and anguish . "
Pope Benedict has not made any explicit comment on the issue since he penned a letter apologising for child - abuse in the Irish Church late last month .
The pontiff has been accused personally of failing to take action against a suspected abuser during his tenure as archbishop of Munich - a claim the Vatican strongly denies .
Critics also say that when he was prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , which deals with sex abuse cases , he did not act against a priest in the US state of Wisconsin who is thought to have abused some 200 deaf boys .
The Vatican 's official newspaper , L'Osservatore Romano , stepped up its defence of the Pope in its Sunday edition , publishing messages of support from around the world and denouncing the " slanderous attacks and the defamation campaign surrounding the drama of abuse by priests " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dec 1982 Through 1983
John and Chuck left PARC and started Adobe Systems with the express purpose of writing a second - generation PDL that they will call “ PostScript . ”
Very early on John contacted me .
Although I do not recall ever meeting John at PARC , he had clearly followed our stuff .
He knew that I thought that there was a desperate need for a single , standard means of describing text and graphic pages to be output to printers and typesetting machines .
At that point , every output device operated somewhat differently and could perform different functions .
Every manufacturer used different type fonts .
The commands to drive each machine were different .
It was a complete mess .
At Rocappi in the 1960 ’s we had addressed this problem by visualizing what you can think of as a universal virtual typesetting machine .
Our “ target ” machine could do everything we could imagine such a machine might ever do .
Any actual machine was a sub - set of this .
15 years later , we were entering a world in which everyone would have to deal with complex graphics and images as well as type .
The world needed a universal means of describing any page , no matter how complex .
This is precisely what PostScript promised to do .
I immediately began to publicize the concept and give lots of attention to Adobe — and , later to the several other candidates who joined the contest to become the de-facto standard page description language .
But , what happened in 1984 , guaranteed that Adobe would win :
January 1984 : Apple Introduces the Mac
Big splash .
A few days before the introduction , I had taken my pre-production Mac to Washington DC to give several clients a hands - on preview of the future of desktop computing in the days following the announcement .
No - one noticed the distinctive square carry bag I carried with me on the airplane .
On the return trip after the announcement , I was stopped over and over by people who realized what I must be carrying .
I had never before seen anything like this .
Nevertheless , the original 128K Mac was not something that most people wanted to run out to buy .
March 1984
At the Seybold Seminars conference in Santa Monica that March , Apple had several Macs on display in the hands - on area where we invited vendors to show off new products .
We had two ladies from Apple on the program to talk about the Mac .
They arrived looking very bedraggled .
They had been touring the country for over a month to a terrible reception .
No one “ got it . ”
But , all of a sudden in Santa Monica , they had walked into an environment in which almost everyone “ got it ” .
It was an electric moment .
From that moment , publishing was suddenly the golden market for Apple .
Couple Months Later
Not sure of the exact date , but Steve called me and said that he had something exciting to show me .
I flew up to Cupertino and walked into a little room to see Steve looking like the cat that had just gotten the canary .
He said that he wanted to bring someone else into the meeting , and in walked John Warnock .
Apple had made a deal with Adobe to support PostScript .
Apple would have the LaserWriter .
Adobe had done a deal with Linotype .
Adobe would make PostSript versions of Linotype fonts ( the best in the business ) .
Linotype would sell PostScript versions of their high quality laser typesetters — which now became “ imagesetters ” rather than “ typesetters ” .
I told Steve that he had just turned publishing upside down .
Shortly After
When Paul Brainerd had left Atex in the fall of 1983 , I had offered him a job .
He said that he was flattered , but that he had something else he wanted to do .
That something else was PageMaker — the original desktop publishing program .
When the PageMaker team started out in early 1984 , they had targeted the program for the PC .
After I had been briefed on the Apple / Adobe / Linotype deal I called Paul and told him that I could not tell him why , but he really needed to talk with John Scull ( evangelist for publishing at Apple ) .
I then called John and said that he really needed to talk with Paul .
Aldus quickly change its focus to writing PageMaker for the Mac .
PageMaker provided the missing link that made the Apple / Adobe thing really work .
Paul suggested that the “ thing ” be called “ desktop publishing ” .
John Scull and I both agreed .
So , that ’s what we all called it .
It was announced to the world in January 1985 .
1985 : Steve Jobs Kicked Out of Apple .
Founds NeXT .
He would not return for to Apple for 11 years .
NeXT took the Adobe relationship one step further .
Steve realized that PostScript was much more powerful than the QuickDraw language that Apple used to draw graphics on the Macintosh screen .
You could not express on the Mac screen everything you could print on a PostScript printer .
This was crazy .
So , Steve worked closely with Adobe to develop Display PostScript : basically using a simplified version of PostScript as the graphic language for the NeXT workstation screen .
Through all of this Steve and John Warnock had a close working relationship .
They were the only two senior execs I came in contact with in the computer industry who had a real aesthetic sense and a deep appreciation for things that look right and work right .
1989 : “ Font Wars ”
Adobe ’s business was licensing PostScript , supplying PostScript RIP processors to drive laser printers and imagesetters , and selling Type 1 PostScript fonts .
Manufacturers of typesetting machines had always used proprietary font technology and font libraries as a way of differentiating their machines , creating a barrier to competition , and as a very important profit center .
Adobe was doing the same thing .
But , the world was changing .
Other companies were offering less expensive PostScript “ clone ” processors , and the font business was changing before everyone ’s eyes .
If we were going to have a standard PDL and basically interchangeable output devices , we were eventually going to have an open standard for type fonts as well .
Adobe kept saying “ no . ”
With Steve Jobs long gone , Apple was chafing at paying Adobe ’s high prices for fonts .
It decided that it would develop its own competing font technology for the Mac and make this open and available to anyone who chose to make and sell fonts coded in Apple TrueType format .
Microsoft had also started to realize that it had to include some sort of native font technology and font library in Windows .
Talks with Adobe had bombed .
The two companies just did not hit it off .
Finding a solution was high enough priority that Bill assigned the task to Nathan Mhyrvold .
Nathan turned to me for advice .
His objective was to figure out who to partner with , do the deal , and have Bill announce it at the Seybold San Francisco conference that coming September .
Nathan turned out to be an amazingly “ quick study ” .
When he set out to learn about something he immersed himself in it .
Within a couple of months we could talk about type with some real sophistication .
He talked with every player in the business .
I enlisted an expert panel to provide blind critiques of the quality of the type designs from the major contenders .
Apple was NOT on his list .
He made his decision , and was well along on final negotiations .
Then , at the last minute , Apple proposed that Microsoft adopt its TrueType format and font library .
By itself , Apple would have a hard time establishing a standard .
But , together Apple and MS could establish an alternative standard .
Common fonts and font technology on Macs and PCs .
Adobe frozen out .
That made sense to Microsoft .
Bill announced the deal at Seybold Seminars San Francisco .
Adobe was completely blind - sided .
This was devastating .
Not only did the Apple / Microsoft deal threaten Adobe ’s business model , it meant that typography — something very precious to John Warnock — would be in the hands of people he considered to be philistines .
1990 ’s : Adobe as Tool Provider
PostScript was becoming generic .
The font business would never be the same .
What was Adobe to do ?
The answer was that it would turn itself into a tools company .
It would provide the tools that creative professionals would use to create content .
It started with PhotoShop ( acquired in 1989 ) , and gradually built this up into what became its Creative Suite .
The New Realities
The other key change in the 90’s was that Adobe — which owed its initial success to that 1984 deal with Steve — had pretty much written Apple off .
It was n’t just the TrueType saga .
It was that virtually everyone in the computer industry regarded Apple as increasingly irrelevant .
Macintosh market share kept sliding .
Its attempts to move into new markets ( e.g. Newton ) had n’t worked .
Its efforts to write a next - generation operating system were perceived as more and more problematic .
Microsoft was King .
It was the big bully that everyone in the industry was afraid of .
The best recipe for success was to find a niche that Microsoft was unlikely to covet for itself , and become dominant in that niche .
That is what Adobe did .
And , everyone was focused on writing software for the PC , not for the Mac .
Adobe did not abandon its Mac software development ( way too many creative types used Macs . )
But , it did devote a larger portion of its resources to the PC implementations than it had in the past .
1996 : Steve Returns .
2000/2001 : John Steps Aside .
Steve returned to Apple in 1996 .
Apple acquired NeXT , got a modern OS and what amounts to display PostScript .
John Warnock retired as Adobe CEO in 2000 , and as CTO in 2001 .
He and Chuck are still co-chairman of the Board .
But , he is no longer involved in operating the company in any way .
I would be surprised if he and Steve have not had at least one painful conversation about what is now happening .
However , their personal ties that once bound Apple and Adobe and then NeXT and Adobe are clearly no longer sufficient .
As Jean - Louis Gassée points out , they are both now in positions where their companys ’ self - interests no longer align .
And , I have no reason to believe that Steve has the same kind of connection with the current Adobe management that he used to have with John .
2005 : Adobe Acquires Macromind
In 2005 , it acquired Macromedia and MM ’s web - content tools ( including Flash ) .
This cemented Adobe ’s position as THE supplier of both web and print content creation tools .
Adobe ’s message : we provide a common set of inter- operable tools for creating compelling content for any purpose ( print , video , on - line ) — and for any platform .
The logical Adobe pitch for app developers would clearly be “ create once , play on any platform ” .
Flash Player
So what happened with the Flash player after Adobe acquired Macromind ?
I was no longer in a position to have any first hand knowledge of this , but I believe what I have been told by people who do :
There was n’t a conscious decision to flip off the Mac and Mac users , but the PC version of the Flash player had to be the top priority .
The PC was the platform that mattered for establishing web standards .
So , the PC version got the resources .
The Mac version did not .
The Mac version simply was n’t that much of a priority .
Any wonder why Flash Player on the Mac sucks ?
PART 2 : SOME PERSONAL OPINIONS
Lessons from the PC Industry
Jean - Louis Gassée argues that cross platform development tools for hand held devices would result in everyone writing apps for the lowest common denominator .
This may not be completely true .
( You might , for example , add a couple of neat features that worked only on the iPhone version . )
But , I am afraid that there is an awful lot of truth in it .
We all know the history of the PC industry by heart .
We all know that once people reverse - engineered the IBM BIOS , PCs rapidly became commodities .
I have never run the numbers , but suspect that the total net profits for the sum of all PC manufacturers for through most of the 1980s was close to zero .
The losses by the losers probably went a long way towards offsetting the profits made by the winners .
Most of the profits went to the one company that had a near monopoly position — and a huge moat around its products : Microsoft .
I believe that this came at considerable cost to innovation .
By the end of the decade , the people at Intel were complaining to me bitterly about Microsoft : what the PC could do was completely dependent upon what Microsoft ’s software allowed it to do .
It was useless for them to design new capabilities into a processor unless Microsoft was going to support those capabilities .
And , Microsoft moved veeeerrrrryyyy slowly .
It was equally useless for a PC manufacturer to try add significant new capabilities — hence the commodity products .
As a consequence , the PC has evolved remarkably slowly over the past 30 years .
Very frustrating .
Applying These Lessons to the Current Situation
I do n’t want the same sort of thing to happen to such a new , dynamic and uncharted field as interactive hand - held devices .
As JLG points out , if most app development migrated to a common cross- platform development environment , most apps would be written around the cross - platform sub-set of functionality .
Once this happens , the hardware platforms would quickly devolve to the least expensive hardware that supported this common cross - platform sub-set of functionality .
The market would increasingly belong to a bunch of different devices all of which do essentially the same thing in the same fashion .
That is : basically different implementations of the same device .
Adobe would make tons of money because it would be the only provider of development tools .
The hardware guys would be back in the commodity business .
Innovation would come slowly .
You can see why Adobe loves this scenario , and Apple hates it .
What Happens If We Don’t Have Cross - Platform Development Tools for Apps ?
IMHO we are pretty quickly going to end up with just two or three viable platforms .
The network effect is just too great for there to be any more than this .
So , we will not be talking about having to develop apps for five different platforms .
Just two or three .
Why are two or three better than multiple devices all of which offer essentially the same functionality ?
Because the two or three that survive would have to innovate to compete .
I would like to see these few platforms competing — and innovating — as hard as possible .
I would like to see Apple push as far and fast as it can .
And , I would like to see the Android world do the same — although I do think that the Android world is going to need some “ reference ” devices so that programmers have some sort of ( hopefully moving ) target to program for .
( The cross - platform sub - set problem again . )
Will there be a third platform ?
If so , who might it be ?
We can all guess .
But , we ca n’t be certain .
We will have to see .
PART 3 : THE ANSWER TO YOUR QUESTION
My instinctive emotional reaction is that I do n't like what Apple is doing .
But , the more I think about it , the more Apple 's new position on cross- platform development tools makes logical business sense .
I think that this is a situation where Apple 's interests and Adobe 's interests are in direct conflict .
And , the more I think about it , the more " good " I see from a competitive environment that allows Apple , Android , RIM , and others to go off in different directions and innovate in different kinds of ways .
I would like these devices to become more different and more diverse rather than having them converge around a least common denominator set of specs this early in the game .
Flash is tougher .
Long term having a video player and other Flash functions as part of the browser rather than a plug - in Just Makes Sense .
HTML5 is the future of embedded video .
And , Adobe HAS screwed up Flash Player for the Mac .
Right now , I really do n't think I want a Flash plug - in on my phone .
But , Flash is going to be around for a long time .
Older browsers take a long time to die out .
And , the Flash development eco system is pretty evolved .
It would be awfully nice for everyone if Apple and Adobe could sit down and agree on terms under which Apple would allow a new , lean , clean , robust and secure Flash Player into the iPhone world .
Then , it would be up to Adobe to actually build such a thing .
Based on the acrimony on both sides , that does not look likely .
ADDITIONAL COMMENTS FROM JONATHAN
Couple of Further Thoughts about Adobe and Apple :
Thinking about Adobe .
The trouble with being too dominant in your market is that you tend to become far more concerned with protecting your position than on moving things forward .
We have all seen this time and time again .
The old cow that successful innovators “ eat their young ” was , I think , an unfortunate metaphor .
What we are really talking about is eating your mature cash cows .
That is pretty hard for most people to come to grips with .
This is clearly true of Adobe .
They should be at the forefront of doing HTML5 tools .
They are not .
How stupid is that ?
If they do n't someone else is going to .
On the Apple side , I find the problem with Scratch that has just come up to be really troubling .
This really re-enforces the perception of Apple - as - control - freak — which will help drive more developers to Android .
Not smart .
BTW : Has anyone else had the misfortune to notice what Apple has just added to Safari on the Mac ?
Safari crashed on me yesterday for no apparent reason .
The screen message that followed informed me that Safari had just crashed — most likely because of Flash .
I observed years ago that Microsoft always had to have an enemy to keep it focused and motivated .
In the periods between enemies , the company tended to drift .
I do n't think that Apple needs this .
Just working for Steve keeps you focused and motivated !
And , you do n't want to have too many enemies .
Gives them lots of mutual incentive to get together to gang up on you .
~ JWS
Onboarding
We do n't believe in a " one size fits all " approach when working with our clients , especially during onboarding .
Global listens to your priorities during the Background Review phase to design a personalized process that 's right for your organization .
This ensures a seamless transition as you migrate your business functions over to Global .
Learn more about our onboarding process and how you can get started today .
Sarah Palin is not running for president
Let me repeat : Sarah Palin is not running for president .
But if she does , she will blow up like the the Hindenburg if she continues on her current path of sarcasm , negativity and bumper - sticker " substance " instead of pronouncements rooted in intellectual rigor .
That she refuses to hide away for even a month for a crash course in Republican and conservative ideals , programs and solutions tells me that she 's more interested in being an entertainer than an accountable politician .
I 'm sure I sound like a broken record .
My critiques of Palin are voiced with the frequency and the " I know best " tone of a backseat driver .
But I 'm not alone .
Chris Cillizza , Margaret Carlson and Marc Ambinder used Palin's speech at the Southern Republican Leadership Conference last week to zero in on Palin 's reliance on sarcasm and how it weakens her on the political stage .
Sarcasm is the great weapon of the aggrieved .
And no one wields it with as much gusto as the half - term governor of Alaska .
" Sarcasm rarely plays well in politics -- particularly among the independent voters who typically decide elections , " Cillizza wrote yesterday in The Fix .
But he points out that the longer Palin is on the national stage the more sarcastic she has become .
While that clearly works for her angry and disaffected Tea Party base , it holds little appeal for moderate Republicans and independents .
For them , Cillizza noted , " It 's likely to sow some doubts about whether she is up to the task of governing if she is elected to the nation 's top office . "
" The problem is , [ Palin 's ] speeches are satisfying in the moment but they have no resonance -- because they 're all about her , " says Marc Ambinder of The Atlantic .
And then he puts Palin on the couch and issues this masterful diagnosis .
" Palin has the self - confidence of the millennial generation , and the fire of the baby boom generation , but she gives speeches like she 's a Gen - X slacker .
If she wants to be president , she has to channel the idealism of the boomers , and the sarcasm of Gen X , but focus them not on her enemies , or on the wrongs done to her , but on corruption in government .
She 's capable of this , but she does n't seem to want to go there . "
Bloomberg News 's Margaret Carlson highlights why Palin can't go there in a piece for The Daily Beast .
" Palin is like the warrior who could live without a friend but not without an enemy .
Without foils , she would have almost nothing to say . "
And that 's fine when your ultimate goal is to translate your adoring crowds into a powerful , yet unaccountable , perch on television and the speaking circuit from which to make political pronouncements , which leads to a more secure financial future for you and your family .
That 's why the person who should be watching his back is not President Obama .
It 's Glenn Beck .
Sony and Microsoft botched PS5 , Xbox Series X pre-orders — here 's what they should learn
Both Sony and Xbox have made a mess in more ways than one .
Here is what each company can learn from their botched PS5 and Xbox Series X pre-orders .
It ’s bound to happen .
You build yourself a sweet webapp with some sweet javascript action and you unleash it to the world only to get angry emails yelling , “ IT DOESn ’T WoRK ! FIX iT okAy ? ”
And it ’s the darndest problem because it ’s happening to both IE and Firefox users ( Chrome and Safari users have been silent ) and you ca n’t replicate it .
And then you spend hours trying to figure out the problem to no avail , leaving you scratching that magnificent head of yours with luscious , flowing hair .
You just ca n’t replicate the problem .
But then , after hours and days of staring intently at the screen , you find it .
It ’s a rogue console.log call that you forgot to comment out .
And then you spend the remainder of the week chastising yourself for being stupid .
It happens .
( To be fair , it ’s not your fault that your users do n’t have Firebug or IE Developer Tools installed .
Blame it on Mozilla / Microsoft . )
But there ’s an easy solution .
Just copy the following javascript somewhere in your project , and rest easy :
if ( typeof ( console ) === ' undefined ' ) { var console = {} console.log = console.error = console.info = console.debug = console.warn = console.trace = console.dir = console.dirxml = console.group = console.groupEnd = console.time = console.timeEnd = console.assert = console.profile = function ( ) {} ; }
Between sensational Hollywood blockbusters , Nibiru theories , and interpretations of the Mayan calendar , much fear and panic has spread regarding December 21 , 2012 , the day of the alleged apocalypse .
Fear not , however , as one company has found a simple solution to surviving the end of the world : privately co-owned , comfortable , long - term autonomous , underground bunkers .
Robert Vicino is the founder of the Vivos Group , a southern California enterprise responsible for building a nationwide network of survival shelters , for 2012 , the coming encounter of Apophis in 2029 , or whatever and whenever the need may come .
To date , the company ’s first underground complex has started construction near Barstow , California .
Each nuclear blast proof facility is engineered to withstand surface temperatures reaching 1,250 Fahrenheit ( for 10 days ) , a force 10 magnitude earthquake , water submersion for up to 500 hours , or winds of 450 MPH , as well as radiation , biological or chemical attack .
As the apocalypse may come in many forms , the shelters are also made to withstand the pressure of 90 - pound hailstones traveling at the speed of 100 MPH , a “ 50 megaton air burst ” detonated from 20 miles away , and , in the event of social anarchy , the compound may even serve as an armed fortress .
Each shelter will hold 172-200 people ( with approximately 100 sq. feet allotted per person ) and will be equipped with enough food , clothing , medicine , fuel , water and survival gear for one whole year .
A well stocked menu of freeze - dried foods , an urgent medical and dental care center , and a large wardrobe inventory will be among some of the amenities .
There are current plans to build 20 shelters around the nation , each within 150 - 200 miles of major metropolitan areas .
Though at complete build out Vivos will accommodate 4,000 people , Vicino markets the facility as a “ modern day Noah ’s Ark ” wherein there will be a broad cross-section of people of all ages , religions , professional abilities and skills for the benefit of the entire group .
Vivos is also encouraging universities to donate DNA samples of “ every living thing on Earth ” to be stored in their refrigerated vaults .
The Boston Red Sox have agreed to terms with 22 - year - old Cuban catcher Adalberto Ibarra on a major league deal that , according to reports , is worth $ 4.3 million over five years .
He will reportedly be placed on the team 's 40 - man roster once the contract becomes official .
The Cubanballplayers.com website was the first to report the deal , which is a noteworthy move for the Red Sox because they do n't have a catcher under contract for the 2011 season and obviously see enough potential in Ibarra to invest that kind of money in him .
It was a move similar to last summer 's , when they shelled out $ 8.25 million to sign highly touted Cuban shortstop Jose Iglesias , who was impressive during spring training and is currently at Double - A Portland .
According to the Boston Herald , Ibarra , who defected from Cuba last year , will report to the Red Sox 's minor league complex in Fort Myers , Fla. , where it will be determined which minor league team he will report to .
According to Cubanballplayers.com , Ibarra is 5 - foot - 9 and weighs 200 pounds .
Biological evolution is descent with modification .
This definition encompasses small - scale evolution ( changes in gene frequency in a population from one generation to the next ) and large - scale evolution ( the descent of different species from a common ancestor over many generations ) .
Evolution helps us to understand the history of life .
While evolution is very widely accepted , many people hold to misconceptions about it .
This list should help to dispel some of those myths .
15 . Evolution is a theory about the origin of life
The theory of evolution primarily deals with the manner in which life has changed after its origin .
While science is interested in the origins of life ( for example the composition of the primeval sludge from which life might have come ) but these are not issues covered in the area of evolution .
What is known is that regardless of the start , at some point life began to branch off .
Evolution is , therefore , dedicated to the study of those processes .
14 . Organisms are always getting better
While it is a fact that natural selection weeds out unhealthy genes from the gene pool , there are many cases where an imperfect organism has survived .
Some examples of this are fungi , sharks , crayfish , and mosses – these have all remained essentially the same over a great period of time .
These organisms are all sufficiently adapted to their environment to survive without improvement .
Other taxa have changed a lot , but not necessarily for the better .
Some creatures have had their environments changed and their adaptations may not be as well suited to their new situation .
Fitness is linked to their environment , not to progress .
13 . Evolution means that life changed ‘ by chance ’
In fact , natural selection is not random .
Many aquatic animals need speed to survive and reproduce – the creatures with that ability are more suited to their environment and are more likely to survive natural selection .
In turn , they will produce more offspring with the same traits and the cycle continues .
The idea that evolution occurs by chance does not take the entire picture in to account .
12 . Natural selection involves organisms ‘ trying ’ to adapt
Organisms do not “ try ” to adapt – it is natural selection that enables various members of a group to survive and reproduce .
Genetic adaptation is entirely outside of the power of the developing organism .
11 . Natural selection gives organisms what they ‘ need . ’
Natural selection has no “ intelligence ” – it can not tell what a species needs .
If a population has genetic variants that are more suited to their environment , they will reproduce more in the next generation and the population will evolve .
If a genetic variant is not present , the population will most likely do – or it will survive with little evolutionary change .
10 . Evolution is ‘ just ’ a theory
Scientifically speaking , a theory is a well substantiated idea that explains aspects of the natural world .
Unfortunately other definitions of theory ( such as a “ guess ” or a “ hunch ” ) cause a great deal of confusion in the non-scientific world when dealing with the sciences .
They are , in fact , two very different concepts .
9. Evolution is a Theory in Crisis
There is no debate in science as to whether or not evolution occurred – there is , however , debate over how it happened .
The minutiae of the process is vigorously debated which can cause anti-evolutionists to believe that the theory is in crisis .
Evolution is sound science and is treated as such by scientists worldwide .
8. Gaps in the Fossil Record Disprove Evolution
Actually , many transitional fossils do exist – for example , there are fossils of transitional organisms between modern birds and their dinosaur ancestors , as well as whales and their land mammal ancestors .
There are many transitional forms that have not been preserved , but that is simply because some organisms do not fossilize well or exist in conditions that do not allow for the process of fossilization .
Science predicts that there will be gaps in the record for many evolutionary changes .
This does not disprove the theory .
7. Evolutionary Theory is Incomplete
Evolutionary science is a work in progress .
Science is constantly making new discoveries with regard to it and explanations are always adjusted if necessary .
Evolutionary theory is like all of the other sciences in this respect .
Science is always trying to improve our knowledge .
At present , evolution is the only well - supported explanation for all of life ’s diversity .
6 . The Theory is Flawed
Science is an extremely competitive field – if any flaws were discovered in evolutionary theory they would be quickly corrected .
All of the alleged flaws that creationists put forth have been investigated careful by scientists and they simply do not hold water .
They are usually based on misunderstandings of the theory or misrepresentation of the evidence .
5 . Evolution is not science because it is not observable
Evolution is observable and testable .
The confusion here is that people think science is limited to experiments in laboratories by white - coated technicians .
In fact , a large amount of scientific information is gathered from the real world .
Astronomers can obviously not physically touch the objects they study ( for example stars and galaxies ) , yet a great deal of knowledge can be gained through multiple lines of study .
This is true also of evolution .
It is also true that there are many mechanisms of evolution that can be , and are studied through direct experimentation as with other sciences .
4. Most Biologists have rejected Darwinism
Scientists do not reject Darwin ’s theories , they have modified it over time as more knowledge has been discovered .
Darwin considered that evolution proceeds at a deliberate , slow pace – but in fact it has now been discovered that it can proceed at a rapid pace under some circumstances .
There has not been , so far , a credible challenge to the basic principles of Darwin ’s theory .
Scientists have improved and expanded on Darwin ’s original theory of natural selection – it has not been rejected , it has been added to .
3. Evolution Leads to Immoral Behavior
All animal species have a set of behaviors that they share with other members of their species .
Slugs act like slugs , dogs act like dogs , and humans act like humans .
It is preposterous to presume that a child will begin to behave like another creature when they discover that they are related to them .
It is nonsensical to link evolution to immoral or inappropriate behavior .
2. Evolution Supports “ Might Makes Right ”
In the 19th and early 20th century , a philosophy called “ Social Darwinism ” sprung up from misguided attempts to apply biological evolution to society .
This philosophy said that society should allow the weak to fail and die , and that not only is this an ideal situation , but a morally right one .
This enabled prejudices to be rationalized and ideas such as the poor deserved their situation due to being less fit were very popular .
This was a misappropriation of science .
Social Darwinism has , thankfully , been repudiated .
Biological evolution has not .
1. Teachers Should Teach Both Sides
There are tens of thousands of different religious views concerning creation .
It is simply impossible for all of these views to be presented .
Furthermore , none of the theories are based in science and therefore have no place in a science classroom .
In a science class , students can debate where a creature branched off in the tree of life , but it is not right to argue a religious belief in a science class .
The “ fairness ” argument is often used by groups attempting to inject their religious dogmas in to the scientific curricula .
This list was inspired by the brilliant Berkeley , Evolution 101 FAQ .
They found that gently heating N95 masks in high relative humidity could inactivate SARS - CoV - 2 virus trapped within the masks , without degrading the masks ’ performance .
Timothy Ray Brown dead at 54 , was the 1st person known to be cured of HIV
Timothy Ray Brown , who made history as " the Berlin patient , " the first person known to be cured of HIV infection , has died .
He was 54 .
Mac Developer Program Update
Apple are charting the future of computing .
CUPERTINO ( Rixstep ) —
Apple began charting the future of their flagship computer Mac OS X today as the developers of tomorrow finally learned how they 'll be able to participate in it .
Many a pundit has seen signs the platform was being abandoned in order to concentrate more on the mobile platforms , but it seems the ordinary computer is n't dead just quite yet after all .
That end might be close for other reasons but it wo n't be for Apple 's lack of support .
Membership Benefits
Apple will begin signing up independent software vendors ( ISVs ) for the 10.7 developer programme by early autumn 2010 .
Membership will cost $ 99 just as the iPhone programme and will include a number of benefits including free downloads of the Xcode developer tools and access to online API documentation .
Developers planning on marketing software for 10.7 will submit their products to the App Store as iPhone and now iPad developers have already done .
10.7 will have kernel support for ( ' insistence on ' ) binaries signed with Apple 's root certificate .
No software will be able to run on Mac OS X 10.7 without being approved and signed by Apple , Inc .
Everything 's in Place
Apprehension in the ISV sector has grown not only because people see signs of change in Apple 's website but also because Apple 's technologies for their mobile platforms are already in place on their computer platform ( where for the moment they 're totally irrelevant ) .
Slapping a root certificate on a binary running Snow Leopard or earlier does n't change anything : the certificate represents an additional executable section that can easily be removed .
Individual apps can of course check for the presence of a certificate , but it's not before the OS kernel itself insists on this certificate that program execution is totally in Apple 's control .
It 's expected there 'll be efforts to ' jailbreak ' 10.7 just as there have been with the iPhone and iPad systems .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- The Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday charged Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and one of its vice presidents with defrauding investors by misstating and omitting key facts about a financial product related to subprime mortgages .
The SEC alleged in a civil lawsuit that Goldman GS , +2.12 % structured and marketed a collateralized debt obligation that hinged on the performance of subprime residential - mortgage - backed securities , or RMBS .
However , it failed to disclose the role that a major hedge fund , Paulson & Co. , played in the portfolio selection process as well as the fact that the hedge fund had taken a short position against the CDO .
See full story on Paulson & Co. 's role in the Goldman Sachs case .
" Goldman wrongly permitted a client that was betting against the mortgage market to heavily influence which mortgage securities to include in an investment portfolio , while telling other investors that the securities were selected by an independent , objective third party , " said Robert Khuzami , director of the SEC 's division of enforcement , according to a statement .
Read commentary about Goldman's ' faulty brakes ' argument .
Goldman said the SEC 's charges " are completely unfounded in law and fact . "
" We will vigorously contest them and defend the firm and its reputation , " the investment bank added in a statement .
Goldman shares were down 13 % to $ 160.02 after the SEC unveiled its suit .
See text of SEC complaint .
" Once upon a time , Wall Street firms protected clients , " said Christopher Whalen , who heads the research firm Institutional Risk Analytics .
" This litigation exposes the cynical , savage culture of Wall Street that allows a dealer to commit fraud on one customer to benefit another . "
John Paulson of Paulson & Co. Reuters
The SEC 's suit is aimed at the heart of one of the most profitable hedge - fund trades in history .
Paulson , headed by John Paulson , generated billions of dollars in profit in 2007 from bets against CDOs .
Other firms also made huge gains in similar trades as the housing market imploded , triggering a global financial crisis .
" The SEC continues to investigate the practices of investment banks and others involved in the securitization of complex financial products tied to the U.S. housing market as it was beginning to show signs of distress , " Kenneth Lench , chief of the SEC 's structured and new - products unit , said .
Still , Paulson & Co. was n't charged by the SEC because the hedge fund firm was n't obligated to tell investors about the CDO .
Read about Paulson 's involvement .
Paulson & Co. paid Goldman to structure a transaction in which the hedge - fund giant could take short positions against mortgage securities chosen by Paulson & Co. based on a belief that the securities would experience credit events , the SEC alleged .
Marketing materials for the CDO known as Abacus 2007 - AC1 told investors that the portfolio of residential - mortgage - backed securities underlying the CDO was selected by ACA Management LLC , a third party with expertise in analyzing credit risk in these securities .
Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein testifies before a congressional panel in January .
Reuters
The SEC alleged that , undisclosed in the marketing materials and unbeknownst to investors , Paulson & Co. , which was poised to benefit if the RMBS defaulted , played a significant role in selecting which RMBS should make up the portfolio .
After participating in the portfolio selection , Paulson & Co. effectively shorted the RMBS portfolio it had helped select by entering into credit - default swaps with Goldman to buy protection on specific layers of the Abacus capital structure .
" Given that financial short interest , Paulson & Co. had an economic incentive to select RMBS that it expected to experience credit events in the near future , " the SEC said .
Goldman did not disclose Paulson & Co. 's short position or its role in the collateral selection process in the term sheet , flip book , offering memorandum or other marketing materials provided to investors , the SEC said .
Investors in these securities , including German bank IKB ( IKB ) and Dutch financial - services company ABN Amro , now a unit of the Royal Bank of Scotland RBS , , lost more than $ 1 billion when the securities in the CDO turned toxic , the SEC said .
Paulson & Co. made a profit of roughly $ 1 billion on the trade , the regulator added .
Paulson & Co. said in a statement that it was n't involved in selecting the collateral that went into the ABACUS CDO , in contrast to the SEC 's allegations .
" ACA as collateral manager had sole authority over the selection of all collateral in the CDO , " the hedge fund firm said .
" While Paulson purchased credit protection from Goldman Sachs on securities issued under the ABACUS ABS CDO program , we were not involved in the marketing of any ABACUS products to any third parties . "
" Paulson did not sponsor or initiate Goldman 's ABACUS program , which involved at least 20 transactions other than that described in the SEC 's complaint , " the firm continued .
" As the SEC said at its press conference , Paulson is not the subject of this complaint , made no misrepresentations and is not the subject of any charges . "
The deal closed on April 26 , 2007 , and Paulson & Co. paid Goldman roughly $ 15 million for structuring and marketing Abacus .
By Oct. 24 , 2007 , 83 % of the RMBS in the Abacus portfolio had been downgraded and 17 % were on negative watch .
By Jan. 29 , 2008 , 99 % of the portfolio had been downgraded .
There is a Patna that is emerging with all the splendour and comedy of urban modernity .
Searching for the classy in Patna is like searching for Osama in Pakistan .
You have enough evidence to build a case , yet evidence is all you have .
Patna is a city without malls , multiplexes , or even a Barista .
Many parts look like slums .
In the ladies ’ restroom of Patna airport , it is a fat lady who doles out the toilet paper and not the automatic paper towel dispenser .
But there are also Gucci bags , Baskin Robbins , and facials for Rs 1,500 .
Fit guys in Aviators , snug Tees and jeans hang longingly in Patna ’s hip joints , waiting to be checked out .
After decades of pretending , wealth is now being flaunted in the open .
In 2005 , after Lalu fell , a branded lawlessness almost came to an end .
The elite , used to living undercover , began crawling out of the woodwork .
Mercedes cars are still too ostentatious for Patna roads .
SUVs with personal bodyguards still make the ultimate social statement .
But there is also the unmistakable arrival of urban modernity .
Thirty - one - year - old Priya Lal has seen the city grow brand conscious in the last three or four years .
Almost every day , the Patna edition of The Times of India has a ‘ more & more ’ story , like how more and more women are storming male bastions , etcetera .
Priya is one such woman the newspaper writes about : highly educated , teaching biotechnology at the university , driving her daughter around when the driver skips , making Chinese food at home because her husband loves it , living in a new apartment instead of an ancestral bungalow .
Priya is part of the elite crowd who notice the bag , watch or sunglasses .
“ I have seen eyes roll at Gucci , Louis Vuitton , Chopard here , ” she says .
Although international brands like Levi’s , Nike and BlackBerry are available here , Priya and her friends must travel to a metro with an empty bag to get their fill .
Delhi is increasingly becoming Patna ’s favoured metro over Kolkata .
Three upcoming malls promise to make shopping easier .
The P&M mall , scheduled to open in August , will have Satya Paul , Gitanjali jewellery and W , a female clothing line .
Till then , the vacuum is exploited by street - smart boutiques stocking everything from Chambor lipsticks to Biba clothing .
Priya has also seen Patna buzzing at 4 am on New Year ’s Eve , a seismic shift from Patna of the past .
A decade ago , even a non-alcoholic disco ( Pandora ’s Box ) , open only in the day , was forced to close down within a few months due to the law and order havoc it created .
Today , Priya ’s tight - knit , cosy friends ’ circle is in the habit of throwing parties on Valentine ’s Day , Friendship Day , Christmas , birthdays and anniversaries .
She herself enjoys theme parties .
Along with a party planner who can charge anything up to Rs 15,000 , Priya has had Hannah Montana- , Barbie - and Rapunzel - themed parties for her daughter in the past , and looks forward to hosting her husband ’s 40th birthday bash .
Wives tend to go over the top on the occasion , organising farmhouse - themed parties complete with horses and stables , or even a surprise party on an exclusive island in the middle of the river Ganga .
“ Earlier , they did n’t want to show they had money .
Now they ’re flaunting it , ” says Ananjay Bhushan , owner of Patna ’s first art gallery .
When the gallery opened in 2003 , he had to stock handicrafts and artefacts to make the space viable .
Since then , local buyers have grown .
People in Patna now do consider expensive and sophisticated propositions like art .
“ The fear has gone , ” he says .
In the past , the city would fall dead by 8 pm .
Ananjay now sees families roaming outside his gallery ’s glass doors beyond nine .
While an outsider notices a dozen men pissing unabashedly on the street , Ananjay notices new toilets being constructed .
At the moment , all investments and aspirations are on hold , as Patna waits with bated breath for the state election to be held later this year .
While many are afraid of losing their newfound freedom , for Ananjay there is no turning back .
He believes change is an unstoppable , irreversible force .
Every year he co-curates an exhibition of Bihari artists with Subodh Gupta in an Indian metro .
This year , he hopes to do the opposite .
He wants to display in Patna the Bihari artists who have moved out , like Sanjay Kumar , Rajesh Ram and Subodh Gupta , of course .
Subodh Gupta , one of India ’s highest - paid artists , is an alumnus of the prestigious Patna Art ’s College .
Among Ananjay ’s patrons is Aditya Jalan , whose drawing room is a private museum , one of the biggest in the country .
It houses the acquisitions of Aditya ’s great grandfather , who travelled the world and brought back Napoleon III ’s bed and Marie Antoinette ’s plates to keep aside Tipu Sultan ’s palanquin , Birbal ’s plates and carefully crafted Persian and Oriental rugs .
When Jawaharlal Nehru visited his home , Qila House in 1940 , he wrote in a letter to Indira that he was ‘ surprised to find a Marwari businessman developing into an art collector ’ .
Seventy years later , visitors are still surprised .
Few associate Patna with the culturally rich and sophisticated city it used to be —the Patna that Zakir Hussain was nervous to perform in as even a rickshaw - wallah could point out his mistakes .
As COO of Idea Telecom , Bihar and Jharkhand , it is part of MD Prasad ’s job to profile consumers .
“ There ’s nothing short of affluence here , be it by relative or national yardsticks .
All lifestyle - indicating goods or brands are present here .
But people do n’t show their wealth . ”
To him , Bihar is n’t a punishment posting , but an opportunity .
“ Yes , it is one of the poorest states in India , but there is an equal number of people deprived of good brands , services and lifestyle goods . ”
When Ashutosh Singh brought Baskin Robbins to Patna , way back in 2000 , during Lalu ’s regime , friends laughed at the thought of selling ice cream at Rs 31 a scoop .
But , as Ashutosh puts it , he has no complaints .
His outlets and business have increased , and he now sells a scoop at Rs 53 .
“ I always had a clientele .
Back then it was via home delivery , as they did n’t want to be seen .
I ’d get orders from private parties .
Post 2005 , people stepped out . ”
A public school product like most of Patna ’s elite , Ashutosh chose to live in Patna as he prefers being a big fish in a small pond .
Bihar gives an entrepreneur the chance to grow with the market .
Since 2000 , Patna has transformed itself from a vanilla - chocolate - strawberry crowd into a mousse - and Bavarian chocolate - loving city .
The Patna male today is conscious of the way he looks .
Chandan Sparsh , a six - month old spa , receives calls from many eager men who are disappointed to hear that the place is n’t unisex , and that there are no female masseuses involved .
But that does n’t stop them from coming .
The decision to cater to men too was one of the best decisions the owner Sneha Singh made .
After the wedding season , the spa ’s second highest revenue on a single day was during Chhath Pooja .
While the women were busy fasting , the men wanted to relax with a massage .
Sneha
Singh ’s family is n’t new to bringing franchises to Patna , discovering unpredictable consumer behaviour in the bargain .
A year ago , it brought Tata Motors to Bihar .
“ When we started , we expected the Nano to be our most popular sell .
It turned out to be the Tata Safari .
Right now , the Manza ’s rocking , ” she says .
Civic activism , too , is growing .
The Husseins , a retired couple , make unlikely activists in this city of political clowns .
After a lifetime of working with the UN in Geneva , they decided to return to their hometown for a few months .
Asiya Hussein takes advantage of her white hair in a society where age demands respect .
“ I ’m as old as your mother ” is how she begins her talks with rude shopkeepers and littering ladies .
They created the Bank Road Citizens Forum to eliminate the borderless garbage dump their locality had become .
“ What is the difference between you and a dog ? ” she yells at a man urinating on her compound wall .
When a city transforms , some of its virtues go too .
But Patna ’s cultured have remained so .
You can walk into most offices and homes , expecting to be entertained with ‘ hum - aap ’ conversations and excessively sweet tea .
“ They have time for you .
And there is kindness , ” says Mrs Hussein , the grandmother activist .
Patna is still a small town at heart .
People still hire on goodwill .
At Chandan Sparsh , Sneha Singh grills a potential employee .
Dressed in a salwar kameez and plaited hair , the girl is nervous in this English - speaking corporate environment , and gets all her answers wrong .
On seeing her tears , Sneha ’s tone changes .
She begins talking about all the things she must learn on the job .
It seems the girl is hired .
The locals immediately warm up to you once they find out you ’re here to interview them , and not politicians .
But there ’s something left unspoken , unsettled in most conversations here .
It could be the uncertainty of the polls .
“ Give the city two more years , ” says Aditya Jalan , “ Do the same story then and mark the difference . ”
Scientists believe they may be closer to understanding why some people like pop music and others like classical .
Psychiatric consultant Dr Raj Persaud of Maudsley Hospital in London believes his studies of dementia patients show a link between taste and " hard - nosed intellectual function " - in other words , appreciation of classical music may require more brain power .
Persaud has observed that , as brain power diminishes in dementia patients , they sometimes go from liking classical to pop - but not the other way round .
" What this may mean is that you require more grey matter to appreciate classical music and that you do n't need so much grey matter to appreciate pop music , so as you lose grey matter your taste in music changes accordingly , " said Dr Persaud .
The thesis , outline in the June issue of BBC Music Magazine , has had support from Italian scholars .
With these two genomes in hand , the Broad Institute designed a dog SNP chip , similar to those used to scan the human for genetic disease .
SNPs , or “ snips , ” are sites of common variation along the DNA .
Affymetrix , a SNP chip maker , manufactured the dog SNP chip for Dr. Wayne ’s team , letting him have 1,000 chips free , though thereafter they cost $ 250 apiece .
The dog SNP chip brought to light the close relationship between dogs and wolves in the Middle East and also the genetic relationship between various breeds .
Dr. Wayne was surprised to find that all the herding dogs grouped together , as did all the sight hounds and the scent hounds , making a perfect match between dogs ’ various functions and the branches on the genetic tree .
“ I thought there would be many ways to build a herding dog and that they ’d come from all over the tree , but there are not , ” Dr. Wayne said .
His team has also used the dog SNP chip to scan for genes that show signatures of selection .
One such favored dog gene has a human counterpart that has been implicated in Williams syndrome , where it causes exceptional gregariousness .
Another two selected genes are involved in memory .
Dogs , unlike wolves , are adept at taking cues from human body language , and the two genes could have something to do with this faculty , Dr. Wayne said .
An earlier survey of dog origins , based on a small genetic element known as mitochondrial DNA , concluded that dogs had been domesticated , probably just once , in East Asia .
The author of the survey , Peter Savolainen of the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm , said he was not convinced by the new report for several reasons , including that it did not sample dogs in East Asia from south of the Yangtze , the region where the diversity of mitochondrial DNA is highest .
Also archaeologists in China have been less interested in distinguishing dog and wolf remains , he said .
Two other experts on dog genetics , Carlos Driscoll and Stephen O’Brien , of the National Cancer Institute , said they believed that Dr. Wayne ’s team had made a convincing case .
“ I think they have nailed the locale of dog domestication to the Middle East , ” Dr. O’Brien said in an e-mail message from Siberia , where he is attending a tiger management workshop .
Dog domestication and human settlement occurred at the same time , some 15,000 years ago , raising the possibility that dogs may have had a complex impact on the structure of human society .
Dogs could have been the sentries that let hunter gatherers settle without fear of surprise attack .
They may also have been the first major item of inherited wealth , preceding cattle , and so could have laid the foundations for the gradations of wealth and social hierarchy that differentiated settled groups from the egalitarianism of their hunter - gatherer predecessors .
Notions of inheritance and ownership , Dr. Driscoll said , may have been prompted by the first dogs to permeate human society , laying an unexpected track from wolf to wealth .
The figures were all very specific and very frightening .
" Two thousand bugs taking a ride in every train compartment , " said the Daily Mail .
" Cockroaches cluster on trains , " groaned the Telegraph .
" Commuters share trains with 1,000 cockroaches , 200 bedbugs and 200 fleas , " said the Evening Standard .
These figures all sound a little bit on the high side .
Where did they come from ?
" Staff at Rentokil sprayed insecticide throughout the carriages of a train and a bus and then counted the bodies of insects , " said the Standard .
It quoted a Rentokil spokesman : " The bus we studied was within the M25 . "
But Transport for London says it has had no contact with Rentokil , and that no such study has been done on its vehicles .
I asked Rentokil for more details .
After a bit of prodding , its PR company , Brands2 Life , explained : no buses or trains were studied .
How did people get the wrong end of the stick ?
I have no way of knowing , as Brands2 Life and Rentokil both declined to show me what they had sent to journalists but , in any case , contrary to what was said earlier , these numbers did not come from measurements and counts – they are based on a " theoretical model " .
Models are handy .
They 're a simulation of reality , based on a series of assumptions .
Rentokil 's model for the number of bugs on trains and buses made some interesting assumptions , and you will have your own view on whether they make for a reasonable approximation of the real world .
It assumed , for example , that the railway carriage or bus was left in isolation .
It assumed this carriage was helpfully furnished with a plentiful food supply .
It assumed that the ratio of male to female bugs was perfectly optimal for breeding .
It assumed ( surprisingly for anyone involved in modelling populations – surprisingly for anyone , really ) that the population of bugs would be left entirely unchecked , with no external factors to control the mortality rate .
It assumed that the siding or garage was controlled at a constant temperature all day and night , with no extremes .
It assumed there were no trampling commuters , no cruel vacuum cleaners , no anything .
In fact , it assumed there was no cleaning , ever , and no passengers , ever .
This was its model of insect populations on commuter vehicles .
You will have your own view on whether you could trust an organisation that makes assumptions like these in estimating the average population of bugs .
But it 's somehow unseemly that Rentokil , a company with £ 2.36 bn in revenue and a 54 % increase in profits in 2009 to £ 166 m , and poised to pay £ 90 m in bonuses to its top three executives , feels the need to make everyone afraid of public transport on a PR whim .
There is also the ugly thought that Rentokil will do more business if it can make everyone scared of bugs on the bus .
And on 2 March , the day before the cockroach press release , Rentokil announced the single biggest ever contract in the history of its business : £ 200 m over five years with London Underground .
As all 122 episodes of the seminal police drama are compiled in a new box set , Jim Shelley revisits the mean streets of Homicide
The best cop show of recent times – one of the most innovative and influential dramas of all time – was set not in New York , Miami or LA , but in Baltimore .
It featured a squad of embattled , super ( street ) smart , sardonic detectives fighting against the drug dealing and killing blitzing their beloved city .
This series stemmed from the pen of the godlike David Simon and was as literate , funny and deep as television could be .
But it was not The Wire .
It was Homicide : Life On The Street .
Homicide : Life On The Street was even better than The Wire .
Yeah – as Chris Rock likes to cry defiantly – I said it !
The show ran for seven seasons on NBC from 1993 to 1999 , making the new box set a glorious 122 episodes ; twice as many as The Wire .
It is thus the perfect gear for any Wireheads jonesing for a fix of Simon - flavoured cop drama .
The series was based on Homicide : A Year On The Killing Streets , David Simon 's astonishing record of his time " embedded " with the Baltimore police .
It was brought to the screen by the city 's film leviathan Barry Levinson ( Diner , Tootsie , Rain Man etc ) , Paul Attanasio ( the writer of Donnie Brasco and now executive producer of House ) , and Tom Fontana ( St Elsewhere and later creator of Oz ) .
Simon wrote and edited a few episodes and produced the final two seasons .
" I was proud to learn everything they could teach me , " he told me .
Simon regards Homicide as " a series of interconnected short stories " , comparing it – rather grandiosely – to James Joyce 's Dubliners .
For me , Homicide is the missing link between Hill Street Blues and The Wire .
The links with The Wire and the book are myriad .
In one hilarious episode , detectives Munch and Bolander re-enact Simon 's anecdote about a suspect confessing after taking a " lie-detection test " – using the station photocopier .
" Then David went and did it in The Wire , " Fontana protests .
" I was like , ' Dude !
We already did it . '
He said , ' Yeah I know , but I wanted to do it again . ' "
The Wire , for Simon , was " more akin to the dynamics of Baltimore as I knew them " .
But life in Baltimore is horribly real in Homicide .
Clark Johnson
Fontana won an Emmy for the pivotal episode of the first series about the brutal rape and stabbing of 11 - year - old Adena Watson – based on the murder of Latonya Wallace , also featured in Simon 's book .
" We were shooting one day , " Clark Johnson ( who played detective Meldrick Lewis ) tells me .
" This lady from the neighbourhood came up to me and said , ' Excuse me .
She was n't lying over here .
She was lying over there . ' "
So much for NBC 's view that the title , A Year On The Killing Streets , needed to be more upbeat .
" A policeman once said to me a young man of 20 had more chance of dying in Baltimore than on the beach at Normandy , " Fontana recalls .
" We had to be true to that . "
Both Simon and Fontana set out to debunk the myths TV had created about police work , starting with the premise that cops get along .
Homicide 's detectives squabble with their partners like married couples .
" You never say ' please ' and ' thank you ' , " complains Tim Bayliss .
" PLEASE do n't be an idiot .
Thank you , " seethes Frank Pembleton .
" The greatest lie in dramatic TV , " Simon has said , " is the cop who stands over a body and pulls up the sheet and mutters ' damn ' …
To a real homicide detective , it 's just a day 's work . "
Whereas
The Wire was about the cases ( the wiretaps used to nail Stringer , Avon , or Marlo ) , Homicide was about the cops – a group of detectives so involved that death is what they live for .
Death becomes the norm .
A healthy , happy life at home is beyond them .
" The Wire is more Brecht , " agrees Fontana , referring to Simon 's description of The Wire as " a political tract masquerading as a cop show " .
" But we were more Chekhov , " – not a distinction you would make discussing The Bill .
The likes of Bayliss ( the liberal conscience of the show ) and Pembleton ( the volatile Jesuit tormented by the need for redemption ) are torn apart by their experiences in a manner so torrid that McNulty and co look rather cardboard .
Large parts of each episode are spent with the detectives sitting around talking – about how the world 's first fridge was invented in Baltimore ; how Montel Williams is from Baltimore ( " A guy from Baltimore has got his own talkshow ? ! " ) ; the claim that " 14 % of seagulls are lesbians " .
Andre Braugher
They talk about sex , death , and love in a way that is positively ( or negatively ) existential .
" The way a woman feels about a man , " argues detective Bolander ( Ned Beatty ) , " that 's the way he 's going to feel about himself , his friends , his job . "
Eschewing the crucial forensic breakthrough , Homicide 's detectives talked their suspects into confession .
And the show only ever had one real shoot - out .
" The ratings spiked .
Then we went back to making the real show and the ratings went back down ! "
Fontana laughs .
It 's easy to see why Homicide can be seen as more radical than The Wire , not least because it was on NBC rather than the more experimental , independent HBO .
Both shows looked at the way race , the media and local politics in Baltimore affect the police .
The leader of the squad in Homicide was the noble , Othello - like figure of Al Giardello ( Yaphet Kotto ) .
The smartest , sharpest , master of the art of interrogation was Pembleton ( Andre Braugher ) .
' Where 's the pretty girl ?
Where 's the hunky guy ?
We had the least attractive cast on television !'
The show took risks at every turn .
" The network would say , ' Where 's the pretty girl ?
Where 's the hunky guy ? '
We had Danny Baldwin !
We had the least attractive cast on television ! " laughs Fontana .
Clark Johnson , who played Gus Haynes in The Wire , directed the pilots and finales of The Wire and The Shield , and may be the world 's greatest authority on TV cop shows , says : " I would put the cast of the first two series up against any cast that 's been on TV . "
Barry Levinson established the show 's groundbreaking visual style ( aped by NYPD Blue ) from episode one , draining it of colour and shooting entirely on hand - held cameras that swooped in and out of the actors ' faces , jabbing at them like a boxer .
And , amazingly , the killing of schoolgirl Adena Watson was left unsolved .
" That would never happen now .
We live in the world of procedural crime dramas now , " Fontana laments , referring to CSI – which he openly disdains .
Clark Johnson plays Detective Meldrick Lewis .
Photograph : Gail Burton / AP
The network did n't like it , but Fontana says : " Homicide had less censorship problems than St Elsewhere .
We did an episode on testicular cancer where the network freaked out because the word ' testicle ' had never been said on television before .
Ever .
They became irritated by Homicide .
They hated the camerawork .
We were in danger of being cancelled every year . "
The second season was four episodes long .
" Then they moved us to Friday nights , which was basically Siberia and just forgot about us . "
The quality of the scripts attracted star names such as Kathryn Bigelow , Steve Buscemi , John Waters , Kathy Bates and James Earl James .
Edie Falco , Elijah Wood and Jake Gyllenhaal made early appearances , as did Chris Rock , as a paedophile suspected of killing Adena .
Murder is relentless in Homicide , the cases more sinister than The Wire , making it more intense , more affecting : an old lady has her tongue cut out and wedged down her throat ; a man is trapped under a subway train , dying before Pembleton 's eyes .
Fontana takes the fact that The Wire has stolen Homicide 's thunder remarkably well .
" You mean , the way people talk as if it sprang fully formed from the head of Zeus ? " he laughs .
" Look , I love The Wire .
David picked up the ball and ran with it .
I 'm amazed we got to make the show the way we did for as many episodes as we did .
So I 'm just grateful for that . "
So should we all be .
Homicide : A Life On The Street – The Complete Series is out on Mon
Earlier today , moments before President Obama signed the historic health care reform bill into law , Vice President Biden was overheard telling him : “ This a big fucking deal . ”
The catch phrase is enjoying some serious pick up and has even motivated at least one enterprising opportunist to plaster it on a t - shirt and sell it .
In early 2004 a 32 - year - old stock - market investor and hedge - fund manager , Michael Burry , immersed himself for the first time in the bond market .
He learned all he could about how money got borrowed and lent in America .
He did n’t talk to anyone about what became his new obsession ; he just sat alone in his office , in San Jose , California , and read books and articles and financial filings .
He wanted to know , especially , how subprime - mortgage bonds worked .
A giant number of individual loans got piled up into a tower .
The top floors got their money back first and so got the highest ratings from Moody ’s and S&P , and the lowest interest rate .
The low floors got their money back last , suffered the first losses , and got the lowest ratings from Moody ’s and S&P .
Because they were taking on more risk , the investors in the bottom floors received a higher rate of interest than investors in the top floors .
Investors who bought mortgage bonds had to decide in which floor of the tower they wanted to invest , but Michael Burry was n’t thinking about buying mortgage bonds .
He was wondering how he might short , or bet against , subprime - mortgage bonds .
Every mortgage bond came with its own mind - numbingly tedious 130 - page prospectus .
If you read the fine print , you saw that each bond was its own little corporation .
Burry spent the end of 2004 and early 2005 scanning hundreds and actually reading dozens of the prospectuses , certain he was the only one apart from the lawyers who drafted them to do so — even though you could get them all for $ 100 a year from 10 kWizard.com .
The subprime - mortgage market had a special talent for obscuring what needed to be clarified .
A bond backed entirely by subprime mortgages , for example , was n’t called a subprime - mortgage bond .
It was called an “ A.B.S. , ” or “ asset - backed security . ”
If you asked Deutsche Bank exactly what assets secured an asset - backed security , you ’d be handed lists of more acronyms — R.M.B.S. , hels , helocs , Alt - A — along with categories of credit you did not know existed ( “ midprime ” ) .
R.M.B.S. stood for “ residential - mortgage - backed security . ” hel stood for “ home - equity loan . ” heloc stood for “ home - equity line of credit . ”
Alt - A was just what they called crappy subprime - mortgage loans for which they had n’t even bothered to acquire the proper documents — to , say , verify the borrower ’s income .
All of this could more clearly be called “ subprime loans , ” but the bond market was n’t clear .
“ Midprime ” was a kind of triumph of language over truth .
Some crafty bond - market person had gazed upon the subprime - mortgage sprawl , as an ambitious real - estate developer might gaze upon Oakland , and found an opportunity to rebrand some of the turf .
Inside Oakland there was a neighborhood , masquerading as an entirely separate town , called “ Rockridge . ”
Simply by refusing to be called “ Oakland , ” “ Rockridge ” enjoyed higher property values .
Inside the subprime - mortgage market there was now a similar neighborhood known as “ midprime . ”
But as early as 2004 , if you looked at the numbers , you could clearly see the decline in lending standards .
In Burry ’s view , standards had not just fallen but hit bottom .
The bottom even had a name : the interest - only negative - amortizing adjustable - rate subprime mortgage .
You , the homebuyer , actually were given the option of paying nothing at all , and rolling whatever interest you owed the bank into a higher principal balance .
It was n’t hard to see what sort of person might like to have such a loan : one with no income .
What Burry could n’t understand was why a person who lent money would want to extend such a loan .
“ What you want to watch are the lenders , not the borrowers , ” he said .
“ The borrowers will always be willing to take a great deal for themselves .
It ’s up to the lenders to show restraint , and when they lose it , watch out . ”
By 2003 he knew that the borrowers had already lost it .
By early 2005 he saw that lenders had , too .
The series of major water main breaks that occurred around Los Angeles last year was caused by the city 's water conservation program , which put too much pressure on the city 's aging cast iron pipes , according to a city report released Tuesday .
The report is a step forward in solving a mystery that bedeviled city officials and engineers and enraged some residents who had to endure the flooding and road damage .
A team of scientists charged with looking at the pipe breaks concluded that the city should rework its conservation plan , which limited the use of sprinklers to Mondays and Thursdays .
One alternative would be to require homes with even - number addresses to conserve on even - numbered days and requiring homes with odd - numbered addresses to conserve on odd - numbered days , the team said .
“ The bottom line is , you want to create a more even usage of water pressure so you do n’t have a sudden drop of water pressure at a given time of the day , ” said Jean - Pierre Bardet , a USC engineering professor who headed the team .
The investigation team , which appeared before the council ’s Energy and Environment Committee , found a connection between the city ’s water - rationing program and the increase in pipe breaks last summer , particularly with cast iron pipes .
At various locations in the L.A. Department of Water and Power distribution system , water pressure fell significantly on Mondays and Thursdays after the beginning of the water - rationing program on June 1 , 2009 , the report said .
“ Those water pressure drops on these days were caused by an increased water flow during the watering of lawns , ” the report said .
“ As a result , the cyclic levels of water pressure increased and accelerated the metal fatigue failures of aged and corroded cast - iron pipes . ”
Top 10 cybersecurity threats
Learn about today ’s top cybersecurity threats .
These security threats have been identified and analyzed by our threat research team as the most impactful threats today .
These include threats to network security , information security , and more .
Click on a specific threat to learn about how to best protect your business .
Angela prepares for battle
IT WAS Greece that let public spending rip , lied about it and is now trying to stave off default .
But the Greek crisis has somehow morphed into the German problem .
Angela Merkel , the German chancellor , led resistance to a bail - out of Greece .
For her pains , she was lionised at home ( Bild , a tabloid , depicted her as a sword - bearing reincarnation of Bismarck ) but denounced by her neighbours .
“ Angela , have a little courage , ” pleaded Viviane Reding , vice - president of the European Commission .
Other countries see Germany 's huge current - account surpluses as almost as big a problem as Greece 's deficits .
They keep expecting a history - chastened Germany to contribute generously to the European project and to demand less than its due .
Now it stands accused of turning away .
On March 25th European leaders patched up their differences over Greece .
Under a deal cooked up by Mrs Merkel and the French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , Greece 's euro partners will come to its aid as a last resort ( see article ) .
That would be the bail - out that Mrs Merkel wanted to avoid , but it may never happen .
Any help will require the unanimous approval of the 16 euro - area members , giving Germany a veto .
IMF involvement will shield Germany from blame for imposing tough conditions .
The hope is that the mere talk of a rescue will be enough to ease speculative attacks on Greece .
Yet the contradictions that caused the crisis , which go back to the euro 's birth in 1999 , remain unresolved .
Germany greeted the single currency as a levelling of the commercial playing - field and has been honing its competitiveness ever since .
Greece and other Mediterranean countries saw the euro as an opportunity to engage in business as usual , but with the benefit of lower interest rates .
There is broad agreement that Greece and the rest must change .
The question is , must Germany , Europe 's biggest economy , change too ?
To most Germans the idea verges on the ridiculous .
Germany entered the single currency handicapped , they say , by a strong D - mark and the cost of unification .
Employers and trade unions co-operated to keep a lid on labour costs .
The government contributed by liberalising the jobs market .
It also cut social - security contributions , partly making up the shortfall with higher value - added tax .
Between 2000 and 2008 unit labour costs declined by 1.4 % a year in Germany while rising by nearly 1 % a year in France and Britain .
Germany breached the euro 's budget - deficit ceiling of 3 % of GDP , but eliminated its deficit by the eve of the crisis .
But this abundance of virtue looks like vice to several of Germany 's EU partners .
Germany 's duel with China to be the world 's top exporter demands that it suppress incomes and so Germans ' ability to consume .
Its current - account surpluses — and the mirror - image deficits of others — are a prime cause of instability .
When France 's finance minister , Christine Lagarde , recently called for surplus countries to “ do a little something ” to promote European growth , she was casting doubt on Germany 's export - driven model .
She did not explicitly propose France as a role model but IMK , a German research institute close to the unions , does .
France 's wage growth has kept up with productivity and inflation .
Its exports have grown more slowly than Germany 's , but private consumption has advanced at almost triple the rate .
Between 1999 and 2007 French GDP grew a third faster and employment twice as fast as Germany's .
Gustav Horn of IMK reckons that Germany 's focus on exports created 400,000 jobs , but weak demand cost another 1m .
Many Germans detect a plot to nobble their exporters .
A sprinter should not have to “ put lead weights in his shorts ” , snarled the economy minister , Rainer Brüderle .
The idea of imitating France , with its budget deficits and sickly manufacturing sector , seems bizarre .
German officials reject the most obvious ways of shrinking the current - account surplus .
Markets , not governments , set wages , they say .
To push them up artificially would merely raise unemployment , which would depress consumption and imports still further .
One answer , Mrs Lagarde argues , would be to cut taxes , an idea supposedly favoured by Germany 's coalition government , which combines Mrs Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union with the Free Democratic Party .
But a new balanced - budget amendment to the constitution will force Germany to slash spending or raise taxes next year — the opposite of what is needed to correct Europe 's imbalances and shore up growth .
There are other ways to shrink the gap between Germany 's high savings rate and relatively low investment , the underlying reason for its current - account surplus .
A new OECD survey of Germany says the key is to boost investment , for example by encouraging innovation , which Mrs Merkel is keen to do ; and by liberalising entry into professions such as law and accounting , which she may not want .
But these are not quick fixes .
Europe will be stuck with Germany 's surpluses for years to come .
By Alex Ritson
Business reporter , BBC World Service
The toxic debt bonuses were meant to punish the Swiss bankers Bonuses made up of so - called toxic debt and given to bankers at Credit Suisse as a punishment for poor investments , have soared in value .
Their bonus pool , made up financial products originally thought to be worthless , is now worth $ 5 bn ( £ 3.2bn ) .
The bank lost $ 7bn last year , in part due to the investment decisions of some of its best - paid staff .
The toxic debt bonuses had been described as a way of giving the bankers to taste of their own medicine .
But it has now emerged the value of the toxic bonus pool has climbed by 72 % - far outperforming many safer investments .
Well - deserved ?
The money had been put into complicated financial products linked to the risky commercial debt secured on among other things , a Japanese shopping centre , an American supermarket chain and other commercial property that had plunged in value .
At the height of the financial crisis , many people thought these investments were worthless .
To Credit Suisse , it seemed right to share them out as annual bonuses among the people who had apparently got things so wrong .
But as confidence has returned to the market - it has become clear that the toxic asset pool was n't nearly as toxic it had been thought .
The toxic bonus fund has soared in value by 72 % .
That compares with a 60 % rise in the value of Credit Suisse shares over the same period - or a mere 19 % rise in the main US share index the Dow Jones .
The bankers may well feel they have earned the money though .
Credit Suisse is safely back in profit - and unlike its rivals at UBS , Credit Suisse did not take a bail - out from the Swiss Government .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Iran refurbishes Boeing 747 as it prepares for end of arms embargo
According to the report , the plane will fly to the UAE and then back to Iran but it is not clear what will be the plane ’s overall future .
At the EFF Threat Lab we spend a lot of time hunting for malware that targets vulnerable populations , but we also spend time trying to classify malware samples that we have come across .
One of the tools we use for this is YARA .
YARA is described as “ The Pattern ...
Both DougJ and I have been posting on the brick throwing in Rochester , where Congresswoman Louise Slaughter ’s office and the local Democratic headquarters had windows broken .
Here ’s the note that was attached to the brick that went through the Democrats ’ window .
Now local TV station 13 - WHAM reports that Slaughter received a death threat : “ Assassinate is the word they used … toward the children of lawmakers who voted yes . ”
The morans who threw the brick are responding to posts on a teabagger blog called “ Sipsey Street Irregulars ” .
The guy who runs the blog is on Social Security disability , of course , and he ’s really a peacemaker :
Welcome to yet another post in Io9 's reckless lawsuit - baiting series .
Find out why water boils , why it 's necessary to make sure it does boil , and what happens when it does n't boil soon enough .
Advertisement
To understand what makes water boil , it 's important to stop thinking of water as an object , and start thinking of it as a collection of loose particles .
A good analogue is an unruly elementary school class .
Both the kids and water molecules tend to have a certain cohesion .
Still , each particle is separate .
If you get a group of kids together , they 'll start fidgeting , pushing and shoving , until someone goes flying .
In much the same way , in a group of water molecules , individual molecules will move independently , jostling the molecules next to them until some particles are lost into the air as water vapor .
Turn up the heat , and this happens faster and faster .
Anyone who has wandered through a crowd knows that it 's easier to get pushed away from the edge than it is to fight their way out from the middle .
This is because the pressure from the people around them keeps them from getting the space they need to push their way out .
It 's much the same with water .
A steadily boiling pot of water indicates that so much energy is being pumped into the pot that pockets of water molecules are jostling each other hard enough to turn into vapor , expand , and push their way to the surface despite the pressure of the water above them .
Advertisement
And , in a perfect world , that should n't happen .
Or at least , it should n't happen that easily .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Because of the cohesive properties of water , it 's hard to create a bubble of water vapor from nothing , even if the water is very hot .
A bubble under a certain radius would have more pressure from its own surface tension than from the heated water molecules inside it .
Starting a bubble from nothing in one hundred degree water would be like a human trying to properly inflate a car tire by blowing into it .
There 's just not enough force being applied to expand the thing .
Everyone reading this has seen a boiling pot of water , though .
What is it that makes it happen ?
The term that scientists use is ‘ nucleation sites . '
Nucleation sites break the smooth cohesiveness of the water molecules and allow bubbles to form .
The greater the radius of the bubble , the easier it is to overcome the surface tension and expand the bubble even wider , the way it gets easier to blow up a balloon the thinner that the rubber around it is stretched .
So once a bubble gets started on a nucleation site , it can expand easily .
Advertisement
These nucleation sites do n't have to be big .
Boiling water is easy to get because most containers have irregularities along the sides – translation ; people live in filth – and most water has impurities like dust or grit – translation ; people also drink filth .
That sounds off - putting , but for the most part we are lucky that we live in such a desperately unhygienic world .
When there are no nucleation sites , things get dangerous .
Advertisement
Nucleation sites allow water to release energy steadily and in a controlled manner .
When nucleation does n't occur , heat and energy are still being pumped into the water .
They 're just not being released .
As a result the water gets hotter than it usually would , and much less stable than it usually is .
When something disturbs that stability , and causes nucleation to happen spontaneously , the reaction is extreme .
And so it is time for the mandatory Io9 safety lecture .
It would be a real shame if someone were to scrub out a clean glass , distill some water so it had no dust in it , and carefully microwave it until it became superheated , only to get a quick glimpse of the explosion before their eyeballs were boiled like green beans .
The safest way to see water explode is to view it online .
That 's also the safest way to share it with friends .
Advertisement
Via : Answers.com and Seed .
Bubbles in boiling water picture by Mike Fisk .
Extortion - Like Mass Automated Copyright Lawsuits Come To The US : 20,000 Filed , 30,000 More On The Way
from the this - is - not - how - the - legal - system - is - supposed - to - work dept
Before doing so , however , Dunlap talked with the IFTA , which would n't explicitly endorse the litigation , but which agreed to be generally supportive .
Dunlap also talked with the MPAA and other big studios , which expressed interest but wanted to see proof that ISPs would be cooperative .
And so , in the past few weeks on behalf of some low - key indie films , the first lawsuits were filed .
To get past ISPs , a copyright holder needs to file a " John Doe " case and get a court to issue a subpoena that orders the ISP to hand over information .
This can be costly .
According to Dunlap , ISPs are charging $ 32 to $ 60 for each IP address account requested .
ISPs cite the cost of notifying the account holder and giving them opportunity to file a motion to quash the subpoena .
When the U.S. Copyright Group filed its recent lawsuits and approached AT&T and other ISPs for account information , the lawyers say they were stunned at the reaction .
" Their subpoena compliance group said , ' We thought we had shut this ( approach ) down with the MPAA before , ' " says Dunlap .
The difference between the MPAA 's past approach and the new one being offered by the US Copyright Group could come down to numbers .
Weaver says the MPAA took a less targeted approach going after a smaller sampling of infringers in a single suit for multiple films , to send a message that would hopefully resonate to a much larger crowd .
In contrast , Dunlap and his partners are using the new monitoring technology to go after tens of thousands of infringers at a time on a contingency basis in hopes of coming up with the right cost - benefit incentive to pursue individual pirates .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Uh oh .
It appears that a group of independent filmmakers do n't seem to recognize the kind of backlash they can receive for going to war against file sharers .
It appears that a company , ridiculously named the US Copyright Group , has signed up a bunch of independent filmmakers , with the unofficial backing of Independent Film & Television Alliance , to follow in the footsteps of the disastrous European automated copyright infringement threat letter campaign , and have already gone after 20,000 alleged file sharers with another 30,000 about to follow .
Five specific lawsuits have been filed , listing the 20,000 IP addresses accused of infringement .
We've covered the shenanigans of companies like DigiProtect , Davenport Lyons and ACS : Law over in Europe for a while , where they monitor BitTorrent activity and then send out tens of thousands of " pre-settlement " threat letters , demanding payment to avoid a lawsuit .
Of course , with such a machine gun approach , a ton of totally innocent people are sent such letters demanding payment .
This practice has been condemned by politicians , consumer advocates , lawyers , ISPs and even ( believe it or not ) the recording industry .
Some of the lawyers involved in these programs have been referred for disciplinary action and some involved in this practice have been barred from practicing law And yet , apparently these letters are really lucrative .
Many people just pay up to avoid any lawsuit -- and many of the companies in the space pitch this not as a way to " stop file sharing " but as a way to " monetize file sharing . "
In fact , with at least some companies in the space , they 're seeding the content themselves -- despite the fact that this raises all sorts of questions over whether or not this is " authorized .
" For a while , we 've wondered why such practices have stayed in Europe , and assumed that perhaps those in the US had looked at the disastrous PR results of the RIAA 's lawsuit campaign .
Or , maybe , seen how well - known companies quickly backed out of such schemes after the negative publicity of mass threat letters .
These days , most of these threats seem to come from porn providers and small software firms .
However , with this new campaign in the US , it looks like the lawyers involved ( built off a program in Germany ) have signed up a bunch of independent film producers .
The full story , by Eriq Gardner at THREsq , has plenty of details .
Apparently , the lawyers sought to get the support of both the IFTA and the MPAA , and got some sort of unofficial support :
Of course , those involved are also touting this as a " revenue stream " and " monetizing the equivalent of an alternative distribution channel . "
That 's a really stunning statement when you think about it .
While I 'm sure some independent filmmakers are happy to get some money , this is a scorched earth method of getting paid .
This is putting a gun to people , based on little evidence , and forcing them to pay up .
That 's not how you build a business .
That 's not how you build up fans .
It 's certainly not going to build up any loyalty .
Gardner 's article highlights three risks with this plan : the PR disaster potential , the legal questions over IP addresses as evidence as well as whether or not a BitTorrent fragment really is infringement , and ISPs ' general unwillingness to hand over names without a lawsuit filed :
He then noted that one ISP ( unnamed , unfortunately ) has cooperated and just handed over 71 names , all of whom were sent " settlement offers . "
The other ISPs , who fought this in the past , are apparently trying to fight it here as well .
Hopefully the courts shut down such a blatant machine gun approach quickly .
But the bigger issue , really , is that anyone thinks this sort of move makes business sense .
We 've been seeing more and more independent filmmakers embracing smart new business models that involve building a loyal fan base and giving them a real reason to buy .
We 've seen independent filmmakers embracing file sharing to their own advantage , building up huge and loyal followings , and then figuring out how to sell them something valuable and scarce .
To see a bunch of independent filmmakers now go down this extortion - like path instead is really disheartening .
Filed Under : copyright , file sharers
Companies : us copyright group
A debate raged recently over growing Black unemployment – 30 percent among youth – as President Obama renewed federal support for historically Black colleges .
At a White House ceremony on Friday , Obama noted that “ it ’s because of these schools that one out of every two wide - eyed freshmen who arrives on their campuses with big backpacks and bigger dreams is the first in his or her family to go to college . ”
It is these working - class families of color who are bearing the brunt of the recession .
At stake in the debate is whether race - neutral federal anti-recessionary efforts are adequate .
Many feel targeted measures are necessary .
The issue flared red hot in the aftermath of a meeting last month between the civil rights leadership and President Obama on the subject of African American unemployment .
After the February dialog , the first in which the president has met with civil rights leaders , Tavis Smiley , a well - known Black journalist , criticized Obama for not having and promoting a Black agenda .
Smiley has long been critical of the president and his policies .
The Rev. Al Sharpton , a participant in the White House discussion , responded that Obama is president of the entire country , not only of African Americans .
Sharpton , along with other meeting participants including Benjamin Jealous of the NAACP and the Urban League ’s Mark Morial , stressed that the talk with the president focused on employment efforts that would help all Americans , including Black people .
“ In these times , it did n’t make sense to talk about race - based initiatives , ” Mr. Jealous said in an interview after the meeting , ” the New York Times reported .
He continued , “ It made more sense to target poor areas . ”
He added , “ When you ’re on the ground , the poor black community is the same as the poor white community . ”
Sharpton , in his weekly radio show , noted that the president should not be faulted for raising issues the civil rights community itself should champion .
Sharpton maintained that the president should be asked to respond to an agenda put forward by African Americans .
At stake here are the tactics of engagement with a friendly administration in circumstances in which extreme pressure is being brought to bear from many sides .
In addition another issue looms :
Is the administration ’s contention that a rising tide lifts all boats valid ?
Or is it the case that some are some stuck on the bottom and in need of special measures to be lifted from the mud ?
The Congressional Black Caucus seems to hold the latter view , but its members are quick to point out that they are not at odds with the president , but rather that each must play different roles .
CBC leaders in December argued forcefully for programs targeted to assist those hardest hit by the recession .
After failing to have their concerns met by administration officials the Black legislators boycotted committee votes on financial regulatory reform .
In December , Rep. Barney Frank , chair of the House committee , agreed to the CBC ’s demands : “ Frank agreed to Waters ’s proposal to steer $ 3 billion from the federal Troubled Assets Relief Program toward mortgage relief for the unemployed .
The bill also sets aside $ 1 billion for a program that gives grants to state and local governments to buy foreclosed properties and use them for more productive purposes . ”
Unfortunately , the battle did not end there .
When the final bill was passed these provisions may been left out .
Columunist Clarence Page writes , “ When the House passed its $ 154 billion jobs bill in December , it left out the caucus ’ request to direct 10 percent of the funding to low - income communities . ”
Page may be reporting only part of the story .
The LA Times writes : “ The House in December passed a $ 154 - billion jobs bill that included several provisions sought by the Congressional Black Caucus , such as a $ 500 - million summer jobs program and a $ 1 - billion fund for affordable housing .
It also included $ 26.7 billion to help state and local governments maintain public service jobs – workforces in which minorities are well represented . ”
Insisting on the need for special measures the CBC is keeping up the pressure .
The LA Times continues : “ Rep. Barbara Lee ( D - Oakland ) , the black caucus chairwoman , met with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) recently to urge inclusion of those priorities in the companion Senate jobs bill . ”
The CBC is well aware that President Obama must govern and represent the interests of an entire nation .
With this in mind caucus members have valiantly fought for their constituents ’ interests , viewing this as in the best interests of the president and the nation .
Here lies the crux of the matter : how does one define “ best interest . ”
For the president it ’s clearly a balancing act : managing corporate and people ’s demands , while attempting to isolate the extreme right .
So far corporate interests have predominated albeit with a softer touch and some important reforms here and there .
The peoples best interest too cannot ignore the danger posed by right - wing extremism : still it must strongly insist on solutions to the crisis of every day living brought on by corporate greed .
At the end the day the interests of the racially oppressed and working class must be given priority .
Building a movement to bring real change to Washington and counter right - wing efforts to push the administration away from fulfilling its campaign promises is the best guarantee of success .
Differences in tactics among friends pale in comparison to the danger posed by a return to power by the extreme right .
Keep the pressure on .
Medicaid patients 5.5 times more likely to get cataract surgery than VA patients , study finds
Related images
( click to enlarge )
Patients seen at private facilities reimbursed by Medicare were more than 550 percent more likely to have routine cataract surgery than those who received their care from the Department of Veterans Affairs , a strong indication that the frequency of cataract surgery may be responsive to financial incentives to either or both the medical facility and the physicians who perform the procedure .
These findings from a large eight - year study are reported in the March 2010 issue of the American Journal of Medical Quality .
The authors are uncertain of the cause of the disparity in cataract surgery given that the vast majority of older veterans are enrolled in both Medicare and the VA health system , both government - funded systems .
" We do n't know yet what exactly accounts for the five and a half fold difference in surgery rates between the two systems .
It may be related to how the two systems are funded by the government , it could be a difference between physician - driven decisions or it may be related to a lack of ophthalmologists within the VA system or it could be more than one of these factors , ' said first author Dustin French , Ph.D. , Regenstrief Institute investigator and assistant professor of medicine at the Indiana University School of Medicine .
Dr. French is a health economist who studies health outcomes .
VA physicians and hospitals do not have the same financial incentives to perform cataract surgery as physicians and medical facilities outside the VA system .
" The results of our study raise important questions about the possible existence of a two - tier , federally funded health - care system that may not be equivalent in terms of quality of care , " said Dr. French , who is also a research scientist with the Center of Excellence on Implementing Evidence Based Practice at the Richard A. Roudebush VA Medical Center .
The authors note that their findings provide ample reason to further investigate the determinants of cataract surgery rates .
Nationwide , cataract surgery is the most common surgical procedure performed by ophthalmologists .
Uri Blau
The office at the Adiv fabric - printing shop in south Tel Aviv handles a constant stream of customers , many of them soldiers in uniform , who come to order custom clothing featuring their unit 's insignia , usually accompanied by a slogan and drawing of their choosing .
Elsewhere on the premises , the sketches are turned into plates used for imprinting the ordered items , mainly T - shirts and baseball caps , but also hoodies , fleece jackets and pants .
A young Arab man from Jaffa supervises the workers who imprint the words and pictures , and afterward hands over the finished product .
Dead babies , mothers weeping on their children 's graves , a gun aimed at a child and bombed - out mosques - these are a few examples of the images Israel Defense Forces soldiers design these days to print on shirts they order to mark the end of training , or of field duty .
The slogans accompanying the drawings are not exactly anemic either : A T - shirt for infantry snipers bears the inscription " Better use Durex , " next to a picture of a dead Palestinian baby , with his weeping mother and a teddy bear beside him .
A sharpshooter 's T - shirt from the Givati Brigade 's Shaked battalion shows a pregnant Palestinian woman with a bull 's - eye superimposed on her belly , with the slogan , in English , " 1 shot , 2 kills . "
A " graduation " shirt for those who have completed another snipers course depicts a Palestinian baby , who grows into a combative boy and then an armed adult , with the inscription , " No matter how it begins , we 'll put an end to it . "
There are also plenty of shirts with blatant sexual messages .
For example , the Lavi battalion produced a shirt featuring a drawing of a soldier next to a young woman with bruises , and the slogan , " Bet you got raped ! "
A few of the images underscore actions whose existence the army officially denies - such as " confirming the kill " ( shooting a bullet into an enemy victim's head from close range , to ensure he is dead ) , or harming religious sites , or female or child non-combatants .
In many cases , the content is submitted for approval to one of the unit 's commanders .
The latter , however , do not always have control over what gets printed , because the artwork is a private initiative of soldiers that they never hear about .
Drawings or slogans previously banned in certain units have been approved for distribution elsewhere .
For example , shirts declaring , " We wo n't chill ' til we confirm the kill " were banned in the past ( the IDF claims that the practice does n't exist ) , yet the Haruv battalion printed some last year .
The slogan " Let every Arab mother know that her son 's fate is in my hands ! " had previously been banned for use on another infantry unit 's shirt .
A Givati soldier said this week , however , that at the end of last year , his platoon printed up dozens of shirts , fleece jackets and pants bearing this slogan .
" It has a drawing depicting a soldier as the Angel of Death , next to a gun and an Arab town , " he explains .
" The text was very powerful .
The funniest part was that when our soldier came to get the shirts , the man who printed them was an Arab , and the soldier felt so bad that he told the girl at the counter to bring them to him . "
Does the design go to the commanders for approval ?
The Givati soldier : " Usually the shirts undergo a selection process by some officer , but in this case , they were approved at the level of platoon sergeant .
We ordered shirts for 30 soldiers and they were really into it , and everyone wanted several items and paid NIS 200 on average . "
What do you think of the slogan that was printed ?
" I did n't like it so much , but most of the soldiers wanted it . "
Many controversial shirts have been ordered by graduates of snipers courses , which bring together soldiers from various units .
In 2006 , soldiers from the " Carmon Team " course for elite - unit marksmen printed a shirt with a drawing of a knife - wielding Palestinian in the crosshairs of a gun sight , and the slogan , " You 've got to run fast , run fast , run fast , before it 's all over . "
Below is a drawing of Arab women weeping over a grave and the words : " And afterward they cry , and afterward they cry . "
[ The inscriptions are riffs on a popular song . ]
Another sniper 's shirt also features an Arab man in the crosshairs , and the announcement , " Everything is with the best of intentions . "
G. , a soldier in an elite unit who has done a snipers course , explained that , " it 's a type of bonding process , and also it 's well known that anyone who is a sniper is messed up in the head .
Our shirts have a lot of double entendres , for example : ' Bad people with good aims . '
Every group that finishes a course puts out stuff like that . "
When are these shirts worn ?
G. " These are shirts for around the house , for jogging , in the army .
Not for going out .
Sometimes people will ask you what it 's about . "
Of the shirt depicting a bull 's - eye on a pregnant woman , he said : " There are people who think it 's not right , and I think so as well , but it does n't really mean anything .
I mean it 's not like someone is gonna go and shoot a pregnant woman . "
What is the idea behind the shirt from July 2007 , which has an image of a child with the slogan " Smaller - harder ! " ?
" It 's a kid , so you 've got a little more of a problem , morally , and also the target is smaller . "
Do your superiors approve the shirts before printing ?
" Yes , although one time they rejected some shirt that was too extreme .
I do n't remember what was on it . "
These shirts also seem pretty extreme .
Why draw crosshairs over a child - do you shoot kids ?
' We came , we saw '
" As a sniper , you get a lot of extreme situations .
You suddenly see a small boy who picks up a weapon and it's up to you to decide whether to shoot .
These shirts are half - facetious , bordering on the truth , and they reflect the extreme situations you might encounter .
The one who - honest - to - God sees the target with his own eyes - that 's the sniper . "
Have you encountered a situation like that ?
" Fortunately , not involving a kid , but involving a woman - yes .
There was someone who was n't holding a weapon , but she was near a prohibited area and could have posed a threat . "
What did you do ?
" I did n't take it " ( i.e. , shoot ) .
You do n't regret that , I imagine .
" No .
Whomever I had to shoot , I shot . "
A shirt printed up just this week for soldiers of the Lavi battalion , who spent three years in the West Bank , reads : " We came , we saw , we destroyed ! " - alongside images of weapons , an angry soldier and a Palestinian village with a ruined mosque in the center .
A shirt printed after Operation Cast Lead in Gaza for Battalion 890 of the Paratroops depicts a King Kong - like soldier in a city under attack .
The slogan is unambiguous : " If you believe it can be fixed , then believe it can be destroyed ! "
Y. , a soldier / yeshiva student , designed the shirt .
" You take whoever [ in the unit ] knows how to draw and then you give it to the commanders before printing , " he explained .
What is the soldier holding in his hand ?
Y. " A mosque .
Before I drew the shirt I had some misgivings , because I wanted it to be like King Kong , but not too monstrous .
The one holding the mosque - I wanted him to have a more normal - looking face , so it would n't look like an anti-Semitic cartoon .
Some of the people who saw it told me , ' Is that what you 've got to show for the IDF ?
That it destroys homes ? '
I can understand people who look at this from outside and see it that way , but I was in Gaza and they kept emphasizing that the object of the operation was to wreak destruction on the infrastructure , so that the price the Palestinians and the leadership pay will make them realize that it is n't worth it for them to go on shooting .
So that 's the idea of ' we 're coming to destroy ' in the drawing . "
According to Y. , most of these shirts are worn strictly in an army context , not in civilian life .
" And within the army people look at it differently , " he added .
" I do n't think I would walk down the street in this shirt , because it would draw fire .
Even at my yeshiva I do n't think people would like it . "
Y. also came up with a design for the shirt his unit printed at the end of basic training .
It shows a clenched fist shattering the symbol of the Paratroops Corps .
Where does the fist come from ?
" It 's reminiscent of [ Rabbi Meir ] Kahane 's symbol .
I borrowed it from an emblem for something in Russia , but basically it 's supposed to look like Kahane 's symbol , the one from ' Kahane Was Right ' - it 's a sort of joke .
Our company commander is kind of gung - ho . "
Was the shirt printed ?
" Yes .
It was a company shirt .
We printed about 100 like that . "
This past January , the " Night Predators " demolitions platoon from Golani's Battalion 13 ordered a T - shirt showing a Golani devil detonating a charge that destroys a mosque .
An inscription above it says , " Only God forgives . "
One of the soldiers in the platoon downplays it : " It does n't mean much , it 's just a T - shirt from our platoon .
It 's not a big deal .
A friend of mine drew a picture and we made it into a shirt . "
What 's the idea behind " Only God forgives " ?
The soldier : " It 's just a saying . "
No one had a problem with the fact that a mosque gets blown up in the picture ?
" I do n't see what you 're getting at .
I do n't like the way you 're going with this .
Do n't take this somewhere you 're not supposed to , as though we hate Arabs . "
After Operation Cast Lead , soldiers from that battalion printed a T - shirt depicting a vulture sexually penetrating Hamas ' prime minister , Ismail Haniyeh , accompanied by a particularly graphic slogan .
S. , a soldier in the platoon that ordered the shirt , said the idea came from a similar shirt , printed after the Second Lebanon War , that featured Hassan Nasrallah instead of Haniyeh .
" They do n't okay things like that at the company level .
It 's a shirt we put out just for the platoon , " S. explained .
What 's the problem with this shirt ?
S. : " It bothers some people to see these things , from a religious standpoint ... "
How did people who saw it respond ?
" We do n't have that many Orthodox people in the platoon , so it was n't a problem .
It 's just something the guys want to put out .
It 's more for wearing around the house , and not within the companies , because it bothers people .
The Orthodox mainly .
The officers tell us it 's best not to wear shirts like this on the base . "
The sketches printed in recent years at the Adiv factory , one of the largest of its kind in the country , are arranged in drawers according to the names of the units placing the orders : Paratroops , Golani , air force , sharpshooters and so on .
Each drawer contains hundreds of drawings , filed by year .
Many of the prints are cartoons and slogans relating to life in the unit , or inside jokes that outsiders would n't get ( and might not care to , either ) , but a handful reflect particular aggressiveness , violence and vulgarity .
Print - shop manager Haim Yisrael , who has worked there since the early 1980s , said Adiv prints around 1,000 different patterns each month , with soldiers accounting for about half .
Yisrael recalled that when he started out , there were hardly any orders from the army .
" The first ones to do it were from the Nahal brigade , " he said .
" Later on other infantry units started printing up shirts , and nowadays any course with 15 participants prints up shirts . "
From time to time , officers complain .
" Sometimes the soldiers do things that are inside jokes that only they get , and sometimes they do something foolish that they take to an extreme , " Yisrael explained .
" There have been a few times when commanding officers called and said , ' How can you print things like that for soldiers ? '
For example , with shirts that trashed the Arabs too much .
I told them it's a private company , and I 'm not interested in the content .
I can print whatever I like .
We 're neutral .
There have always been some more extreme and some less so .
It 's just that now more people are making shirts . "
Race to be unique
Evyatar Ben-Tzedef , a research associate at the International Policy Institute for Counter - Terrorism and former editor of the IDF publication Maarachot , said the phenomenon of custom - made T - shirts is a product of " the infantry 's insane race to be unique .
I , for example , had only one shirt that I received after the Yom Kippur War .
It said on it , ' The School for Officers , ' and that was it .
What happened since then is a product of the decision to assign every unit an emblem and a beret .
After all , there used to be very few berets : black , red or green .
This changed in the 1990s .
[ The shirts ] developed because of the fact that for bonding purposes , each unit created something that was unique to it .
" These days the content on shirts is sometimes deplorable , " Ben -Tzedef explained .
" It stems from the fact that profanity is very acceptable and normative in Israel , and that there is a lack of respect for human beings and their environment , which includes racism aimed in every direction . "
Yossi Kaufman , who moderates the army and defense forum on the Web site Fresh , served in the Armored Corps from 1996 to 1999 .
" I also drew shirts , and I remember the first one , " he said .
" It had a small emblem on the front and some inside joke , like , ' When we die , we 'll go to heaven , because we 've already been through hell . ' "
Kaufman has also been exposed to T - shirts of the sort described here .
" I know there are shirts like these , " he says .
" I 've heard and also seen a little .
These are not shirts that soldiers can wear in civilian life , because they would get stoned , nor at a battalion get - together , because the battalion commander would be pissed off .
They wear them on very rare occasions .
There 's all sorts of black humor stuff , mainly from snipers , such as , ' Do n't bother running because you 'll die tired ' - with a drawing of a Palestinian boy , not a terrorist .
There 's a Golani or Givati shirt of a soldier raping a girl , and underneath it says , ' No virgins , no terror attacks . '
I laughed , but it was pretty awful .
When I was asked once to draw things like that , I said it was n't appropriate . "
The IDF Spokesman 's Office comments on the phenomenon : " Military regulations do not apply to civilian clothing , including shirts produced at the end of basic training and various courses .
The designs are printed at the soldiers ' private initiative , and on civilian shirts .
The examples raised by Haaretz are not in keeping with the values of the IDF spirit , not representative of IDF life , and are in poor taste .
Humor of this kind deserves every condemnation and excoriation .
The IDF intends to take action for the immediate eradication of this phenomenon .
To this end , it is emphasizing to commanding officers that it is appropriate , among other things , to take discretionary and disciplinary measures against those involved in acts of this sort . "
Shlomo Tzipori , a lieutenant colonel in the reserves and a lawyer specializing in martial law , said the army does bring soldiers up on charges for offenses that occur outside the base and during their free time .
According to Tzipori , slogans that constitute an " insult to the army or to those in uniform " are grounds for court - martial , on charges of " shameful conduct " or " disciplinary infraction , " which are general clauses in judicial martial law .
Sociologist Dr. Orna Sasson - Levy , of Bar - Ilan University , author of " Identities in Uniform : Masculinities and Femininities in the Israeli Military , " said that the phenomenon is " part of a radicalization process the entire country is undergoing , and the soldiers are at its forefront .
I think that ever since the second intifada there has been a continual shift to the right .
The pullout from Gaza and its outcome - the calm that never arrived - led to a further shift rightward .
" This tendency is most strikingly evident among soldiers who encounter various situations in the territories on a daily basis .
There is less meticulousness than in the past , and increasing callousness .
There is a perception that the Palestinian is not a person , a human being entitled to basic rights , and therefore anything may be done to him . "
Could the printing of clothing be viewed also as a means of venting aggression ?
Sasson - Levy : " No . I think it strengthens and stimulates aggression and legitimizes it .
What disturbs me is that a shirt is something that has permanence .
The soldiers later wear it in civilian life ; their girlfriends wear it afterward .
It is not a statement , but rather something physical that remains , that is out there in the world .
Beyond that , I think the link made between sexist views and nationalist views , as in the ' Screw Haniyeh ' shirt , is interesting .
National chauvinism and gender chauvinism combine and strengthen one another .
It establishes a masculinity shaped by violent aggression toward women and Arabs ; a masculinity that considers it legitimate to speak in a crude and violent manner toward women and Arabs . "
Col. ( res. )
Ron Levy began his military service in the Sayeret Matkal elite commando force before the Six - Day War .
He was the IDF 's chief psychologist , and headed the army 's mental health department in the 1980s .
Levy : " I 'm familiar with things of this sort going back 40 , 50 years , and each time they take a different form .
Psychologically speaking , this is one of the ways in which soldiers project their anger , frustration and violence .
It is a certain expression of things , which I call ' below the belt . ' "
Do you think this a good way to vent anger ?
Levy : " It 's safe .
But there are also things here that deviate from the norm , and you could say that whoever is creating these things has reached some level of normality .
He gives expression to the fact that what is considered abnormal today might no longer be so tomorrow . "
-###-
We are the Nazis of our time and we are proud of it , by Uri Blau
Warzone is slightly different from other battle royale titles with how different solo verse team play is experienced .
Take Fortnite , you duo up and sure it means you can get revived , ...
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
meow mix I made this !
my cat wrote a song , and here it is
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 14:41 , Reply
Nicely done
Woke my two up ( with a fright ) from their slumber , when it started !
:-)
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 14:48 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 14:48 , Reply
Haha !
You mentalist !
* clicks *
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 14:48 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 14:48 , Reply
Brilliant !
Although you have just freaked the hell out of my 4 week old baby :)
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 14:52 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 14:52 , Reply
Hahahaha
Fucking hell
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 14:54 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 14:54 , Reply
This is Brilliant !
For once I was n't too disturbed by it , but my cat was
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 15:01 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 15:01 , Reply
Hahaha you crazy sonofabitch
That was brilliant
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 15:04 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 15:04 , Reply
that made me
very very happy
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 15:12 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 15:12 , Reply
Hahahaha
How completely hatstand !
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 15:24 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 15:24 , Reply
Hahahaha
Brilliant
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 15:27 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 15:27 , Reply
I love Cyriak and his cat too .
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 16:12 , Reply
Just sit down and relax .
Now , tell me about your mother .
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 21:52 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 21:52 , Reply
Let me tell you about my mother
* boom *
( , Fri 14 Aug 2009 , 16:27 , ( , Fri 14 Aug 2009 , 16:27 , Reply
Hahaha - good stuff :D
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 16:17 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 16:17 , Reply
Haha
Thats fuckin scary !!
Excellent work , sir !
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 16:38 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 16:38 , Reply
Unsettling , brilliantly so !
Are you sure you do n't sniff marker pens before being inspired to do this stuff ? ;)
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 16:42 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 16:42 , Reply
Cattrageous !
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 16:44 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 16:44 , Reply
Genius !
My cat is now singing harmony .
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 16:54 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 16:54 , Reply
0_o
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 17:12 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 17:12 , Reply
lovely
It made me like kitties just a little bit more
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 17:39 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 17:39 , Reply
Hot damn haha
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 17:42 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 17:42 , Reply
You are a genius ....
.... and so is your cat !
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 18:52 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 18:52 , Reply
Soup herb !
Love it , crazy and brilliant . :D
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 19:51 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 19:51 , Reply
i missed
my b3taday , but this made up for it
( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 21:54 , ( , Sat 8 Aug 2009 , 21:54 , Reply
Did anyone else think ...
... glitch in the matrix ?
( , Sun 9 Aug 2009 , 1:36 , ( , Sun 9 Aug 2009 , 1:36 , Reply
this is excellent !
most clickabletastic :D
( , Sun 9 Aug 2009 , 2:36 , ( , Sun 9 Aug 2009 , 2:36 , Reply
Lovely !
And your cat is very cute .
( , Sun 9 Aug 2009 , 18:41 , ( , Sun 9 Aug 2009 , 18:41 , Reply
That was quite normal .
* clicks *
( , Mon 10 Aug 2009 , 10:30 , ( , Mon 10 Aug 2009 , 10:30 , Reply
Nice :)
so how are things at the asylum ? ;)
( , Mon 10 Aug 2009 , 10:48 , ( , Mon 10 Aug 2009 , 10:48 , Reply
I couldnt watch the whole thing , it made my dog howl .... alot !!
( , Fri 14 Aug 2009 , 16:33 , ( , Fri 14 Aug 2009 , 16:33 , Reply
blindingly good !
( , Fri 14 Aug 2009 , 16:55 , ( , Fri 14 Aug 2009 , 16:55 , Reply
scared the heck out of my mogglet
should 've seen the bugger sprint out of the room
( , Fri 14 Aug 2009 , 18:18 , ( , Fri 14 Aug 2009 , 18:18 , Reply
woof lol
( , Fri 14 Aug 2009 , 18:41 , ( , Fri 14 Aug 2009 , 18:41 , Reply
hahaha
thanks monty , i now have to get a ladder and a suit of armor to pull my cat off of the ceiling
( , Sat 15 Aug 2009 , 0:46 , ( , Sat 15 Aug 2009 , 0:46 , Reply
Nice !
My St. Bernard is currently wondering " where da kittehs iz ? " , and my black cat who looks * exactly * like the one in the video has his ears back .
( , Sat 15 Aug 2009 , 1:23 , ( , Sat 15 Aug 2009 , 1:23 , Reply
Woop
Most excellent , sir !
My cat has now been thoroughly Confused .
( , Sat 15 Aug 2009 , 3:17 , ( , Sat 15 Aug 2009 , 3:17 , Reply
I only managed to listen to about 20 seconds
before my cat started attacking the speaker !
Great stuff !
( , Sat 15 Aug 2009 , 7:37 , ( , Sat 15 Aug 2009 , 7:37 , Reply
Coffe should not go through the nose ...
But it did just now in mine .
Brill !
( , Sat 15 Aug 2009 , 12:50 , ( , Sat 15 Aug 2009 , 12:50 , Reply
That .
Is . Fucking .
Ace .
( , Sat 15 Aug 2009 , 22:53 , ( , Sat 15 Aug 2009 , 22:53 , Reply
ok adds to list
top stuff especially the devil cat solo
( , Sun 16 Aug 2009 , 15:53 , ( , Sun 16 Aug 2009 , 15:53 , Reply
awesome !
my cats started singing along !
they liked it just as much as i did ... maybe even more !
( , Sun 16 Aug 2009 , 23:52 , ( , Sun 16 Aug 2009 , 23:52 , Reply
Clever cat !
( , Mon 17 Aug 2009 , 5:01 , ( , Mon 17 Aug 2009 , 5:01 , Reply
Cat vid
Here 's my URL :
Love your work , matey !
I love it so much that I 've embedded it my blog - I trust that you do n't mind ?
Let me know if you do , and I 'll remove it Here 's my URL : atarashinooz.blogspot.com /
Love your work , matey !
( , Wed 19 Aug 2009 , 7:09 , Reply
I think I love your brain
( , Wed 19 Aug 2009 , 8:27 , ( , Wed 19 Aug 2009 , 8:27 , Reply
weeeawww
weeeawww
( , Mon 23 Nov 2009 , 20:18 , ( , Mon 23 Nov 2009 , 20:18 , Reply
From here , no idea who made it ; I ’d like to shake his hand .
Found here , but the poster found it via StumbleUpon .
Having seen way too much bloom on the Atacama Desert map for the Russian pilots in Battlefield : Bad Company 2 ( my current addiction , e.g. this and this ) , I can relate .
Edit : please do read the comments for why both pairs of images are wrong .
I ’m so used to HDR == tone mapping that I pretty much forgot the top pair is also technically incorrect ( HDR is the range of the data , tone mapping can take such data and map it nicely to a displayable 8 - bit image without banding ) – thank you , Jaakko .
Amid confusion over the rise in defence cuts , I was surprised to learn that the UK has one of the biggest military budgets in the world - nearly £ 40 bn ( $ 60 bn ) in 2008 .
But I was less surprised to see who had the biggest .
Info is beautiful : war chests .
Graphic : David McCandless
Yep , the United States spent a staggering $ 607bn ( £ 402 bn ) on defence in 2008 .
Currently engaged in what will likely be the longest ground war in US history in Afghanistan .
Harbourer of thousands of nuclear weapons .
1.5 m soldiers .
Fleets of aircrafts , bombs and seemingly endless amounts of military technology .
Here 's that bloated military budget in context .
Info is beautiful : the US military budget .
Graphic : David McCandless
The defence budgets of the other top nine countries can be neatly accommodated inside the US budget .
So the US is an aggressive , war - mongeringing military machine , right ?
And the numbers prove it .
But is that true ?
Is that the whole picture ?
Military units
First of all , the enormity of the US military budget is not just down to a powerful military - industrial complex .
America is a rich country .
In fact , it 's vastly rich .
So its budget is bound to dwarf the others .
Info is beautiful : defence budgets compared .
Graphic : David McCandless
( This is a reworking of an image from the blog ASecondHandConjecture.com )
It does n't seem fair to not factor in the wealth of a country when assessing its military budget .
So , if you take military budgets as a proportion of each country 's GDP , a very different picture emerges .
Info is beautiful : the biggest spenders .
Graphic : David McCandless
The US is knocked down into 8th place by such nations as Jordan , Burundi and Georgia .
The UK plunges to 29th .
Why are these other nations spending so much on their military ?
• Myanmar ( Burma ) is a military dictatorship , so that must bias their budgets a little .
• Jordan occupies a critical geographic position in the Middle East and has major investment in its military from the US , UK and France .
In return , it deploys large peace - keeping forces across the world .
•
The former soviet republic of Georgia was invaded by Russia in 2008 .
Relations remain extremely tense .
• Saudi Arabia spends heavily on its air force and military capabilities .
Why is not clear .
The stories behind Kyrgyzstan , Burundi and Oman 's spending are also not clear .
( If you have any ideas , please let us know ) .
Soldiers
A country 's military investment is not just dollars and cents .
It 's also about soldiers and infantry .
When it comes to sheer number of soldiers , you can guess the result .
Info is beautiful : active forces .
Graphic : David McCandless
But , as ever , using whole numbers creates a skewed picture .
China obviously has a huge population .
Their army is bound to be huge .
If you adjust the parameters to a proportional view , the image shifts dramatically .
Info is beautiful 6 : proportional forces .
Graphic : David McCandless
North Korea tops the league with the most militarised population , while China plummets to a staggering 164th in the world league table .
The US barely scrapes the top 50 .
The UK 's armed forces look tiny .
This re-ordering creates some surprises too .
Israel and Iraq you could perhaps predict .
But Eritrea and Djibouti ?
All soldiers
To give the fullest picture of armed forces , reservists , civilian and paramilitary should also be included .
This again gives a different picture and perhaps a more revealing one .
One that suggests combat readiness , primed forces and perhaps paranoia too ?
Who 's expecting to be invaded ?
Info is beautiful : total armed forces .
Graphic : David McCandless
Here again , when all the numbers are added up , the US infantry is ranked a lowly 61st for size in the world .
So is the US an " aggressive , war - mongering military machine " obsessed with spending on defence and plumping up its armed forces ?
Perhaps , the numbers say , not .
The data
Military Budgets Around The World 2008
source : Stockholm International Peace Research Institute
( make a copy of the spreadsheet if you want to use the sorting feature )
GDP of major nations as US States
source ( IMF , Bureau Of Economic Analysis )
Africa Debt figure : UN ( PDF )
About me
I run the website InformationIsBeautiful.net , dedicated to visualising information , ideas , stories and data .
My book of infographic exploria is called Information Is Beautiful .
It 's published by HarperCollins .
In the US , the book 's called The Visual Miscellaneum
World government data
• Search the world 's government data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data ?
Flickr
Please post your visualisations and mash - ups on our Flickr group or mail us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A - Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
View unanswered posts |
View active topics
View unread posts |
View new posts |
View your posts
Forum Topics Posts Last post
Introductions and Guidelines Read the forum rules , and start a thread here to introduce yourself to the community .
620 4167 Fri Sep 11 , 2020 1:29 am gennan
Off Topic
All non-Go discussions should go here .
890 15484 Sun Sep 27 , 2020 12:43 pm Marathon
Announcements
Tell the community about tournaments , new go sites , software updates , etc. 645 6182 Wed Sep 30 , 2020 3:44 am bernds
General Go Chat General conversations about Go belong here .
2475 38288 Wed Sep 30 , 2020 1:12 pm drixs2050
Beginners
If you 're new to the game and have questions , post them here .
748 10807 Thu Aug 27 , 2020 11:30 am Joaz Banbeck
Amateurs
Talk about improving your game , resources you like , games you played , etc. 553 9953 Wed Sep 30 , 2020 2:24 pm Bill Spight
Professionals
Higher level discussions , analysis of professional games , etc. , go here .
1090 17332 Wed Sep 30 , 2020 1:18 pm AloneAgainstAll
Go Rules
For discussing go rule sets and rule theory 237 4952 Tue Sep 29 , 2020 10:53 am gennan
Forum / Site Suggestions and Bugs Is something wrong ?
Do you have any suggestions ?
Let us know .
340 4103 Sun Aug 02 , 2020 9:49 am Ferran
Creative writing 55 577 Thu Sep 10 , 2020 9:11 am phillip1882
Tournaments 97 2308
Thu Apr 30 , 2020 5:34 am jlt
Game Analysis
Post your games here for other members to critique your play .
1765 13559 Sun Sep 13 , 2020 4:34 am baduk
Study Group
For lessons , as well as threads about specific moves , and anything else worth studying .
1195 15300 Wed Sep 30 , 2020 2:49 pm Shaddy
Teachers / Club Leaders
Use this forum to discuss teaching methods .
( Teacher 's ads should go in the sub- forum ) 114 1219 Thu May 14 , 2020 5:18 am Holly Miller
Study Journals Create a study plan , track your progress and hold yourself accountable .
376 17146 Sat Sep 26 , 2020 1:31 pm Gomoto
Rengo Games 4 775 Mon Feb 08 , 2016 7:59 am skydyr
Go Books
Don't know what book to read next ?
Have a killer reading list for improving joseki knowledge ?
This is this place .
574 6166 Wed Sep 30 , 2020 3:40 pm baduk
Go Book Reviews Review , rate , or look up books here .
Post your comments etc. 110 1368 Wed Jul 29 , 2020 2:37 am lichigo
Computer Go For discussing go computing , software announcements , etc. 1063 15269 Thu Oct 01 , 2020 1:29 am HermanHiddema
Gobans and other equipment General discussions about gobans , etc. , go here .
If you 're selling go equipment , it should go in the Trading Post .
521 5380 Sun Sep 13 , 2020 3:22 pm Joaz Banbeck
Trading Post Looking for a used goban ?
Have some beginner books you no longer need ?
Trading / selling / buying can take place here .
187 983 Tue Sep 29 , 2020 7:35 am LokBuddha
New Products / Upgrades / Sales
News on new products , product updates , and sales from vendors .
50 225 Sat Aug 22 , 2020 8:48 pm Soromon
Go Club Discussions Discuss club matters here .
181 1332 Tue Jul 07 , 2020 12:56 pm jlt
American Go Association Forum
The home for discussions about the AGA .
200 3018 Sun Jun 28 , 2020 2:21 am Javaness2
Australian Go Association
For discussion of the other AGA .
21 89 Tue Jun 11 , 2019 6:57 pm ahd
European Go Federation Forum
The home for discussions about the EGF 155 3076 Sun Sep 27 , 2020 11:59 am Vesa
Singapore Weiqi Association 6 31 Tue May 17 , 2016 12:45 am goshunryou
KGS Comments , questions , rants , etc , that are specifically about KGS go here .
394 7600 Sun Aug 23 , 2020 5:05 am SpongeBob
ASR League Discussions about the KGS ASR League go here ...
178 1276 Mon Feb 20 , 2017 2:13 pm climu
IGS Comments , questions , rants , etc , that are specifically about IGS go here .
98 832 Mon Apr 13 , 2020 8:24 pm Drew
OGS Comments , questions , rants , etc , that are specifically about OGS go here .
39 483 Tue Aug 04 , 2020 8:40 am Bonobo
Tygem Come here for discussions about the Tygem go server 132 1175 Wed Sep 02 , 2020 12:00 pm gennan
WBaduk Comments , questions , rants , etc , that are specifically about WBaduk go here .
72 488 Sun Sep 13 , 2020 3:22 am dohduhdah
Turn Based Servers Discuss DGS and other turn based servers here .
41 244 Sun Jun 07 , 2020 2:48 am alisbarbe
Insei League Events 23 159 Tue Jan 09 , 2018 1:27 pm Will
Weezer is the latest band to leave their major label surroundings to go independent .
Weezer has left Geffen Records , which has been their home since 1994
Further , bassist Scott Shriner told Billboard the following :
“ We ’re always planning and scheming something .
We ’re always working on some new music .
I ca n’t really go into any detail about that yet , but we ’re all writing and working on new stuff . ”
The band also plans to rerelease a deluxe edition of their classic 1996 disc , Pinkerton , along with a rarities compilation entitled Odds and Ends , perhaps to remind us all of a time and world before the band released the horrors of tracks like “ Beverly Hills , ” “ ( If You ’re Wondering If I Want You To ) I Want You To , ” and “ We Are All on Drugs . ”
Weezer why not send RouteNote your new releases ,
Im sure we could offer you a good deal !
If someone were to destroy your grandmother ’s house in order to sell the materials for a profit would you be OK with it ?
Unfortunately our race , the human race , is doing that exact thing to our closest living relatives in Africa .
Habitat exploitation , poaching for bush - meat as well as the introduction of new diseases is destroying the last hold out populations of chimpanzees and gorillas .
At the current rate , soon there will no longer be any wild chimpanzees or gorillas and according to experts minimum of $ 30 million dollars is needed if we plan on conserving these species on our planet .
“ This devastating mix of threats leaves us on the brink of losing some of our closest living relatives , ” said Russell A. Mittermeier , president of Conservation International and chairman of the Primate Specialist Group of IUCN - The World Conservation Union ’s Species Survival Commission .
“ Protecting gorillas and chimps is not just important in its own right .
These animals are also flagship species , important symbols for vast areas of forest that are among the richest on Earth .
Protecting them protects many other species as well . ”
A western lowland gorilla
A western lowland gorilla baby with a silverback male .
A baby chimpanzee .
PLEASE NOTE : Photos Below are of explicit nature
Dead Chimp on to be sold in the local market for bushmeat
Gorilla head to be sold in local market
A monkey split in half ; common fare alongside the logging roads of equatorial Africa
To read the full article click here
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
I ’ve been away from WUWT this weekend for recovery from a cold plus family time as we have visitors , so I ’m just now getting back to regular posting .
Recently on the web there has been a lot of activity and discussions around the issue of the dropping of climatic weather stations aka “ the march of the thermometers ” as Joe D’Aleo and I reported in this compendium report on issues with surface temperature records .
Most of the station dropout issue covered in that report is based on the hard work of E. M. Smith , aka “ chiefio “ , who has been aggressively working through the data bias issues that develop when thermometers have been dropped from the Global Historical Climate Network .
My contribution to the study of the dropout issue was essentially zero , as I focused on contributing what I ’ve been studying for the past three years , the USHCN .
USHCN has had a few station dropout issues , mostly due to closure , but nothing compared to the magnitude of what has happened in the GHCN .
That said , the GHCN station dropout Smith has been working on is a significant event , going from an inventory of 7000 stations worldwide to about 1000 now , and with lopsided spatial coverage of the globe .
According to Smith , there ’s also been an affinity for retaining airport stations over other kinds of stations .
His count shows 92 % of GHCN stations in the USA are sited at airports , with about 41 % worldwide .
The dropout issue has been known for quite some time .
Here ’s a video that WUWT contributor John Goetz made in March 2008 that shows the global station dropout issue over time .
You might want to hit the pause button at time 1:06 to see what recent global inventory looks like .
The question that is being debated is how that dropout affects the outcome of absolutes , averages , and trends .
Some say that while the data bias issues show up in absolutes and averaging , it does n’t effect trends at all when anomaly methods are applied .
Over at Lucia ’s Blackboard blog there have been a couple of posts on the issue that raise some questions on methods .
I ’d like to thank both Lucia Liljegren and Zeke Hausfather for exploring the issue in an “ open source ” way .
All the methods and code used have been posted there at Lucia ’s blog which enables a number of people to have a look at and replicate the issue independently .
That ’s good .
E.M Smith at “ chiefio ” has completed a very detailed response to the issues raised there and elsewhere .
You can read his essay here .
His essay is lengthy , I recommend giving yourself more than a few minutes to take it all in .
Joe D’Aleo and I will have more to say on this issue also .
UPDATE – HTML 5 Canvas version now online
During my session at the Flash Gaming Summit , I showed a very simple 3D particle renderer to attempt to demystify the process of converting 3D into 2D .
[ kml_flashembed publishmethod=” dynamic ” fversion = ” 10.0.0 ″ useexpressinstall= ” true ” movie=”/wp-content/uploads/manual/2010/Particles3D.swf ” width = ” 500 ″ height = ” 350 ″ targetclass = ” flashmovie ” ]
[ /kml_flashembed ]
Click and drag .
The actual code that converts from 3D to 2D is easy !
First you have to figure out how much you have to resize things depending on how far away they are .
( ie what their z position is ) .
newscale = f /( f+z ) ;
Where f is a notional field of view .
Changing this will change how wide the ( virtual ) camera is .
A good starting point would be 250 .
Then you multiply the 3D x and y positions by the newscale to get their 2D x and y positions .
x2d = x3d * newscale ; y2d = y3d * newscale ;
So that ’s where we put our particle , in this case represented by a MovieClip that we also need to resize by our new scale :
clip.scaleX = clip.scaleY = newscale ;
And then the final thing we need to do is sort by the z position so that particles in front appear above particles in the background .
particles.sortOn( "z " , Array .
DESCENDING | Array.NUMERIC ) ; for ( var i:int = 0 ; i< particles.length ;i++ ) { particle = particles [ i ] ; particleClip.setChildIndex(particle.clip , i ) ; }
There ’s some other stuff in there too , to create the depth of field blur and also the bitmap trails , but have a look and see what you can do with it .
Download the source code for simple 3D engine .
* I have n’t actually counted the number of lines .
I ’m guessing it ’s about 10 . 🙂
During a telephone press conference Thursday , Evangelical , Catholic and mainline Protestant leaders from across the country said they condemn the controversial Arizona immigration law .
Hundreds of actions nationwide are scheduled this weekend to renew the call from millions for comprehensive immigration reform including an “ Immigrant Sabbath ” and “ Prayer for Immigrants , ” they said .
“ The Arizona law and the outpouring condemnation from the faith community underscores the urgency of enacting humane , comprehensive immigration reform , ” said Jen Smyers with the Church World Service based in Washington D.C .
Bishop Minerva Carcaño with the United Methodist Church , Desert Southwest Conference in Phoenix , Ariz. , said , “ Last Friday was a day of deep sadness for the country , ” after Republican Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed the bill into law .
“ It was an action of political expediency and a lack of political courage , ” said Carcaño .
“ It was short - sided and mean - spirited , ” she said .
“ Contrary to Brewer ’s statements it ’s not what ’s best for Arizona and does absolutely nothing to contribute to passing reform . ”
Rather it ’s “ anti-immigrant , anti-humanitarian and anti-civil rights , ” said Carcaño .
And it encourages hate and racial profiling , she adds .
Carcaño said young people “ fear that they will be stopped for being brown , that their immigrant parents will be deported , that their families will be separated and trampled by a rampant hatred that is out of control in Arizona . ”
“ We cannot allow the further destruction of these youth and their families and we hope that justice will have the last word , ” she said .
Others on the call said immigrant ’s come to this country looking for a better future for their families .
Any approach in dealing with immigration reform needs to begin with the core belief that every single person should be treated with worth and dignity , they note .
The Arizona law is unjust and is a broader symptom of the broken immigration system , they said .
Religious leaders on the call said they could n’t afford to be AWOL on this issue and that they along with others must stand up and speak out for social justice .
Immigration reform is the great civil rights issue of today , they charge .
The Arizona situation has served as a wake up call and the constant anti-immigrant rhetoric must be challenged , said Yvonne Diaz with the Goshen , Indiana - based Mennonite Church USA .
Many immigrants feel disconnected and too many Latinos know what it ’s like to be discriminated against , said Diaz .
“ Some are even afraid to come to church and pray . ”
Father William Hoppe with the St. Leo ’s Catholic Church in Queens , NY , said , “ We support efforts to reunite families .
We support immigrants who seek work and we support due process of the law .
But we deplore ethnic profiling and demand that immigrants be treated with dignity and opportunity . ”
People should not panic and the Arizona law is in the process of being challenged , speakers said .
Congregations will continue to be sanctuaries for immigrants and they need to be instructed about their basic rights , they add .
Although the immigration issue may appear to be a Latino one , speakers on the call say it affects everyone and no one is excluded from it .
Meanwhile those on the call say they are hopeful that Democratic national lawmakers will do the right thing and seek bipartisan support to push for reform .
They are also encouraged that President Obama supports reform and that he has the best interests of immigrant ’s rights at heart .
They are also hopeful that Obama will eventually take leadership on the complicated yet extremely important matter .
In the meantime voter - registration drives are underway and leaders on the call say voters are very cognizant of where certain elected officials stand on the issue .
“ People are smart and recognize when politicians are playing politics , ” said Smyers .
“ They know whose trying to block the reform process . ”
Critics say the Arizona law demonstrates the immediate and severe consequences of failing to fix our broken immigration system .
The legislative future of immigration reform seems uncertain , however thousands nationwide plan to march and hold vigils to call for their elected representatives to pass comprehensive federal reform .
Reform will not only keep families together and protect both our values and interests as a nation , but will also preclude the possibility of more states passing discriminatory immigration laws that create climates of suspicion and fear and do little to fix the underlying problems with our broken system , critics add .
Those on the call said they will continue to pray , protest and stand in solidarity with their immigrant brothers and sisters to push Congress to enact humane immigration reform before the August recess .
Photo : Alfonso Vasquez of Phoenix lights candles during a prayer vigil while protesting against Arizona ’s new anti-illegal immigration law at the Arizona State Capitol , April 24 .
Matt Pavelek / The Arizona Republic / AP
Brass and bronze are both alloys of copper -- that is , they are ``solid solutions , " or mixtures of copper with another metal .
You 're probably used to the idea of liquid solutions , such as salt in water where each atom of salt is surrounded by atoms of water without the two chemically reacting .
Here you have much the same sort of thing but with solids closely intermingled .
The main difference between brasses and bronzes is that brass is mostly made of copper and zinc while bronze is mostly made of copper and tin .
Copper is an unusual metal in that , like silver , gold , and tin , it can appear in ``native " form -- that is , as a fairly pure metal , just lying around .
Unfortunately , for many applications it 's too soft and needs to be combined with other metals to be really useful .
This brings us to bronze and brass .
The discovery of bronze dates to about 3500 BC and the Sumerians .
It is harder than pure iron and resists corrosion , so it was a good candidate for weapons , with countless people meeting their ends by being struck with lumps of this alloy in one form or another !
Brass took a while longer to discover and dates to about 500 BC .
Zinc is practically never found naturally in its pure state , but people had realized that copper smelted with calamine -- a zinc ore -- produced a golden - colored tarnish - resistant metal that was useful for all sorts of things due in part to its low melting point and malleability .
The zinc itself is not seen but is released from the calamine ore by heating and combines immediately with copper .
Modern bronzes and brasses can have significant mixtures of other metals to alter their properties , and it's not necessarily easy to tell what 's what on sight .
Dr. Knowledge is written by physicists Stephen Reucroft and John Swain , both of Northeastern University .
E-mail questions to drknowledge@globe.com or write Dr. Knowledge , c /o The Boston Globe , PO Box 55819 , Boston , MA 02205 -5819 .
Include your initials and hometown .
© Copyright 2006 Globe Newspaper Company .
I 'm a fan of oversized structures open to the public with fantastic views across cities , from the Eiffel Tower to the Rockfeller Centre .
I 'm even a fan of Anish Kapoor 's work .
( Is n't it time the Queen created a new post of artist laureate specially for Kapoor ? )
But the decision to embrace ArcelorMittal , the world 's largest steelmaker , as the sponsor for the £ 19 m
Kapoor - designed Orbit tower – or Boris 's Olympic folly as it is becoming known – is one that really sends me into a spin .
I do n't care that the tower resembles a 115 m helterskelter tangled in Wembley stadium 's arch .
But during London 's bid for the Olympics , sustainability was the buzzword .
The London games would " set an example for how sustainable events and urban planning take place around the world in future . "
Is the Orbit the type of landmark the organisers of the 2012 Olympics – who have some impressive green achievements under their belt – really had in mind when it said London would host the world 's " first sustainable Olympic and Paralympic Games " ?
The commission was agreed by the London mayor , Boris Johnson , and the Olympic minister , Tessa Jowell .
But the choice of ArcelorMittal appears to have been thanks to a chance encounter between Johnson and the steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal " in a Davos cloakroom " .
But for Johnson to make his mark on London 2012 and its legacy with thousands of tonnes of steel , one of the world 's most carbon - intensive materials , appears at odds with the sustainable values of the Olympic Delivery Authority and the London Organising Committee of the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games ( LOCOG ) – and the spirit of the times .
ArcelorMittal 's court challenge to Europe 's cap - and - trade scheme , recently reported by PointCarbon , is its most recent act of resistance against the EU emissions trading scheme ( ETS ) , the main mechanism for driving down CO2 levels in industry .
ArcelorMittal 's action brought before the European general court sought damages for being forced to pay for its greenhouse gas emissions because the company claimed the scheme threatened its business unfairly .
The court dismissed the challenge last month .
Although ArcelorMittal is cagey about its own figures for allocation of carbon credits , climate campaigners have been hard at work poring over data for the EU ETS .
Sandbag which campaigns to restrict the number of credits traded on the ETS , last year published a report with the help of Carbon Market Data claiming that by 2012 the company would have 80 m carbon credits that it does not need , and was given for free .
If sold , the company stands to make £ 1bn in windfall profits , says Sandbag .
A tidy profit for doing , well not much , made by a company led by Mittal , who also happens to be Europe 's richest man .
But this prospect has n't prevented the company – along with the rest of the industry – from whingeing about its obligations under the EU ETS and demanding special treatment from the European commission by warning of " carbon leakage " , that they claim would force factories to relocate to regions which have no cap - and - trade scheme .
In its corporate responsibility report , How will we achieve safe sustainable steel , ArcelorMittal admits its emissions are high .
Every year it produces around 220 m tonnes of carbon w – equivalent to the whole output of the Czech Republic or just under half of the UK 's total emissions in 2009 .
ArcelorMittal aims to reduce emissions from steel manufacture by 8 % in 10 years ' time and is already the world 's largest recycler of scrap steel – to the tune of 25 m tonnes a year – which it claims saves 35 m tonnes of CO2 annually .
ArcelorMittal has already won one of the first gold medals of the games with this PR coup to sponsor the Orbit .
But it has missed an added opportunity to extra shine to its steel business with a commitment to using at least a large proportion of recycled steel in its construction .
But when I asked ArcelorMittal and the mayor 's office to explain what makes the steel giant an appropriate sponsor of the lasting monument to the " world 's first sustainable Olympic games " , both refused to comment directly .
They referred me to a press release by the London mayor 's office in which the only mention of sustainability comes in the notes at the bottom :
ArcelorMittal recognises that it has a significant responsibility to tackle the global climate change challenge ; it takes a leading role in the industry 's efforts to develop breakthrough steelmaking technologies and is actively researching and developing steel - based technologies and solutions that contribute to combat climate change .
Bryony Worthington from Sandbag says : " Boris really should have done his homework .
While on the surface ArcelorMittal like to appear a responsible company they have been very active opponents of climate change regulations in Europe .
They have also been amassing a small fortune in spare CO2 emissions permits as a result of lobbying for generous allocations .
They now have more control over emissions trading in Europe than some countries . "
As a Londoner and a sports fan , I wish he'd bumped into someone else in the cloakroom at Davos .
But who , one of the other sponsors such as British Airways or BP ?
Last year ArcelorMittal had revenues of $ 65.1 bn ( £ 42.4bn ) .
What other company would have £ 16 m spare right now ?
In these straitened times , would London be better off without such a monolith to a steel empire with CO2 emissions equivalent to that of the Czech Republic ?
On behalf of our 19 partners in the Minnesota Intelligent Rural Communities coalition , we are very pleased to share the news our $ 4.7 million grant request has been approved by NTIA .
Senator Klobuchar ( MN ) just made the announcement on Thursday !
Through this BTOP grant , over the next two years the Minnesota Intelligent Rural Communities ( MIRC ) coalition , led by the Blandin Foundation , will bring a network of resources and support to rural Minnesota individuals and communities - especially those unemployed and seeking employment , small businesses , coalitions of government entities and local leaders .
You also can expect to learn a lot about the 11 communities committed , through the initiative , to demonstrate new ideas through this grant and to share with others what they learn .
Vital communities are connected communities .
And together , through our connections , we feel we can accomplish great things .
You can learn more about the MIRC program on the Blandin web site , our recent press release , the recent announcement from Secretary Locke or through the slides we presented at a TISP meeting last fall .
We are planning to continue regular communication through the blog and other channels .
Media wants us to pay for content , and the iPad is engineered for that purpose .
Everything about the gadget flows from that basic idea .
Just follow the money .
New science fiction short film which was created for $ 5000 by Ricardo de Montreuil .
Stunning visual effects and professional quality is getting this film a lot of buzz on the internet to be made into a full feature .
Chris Black possesses a power that could lead to the destruction of the current regime , and they will stop at nothing to destroy him .
The chase is on as Chris runs for his life in this sci - fi thriller set in an alternate and futuristic Los Angeles .
source : vimeo.com
The Raven film
One in five Irish homes is unoccupied
By Paul Henley
BBC News , Republic of Ireland
David McWilliams is the man who coined the phrase " ghost estate " when he wrote about the first signs of a disastrous over - build in the Irish Republic back in 2006 .
Now , it is a concept the whole country is depressingly familiar with .
Most Irish people have one on their doorstep - an ugly reminder , says the economist and broadcaster , of wounded national pride .
" Emotionally , we have all taken a battering , " he says .
" Like every infectious virus , the housing boom got into our pores .
You could feel it .
" You 'd go to the pub and people would be talking about what house they 'd bought .
And now a lot of people , myself included , think ' God , we were conned ' . "
' Emotional thing ' Mr McWilliams paints Irish history as one of " economic failure " .
" So to have risen so quickly and seemingly in the right direction and then to have that pulled away from us , " he says , " it 's more of an emotional thing than a financial thing . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
There are 621 ghost estates across the Irish Republic now , a legacy of those hopeful years .
One in five Irish homes is unoccupied .
If the country immediately used them to house every person on the social housing list , there would still be hundreds of thousands left over .
The obvious question of who people imagined would live in all these new - builds makes Irish people wince now .
But hindsight is a wonderful thing .
Only a few years ago , developers feeding money into local government coffers were getting free rein to build row upon row of five - bedroom detached houses on the green outskirts of towns nobody had even thought of commuting from before .
' Raised eyebrows '
Banks were throwing money at members of the public who saw these houses either as an escape to a better lifestyle or an investment route to riches .
Builders from eastern Europe were working overtime to create homes , the value of which was sometimes three times what it is now .
People thought ... that this golden goose would continue to lay golden eggs for ever
Green Party minister Ciaran Cuffe
As the slump set in , the immigrant workers went back home , the banks ceased lending on the scale that had fuelled the frenzy and the market disappeared .
Property supply had become completely divorced from property demand .
County Leitrim alone would have needed about 590 new houses between 2006 and 2009 to accommodate its population growth .
It got 2,945 .
The resulting mess is currently being addressed by a nationwide audit of empty and unfinished housing .
It has raised eyebrows that precise numbers are not already clear , even to the local councils who gave planning permission for the homes in the first place .
' Everyone was buzzing ' Ciaran Cuffe is the Green Party minister of state in charge of the audit .
" It 's one heck of a challenge " , he says , " because we have the legacy of many years of poor planning , and an economy that was overheated , paid far too much attention to construction and was more interested in the quantity than the quality of homes " .
He says the state 's perceived wealth was part of the problem .
" I think there was a view that demand would continue indefinitely at a time when we had very high levels of immigration .
" People thought the housing was needed not only for the people of Ireland but also for others that had come here , and that this golden goose would continue to lay golden eggs for ever . "
People are looking around and saying - ' what happened ?
Was that us ? '
Economist David McWilliams
Nobody expects the majority of the Republic 's surplus new housing simply to be ploughed down by the bulldozers now .
But Mr Cuffe admits some of the recent headlines in the Irish press on the subject are not completely wide of the mark .
" I certainly think demolition could be part of the solution in cases where we have housing estates that are unoccupied , that are miles away from where people want to live and that were badly built in the first place . "
And indeed , many of the Irish ghost estates are in the unlikeliest , most isolated places .
It is strange , looking down vast rows of immaculate new - builds , taking in their optimistically - planted front gardens and peering through curtain - less windows into unwanted granite - topped fitted kitchens , to comprehend the fact that they might never be occupied .
Mr McWilliams says the whole of the Irish Republic is having to come to terms with what he compares to a collective addiction .
" Everyone took the property drug at the same time " , he says , " everyone was up at the same time , everyone was buzzing .
" Now we are all in the middle of this huge comedown .
And people are looking around and saying - ' what happened ?
Was that us ? '
And then we look at our bank statements and we realise - ' yes , it was ' " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pentru ca de Paste am fost plecati prin vizite nu prea am gatit si mi-a ramas in congelator toata carnea de miel .
Asa ca m-am gandit sa profit si am facut aceasta friptura din coaste cu rozmarin ...o nebunie !
Ingrediente :
Pentru marinada :
coaste de miel
2 lg mustar
usturoi
rozmarin
2 lg ulei de masline
sare , piper
1/2 cana vin
Pentru tava :
1 lg ulei de masline
o bucata de unt
o legatura sau 2 ceapa verde
supa de carne sau apa
Preparare :
Se taie pielitele dintre coaste in partea cu mai putin carne si se scoate de pe oase .
Eu nu am avut rabdare sa o scot asa ca doar le-am despartit .
Se pune carnea la marinat in amestecul respectiv timp de 30 min - 1h , la frigider .
Se pune hartie de copt intr -o tava , se aseaza coastele una intr - alta si se adauga si restul de ingrediente .
Oasele expuse trebuie invelite in folie alimentara , altfel se pot arde .
Se baga la cuptor la foc mediu pana se patrunde ( cca 1h ) , se scoate folia de pe oase si se mai lasa 10 min la foc mai mare pana se rumeneste bine .
Este absolut delicioasa daca iti place mielul !
ModoModo is an Italian company that has developed an innovative solution that allows companies to bring their content to mobiles phones , their solutions works and all devices and all platforms .
Luciana Chiappa gave us a live demonstration at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona .
At a site like this what is missing can be very disconcerting .
Missing in total positive content are big geothermal projects .
It ’s not all bad news .
But for one post lets have a look at the problems .
The current mainstream technology catch all term is Enhanced Geothermal Systems or EGS .
Much of what geothermal is running now is n’t ‘ enhanced ’ so mush as standard technology .
Factually , the locations where non-enhanced projects easily can work are pretty much covered and slowly developing .
The action could would and should be in the areas where EGS technology is going to need be applied .
The past year or so has been a kind of reality check period for the business .
Make no mistake ; geothermal energy still leads any other system for sustainable base load power production without any storage requirements .
Geology is a wonderful thing when it ’s the storage media .
Much of the trepidation is based on the potential of earthquakes occurring in geothermal areas coming from the tremors that occurred during the Geox project in Landau , Germany .
It ’s not the first or last time that rumblings and geothermal projects have happened in the same neighborhood .
Most areas where hot rocks occur relatively near the surface also tend to be areas prone to earthquakes .
The EGS process of fracturing rock layers via hydraulic pressure , necessary to inject and heat the water before pumping it back up , can also trigger seismic shifts in underground rocks .
Admittedly the trepidation is leaning to hysteria .
A fracture effort might loosen up a localized area less than a football field in a system of continental plates .
The pressures applied are minor compared to the pressures between colliding plates .
But the activity offers stresses – a wee bit more stress that might just cut loose some “ compressed spring type energy ” that would in all likelihood come loose at some point in time anyway .
Some geophysicist will come up with the courage to point out that geothermal may well have a protective or preservative effect in certain situations .
The Alps , where the German effort and the ended Swiss effort at Basel are located the Africa plate is sliding under Europe .
The Alps are going up and there ’s going to be some shaking .
At least geothermal efforts are more predictable for now , shaking induced or not .
In December of ’09 the Swiss government permanently shut down the geothermal project near Basel that was suspended in 2006 following a series of minor earthquakes .
Fear rules , justified or not .
The very next day , AltaRock Energy announced to the U.S. Department of Energy it was abandoning its project at The Geysers in Northern California .
The project was an attempt to expand an existing conventional geothermal project using EGS .
The AltaRock Geysers project was supposed to be the flagship of the Obama administration ’s push for clean energy , enjoying the backing in millions of not only federal taxpayer dollars but also included Google.org and other private investors .
There seems to be more to it than the Swiss move the day before .
AltaRock only got to 4,400 feet of the planned 12,000 when they struck a rock called serpentinized peridotite that allowed the hole to collapse .
Drilling through “ hard rock ” is different than what most oil and gas drilling is – working through ‘ soft rock ” .
Try a whack at a bit of granite and then a bit of sandstone – using gloves and goggles – to get the point .
The petroleum folks can tell you , as they drill through both , that drilling through those hard rock layers is something best avoided when most all your equipment is soft rock engineered .
In Australia Geodymanics , the one world success at proving the EGS concept is in a major delay at its Cooper Basin project in South Australia .
The company ’s goal of a 50 - megawatt plant by 2012 was recently set back some two years due to the corrosion and failure of the project ’s well casing pipe .
This demonstrates that the metallurgy needed of well casing pipe set into hard rock and with water the moving fluid is going to be very different from moving petroleum even when the petroleum has very salty water coming along .
Perhaps the longest running effort is in Canada , the Meager Mountain geothermal project north of Vancouver is setting a record for longevity in development .
The area was first recognized as a good geothermal site in the mid-1970s , with both test and deep holes being drilled for the next 30 years .
Today Ram Power continues to pursue the project , but it appears the effort is in stasis .
Even if success and power generation could get underway the power has to be transmitted .
MidAmerican Energy abandoned its Salton Sea project in California mainly due to lack of transmission line resources , therefore no access to markets .
By no means is it all bad news .
Binary systems on the small scale seem to be quietly growing along at a happy pace .
Not so deep and not so hot and usually lacking in the caustic , or corrosive chemistry these projects generate the most progress .
This size of development is n’t making much news .
But one of these days someone will add up all that ’s been installed and get us some statistics worth writing about .
It might be bigger numbers than we might expect .
EGS still has lots to offer .
The technical challenges in deep hot regions with difficult and unusual chemistries where the circulation water brings heat and problems will get solved .
Innovation will get the holes drilled and get past those difficult regions .
The issues have to do with the politics and the fairness of the treatment of the people living and working near to a developing and working project .
Yup , the ground might shake during development , it probably would shake someday anyway and might shake just because the hot rocks will gradually cool .
Geothermal is n’t without some risk , even so small as the risk is and as predictable thus manageable .
The major concern is the political and media arena .
Problems get way over magnified , solution get picked to death , progress slows to an intermittent crawl if moving at all .
EGS offers “ BIG ” a perspective that government and media types feed on .
Small just is n’t of much interest .
That might be a very good thing .
It ’s a sure good thing Big is big .
The expense to solve the technical challenges and cope with government vacillation and media emotionalizing are going to cost big money .
It ’s a good thing that government is in on the funding , after all – its one way to subsidize the major media and thrill the general populace .
Comments
There are lots of people out there who ’ve gotten brilliant Simpsons references as tattoos .
In the pilot episode of The Simpsons , Bart decides to get a tattoo on his arm that says “ Mother ” inside of a heart .
But Marge busts him in the middle of it , leaving it only saying “ Moth ” … and leaving the family in a position where they have to use their Christmas present money on tattoo removal .
That episode aired in December of 1989 , more than 20 years ago .
In two decades , the world ’s going to change ; and , fittingly enough , one way it ’s changed is in its attitude toward tattoos .
While a 10 - year - old getting a tattoo is something society ’s still not on board with , tattoos themselves have become so ubiquitous that they ’re really not looked at as a big deal any more .
And , because of the proliferation of tattoos , people are willing to get less and less important stuff permanently marked on their bodies .
To bring this all full circle — that wholeheartedly includes tattoos of The Simpsons .
I dug through hundreds of photos of Simpsons tattoos to find 11 of the cleverest homages to the show .
These tattoos are good enough that , 60 years from now , when the tattoos are encased in wrinkles , liver spots and hardened varicose veins , perhaps their bearers wo n’t be mortified to explain them to their grandchildren .
Here are 11 extraordinarily clever Simpsons tattoos .
Enjoy …
1 | Die Bart Die
Getting a giant chest tattoo would almost certainly grow to be a regrettable decision … but this Sideshow Bob - inspired one is such a great Simpsons reference that this guy probably gets a laugh every single time he looks down on it .
Sure , the tattoo might offend a stranger on the beach , but if he just gets a chance to explain that it ’s German for “ The Bart The ” the person will realize there ’s no chance he ’s evil .
2 | The Duff six pack
You have to admire this older guy reaching out to the official beer of The Simpsons to bring him the six pack that , coincidentally , beer has eternally denied him .
3 | Milpool
A semi-obscure but tremendous Milhouse reference .
This tattoo was inspired by the episode where Bart breaks his leg so he ca n’t enjoy the family ’s new pool .
Milhouse goes to sign his cast , but is so distracted by swimming that he scribbled out “ Milpool . ”
I ’d say the best part here is that a woman got this tattoo in a fairly intimate spot —
God bless the guy who discovers the tattoo , instantly understands it and proposes on the spot .
Seriously .
If you ’re a single female reading this and you ’re starting to feel the marriage bug , get a semi- obscure Simpsons tattoo and you will have guys fighting for you .
Sure , some will be Kirk van Houtens … but you ’ll also get more than enough Chad Sexingtons to compensate .
4 | No TV and no beer make Homer something something
It ’s a massive tattoo that looks like it was unbelievably painful — but I admire this guy for not half - assing it .
( Also , as regular readers might remember , I ranked The Shinning as the best Treehouse of Horror story ever … and that quote is one of the best quotes in Simpsons history … so I love the decision . )
It ’s a hell of a lot better than getting a tattoo of Krusty ’s Golem .
5 | FISHBULB
I would ’ve guessed that , if someone endeavored to get a Simpsons knuckle tattoo , they ’d go with Sideshow Bob ’s “ luv ” and “ hat ” ( with a bar over the ‘ a ’ ) … but these are pretty damn good too .
Matsumura Fishworks and Tamaribuchi Heavy Manufacturing Concern would be proud .
6 | Marc Jacobs
OK , so Marc Jacobs got himself as a Simpsons character tattooed on his arm .
And I want to hate the guy for it , but I can’t .
If I was turned into a Simpsons character ( and not in Simpsonize Me fashion , but actually drawn by the team ) , I can guarantee I ’d prominently splash that drawing around forever too .
( At this point , you may be racking your brain to try to remember when Marc Jacobs was on The Simpsons … at least , the small percentage of you who are both Simpsons fans and know who Marc Jacobs is .
Well , he was n’t ever on the show — the drawing of him is from a special edition of Harper ’s Bazaar a few years ago where they had a spread of The Simpsons at Fashion Week .
So , not even close to as cool as being a guest on the show , but still better than Simpsonizing yourself . )
7 | You do n’t make friends with salad
I love this one because it ’s such an indirect Simpsons reference .
From the episode where Lisa becomes a vegetarian ( which might be a top 11 episode if not for the surprisingly flat scene with Lisa , Apu and Paul McCartney at the Kwik - E - Mart ’s secret garden ) , Homer ca n’t believe that ham , pork chops and bacon could all come from the same “ wonderful , magical animal . ”
It ’s a great tattoo from an episode that could ’ve inspired many other great tattoos — the food chain , Bovine University , the flying pig , or , for someone going for a monster tattoo , the “ you do n’t make friends with salad ” conga line .
8 | Fighting Hellfish
This is one of only two tattoos on this list inspired by tattoos that characters had on the show .
( I ca n’t believe no one followed Homer ’s lead and got a Starland Vocal Band tattoo , by the way . )
Grandpa ’s World War
Two unit , the Fighting Hellfish , had a great logo — and I found at least a dozen people who decided to get it tattooed themselves .
9 | Hank Scorpio
In one of my earliest lists , I said that Hank Scorpio was one of the best one - off Simpsons characters .
As far as tattoo - able characters , though , he ’s toward the top .
He had a distinct look , a badass persona … and was extremely quotable .
( For at least 10 years , every time someone ’s mentioned a hammock I ask them if they got it in the hammock district .
I ’m lucky people find that endearing and not unbearably abrasive . )
10 | Homer and Krusty on the tricycle
This tattoo looks gorgeous and captures an iconic moment from the golden age of the series .
So I ’m giving it a pass on its continuity error — when Homer and Krusty rode the tricycle , they were both dressed as Krusty .
( That ’s the kind of thing that only super Simpsons nerds will notice , though — so I think this person is in the clear unless they encounter me or , from what I can tell , about 40 percent of my readership . )
11 | And all I ’ve done is enter my name !
Thrillhouse !
—
You may also like …
Hey Sam , Check Out My Simpsons Tattoo ( Plus 5 More Great New Simpsons Tattoos )
11 Extraordinarily Clever South Park Tattoos
11 Glorious ( and Not So Glorious ) Stomach Tattoos
11 Great Simpsons Tribute License Plates
Did I Subtly Name My Kid After a Simpsons Character ?
( Plus 11 Subtle Simpsons Baby Names )
UPDATES iPad May Have Sold 700,000 Units Already
Apple today announced that it sold over 300,000 iPads in the U.S. as of midnight Saturday , April 3 — nowhere near the 700,000 units predicted .
These sales included deliveries of pre-ordered iPads to customers , deliveries to channel partners , and sales at Apple Retail Stores .
Apple also announced that iPad users downloaded over 1 million apps from Apple ’s App Store and over 250,000 ebooks from its iBookstore during the first day .
But the more interesting story is how Apple analyst Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray and others blew the iPad sales estimates .
BusinessInsider was first to have the note that Munster put out explaining how his iPad predictions were twice what Apple actually sold because he overestimated the online pre-orders .
Therefore , he is lowering his 2010 iPad sales estimate to 4.3 million units from 5.6 million :
Where We Went Wrong .
We believe that we misgauged the online pre-orders received for the iPad starting on March 12 .
We originally estimated online - sales to be about 75 % of all iPad sales ; however , it appears that online pre-orders made up about 50 % of the sales , resulting in a significant unit difference .
Deja Vu : Wrong On Launch Day , Right On Theme .
We were overly optimistic on our launch day estimates of 600 - 700 k , similar to the iPhone launch , when we were also too aggressive .
With the original iPhone we estimated sales at launch of 500k and Apple sold 270k , which concerned investors about the long - term viability of the iPhone .
In CY10 , we estimate iPhone sales will be 36.0 m and generate 39 % of Apple ’s revenue .
How the iPad launch compares to iPhone launches .
Earlier today Apple announced the sale of 300 k iPads on Sat. ( 4/3 ) , the first day of sales .
This is a sell - in unit number , including online pre-orders .
The iPad launch ( 300k ) was slightly ahead of launch of the original iPhone ( 270 k on launch weekend ) .
These launches are comparable , as they were both US - only , with similarly priced products .
We note that Apple sold 1.12 m iPhones in the first full quarter and we now estimate Apple will sell 1.3 m iPads in the Jun - 10 quarter ( essentially a full quarter ) , also slightly ahead of the original iPhone launch .
Australian
Thais protest in Sydney , April 12 , 2010 .
Photos by Thai Red Australia Group .
ต่อต้านการใช้ความรุนแรงต่อประชาชนและการละเมิด
สิทธิมนุษยชนของกองทัพไทยและรัฐบาล
The following statement by Thai Red Australia Group for Democracy was released at a protest rally in Sydney on April 12 , 2010 .
“ At least 19 people have died and 825 injured as a result of violent clashes in Bangkok Thailand , as troops tried to retake areas from anti-government protesters on 10th of April 2010 . ”
We , Thai Red Australia Group for Democracy , are deeply concerned over the current situation in Thailand where the military - backed government has declared a state of emergency amidst escalating protests calling for democracy and killed at least 19 people occurring on April 10 , 2010 .
In fulfilling our obligation of human conscience , we feel the crucial need to publicly express our deepest remorse and concern for this tragedy , which has led to the massive deaths of 19 civilians so far , almost all of them meeting their horrific death while under the custody of the Thai armed forces .
We are sense that the responses of the Thai government towards this tragic incident , most notably immediately after the tragedy occurred , have demonstrated a serious deficiency in the government ’s level of accountability , undeniably not proportional to the gravest harm done to its own citizens at the hands of state officials “ Thai military ” .
More importantly , the violence in Bangkok is not a separate incident but part of the chronic problems surrounding the relationship between poor and elite people who supported by military and using all means to scrap democracy in Thailand .
The pro-democracy Red Shirts comprised of the majority of the working class , peasantry and poor , have shown their real popularity and mobilising strength which has definitely shaken the royalists and the military .
With the broadening of the masses ’ support for the Red Shirts , it could be a new and important step in the struggle of the ordinary people in Thailand for the restoration of democracy and social justice .
The government and the army are afraid to face real democratic elections , as they know that they would lose since the majority of the poor support the Red Shirts .
Ahbisit and the ruling elite are refusing to call for elections and are trying to buy time and even preparing for a violent crackdown and killed more than 19 people in this tragedy .
In the views of these worrisome condition , we call for :
The immediate resignation of the military - installed Ahbisit government and the holding of fresh democratic elections .
A halt to all forms of violent crackdown against Red Shirt protesters .
Demonstrate greater accountability by all means possible .
This includes , but is not limited to , a formal statement of remorse and apologies to the people , especially families of the deceased and the injured .
The Thai Red Australia Group for Democracy , together with pro-Democracy
Thais throughout the world , will do all in our power to support the actions of those fighting for Democracy inside Thailand .
ต่อต้านการใช้ความรุนแรงต่อประชาชนและการละเมิดสิทธิมนุษยชนของกองทัพไทยและรัฐบาล
แถลงการณ์ ของ กลุ่มพลังประชาธิปไตยไทยออสเตรเลีย
“ รัฐบาลและกองทัพใช้อาวุธสงครามปราบปรามประชาชนผู้บริสุทธิ์ที่เรียกร้องประชาธิปไตยอย่างโหดเหี้ยม
ในเบื้องต้นมีผู้เสียชีวิตไม่ต่ำกว่า 19 คนและบาดเจ็บประมาณ 825 คน เมื่อวันที่ 10 เมษายน 2553 ”
พวกเราในนามของกลุ่มพลังประชาธิปไตยไทยในออสเตรเลีย
มีความเป็นห่วงใยอย่างยิ่งเกี่ยวกับสถานการณ์ในประเทศไทยในขณะนี้
เนื่องจากรัฐบาลของ นายอภิสิทธิ์ เวชชาชีวะที่อยู่ใต้การบงการของกองทัพและกลุ่มอำมาตย์ได้ประกาศภาวะฉุกเฉินเพื่อควบคุมผู้ชุมนุมที่เรียกร้องให้มีการยุบสภาและให้มีการเลือกตั้งใหม่
สถานการณ์ในขณะนี้ลุกลามรุนแรงทหารได้ปราบปรามประชาชนอย่างโหดเหี้ยมนับสิบชีวิตเพียงเพื่อต้องการสลายการชุมนุมของผู้ที่เรียกร้องประชาธิปไตย
ในฐานะแห่งความเป็นมนุษย์
พวกเราขอแสดงความเสียใจและเป็นห่วงอย่างยิ่งต่อโศกนาฏกรรมความรุนแรงที่เกิดจากการปราบปรามผู้ชุมนุมในครั้งนี้
อันเป็นผลให้มีประชาชนผู้บริสุทธิ์เสียชีวิตถึง
19 ราย และบาดเจ็บอีกเป็นจำนวนมาก
โดยผู้เสียชีวิตเกือบทั้งหมดเสียชีวิตในสภาพที่โหดเหี้ยม
อันเนื่องมาจากปฏิบัติการณ์โดยใช้ความรุนแรงและไร้มนุษยธรรมที่อยู่ภายใต้การกระทำของกองกำลังของรัฐ
คือกองทัพไทย
ภายหลังเกิดเหตุการณ์อันน่าสลดใจดังกล่าว
รัฐบาลไทยไม่ได้แสดงท่าทีที่บ่งบอกถึงความรับผิดชอบอย่างเต็มที่
โดยเฉพาะต่อสถานการณ์ความสูญเสียต่อชีวิตของประชาชนจำนวนมากอันเกิดจากการกระทำของทหาร
ซึ่งสถานการณ์ความรุนแรงที่เกิดขึ้นไม่ได้เกิดขึ้นจากสาเหตุใดสาเหตุหนึ่งเป็นการเฉพาะตามที่รัฐบาลกล่าวอ้าง
หากแต่เกิดจากปัญหาระหว่างชนชั้นซึ่งเรียกว่า
ไพร่ กับ อำมาตย์ ซึ่งเป็นปัญหาที่ฝังรากลึกมานาน จนทำให้เกิดการต่อสู้ทางชนชั้น โดยกลุ่มอำมาตย์ร่วมกับกองทัพได้ร่วมกันทำลายประชาธิปไตย ส่วนคนเสื้อแดงที่รักประชาธิปไตย ซึ่งส่วนใหญ่เป็นคนจน ชาวไร่ชาวนา กลับเคลื่อนไหวเรียกร้องประชาธิปไตบและ การเคลื่อนไหวในครั้งนี้ได้รับการสนับสนุนจากคนส่วนใหญ่ของประเทศ และส่งผลกระทบต่ออำนาจของกลุ่มอำมาตย์เป็นอย่างมาก การเคลื่อนไหวของคนเสื้อแดงในครั้งนี้นับเป็นก้าวสำคัญสำหรับคนยากจนของประเทศไทย ที่ต้องการที่จะสร้างประชาธิปไตยและความเป็นธรรมในสังคม ในขณะที่รัฐบาลปัจจุบัน กองทัพและกลุ่มอำมาตย์กลับไม่ต้องการที่จะให้มีการเลือกตั้งตามกระบวนการ ประชาธิปไตย เพราะเขาทราบดีว่าคนส่วนใหญ่ที่เป็นคนจนในประเทศไทยคือคนเสื้อแดง ทำให้นายอภิสิทธิ์ และพวกอำมาตย์ไม่ยอมยุบสภาและพยายามซื้อเวลาจนนำมาซื้อการใช้อาวุธสงครามปราบปรามประชาชนผู้บริสุทธิ์ในที่สุด
ท่ามกลางสถานการณ์อันน่าเป็นห่วงอย่างยิ่งนี้
พวกเรากลุ่มพลังประชาธิปไตยไทยในออสเตรเลียจึงขอประนามและเรียกร้อง
ต่อรัฐบาลของนายอภิสิทธิ์และผู้บงการทั้งหลาย ดังนี้
1. ให้รัฐบาลของนายอภิสิทธิ์ เวชชาชีวะ ภายใต้การบงการของกองทัพและกลุ่มอำมาตย์
ลาออกหรือยุบสภาทันที
รวมถึงจัดให้มีการเลือกตั้งตามกระบวนการประชาธิปไตย
2. ให้รัฐบาลหยุดใช้ความรุนแรงกับคนเสื้อแดงในทันที
และเคารพสิทธิในการชุมนุมของประชาชน
3. รัฐบาลและผู้เกี่ยวข้องต้องแสดงความรับผิดชอบต่อเหตุการณ์ที่เกิดขึ้นในทุกวิถีทางที่เป็นไปได้
ทั้งนี้รวมถึงการออกแถลงการณ์อย่างเป็นทางการในนามของรัฐบาล
แสดงความเสียใจและขอโทษต่อประชาชน
โดยเฉพาะต่อครอบครัวของผู้เสียชีวิตและบาดเจ็บในเหตุการณ์
และดำเนินมาตรการชดใช้อย่างเป็นธรรม
อย่างจริงใจและเร่งด่วน
กลุ่มพลังประชาธิปไตยไทยในออสเตรเลียพร้อมทั้งคนไทยและคนในประเทศออสเตรเลียที่รักประชาธิปไตย
รวมถึงเครือข่ายของคนไทยที่รักประชาธิปไตยทั่วโลก
จะร่วมกันดำเนินการต่อต้านการรัฐประหาร
และสนับสนุนการต่อสู้ของประชาชนผู้รักประชาธิปไตยในประเทศไทยเพื่อปกป้องระบอบประชาธิปไตยและปกป้องชีวิตของพี่น้องร่วมชาติที่จะถูกกองทัพและกลุ่มอำมาตย์ละเมิดสิทธิมนุษยชนจนถึงที่สุดเช่นเดียวกัน
กลุ่มพลังประชาธิปไตยไทยออสเตรเลีย
12 เมษายน 2553
Here is a selection of Ultra Monster illustrations done by Takayoshi Mizuki between 1965 and 1972 .
Ultraseven vs. Aron
Ultraman vs. Gabula & Rigger
Alien Goron vs. Gumonga
Kaiju Ebanashi
Alien Godola , Alien Borg , Alien Baltan , Alien Zarab , Alien Icarus , Alien Bado
Eleking , Dino - Tank
Capsule Monsters : Windam , Agira , Miclas
Ultraseven
Alien Baltan // Magular
Garamon // Kanegon
Litra & Gomess // Peter & Todora
Ultraseven , Alien Icarus , Alien Pega , Alien Cool
Ultraseven , Bostang , Starbem Gyeron
Kaiju Ebanashi
Ultraman vs. Jirass
Seabozu & Zaragas
Peguila & Kanegon
Jamila & Alien Mephilas
Kaiju Ebanashi
Aboras , Banila , Zambolar
Ultraman vs. Jamila
Ultraman , Alien Baltan , Bemular
[ Link : Takayoshi Mizuki ]
Submit your URL to a quality web directory .
We are listed in the Movies Directory
Former police officer and decorated U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency officer turned anti-drug - war lecturer Barry Cooper 's Never Get Busted documentary series is the episode of Cops you wish you they 'd air .
After a decorated career busting large - scale drug trafficking operations , Cooper uses his vast accumulation of knowledge and experience working on the official side of the law to teach you how to do everything within your power to stay out of jail for drug - related charges of any kind .
Volume 1 deals in a range of traffic stop - related matters :
Understanding the way a narcotics dog detects drugs , debunking common myths about ways to throw them off the scent , and methods one can use to actually deter them from indicating on a controlled substance .
Where to NOT stash your drug stash , and more importantly where TO stash your stash in your vehicle .
The difference between reasonable suspicions , probable cause , and consent to search as they relate to search and seizure of your vehicle .
Cooper takes you on a ride - along to discuss profiling , racial or otherwise , that leads to traffic stops .
Interstate patrol officer practices for profiling and traffic stops .
Cooper actually takes us through a number of his traffic stops with accompanying patrol vehicle dashboard camera footage , explaining what the arrestees did wrong , tricks officers use to get what they want , and reasons they pulled them over in the first place .
Volume 2 covers topics dealing with police organizations raiding your property , and the sale of marijuana :
Outdoor marijuana growing tactics one can implement to avoid aerial detection , prevent crops being seized , and not allow crops to be linked to you .
Indoor grow operation detection tactics that law enforcement uses , and ways in which one can minimize the likelihood of detection .
The physics of infrared ( heat ) detection .
Methods for obtaining marijuana growing equipment without incriminating yourself .
Ways to minimize your risk during a police visit to your home .
Tactics for selling marijuana without getting caught .
How to sniff out undercover officers and informants .
The expressed intent of the teachings is for marijuana - related sale and usage , but the tips and tricks Cooper covers would be of use for anyone engaging in these activities with any controlled substance - so if you decide to do so , this is a pool of knowledge that could absolutely keep you from ending up behind bars !
By Natalia Antelava
BBC News , in Beirut
The march was organised after a Facebook discussion " Sectarianism kills " and " We are for civil marriage , not civil war " read the colourful banners at Sunday 's protest in the centre of Beirut .
Hundreds of young Lebanese gathered to march for secularism in a country that lives under a deeply divisive sectarian system .
Being Lebanese in Lebanon comes second to being a Christian or a Muslim , Shia or Sunni , Orthodox or Catholic .
There are 18 official religious sects and 18 sets of rules , one for each of them .
Because there is no civic code , the law on personal status varies from one community to another .
Registration of deaths , births , marriage and inheritance is all handled by religious authorities .
We set up a Facebook group and the very next day we had 1,000 members
Kinda Hassan , march organiser
The peculiar result of this arrangement is that different Lebanese end up with different rights .
Muslims , for example , cannot adopt children , Maronite Christians cannot get divorced and it is impossible for many people to marry someone from a different sect .
" This horrible system is ruining our beautiful country .
I am here because I want to defend my basic human rights , " said Lama , one of the demonstrators .
Lebanon 's political system , too , is divided along sectarian lines .
All government institutions have to fill posts according to a sectarian quota , and since gaining independence in 1943 the country 's president has always been a Maronite Christian , its prime minister a Sunni Muslim and the speaker of its parliament a Shia Muslim .
' Immense social pressure '
Organisers of the march say that changing the country could be painful
But power - sharing failed to prevent a devastating civil war that began in 1975 and lasted for 15 years .
The Taif Accord , the peace deal which finally ended the fighting in 1990 , called for the abolition of sectarianism .
But since then politicians have done little , if anything , to bring change .
It was a Facebook discussion that gave birth to the first ever public march against the system .
The movement began a few months ago when a group of young friends angrily discussed a decision by a Muslim cleric to ban a rock concert in Beirut .
" We were talking about how fed up we were with this system .
Then someone suggested that we should march for secularism , " says Kinda Hassan , one of the organisers .
" We set up a Facebook group and the very next day we had 1,000 members . "
The number has been growing since .
Ziad and his wife Reine say they joined the movement because the Lebanese system had failed them .
They come from different religious backgrounds and , since civil marriage is not permitted in Lebanon , they could not get married .
" Our families fought each other in the civil war and then I had a big fight about my relationship .
The social and family pressure is immense , " Reine says .
Ziad and Reine eventually flew to Cyprus , where they registered their civil marriage .
But not everyone in Lebanon can afford an overseas trip and many relationships break up because of the social pressure .
" That 's what keeps the society so split , so divided .
And it 's also unfair .
I do n't want to be associated with my sect , I want to be Lebanese , " says Kinda .
But not everybody in Lebanon thinks that the system should change .
Supporters of this unique arrangement say it gives all religious communities a voice .
Without it , Lebanon 's fragile and deeply divided society could simply fall apart .
" I feel this system helps me to preserve my tradition , my heritage , " says Dima , a young political science student at the American University of Beirut .
" I will never marry anyone outside my sect and I do n't think anything will change because there is no way in Lebanon that a Christian from the north , for example , will ever allow his daughter to marry a Shia Muslim from the south , " she adds .
Many times over the years , this extremely complex , delicately balanced and fragile society has proved resistant to change .
Organisers of the Beirut March say they know that creating a country where one 's religion is no - one 's business will be a long and possibly painful process , and that their protest could only be the first step .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mr Balls even raised the prospect of Mr Brown leading the party into the election after this one and going “ on to our fifth term ” , something that could see him in his job for a full decade from 2017 .
Hardly serious talk , but Mr Balls convinced some colleagues that his plan is to keep Mr Brown in his job for another year or two , regardless of the election result .
He would then succeed his old boss in a stage - managed succession .
Even Mr Balls ’s detractors say he must be taken seriously .
“ God knows I loathe the man , but he ’s turning himself into a credible leader , ” says one Labour candidate .
CHICAGO – More than 100 events are scheduled nationwide tomorrow for National Women and Girls HIV / AIDS Awareness Day , including several here to empower people to address the issue .
Luvvie Ajayi is the co-founder of The Red Pump Project , a national HIV / AIDS awareness group that has organized several hundred bloggers to write about HIV / AIDS awareness tomorrow .
The group has asked bloggers to post its “ Rock the Red Pump ” logo with their stories .
The symbol represents the strength and courage of the women fighting HIV / AIDS and of those impacted by the disease .
Ajayi said her group is also hosting a Twitter town - hall online discussion so people can talk openly about how HIV / AIDS affects women and girls .
“ We ’re asking women to wear red shoes tomorrow , pumps or flats , ” she said .
“ It ’s a good conversation starter and women love shoes . ”
Men can join in too by wearing red ties , she said .
“ The disease is affecting too many women and especially women of color , ” said Ajayi .
“ Women are the caretakers of their family and we have to be healthy .
Black women account for over half of women affected by HIV , and this alarming statistic is the driving force behind The Red Pump Project . ”
Ajayi ’s group is hosting a fashion show March 25th called “ Rock the Red : Bold .
Fashion .
Awareness , ” which is part of the national initiative headed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office on Women ’s Health .
To learn more about The Red Pump Project go to : www.theredpumpproject.com.
Activists say HIV / AIDS among women and girls in the U.S. is on the rise and an estimated one in four Americans living with HIV are women .
Every 35 minutes a woman tests positive for HIV in the U.S .
The current struggle for health care reform is a major issue for people living with HIV / AIDS .
“ Health insurance is extremely important , ” said Ajayi .
“ Medication is really expensive and how is someone from a low - income community going to afford 20,000 a month ? ”
Juana Ballesteros , executive director of the Greater Humboldt Park Community of Wellness on the city ’s north side , said the predominantly Puerto Rican neighborhood she works in is one of the highest ranked HIV / AIDS areas in the city .
“ We need very specific intervention programs targeted for women because so many factors play a risk , ” she said .
Ballesteros said a big problem in the Latino community is how women react to the power difference with men when it comes to using a condom .
“ We have to begin the conversation with girls at a very early age so that they know how to protect their bodies especially as they grow older , ” she said .
She wants more federal and state funding for HIV / AIDS education and prevention programs and says that it would be beneficial for those living with the disease “ if Congress passed health care reform because it ’s a basic human right everyone deserves . ”
AIDS , which has a particularly devastating and disproportional effect on women of color , is the leading cause of death among Black women between the ages of 25 and 34 .
Though progress has been made in AIDS prevention and treatment , women still represent 27 percent of all new diagnoses and African American women account for an overwhelming 66 percent of that group .
Most women are infected with HIV through heterosexual contact and injection drug use .
Activists urge people to know their status by getting tested .
People need to practice safer methods of preventing HIV and know the facts , they add .
And People should think twice about engaging in high - risk behaviors and should talk about HIV prevention with family , friends and colleagues .
I shared my micropenis experience with a couple of my girlfriends .
Ruefully , I admitted that I was only 20 at the time , and wish I ’d handled it better .
After sleeping with its owner once , I was so mortified that my pinkie finger was larger than his dick that I avoided him .
Both my girlfriends exclaimed that they had encountered micropenises at a young age as well .
One said she was drunk and teased the poor guy ; the other asked her date if he was inside her yet , and when he said yes , she laughed with surprise .
We all hung our heads with shame and offered up a moment of silence to the three men we likely scarred for life .
“ Speaking of scarred , did you ever see that western movie Unforgiven with Clint Eastwood ?
Remember how that cowboy cut up a prostitute for giggling over the size of his little pecker ?
We ’re lucky that did n’t happen to us , ” I pointed out solemnly .
If there are any young men or women reading this article , please learn from our mistake : DO NOT TEASE A MAN ABOUT HIS PENIS .
His ego is too fragile .
You may forget about it a week later , but he will thrash fretfully in his nursing home bed over it in 60 years .
Drastic proof : see my interview with a man who calls himself Mike Rowedick .
It reads like a Greek tragedy .
Try this approach instead :
When a naughty girlfriend of mine was asked what she thought of teeny weenies , she replied , “ I had a boyfriend who had a three - inch cock .
At first I was surprised , but he was a nice guy , so I started giving him regular blowjobs .
I really enjoyed him , as well as other guys I met later that were n’t ‘ well endowed . ’
They ’re like pacifiers .
I could lie there and suck on them for hours .
” Such a refreshing change from the size queen on Twitter I follow who constantly bellyaches about “ Mr. > 7 ” and how “ it ’s a shame such a big beautiful cock fails to satisfy .
” So besides mean drunk chicks , do you know who else is to blame for every man in this country worrying about his penis size ?
PORN .
Mainstream porn teaches the masses that the average cock is eight inches long , but 10 inches is even better , and that women want nothing more than to be stuffed with phallic objects the size of French baguettes .
That ’s the message a male friend of mine took home , anyway .
When I asked him how big his dick was , he replied , “ Seven - and - a - half long and about a Red Bull can in diameter .
Nothing to crow about , but it has served me well enough .
” OH , PLEASE .
Let me repeat something here : I got with a black man one time who apologized in advance for his seven - inch show - er cock .
I exclaimed , “ Why the hell are you apologizing ? ” I mean , talk about a buzzkill !
He said he worried about being a disappointment in the size department , since all black men are supposed to be hung like horses .
Now that ’s a lot of horseshit !
It ’s insane how the degree to which men obsess over their penis size .
There ’s an entire website called The End of the Penis Size Debate that spans 60 pages , with details like :
How to measure a woman ’s pupil dilation in order to truly gauge her feelings upon sighting a penis .
Check out this seriously misguided advice given to men with small penises :
You do n’t have to worry about not giving her maximum vaginal pleasure , because you wo n’t .
Problem is solved .
You are left to enjoy the party by yourself .
Look at your penis and say how much fun he is going to give you .
Not her , you .
Do n’t listen to other ’s advice that you should concentrate on good technique and other ways to satisfy your girl .
That will only confirm in your head that you are not good enough .
Do n’t ruin your pleasure by trying to pleasure her .
There ’s also a website called The Visualiser that allows men to create a virtual version of their dong so they can masochistically compare it to porn stars and the like .
It ’s kind of funny looking at a penis lineup , as if they snatched an old lady ’s purse or something .
Oh , and one more point I should make about penis size : THERE’S NOTHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT .
No pill , pump , cream , or exercise will enlarge your penis .
But there is something you can do about your mindset :
You need to quit letting the outside environment interfere with what is going on right now in your bedroom .
That ’s advice from my primary partner .
He has an average size dick , but it ’s on an above average man .
Plus , I can take it in every orifice , which equals unlimited joy .
So pants off to all you men out there who are self - conscious about your penis size .
You ’re already obsessed with the thing , you might as well love it .
Take a tip from Timothy DeLaGhetto in his awesome Asian Guys = Small Penis ?
video : “ If a girl expresses interest in my penis , then I know she wants to play with it .
So I ’m like hey , it ’s not big , but you ’re going to like it , it ’s gonna taste good .
And then nine times out of 10 , she ’s going to end up sitting on the penis .
” Open , honest , confident ?
Now that is sexy !
Weddings sucked up $ 42 billion last year .
The average U.S. wedding cost $ 19,581 .
And that figure actually represents a decline : in 2007 , before the recession , Americans spent nearly $ 29,000 on every single one of our 2 million - plus weddings .
Advertisement
Most of the couples who ended up spending more than the cost of a downpayment on a house in order to get initiated into an institution with a near - 50 % failure rate probably intended at one point to have small , simple weddings .
Then they registered for gifts , and probably TheKnot.com , and then every distant cousin had to be invited , and there was a deluge of bridal magazines and the apparent need to book a D.J. eight months in advance .
They almost certainly , at one point or another , attended a weddings expo .
And before they knew it , this couple was deep in the belly of the Wedding - Industrial Complex .
They were toast .
At the New York Weddings Event — not an expo , an event — yesterday , it was easy to see how that steady raising of the stakes could occur .
There 's the inflation of price — why should it cost $ 6,000 to book a band for one night , just because the W - word is in play ? — but there is also the more cunning inflation of need .
I paused at this one booth where a design firm was proffering its services in the creation of customized wedding " Who 's Who " explainers .
To plug names into a pre-set — but very elegant looking , I have to admit — wedding guest " family tree " and print off a chart for display at the reception cost $ 535 .
" But more for something custom , like that one , " said the booth attendant , pointing to a large chart done in oranges and reds , where the tree , cleverly enough , looked like a tree .
Advertisement
I am not engaged or planning a wedding , so I was mostly there to scarf free food and down free drinks .
( Hello , open bar ! )
Sadie is , so our visit had some notional purpose , beyond our own bloggy amusement .
And truth be told , it was kind of great to wander around eating — there were little parmesan cups containing salmon mousse , prosciutto and cheese roll - ups , filet mignon hors d'oeuvres , and cuplets of lemon - rosemary risotto served in half - lemons , and that was just this one booth .
( Like Tracie noted two years ago , the diet / cleanse / wedding workout booths were mostly deserted . )
And , allow me to mention in passing that among the many , many booths serving cakes of varying deliciousness , I did n't spot a single one touting wedding pie .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
We took our picture against this magic - eye background , we wondered at the prevalence of twee hipster filigree among invitation designs , and rubbed absurd amounts of highly scented body creams over ourselves at the Body Shop booth .
( Sadie started putting the excess on her legs .
" Yeah , rub it all over ! " said the tester - touting booth boy .
" I 'm trying to , " she replied . )
Then we tried to think about what it all meant .
Sadie : I am the worst , most inadequate bride in existence .
When anyone asked me if I was getting married , I wanted to mutter , " Sort of . "
Advertisement
Jenna : HA !
Sadie :
The only one I could really identify with was the sullen model in the bridal gown , skulking around .
Advertisement
Jenna :
She was funny .
I wanted to get her a drink but I 'm sure it was n't allowed .
Sadie : " How about a coupon for being really rich , " I muttered when they offered us a " chance " to win yet another juice cleanse .
Advertisement
Jenna :
Yes , I thought your comment about a coupon that would allow a person to actually pay for a wedding was very apt .
I could think of a lot of things I 'd like to do with $ 19,000 , and " Throw a party for all my friends , " is somewhat behind " Save for my retirement " and " Maybe think about a house . "
Hell , it 's well behind " Buy Galliano couture . "
But only because I could throw a perfectly nice wedding with an open bar for a hell of a lot less !
Sadie : I have nothing that they suggested : the chart of guests ' relationships , the custom Welcome To NY !
manuals and gift bags for hotel rooms , the cleanses planned , the tooth - whitening booked , the terrariums for my tables , the macaroon tree , the uniformed Good Humor man , or that weird tomato sandwich made with butter cookies .
Advertisement
Jenna : What kind of a wedding are you planning , anyway ?
Sadie : CHEAP .
Jenna :
What is it about weddings that brings out the crazy ?
Why do we start thinking we need to release rare tropical butterflies at the reception , or to include an organic gardening kit in the party favors ?
Or fly 50 people to Costa Rica for five days of " eco-tourism " followed by a super - special , rainforest - at - sunset ceremony ?
Advertisement
Sadie : Ha .
Well , it 's the happiest day of your life , right ?
So you have to define " happiness " — or what you want people to think your definition is !
Jenna :
It 's the tragedy of wanting everything to be " perfect . "
We sold ourselves a lousy bill of goods .
It 's inherently impossible .
Did you see the booth that rented linens ?
Table linens ?
They had special ones that would complement your lighting design .
I guess having a " lighting design " is a given now .
Advertisement
Sadie : Ooh , that creepy booth !
See , that never figured in my definition of perfection .
Because I was n't aware of it .
Jenna :
Yes , being unaware — remaining unaware — that 's the key , I think .
The scariest thing is , though , I walked out of there thinking , my wedding will be different .
My wedding will be small , and simple .
Did n't you ?
Advertisement
Sadie :
Oh yes !
Jenna : I 'm pretty sure that 's how it starts .
Advertisement
Earlier : Single Slut Crashes New York Weddings Showcase
.: Private Trackers IRC List :.
P
R
#
700 m.bz [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #700 m.bz ]
420 Project.org [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : # 420 project ]
A
AceTorrents [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : # AceTorrents ]
Acid****** [ S : irc.bend.me.uk | C : # Acid-****** [ R ]
All4Nothin ' [ S : irc.staticbox.net | C : # All4Nothin ]
Altermind.net [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #altermind
AnimaToonic [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : # AnimaToonic ]
AnimeByt.es [ S : irc.animebyt.es | C : #animebyt.es ]
Anime - BT.com [ S : irc.rizon.org | C : #animeBT ]
Anime - HQ.org [ S : irc.rizon.net | C : # Animehq
Asian DVD Club [ S : irc.bnfh.org | C : #ADC ]
Awesome - HD [ S : irc.awesome-hd.com
8667 | C : #awesome - hd ] [ I ]
B
BadBits.org [ S : irc.p2p-netwoek.net | C : #badbits
BakaBt [ S : irc.rizon.net | C : # BakaBT ]
BlackCats - Games [ S : irc.blackcats-games.net | C : #blackcats ] [ P ] # Waitingroom ( for non members )
Bibliotik [ S : irc.brokensphere.net | C : #bibliotik ]
BitGamer [ S : irc.underground-gamer.com | C : #bitgamer ]
BitGate.org [ S : irc.bitgate.org | C : #bitgate ]
Btgigs.org [ S : irc.btgigs.info | C : #btgigs.org ]
BiT-HDTV [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : # Bit-hdtv ] [ P ]
BitHQ [ S : irc.bithq.org | C : # bithq ]
BitMe [ S : irc.bitme.org | C : # bitme ]
BitMeTV [ S : irc.bitmetv.org | C : #bitmetv ]
BitSeduce [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #bitseduce ]
BitShock [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #bitshock ]
BitSoup [ S : irc.bitsoup.org | C : #bitsoup ]
BitSpyder [ S : irc.bitspyder.net | C : #bitspyder ]
BitThe .
Net [ S : irc.SubNet.org | C : # The DarkIn ] [ P ]
BiTTorrents.RO [ N/A ]
BTN [ S : irc.omgwtfhax.net | C : #BTN ] [ R ]
BrokenStones [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : # Brokenstones ]
BwTorrents [ N/A ]
C
Cartoon Chaos [ S : irc.dejatoons.net | C : #cartoonchaos ]
CoExist [ S : irc.J3DI.org | C : #coexist ] [ P ]
Cheggit [ S : irc.whatnet.org | C : #cheggit ]
ChronicTracker [ S : irc.p2p-irc.net | C : #chronictracker ]
ChildBytes [ S : irc.eu.freequest.net | C : # ChildBytes.eu ]
Cinemageddon [ S : irc.cinemageddon.org | C : #cinemageddon ]
Cinema - obscura [ S : irc.brokensphere.net | C : # cinemaobscura ]
Cinematik [ S : irc.cinematik.net | C : #cinematik ]
Comic - Releech [ S : irc.comic-relee.ch | C : # comic - releech ]
CzTeam [ S : irc.romaniairc.org | C : #czone ]
D
Danishbits [ S : phoenix.after-all.org | C : #danishbits.org | C : #dbinvites ]
DeepBassNine [ S : irc.station51.net | C : #deepbassnine ]
Demonoid [ S : irc.p2p-irc.net | C : #demonoid ]
DesiTorrents [ N/A ]
DigitalHive [ S : irc.digitalhive.org | C : # DigitalHive ]
DidiDave.com [ S : irc.dididaveirc.info | C : #dididave [ P ] # dididave - help is open to non members
Diwana [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #auswana.trivia ]
Downrev [ S : irc.inter.net.il | C : # downrev ]
DvdrSource [ S:irc.freequest.net | C : # Dvdrsource ]
E
eBookVortex [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #ebooxvortex ]
Elbitz [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #elbitz ]
Elektronik [ N/A ]
Empornium.us [ S : irc.whatnet.org | C : #empornium ]
Ethor [ S : us.undernet.org | C : #ethor ]
EvolutionPT [ S : irc.ptnet.org | C : #evolutionPT ]
ExtremeBits [ S : irc.freequest.net | C : # ExtremeBits ]
Exigo [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #lossless ] [ P ]
Excellent ( XNT ) [ S : irc.zenet.org | C : #xnt ]
F
FatalTracker [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #fatal ]
Fast - Tracker.net [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : # fast - tracker ]
FileList.org [ S : irc.efnet.net | C : # filelist ]
FileList.ro [ S : irc.chatro.ro | C : #filelist.ro ]
FileMP3 [ S : irc.efnet.net | C : # filemp3 ]
FilePorn [ S : irc.efnet.net | C : # fileporn ]
Filmdom [ S : irc.omgwtfhax.net | C : # filmdom ]
Finbytes [ S : irc.efnet.cs.hut.fi | C : # finbytes
FormulaMonkey [ S : 209.172.33.248:7777 | C : # TheJungle ]
FoxKids [ S : irc.dejatoons.net | C : # FoxKids ]
FunFile [ S : irc.funfile.org | C : # funfile.org ]
FTN [ S : irc.darknet-irc.net | C : #ftn-support ]
FTS [ S : irc.freethescene.net | C : #FTS ]
FSC [ S : irc.xevion.net | C : #FSC - Support ]
G
GfxNews.ru [ N/A ]
Gigatorrents [ S : irc.ircline.org:6667-en | C : #torrent
Goem [ S : irc.p2p-irc.net | C : #goem ]
H
HeavenTracker [ S : irc.vaultnet.org | C : #heaventracker ]
HDbits.org [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #hdbits ]
HD - Bits.ro [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #hd - bits.ro ]
HDChina [ N/A ]
HDFrench [ S : irc.hdfrench.com | C : #hdfrench ]
HDME [ S : irc.staticbox.net | C : #hdme ]
HD - Torrents [ S : lucifer.coreduo.me.uk | C : #hd - torrents ]
HDTPorno [ N/A ]
Hey .
Fuxor [ S : Hey .
Fux0r.EU | C : #? ] [ I ]
HQ - Films [ N/A ]
HQPorn [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #HQPorn ]
I
i DesiR [ N/A ]
iFi [ S : irc.chatech.net | C : #f - 412 ] [ R ]
IndieTOrrents [ S : irc.choopa.net | C : #indie.torrents ]
InterFilm [ N/A ]
i Play [ S : irc.iplay.ro | C : #iplay ] [ R , I ]
IrishTorrents [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : # IrishTorrents ]
Itune.ro [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #iTune ] [ P ]
ITN [ S : irc.pila.pl:7000-7006 | C : #iTN-eng ]
K
KaraGara [ S : irc.brokensphere.net | C : # KaraGara ]
KrayTracker [ S : irc.p2p-irc.net | C : #kray ]
L
LearnBits [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #learnbits ]
Libble [ S : irc.rizon.net | C : #libble.com ]
LinkoManija [ S : irc.takas.lt | C : # LinkoManija ]
LzTR [ S : irc.what-network.net | C : #lztr ]
M
MGM [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #mgm ]
MetalBits [ S : irc.freequest.net | C : #metalbits ]
MidnightTorrents [ S : irc.midnight-torrents.com | C : #midnight - torrents ]
MiTTorents [ S : irc.torrents.ro | C : #MiTT ]
MMATracker [ S : irc.easynews.com :6667 | C : #mma -tracker ]
MT [ S : irc.torrents.ro | C : #musictorrents ]
MVids [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : # music -vid ]
MvidBits [ S : irc.scenedirect.org:6667 | C : #mvidbits ]
MySpleen [ S : irc.dejatoons.net | C : # MySpleen ]
MyTorrent [ S : irc.mytorrent.tv | C : #myTorrent ]
N
n Core [ S : irc.ncore.cc | C : #nCore ]
Norbits [ S : irc.Norbits.net | C : # Norbits
NordicT [ S : irc.nordic -t.org | C : # Nordic - T ]
Ntorrents [ S : irc.ntorrents.net | C : # Ntorrents
P
PTP [ S : irc.what-network.net | C : # PassThePopcorn ]
Pedros BTMusic [ S : irc.btmusic.eu | C : #btmusic | C : #public ]
PiN [ S : irc.packme.in | C : # PackMe.IN ]
PirateBits [ S : irc.freequest.net | C : # Piratebits ] [ I ]
PirateDay [ S : irc.atw.hu | C : #pirateday ]
Pisexy [ S : irc.afterx.net | C : # Pisexy ]
PolishTracker [ S : irc.polishtracker.org | C : # pt-support ]
PornBay [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : # Pornbay.org ]
PornBits [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : # PornBits ]
Pretome [ S : irc.pretome.net | C : #pretome ]
PrimoNordica [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : # primo - nordica ]
Psyreactor [ S : irc.respectp2p.org | C : #psyreactor ]
PTN [ S : irc.forthewin.biz | C : #p********.*** ]
PussyTorrents [ S : irc.pussytorrents.org | C : #pussytorrents ]
R
Rautaportti [ S : irc.rautaportti.net | C : #rautaportti ]
RMT [ S : irc.iplay.ro | C : # metal ] [ R ]
RevTT [ S : irc.revolutiontt.net | C : # RevolutionTT ]
RomanianShareReactor ( RsR ) [ S : irc.chatoo.net | C : #rsr ]
RTS v2 [ S : irc.runningthescene.org | C : #runningthescene [ P ] ]
RMVBusters [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #rmvbusters ]
S
SCC [ S : irc.sceneaccess.org | C : #sceneaccess ] [ I ]
SceneSOund [ S : irc.freequest.net | C : #scenesound ]
Scene - Inspired [ S : irc.onetwoone.co.uk | C : #scene - inspired ]
SceneLive [ S : irc.ptnet.org | C : #scenelive ]
ScienceHD [ S : IRC .
ForPirates .
Net | C : # SciHD ] [ R , P ]
SCL [ S : irc.*********.*** | C : # scenelife ] [ I ]
SCR [ S : irc.scenerace.net | C : #scenerace ]
SCT [ S : irc.*************.org | C : # scenetorrent ] [ I ]
SceneX.me [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : # sx.invite ]
SDBits [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #SDBits ]
Secret - Cinema [ S : irc.brokensphere.net | C : # secret - cinema ]
SITR [ S : irc.LostIRC.org | C : #SITR ]
Sport - Scene [ S : irc.sport-scene.net | C : #ssc ]
SportBit [ N/A ]
STMusic [ S : irc.p2pirc.org | C : #stmusic ]
ST [ S : california.us.p2pirc.org | C : #supertorrents ]
SweShare : [ S:irc.zenet.org och | C : # sweshare ]
SwePiracy [ S : irc.freequest.net | C : # swepiracy.nu ]
SweDVDr.org [ S : irc.freequest.net | C : #swedvdr ]
StB [ S : irc.p2ptalk.org | C : #syncthebits ]
T
TehConnection [ S : irc.P2P-Net.eu | C : #tehconnection ]
The Box.bz [ S : irc.
TheBox.bz | C : # The Box.bz ]
TheDVDClub [ S : irc.thedvdclub.org | C : # TheDVDClub ]
The Occult [ S : irc.TheOccult.bz:+6697 | C : # The Occult.bz ]
The Place.bz [ S : irc.theplace.bz | C : # The Place.bz ]
Thorsland [ S : eu.undernet.org | C : #ethor
TopBytes.net [ S : 91.121.79.33:6666 | C : # TopBytes ]
TorrentBytes [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #torrentbytes - support ]
Torrent - Damage [ S : falcon.torrent-damage.net | C : #torrent ]
Torrent Kids [ S : irc.dejatoons.net | C : #cartoonchaos ]
TorrenTech [ S : irc.torrentech.org | C : #torrentech ]
TL [ S : irc.torrentleech.org:7011 | C : #torrentleech ]
TorrentVault [ S : irc.torrentvault.org:9011 | C : # TorrentVault ]
TranceRoute [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #puresound ]
TS - Tracker [ S : tsirc.dyn.pl/ts-tracker | C : #ts - tracker
TT [ S : irc.t*****t******.com | C : #t*****t******
TTi [ S : irc.freequest.net | C : #TTi ]
TVTorrents.com [ S : irc.tvtorrents.com | C : #tvtorrents ]
TV. Torrents.RO [ S : irc.torrents .ro | C : # tvt ]
TVtorrentz.com [ S : irc.eu.freequest.net | C : #tvtorrentz ]
TV - Vault [ S : irc.cinemageddon.org | C : #tv-vault ]
The Vault [ S : irc.TheVault.bz | C : # The Vault.bz ]
U
Underground - Gamer [ S : irc.underground-gamer.com | C : # Chat ]
UKnova [ S : irc.accessirc.net | C : #uknova ]
UK -* [ S : irc.fr3d.org | C : #chat
V
Vibes.fm [ S : irc.audiolegend.com | C : #vibes ]
VortexNetwork [ S : irc.vortexnetwork.org | C : #vortexnetwork ]
VIPMusic [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #vipmusic ]
W
Waffles [ S : irc.p2p-network.net | C : #waffles.fm ] [ I ]
What .CD [ S : irc.what-network.net | C : # what.cd ] [ P ] | C : #help
Wild - Bytes [ S : irc.wild-bytes.org | C : # wild - bytes ]
X
Xtreme Wrestling Torrents [ N/A ]
X264 [ S : irc.xevion.net | C : # X264 ]
= server , = channel , =
You need a password / invite code , =
You need a registered nick ]
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Michelin is closing in on a deal to return to Formula 1 next year , AUTOSPORT has learned , but it may not be as a standard tyre supplier .
Although no final decision has been made , sources have revealed that the French tyre manufacturer is in advanced negotiations with the FIA about the terms of a return for the first time since it quit at the end of 2006 .
It is believed that an announcement confirming Michelin 's comeback could be made as soon as this month .
Current standard tyre supplier Bridgestone is leaving F1 at the end of this season , with the Japanese company 's board deciding that it does not benefit enough to justify its investment in the sport .
Although a replacement standard tyre supplier would require the FIA to go through an official tender process , it is believed there is a chance the governing body will simply open up the entry criteria to allow any qualified manufacturer in - reigniting an F1 tyre war .
Should Michelin give the green light to return , then it could be against other tyre manufacturers such as Hankook and Kumho who have also been linked with a move into F1 .
Michelin's last spell in F1 was from 2001 until 2006 - when it enjoyed world title success with Renault but also endured its fair share of controversy , including being forced to withdraw from the 2005 United States Grand Prix on safety grounds .
Michelin was not interested in becoming the sole tyre supplier when the tender process was opened for 2008 - believing it vital that the company faced competition if it was to invest in F1 .
Earlier this month Michelin 's managing partner Jean - Dominique Senard told the Bloomberg news agency that the French company was open to a move back to F1 if the sport could prove its environmental credentials .
" We might consider returning but there are some very clear conditions , " he said .
Ketogenic diet schedules for weight loss program basically include depriving your body of carbohydrates and sugars .
When you are on a ketogenic diet for weight loss your main aim is to put body into ketosis .
You may ask what ketosis is ?
Ketosis is basically determined as the ketones accumulation in your blood flow wherein your body manufactures ketones for fuel .
When it takes place your ketone concentration in blood becomes higher than your glucose level .
Ketosis considerably decreases insulin level ; which in turn causes your pancreas to start manufacturing glucagon .
After it occurs being on a ketogenic diet , your body will basically start dramatically burning fat .
Ketones are fat metabolism products and an alternative fuel resource for brain , heart , skeletal muscle and other tissues requiring oxygen to be used in times of starvation , carbohydrate restriction or extended exercise periods .
As explained above a ketogenic diet is comprised of basically depriving body of carbohydrates and sugars .
Glucagon is what defines if and how much ketones are manufactured in your bloodflow .
When your insulin production is almost insufficient , glucagon amount is considerably enhance .
It ’s at this point in a ketogenic diet that your bodies fat burning capability is kicked in high gear and fat storage is brought to an abrupt halt .
Being on a ketogenic diet your liver is responsible of applying fatty acids away from fat stores and utilizing fat for energy .
By limiting your carbohydrate application being on a ketogenic diet and in reality removing them on a ketogenic diet and eating enough fat and protein you ’ll put your body into ketosis within a few days .
“ Ketogenic Diet Effectiveness & Safety ”
Ketogenic diet shedules have always been focused on a lot of debate relaing to not only efficiency of a ketogenic diet but more seriously ketogenic diet security .
Ketogenic diet shedules performs absolutely well for weight loss when made carefully .
In fact ketogenic diet shedules are probably more effective at weight loss than any other diet pattern .
So if ketogenic diet shedules are so incredible why so many doctors and other health care professionals make critical comments about a ketogenic diet and attempt to recommend people against trying a ketogenic diet for weight loss ?
Ketogenic diet shedules are quite secure for most people .
After all people who live in the arctic areas keep at a time on a ketogenic diet with no negative health ramifications at all for weeks and sometimes months .
They take only meats and fats because carbohydrates are not accessible to them for most of the year .
Ketogenic diet shedules however are not secure for people who do not go in for even the slightest exercise at all being on a ketogenic diet .
Inactive and sedentary people produce a exceeding ketone fuels amount in their body that just travel around the blood flow with nothing to do .
This is not the same for people who are on a ketogenic type diet who get even a tiny bit of exercise because the ketones are then utilised up for energy , becoming a result of very efficient weight loss .
It ’s like the following :
If you keep this diet and do any type of work - out at all then this diet is not only secure but very effective at weight loss .
If you keep this diet and do not do anything but sit in front of TV – set and sit behind a desk all day then this diet can be terrible for you .
But regardless of which category you fall into please consult your physician before starting a ketogenic diet .
A lot of individuals who desire to attempt to keep this diet or are already on a ketogenic diet are concerned that a ketogenic diet will become a cause of muscle loss .
Actually this diet will not cause any muscle loss and in fact this diet has a much better muscle sparing effect than other diets that contain more carbohydrates due in the most part to the huge supply of fatty acids and ketones .
When on this diet there is no need for your body to break down muscle fiber protein to be used for energy .
During a ketogenic diet your growth hormone is kept high helping to speed up fat loss and prevent muscle loss .
There are only a few minor downsides to this diet if you are healthy before starting a ketogenic diet .
Perhaps the biggest downside to a ketogenic diet is fatigue during the first couple of weeks when your brain is adapting to use ketones for energy .
The second downside to this diet for a healthy person is something that ’s called “ keto breath ” .
Keto - breath , which in short means your breath will smell , while on this diet happens due to you breathing out ketones .
You ’ll also get a sort of metallic taste in your mouth .
Almost everyone on this diet will get the bad breath , metallic taste in the mouth and feel fatigued , but not everyone , and it usually does n’t last past the first couple of weeks .
“ The Bottom Line On The Ketogenic Diet ”
A ketogenic diet is a very efficient weight loss diet as long as you apply it correctly .
The only problem relating to a ketogenic diet is that it is absolutely tight to do .
Most who start a ketogenic diet stop within 3 – 4 days .
Due to carbohydrates removing on a ketogenic diet you will practice some nutrient deficiencies .
For this cause it ’s indeed advised to begin taking a total balance multi vitamin / mineral health supplement for the full duration of a ketogenic diet
After you complete this diet you should still go on with a very good total balance multi vitamin / mineral health care supplement .
One company has a wonderful full - spectrum pattern that satisfies all the requirements and more for excellent over - all health being on ketogenic diet .
They have one of the strictest regulatory environments worldwide for dietary supplements manufacturing , far exceeding U.S. FDA standards .
Their overall balance pattern is comprised of the full spectrum of vitamin supplements , along with minerals , amino acids , potent herbal extracts , and many other speciality nutrients that people who are on a ketogenic type diet are required .
The greatest criticism that doctors , diet and weight loss specialists listen from their patients and customers about ketogenic diet is a lack of energy , or feeling of fatigue and in some cases this diet becomes a cause of nausea .
This is prone to become the greatest problem with a ketogenic diet , but can be overcome with a little guideline .
So do n’t oversell the success of this diet just because this diet is tighter to keep to than other diets .
The fact is that this diet will give you the result .
This overall balance pattern for people who are on a ketogenic diet is so effective that the vast amount of people on this diet report that they actually felt a distinction within a couple of weeks when being on it , in terms of energy and a sense of well being while at the same time seeing the physical results they desire to have .
Because of the great benefits of this product for people on this diet and the fact that it has been created to satisfy your own unique biological demands , you will more than likely become a lifetime customer – it ’s just that efficient !
You might be very astonished at how much better you ’ll feel after only a couple of weeks .
We will make you confidence in this nutritional supplements brand suitable for anyone being on a ketogenic diet and can with certainty vouch for this product as being an excellent choice for your health if you are applying a ketogenic diet .
We ’ve received only very positive feedback from the individuals on this diet who have already used it .
If you need help or have any diet questions at all , please use the form at the bottom of this page to contact our diet experts .
— The storms that pounded North Carolina on Monday appear to have started one of the worst hog farm fires in Sampson County history .
About 1,400 pigs died in the fire at Prestage Farms on Boykin Bridge Road north of Garland around 6:30 a.m. Monday .
Approximately 180 of the pigs that perished were sows and the rest were piglets , according to production manager Mark Daughtry .
“ It ’s emotionally upsetting , ” he said .
“ Any time you lose animals , particularly where there are sows with piglets , our goal is to raise them as healthy as we can , and then something tragic like this happens and it upsets everybody . ”
The company , which has 250 hog houses in Sampson County and 125,000 sows in the state , blames a lightning strike for sparking the fire that destroyed the hog house .
“ It was out of control , and the wind was blowing and it just made it worse , ” Daughtry said .
“ It ’s the worst fire I ’ve seen in 25 years in the livestock industry . ”
Company officials estimate a $ 500,000 loss .
They plan to have a new barn installed in the next two months .
Approximately 10 fire departments responded to the blaze and were able to stop the flames from damaging two adjacent barns .
“ They did an outstanding job responding to the call , ” said Zack McCullen , vice president of swine operations for Prestage Farms .
Law enforcement officials say a package with white powder was sent to Congressman Weiner 's Queens office today .
A preliminary review shows the letter in part complained about the historic health care legislation passed by Congress this week , according to the source .
NYPD and FBI spokesman are only confirming that they are responding to the scene .
Check back here for frequent updates on this breaking story .
The package sent to Weiner 's office may be the latest in a series of threats directed against Democratic Congress members who voted to overhaul the U.S. health care system .
http://www.nbcnewyork.com/...
Also Roll call is reporting concerns about the safety of the Senate parliamentarian
http://www.rollcall.com/...
" Tea party protesters are reportedly planning a protest at the home of Senate Parliamentarian Alan Frumin later this week , prompting Senate Sergeant - at - Arms Terrance Gainer to work with local law enforcement officials to ensure Frumin 's safety .
Gainer said Wednesday night that while neither Frumin nor his family have been threatened , activists have discussed protesting at his house . "
The GOP has to come out and condemned this acts forcefully .
Update : Weiner 's Statement
( CNN ) -- Police say it now appears that a southern California family missing since early February voluntarily left for Mexico .
But the apparent inactivity of bank cards , credit cards and cellphones since they vanished continues to baffle police and trouble family members .
" I 've been in this business for over 35 years but never seen anything like this , " Lt. Dennis Brugos of the San Diego Sheriff 's Department told CNN .
" This whole thing does n't add up , " Michael McStay , the brother of Joseph McStay , said in a phone interview .
" If they left , I do n't need to know why .
The bottom line is , I need to make sure they are OK . "
Information gathered on the home computer of Joseph and Summer McStay indicates the couple was making travel inquires about Mexico on the Internet a week before they were reported missing , Brugos said .
" It had to do with travel in Mexico with children and whether you needed to have passports for children , " Brugos said .
" It looks as if there were some planning . "
The McStays and their children , Gianni , 4 , and Joseph , 3 , have not been seen or heard from since February 4 .
The McStays ' two dogs were found unattended , without food or water , in the San Diego - area home , investigators said .
McStay 's brother , who initially feared the family might have been kidnapped , still believes they are in danger .
" They can't fend for themselves , " he said .
" If something did happen in Mexico , I would not be able to live with myself . "
A sport utility vehicle belonging to the McStays was found abandoned on February 8 two blocks from the San Ysidro border checkpoint into Mexico , authorities said .
Surveillance video taken that evening appears to show the family " casually " walking into Mexico , sheriff 's investigators said .
Brugos believes the four individuals seen on the security footage bear a strong resemblance to the missing family , including the hats the children wore and the woman 's boots and coat .
The sheriff 's office met Tuesday with the department 's liaison detectives in Mexico , he added .
" There is nothing to suggest any criminal involvement in their disappearance , but we would like to find the family , " Brugos said .
Michael McStay , who said he will be handing out fliers at the San Ysirdo checkpoint and canvassing the stores , is desperate for any information .
" Who knows what happens once you leave U.S. soil ? " he said .
" We 've all seen the news about what goes on down there .
Even if they left voluntarily , were they going down for a weekend and never made it back ?
What would compel someone to go ?
I have no idea .
If they left it would have had to be something heavy .
" It just does n't make sense . "
Joseph McStay is 5 feet , 9 inches tall and weighs 175 pounds .
He has brown hair and brown eyes .
Summer McStay , also known as Lisa Aranda - Martelli , is 5 feet , 5 inches tall and 115 pounds , with brown hair and brown eyes .
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of the McStay family is urged to contact Sgt. Dave Martinez of the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department at 858-565-5200 .
Anonymous calls can be made to 888-580-8477 .
A Web site , http://www.mcstayfamily.com/, has been set up in an effort to help locate the family .
“ Fatal error : the system has become unstable or is busy
, " it says . "
Enter to return to Windows or press Control - Alt - Delete to restart your computer .
If you do this you will lose any unsaved information in all open applications
. "
You have just been struck by the Blue Screen of Death .
Anyone who uses
Microsoft
Windows
will be familiar with this .
What can you do ?
More importantly , how can you prevent it happening ?
Lets get down on it …
Hardware conflict
The number one reason why
Windows
crashes is hardware conflict .
Each hardware device communicates to other devices through an interrupt request channel ( IRQ ) .
These are supposed to be unique for each device .
For example , a printer usually connects internally on IRQ 7 .
The keyboard usually uses IRQ 1 and the floppy disk drive IRQ 6 .
Each device will try to hog a single IRQ for itself .
If there are a lot of devices , or if they are not installed properly , two of them may end up sharing the same IRQ number .
When the user tries to use both devices at the same time , a crash can happen .
The way to check if your computer has a hardware conflict is through the following route :
* Start - Settings - Control Panel - System - Device Manager .
Often if a device has a problem a yellow '!' appears next to its description in the Device Manager .
Highlight Computer ( in the Device Manager ) and press Properties to see the IRQ numbers used by your computer .
If the IRQ number appears twice , two devices may be using it .
Sometimes a device might share an IRQ with something described as
' IRQ holder for PCI steering '
.
This can be ignored .
The best way to fix this problem is to remove the problem device and reinstall it .
Sometimes you may have to find more recent drivers on the internet to make the device function properly .
A good resource is
www.driverguide.com
.
If the device is a soundcard , or a modem , it can often be fixed by moving it to a different slot on the motherboard ( be careful about opening your computer , as you may void the warranty ) .
When working inside a computer you should switch it off , unplug the mains lead and touch an unpainted metal surface to discharge any static electricity .
To be fair to
Microsoft
, the problem with IRQ numbers is not of its making .
It is a legacy problem going back to the first PC designs using the IBM 8086 chip .
Initially there were only eight IRQs .
Today there are 16 IRQs in a PC .
It is easy to run out of them .
There are plans to increase the number of IRQs in future designs .
Bad Ram
Ram ( random - access memory ) problems might bring on the blue screen of death with a message saying Fatal Exception Error .
A fatal error indicates a serious hardware problem .
Sometimes it may mean a part is damaged and will need replacing .
But a fatal error caused by Ram might be caused by a mismatch of chips .
For example , mixing 70 - nanosecond ( 70ns ) Ram with 60ns Ram will usually force the computer to run all the Ram at the slower speed .
This will often crash the machine if the Ram is overworked .
One way around this problem is to enter the BIOS settings and increase the wait state of the Ram .
This can make it more stable .
Another way to troubleshoot a suspected Ram problem is to rearrange the Ram chips on the motherboard , or take some of them out .
Then try to repeat the circumstances that caused the crash .
When handling Ram try not to touch the gold connections , as they can be easily damaged .
Parity error messages also refer to Ram .
Modern Ram chips are either parity ( ECC ) or non parity ( non- ECC ) .
It is best not to mix the two types , as this can be a cause of trouble .
EMM386 error messages refer to memory problems but may not be connected to bad Ram .
This may be due to free memory problems often linked to old Dos - based programs .
BIOS settings
Every motherboard is supplied with a range of chipset settings that are decided in the factory .
A common way to access these settings is to press the F2 or delete button during the first few seconds of a boot - up .
Once inside the BIOS , great care should be taken .
It is a good idea to write down on a piece of paper all the settings that appear on the screen .
That way , if you change something and the computer becomes more unstable , you will know what settings to revert to .
A common BIOS error concerns the CAS latency .
This refers to the Ram .
Older EDO ( extended data out ) Ram has a CAS latency of 3 .
Newer SDRam has a CAS latency of 2 .
Setting the wrong figure can cause the Ram to lock up and freeze the computer 's display .
Microsoft
Windows is better at allocating IRQ numbers than any BIOS .
If possible set the IRQ numbers to Auto in the BIOS .
This will allow Windows to allocate the IRQ numbers ( make sure the BIOS setting for Plug and Play OS is switched to ' yes ' to allow Windows to do this . ) .
Hard disk drives
After a few weeks , the information on a hard disk drive starts to become piecemeal or fragmented .
It is a good idea to defragment the hard disk every week or so , to prevent the disk from causing a screen freeze .
Go to
* Start - Programs - Accessories - System Tools - Disk Defragmenter
This will start the procedure .
You will be unable to write data to the hard drive ( to save it ) while the disk is defragmenting , so it is a good idea to schedule the procedure for a period of inactivity using the Task Scheduler .
The Task Scheduler should be one of the small icons on the bottom right of the Windows opening page ( the desktop ) .
Some lockups and screen freezes caused by hard disk problems can be solved by reducing the read - ahead optimisation .
This can be adjusted by going to
* Start - Settings - Control Panel - System Icon-Performance - File System - Hard Disk .
Hard disks will slow down and crash if they are too full .
Do some housekeeping on your hard drive every few months and free some space on it .
Open the Windows folder on the C drive and find the Temporary Internet Files folder .
Deleting the contents ( not the folder ) can free a lot of space .
Empty the Recycle Bin every week to free more space .
Hard disk drives should be scanned every week for errors or bad sectors .
Go to
* Start - Programs - Accessories - System Tools - ScanDisk
Otherwise assign the Task Scheduler to perform this operation at night when the computer is not in use .
Fatal OE exceptions and VXD errors
Fatal OE exception errors and VXD errors are often caused by video card problems .
These can often be resolved easily by reducing the resolution of the video display .
Go to
* Start - Settings - Control Panel - Display - Settings
Here you should slide the screen area bar to the left .
Take a look at the color settings on the left of that window .
For most desktops , high color 16 - bit depth is adequate .
If the screen freezes or you experience system lockups it might be due to the video card .
Make sure it does not have a hardware conflict .
Go to
* Start - Settings - Control Panel - System - Device Manager
Here , select the + beside Display Adapter .
A line of text describing your video card should appear .
Select it ( make it blue ) and press properties .
Then select Resources and select each line in the window .
Look for a message that says No Conflicts .
If you have video card hardware conflict , you will see it here .
Be careful at this point and make a note of everything you do in case you make things worse .
The way to resolve a hardware conflict is to uncheck the Use Automatic Settings box and hit the Change Settings button .
You are searching for a setting that will display a No Conflicts message .
Another useful way to resolve video problems is to go to
* Start - Settings - Control Panel - System - Performance - Graphics
Here you should move the Hardware Acceleration slider to the left .
As ever , the most common cause of problems relating to graphics cards is old or faulty drivers ( a driver is a small piece of software used by a computer to communicate with a device ) .
Look up your video card 's manufacturer on the internet and search for the most recent drivers for it .
Viruses
Often the first sign of a virus infection is instability .
Some viruses erase the boot sector of a hard drive , making it impossible to start .
This is why it is a good idea to create a Windows start - up disk .
Go to
* Start - Settings - Control Panel - Add / Remove Programs
Here , look for the Start Up Disk tab .
Virus protection requires constant vigilance .
A virus scanner requires a list of virus signatures in order to be able to identify viruses .
These signatures are stored in a DAT file .
DAT files should be updated weekly from the website of your antivirus software manufacturer .
An excellent antivirus program is McAfee Virus Scan by Network Associates (
www.nai.com
) .
Another is Norton Antivirus 2000 , made by Symantec (
www.symantec.com
) .
Printers
The action of sending a document to print creates a bigger file , often called a postscript file .
Printers have only a small amount of memory , called a buffer .
This can be easily overloaded .
Printing a document also uses a considerable amount of CPU power .
This will also slow down the
computer 's performance
.
If the printer is trying to print unusual characters , these might not be recognized , and can crash the computer .
Sometimes printers will not recover from a crash because of confusion in the buffer .
A good way to clear the buffer is to unplug the printer for ten seconds .
Booting up from a powerless state , also called a cold boot , will restore the printer 's default settings and you may be able to carry on .
Software
A common cause of computer crash is faulty or badly - installed software .
Often the problem can be cured by uninstalling the software and then reinstalling it .
Use Norton Uninstall or Uninstall Shield to remove an application from your system properly .
This will also remove references to the program in the System Registry and leaves the way clear for a completely fresh copy .
The System Registry can be corrupted by old references to obsolete software that you thought was uninstalled .
Use Registry Cleaner to clean up the System Registry and remove obsolete entries .
Often a Windows problem can be resolved by entering Safe Mode .
This can be done during start - up .
When you see the message "
Starting Windows
" press F4 .
This should take you into Safe Mode .
Safe Mode loads a minimum of drivers .
It allows you to find and fix problems that prevent Windows from loading properly .
Sometimes installing Windows is difficult because of unsuitable BIOS settings .
If you keep getting SUWIN error messages ( Windows setup ) during the Windows installation , then try entering the BIOS and disabling the CPU internal cache .
Try to disable the Level 2 ( L2 ) cache if that does n't work .
Remember to restore all the BIOS settings back to their former settings following installation .
Overheating
Central processing units ( CPUs ) are usually equipped with fans to keep them cool .
If the fan fails or if the CPU gets old it may start to overheat and generate a particular kind of error called a kernel error .
This is a common problem in chips that have been overclocked to operate at higher speeds than they are supposed to .
One remedy is to get a bigger better fan and install it on top of the CPU .
Specialist cooling fans / heatsinks are available from
www.computernerd.com
or
www.coolit.com
CPU problems can often be fixed by disabling the CPU internal cache in the BIOS .
This will make the machine run more slowly , but it should also be more stable .
Power supply problems
With all the new construction going on around the country the steady supply of electricity has become disrupted .
A power surge or spike can crash a computer as easily as a power cut .
If this has become a nuisance for you then consider buying a uninterrupted power supply ( UPS ) .
This will give you a clean power supply when there is electricity , and it will give you a few minutes to perform a controlled shutdown in case of a power cut .
It is a good investment if your data are critical , because a power cut will cause any unsaved data to be lost .
I hope now you will be able to rectify your problems .
keep reading and learning .
posted by
XERO
Oops ... we 're sorry .
The page you are looking for is not found .
Meanwhile , you can go back to our homepage and continue exploring Astor Center .
The headline was as alarmist as it was partisan .
" The government , " declared Spain 's best - selling newspaper , " is trying to kill Spanish football . "
It was November 2009 and the Socialist party prime minister , José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero , announced an end to " the Beckham Law " .
The sports daily Marca , part of the right - leaning El Mundo group , was furious .
Presidents of the country 's biggest clubs threatened to lead a strike .
At the Spanish League they were talking as if the four horsemen of the apocalypse had reared into view .
According to article 93 of law 35 , originally introduced by the previous Partido Popular government in 2004 , foreign executives earning more than € 600,000 ( £ 540,000 ) a year are taxed at 23 % , rather than 43 % .
In theory , the aim was to encourage talent to come to Spain : in practice , following a modification in 2005 , it gave Spanish football clubs , already boosted by the collapse of the pound , a huge advantage .
Of the 60 people who qualify for the lower rate of tax , 43 are footballers .
Beckham was the first beneficiary of the new rate , hence the informal name .
Or rather Real Madrid were , as he had agreed a net salary .
Another Englishman , Jermaine Pennant , reveals the practical implications : Real Zaragoza pay him £ 49,200 a week ; an English club would have to pay £ 80,000 to match his net salary .
Cristiano Ronaldo's current salary would cost a Premier League club € 5 m more than it costs Real Madrid .
Now , suddenly , that privilege is being removed .
The consequences will be dire .
" If the government want a substandard league … " warned the league 's vice - president , Javier Tebas .
Figures quickly emerged claiming that Spanish football generates 85,000 jobs and turns over € 9,000 m a year .
The real cost to La Liga could be losing its hegemonic position , a " superiority " in which it revels .
" Objectively , Spanish football is the best in the world , " announced the league 's president , José Luis Astiazarán .
" Spain won Euro 2008 , Barça the European Cup , and our league 's the best , superior to England . "
The arrival of Cristiano Ronaldo , Kaká , Karim Benzema and Zlatan Ibrahimovic last summer provided all the proof he needed .
The best players in England , Italy and France had departed for Spain .
More than € 455 m had been spent by Spanish clubs on transfers – a 72 % increase , more than any other country .
Ever .
But , insisted Astiazarán , those days could soon end .
Never mind the fact that 43 % still puts Spain 's tax band below the 50 % in the United Kingdom , revoking the Beckham Law will be the demise of the domestic game .
" In a few years our league will be average because it wo n't attract the world 's best , " complained Tebas .
" It is the end of the league of the stars . "
The law will be repealed from the new tax year but , at least , will not be applied retrospectively , so existing contracts are protected .
Tebas may even be right , and not only due to the Beckham Law , because beneath the glistening surface Spanish football is in crisis .
According to José María Gay , Spain 's leading expert on football finance and an adviser to Uefa : " La Liga is dying . "
The Osasuna president , Patxi Izco , admits : " I fear a financial meltdown . "
" Football , " insists another director , " is seriously ill . "
The €455 m transfer spend disguises a troubling reality .
Last year , despite winning the treble , Barcelona made only € 8.8 m and have a debt of € 350 m .
Madrid signed € 258 m worth of players but only after their president , Florentino Pérez , turned to two friends who are both presidents of banks and who loaned Madrid € 151.5 m .
The argument is that their debts are serviceable .
In fact , Pérez insists that high expenditure is necessary to generate money and Madrid have become the first club to take income beyond € 400 m .
But doubts remain ; costs outstrip income , shirt sales are lower than those of Liverpool and Chelsea ; Bernabéu attendances are down 7 % ; and the debt stands at € 683 m .
Publicly , Pérez insists : " Madrid must always remain a club owned by its members . "
Privately , the possibility of becoming a plc has been discussed .
But would that solve anything ?
The evidence suggests not .
In the early 1990s , a new law obliged every club to become a plc , with four exceptions – Real Madrid , Barcelona , Athletic Bilbao and Osasuna , who were given special exemptions for socio-cultural reasons .
Shares were issued and the slate wiped clean .
It was supposed to be a panacea .
The theory was simple : presidents would be more careful risking their own money .
They were not .
Often their fans would not let them .
" We 're operating on a war economy , " reveals one director , " but supporters do n't see it like that .
They just want to win . "
Jorge Pérez , the secretary of the Spanish Football Federation , admits that one director told him : " If I do a good job economically , we 'll go down and they 'll kill me . "
So he spent money he did not have .
Only 8 % of what football clubs spend on average can be covered by liquid assets .
Look back over the clubs who have competed in the Champions League recently and the situation is alarming : Valencia 's debt is more than €600 m .
Like Real Madrid ( who sold the their training ground for € 447 m to the council in 2001 , wiping out their € 278 m debt ) , a property deal was supposed to be their salvation .
However , the market crashed at just the wrong time .
Now Valencia have two stadiums – one they cannot sell and another they cannot afford to finish building .
According to the third largest shareholder at Atlético Madrid , their debt is above € 300 m .
Villarreal have just failed to pay their players for the first time because the ceramics industry from which their owner , Fernando Roig , makes his money has been hit hard by the crisis .
Deportivo La Coruña are more than € 120 m in debt .
Mallorca are desperately seeking a buyer and preparing for administration .
Celta Vigo and Real Sociedad have been relegated and , with no parachute payment to break the fall , went into administration .
Real Sociedad 's president at the time was a certain Astiazarán , now the league 's president .
" We need to avoid trying to compete with Madrid and Barcelona and sinking ourselves , " says Ramón Monchi , sporting director at Sevilla .
His club have been successful but there is concern , too : their success has been built on player sales , which requires continued success and a buoyant market .
The latter has disappeared ; the former depends on European qualification , hence last week 's sacking of their coach , Manolo Jiménez .
In all , Gay calculates Spanish football 's debt to be € 3.5 bn .
The Spanish federation still owe the players ' union € 6.8 m and , according to the former president of the union , Gerardo Movilla , an estimated € 100 m is still owed to footballers in unpaid wages .
The state loses out , too : Atlético owe the tax man € 15 m ; 50 % of their transfer income is embargoed .
Michel Platini says there are five or six top - flight Spanish clubs in danger .
Yet the danger is relative .
The irony is that the lack of control also helps to protect the clubs from going out of business – in the short term at least .
As Spain 's secretary of state for sport , Jaime Lissavetzky , puts it : " We need to be able to hand clubs yellow cards , a warning .
But we have no coercive force .
It 's one thing taking the temperature , it 's another handing out medicine . "
Even administration does not necessarily mean applying the brakes .
While it is a last resort it is often a handy one , open to abuse .
Unlike in England , there is no footballing penalty for going into administration .
The federal nature of the Spanish state , made up of autonomous communities , also offers a crutch upon which to lean .
Madrid , Barcelona and Sevilla have all benefited from favourable property deals involving their local councils ; Atlético plan to move to Madrid 's municipally owned Olympic Stadium , selling the site upon which the Vicente Calderón stands to the council .
Many clubs do not have that option : Sporting , Racing , Almería , Getafe , Deportivo , Málaga , and Valladolid all play in municipal stadiums .
Valencia have been propped up by Bancaja , their principal creditor , to whom they owe € 220 m and who , despite the club 's mounting debt , backed a share issue to the tune of € 95 m .
" Without them we would have gone down to Second Division B , " admits their president , Manolo Llorente .
Bancaja are a savings bank and they do not want to upset customers by sending their club to the wall .
As one director of another savings bank puts it : " Clubs have an emotional power they use as a kind of blackmail . "
When Sporting Gijón went into administration , Gijón council bought their " brand image " .
As one insider puts it : " The council could not let us disappear ; Gijón without Sporting is not Gijón . "
Whether or not clubs go into administration , they can never compete with the big two .
Remove Madrid and Barcelona and there was a 40 % decrease in summer spending .
Only five clubs spent over € 5 m .
During the winter transfer window only three clubs spent anything .
But how can you ignore Madrid and Barcelona ?
They are La Liga .
That is the problem .
According to reliable statistics Madrid have 13.2 m fans while Barcelona have 10.4 m .
Valencia are third with 2.1 m .
Nearly two - thirds of all football fans in Spain support one of the big two .
And supporters of other clubs almost invariably choose Madrid or Barcelona as a " second " team .
The Madrid - Barça dichotomy is self - perpetuating .
The media insist they are giving people what they want , that theirs is a business decision .
The editor of one newspaper admits : " Every Madrid win is 10,000 more in sales . "
El País 's match reports for Sevilla and Villarreal the day after the clásico contained a total of no words .
The director of one television channel insists it would be a " disaster " for the channel if anyone other than Madrid or Barça won the league .
The dominance is felt most on TV – and that is the crux of the issue , the precarious foundation upon which Spanish football is built .
Unlike elsewhere – and even Italy is going collective – Spanish clubs negotiate individual television deals .
" The lack of a centralised deal is the biggest problem we face , " Tebas says .
The reason is clear .
Madrid and Barcelona will earn approximately € 120 m in rights each year until 2013 .
Last season 's third - placed side , Sevilla earn around € 20 m ; Valencia , currently third , make under € 30 m – less than Portsmouth .
Right throughout the league , the imbalance is extraordinary .
Competing is impossible .
The problem is the league are powerless to impose a collective deal , although they continue trying .
Just as their plans – announced last week – to impose salary cuts and wage limits on clubs can only get the go - ahead if the clubs themselves , and Madrid and Barcelona in particular , agree to them .
" It 's not normal to have two clubs earning 15 times more , " says Villarreal 's Roig , " and it 's going to be very hard to get the clubs to agree to change now .
There 's no unity , the league has a very difficult role .
I 'm not worried about Sheikhs [ pumping money into England ] , I 'm worried about our own organisation . "
An insider at Sevilla adds : " The mentality of every club is always purely selfish and we 're not sure that it would be beneficial for us [ to campaign for change ] .
If we push for unity we might lose our position as the third or fourth biggest club : we could get closer to Madrid and Barcelona , but we would also see smaller clubs come closer to us . "
Perhaps the most fearful remark about La Liga 's " big two " problem comes from Sevilla 's sporting director , Monchi .
" Spain , " he says " reminds me of Scotland . "
In 2008 , the then British culture secretary Andy Burham warned of the risk of the Premier League becoming too predictable .
" In the US , the most free - market country in the world , they understand that the equal distribution of money creates genuine competition , " he said .
Spain provides further proof from the other end of the scale .
But few see it and few debate it – after all , much of the media lives off the duopoly too .
One headline in Spain recently declared : " La Liga becomes the best in Europe . "
The " evidence " was two - fold : Madrid and Barcelona 's place at the head of Deloitte & Touche 's rich list ; and the " big two " racking up more points than any other team in Europe .
A closer read suggests the exact opposite .
Madrid and Barcelona were at the top but there was not one other Spanish club among the leading 20 and their points totals – a record at both clubs – suggest that while they are good sides , maybe the teams they are playing against are not .
Valencia , third going into this weekend , were 18 points behind .
No other major league has such a gap .
" We need to recognise that the smaller clubs are necessary for the competition , " says Roig .
" After all , 15 clásicos at the Bernabéu and 15 at the Camp Nou would be a bit boring would n't it ? "
Some of his counterparts believe it is already too late .
Eduardo Bandrés , a former president of Real Zaragoza , says : " This is the dullest league in the world . "
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
03/01/2010
Audio : Tony shows
Andrews the bullet that they dodged
by Jeremy Hooper
You know how the Family Research Council 's Tony Perkins is going around telling everyone that there 's absolutely no reason why Andrews Air Force Base should 've disinvited him from speaking at one of their events ?
Yea , well -- this weekend at Nashville , Tennessee 's Grace Chapel Church , Tony belied any grounds that he might have had :
( click to play audio clip )
* FULL VIDEO : The Quest For Change -- Tony Perkins [ Grace Chapel ]
Gays are n't the enemy -- they are just " being held captive by the enemy " ?
No , Tony , we can't possibly see a reason why the American armed services might have a problem with that kind of teaching [ :: writer rolls eyes so dramatically , one might suggest they 're being held captive by the ocular sarcasm monster : : ] .
Andrews Air Force
Base clearly made the right call .
Because armed forces professionals know that " being held captive by the enemy " is not the kind of phrase that one should toss around lightly .
And hopefully , the American government is wising up to the fact that the religious right 's constant claims of " gay militancy " should really come accompanied with a built - in mirror !
Your thoughts
Funny .
My Mom says the same things that Tony says .
And she WAS Military .
And because of the fact , whether they admit it or not , the Military does institutionalize you so for the Military to be taking a stand on bigotry like they are , can definitely create great change for the future ... One hopes ...
Posted by : Joshy Heinrichs | Mar 1 , 2010 1:23:21 PM
just because he can't control himself does n't mean everyone else cannot .
get over yourself tony - i would pass you bye in a second .
not cute , and stupid .
Posted by : Andrew | Mar 1 , 2010 1:48:34 PM
“ I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides with their own desires . ” - Susan B. Anthony
And so it is with Tony P. et al
Posted by : brucci | Mar 1 , 2010 2:55:36 PM
Thanks and all that , Tony , but I 've had enough of your " interceding " in my life .
Posted by : BobN | Mar 1 , 2010 3:38:16 PM
This guy is SUCH an asshole !
Am I the only one who finds it odd that the " Family Research Council " does n't actually research families ?
Posted by : Robert | Mar 2 , 2010 7:40:03 AM
" Christianity is the most perverted system that ever shone on man . " - Thomas Jefferson " Religious bondage shackles and debilitates the mind and unfits it for every noble enterprise . "
- James Madison
Truly our forefathers words are blatantly validated by what We The People witness from the bible thumping dictators obnoxious public vocalizations and deeds .
Posted by : Sooz | Mar 2 , 2010 12:27:08 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
According to NewYorkology , artist Jan Vormann has been busy repairing some holes in New York City buildings with Legos !
Vormann ’s website now has a DispatchWork — New York section , which documents the latest Lego frenzy .
He writes , “ In cooperation with the Gallery Jarmuschek + Partner and the kind support of Henk Holzheimer ( LEGO Graffity Styles Convention ) , I went to New York City , as part of the VOLTA artshow , to support Mayor Bloomberg in his everyday - struggle to make this city even more amazing . "
We think he succeeded .
Rich Whitney , the Illinois Green Party ’s 2010 candidate for governor who earned over 10 % of the vote in 2006 , has called for legalization of cannabis in his comprehensive plan to solve Illinois ’ budget crisis .
Whitney ’s plan for fixing Illinois ’ structural budget deficit includes a proposal to “ raise additional revenue by ending the socially destructive ‘ war on drugs ’ and specifically by legalizing and taxing the sale of marijuana ” .
Other aspects of Whitney ’s comprehensive economic plan include establishing a state - owned bank , taxing financial speculation , modernizing energy and transportation infrastructure , establishing single - payer health care and tuition - free higher education for state residents , raising the minimum wage to a living wage , and much more .
Whitney ’s decision to broach the topic of marijuana legalization has attracted attention from the Bloomington Pantagraph , Chicago Daily Herald , and WJBD radio , among others .
Mr Maltin said : '' They ( the ship 's authorities ) may have been considering the public relations aspect of it and was it going to sink or not because then they would have rather kept it quiet , there may have been a slight bit of delay . ''
He has monstered Michael Howard , and harangued Hazel Blears .
And his tough - guy interview technique has made political interviews a spectator sport – two possible reasons why Jeremy Paxman may not get the chance to give Gordon Brown and David Cameron the once - over during the general election campaign .
Neither of the two party leaders seems in any rush to sign up for the Paxo treatment , even though invitations to the two men went out months ago .
It was hoped they would appear on Panorama , which intends to run separate interviews with the two men and Nick Clegg in half - hour specials starting next Monday .
Clegg snapped up the invitation to be grilled by the Newsnight presenter , and he could be the first up next week .
But Cameron and Brown have been more coy .
BBC sources said they had been asked to confirm by today whether they were taking part , but both failed to do so .
The Tories , apparently , said they would only do it if Brown agreed .
Brown 's team have said he is still making his mind up .
The Conservatives indicated today they were in no hurry to reply as they are busy preparing for the forthcoming TV debates , which start next Thursday .
However , BBC sources feel the party leaders will never turn the Paxman invitation down formally because of the fuss it would cause .
One insider said : " They are doing GMTV interviews , doing interviews with God knows who .
On this they are running scared and using the TV debates as cover . "
Another added : " It is quite possible that one of the two big leaders will do it when it looks like they are behind in the polls , but right now it does n't look likely . "
The set - piece interviews have been game - changing moments in previous elections , with Paxman getting Tony Blair to say higher income tax voters would not be " clobbered " by a Labour government .
A BBC source said : " This is a tradition that dates back decades and they now risk being chucked away because of the TV debates .
But what you 'll see is that the TV debates will present the need for one - on - one TV interviews because their format will probably see them getting away with not answering the question . "
Alistair Darling might bemoan the loss of the " one to one " .
In an interview in G2 , the chancellor says : " I just sometimes wonder whether the viewers at home would n't get far more out of individuals being sat down and grilled for half an hour , an hour ...
The interviewer 's got to go from him to him to him ... and it can too often become a dingdong . "
Stephen Helmsley - CEO UnitedHealth
We supported these elements and are fully prepared to incorporate the economic effect to these changes into our underwriting processes .
We expect these changes will proceed in an orderly fashion and they are included in our revised 2010 outlook .
Actuarial soundness and integrity is the core of responsible benefit underwriting pricing and regulatory over side .
So we believe price changes required by rising medical cost trends and the cost associated with the revised underwriting rules required under the act will ultimately prevail across the states .
http://seekingalpha.com/...
As per the White House web site , these are the provisions which take effect " this year " .
The mandated MLR is an immediate provision .
People who buy individual policies , are not eligible for tax credits and will see their premiums skyrocket .
I do not see how and where these people will qualify for assistance .
Only small business receive tax credits .
I believe this will be a big problem for Democrats in November .
Skyrocketing insurance premiums can be tamed somewhat , if you buy high deductible junk insurance .
These are catastrophic plans , with huge out - of - pocket costs , and what is called , insurance in name only .
Returning to the UnitedHealth conference call .
A surge in high deductible junk insurance .
Why have these high deductible plans grown so dramatically ?
Because they are the last remaining affordable health insurance product available .
In New York State , I pay $ 600.00 for a policy with a $ 3000 deductible and huge additional out - of - pocket costs .
When will I see healthcare reform or any sort of lower premiums ?
Growth has been driven by in a way of simpler and lower price point product , align the local market needs in preferences including consumer directed high detectable plan in order to we now have more than 3.3 million consumers enrolled .
Consumer value products between consumer responsibility and accountability design have grown 80 % year - over - year to 600,000 people .
Keep in mind if you decide to read the entire transcript , that when the UnitedHealthcare CEO says , " we 're performing better than expectation " , he 's saying in effect , we 're doing a great job of denying healthcare to premium paying enrollees .
There is only one way insurers can " do better " , which is to take in revenue in the form of premium dollars and pay out as little as possible for healthcare .
" Distribution channels " , these are the brokers who sell health insurance , these brokers are entitled to be paid , but their commissions devour a huge chunk of our precious and very limited healthcare dollars .
And if bending the cost curve was the oft spoken intent , then keeping this parasitic industry at the heart of our broken healthcare system , makes no sense at all .
There were a lot of questions about how commissions impact the bottom line and medical loss ratios .
Steve Hemsley I think Gail had answered that , that ’s basically our relationships with the distribution channels that have been and have been for years flexible and variable , the fact that how those operate .
So I think we have a wide range of options available to us as we work with the distribution channels , but also that it is important that it is a factor in the health care landscape and has to be recognized .
John Rex - JPMorgan
But I guess my point was could you writing business right now that goes into ‘ 11 , could you still affect that business that you have already written that goes into ’ 11 at this point or would that have to come later ?
Gail Boudreaux - EVP , President UnitedHealth
In some instances , yes ; I mean , as we said , we do have a variety of relationships across our different distribution channels and we ’re in the process of having those discussion with now and effecting the overall impact .
But again , there is a lot in this space , so I know as I said before , and I do want to reiterate that this product is a complicated product and we do believe that the distribution channels are going to be important now and in the post reform environment .
So it does really based on the different relations we have .
But the analysts are determined to get into the weeds on how much United Health pays its network of brokers and sales people .
Justin Lake - UBS
Of course , and then just a quick follow - up on the commission side ?
Mike Mikan - EVP , CFO UnitedHealth
That would be about the fourth question , if I ( inaudible ) it , go ahead .
Justin Lake - UBS
The commission on individual and small group , I know they vary .
Can you just tell us , what an average commission structure looks like for individual and small group right now ?
Mike Mikan Justin , I ’d say one is that , I thing it various widely .
It does change in terms of the United States market as far from homogenous .
It various market - by - market and I also think it 's pretty comparatively sensitive .
So I prefer not to respond to that .
In light of the UnitedHealth Wall Street conference call , I 'd like to revisit for a moment , the Wellpoint breast cancer rescission disaster .
The U.S. for - profit insurance industry is in a continual crusade to boost its profit margin .
When it sees its medical loss ratio creep up , it needs to take action to bring it down , if it does n't , its stock price will get battered and . . . well you know what happens .
And in the U.S. where healthcare is a commodity , the insurance corporations wage war against the most vulnerable population -- sick people , fighting for their lives .
As Wellpoint saw its MLR creep up , it had to target its sick policy holders , because as we know , the for - profit insurance industry exists to deliver a steady stream of good news to Wall Street analysts
This is from the Wellpoint financial outlook for fiscal 2010 .
The benefit expense ratio ( benefit expenses as a percentage of premium revenue ) is expected to come in at approximately 84.3 % in 2010 as against 82.6 % in 2009 .
The selling , general , and administrative ( SG&A ) expense ratio ( SG&A expenses as a percentage of premiums , administrative services fees and other revenue ) is projected to be about 14.4 % for fiscal 2010 as opposed to 15.9 % in 2009 .
Well Point believes that savings from its cost - cutting initiatives will help offset challenges in 2010 .
In general , health insurers are facing a drop in enrollment in their commercial segment .
Insurers such as Aetna Inc. ( AET ) , Cigna Corp. ( CI ) and Humana Inc. ( HUM ) have resorted to job cuts to tide over difficult times .
So , if you think the lion will lie down with the lamb ?
Think again .
You think the insurers will make nice with the American people ?
Think again .
Did I do whatever I could to see the bill passed , your damn right I did , with constant reminders that this was not the change I voted for in 2008 .
And those of us who believe healthcare is a right not a privilege , and who believe that healthcare is not a commodity to be traded on Wall Street , will not be silent about the huge shortcomings in the new and " reformed " U.S. healthcare system .
Some of believe that there will be a profound voter backlash in November , because Americans are being mandated to buy junk insurance with no option .
We wonder why the most popular element of reform , the public option , was abandoned as roadkill by Democrats in the United States Senate .
Slinkerwink and I are very close to launching a web site which we believe will help Americans fight for their rights against the the for - profit health insurance industry .
Our goal is to assist insured , uninsured and underinsured Americans .
We welcome and thank you for your support in fighting insurer atrocities .
The funds donated to the Progressive Congress Action Fund , a 501 ( C ) 4 not for profit , will be used to advocate on behalf of the progressive agenda , to advance progressive legislation , and may include payments to individuals engaged in fund raising .
Iowa State University Distinguished Professor of Psychology Craig Anderson has made much of his life 's work studying how violent video game play affects youth behavior .
And he says a new study he led , analyzing 130 research reports on more than 130,000 subjects worldwide , proves conclusively that exposure to violent video games makes more aggressive , less caring kids -- regardless of their age , sex or culture .
The study was published in the March 2010 issue of the Psychological Bulletin , an American Psychological Association journal .
It reports that exposure to violent video games is a causal risk factor for increased aggressive thoughts and behavior , and decreased empathy and prosocial behavior in youths .
" We can now say with utmost confidence that regardless of research method -- that is experimental , correlational , or longitudinal -- and regardless of the cultures tested in this study [ East and West ] , you get the same effects , " said Anderson , who is also director of Iowa State 's Center for the Study of Violence .
" And the effects are that exposure to violent video games increases the likelihood of aggressive behavior in both short - term and long - term contexts .
Such exposure also increases aggressive thinking and aggressive affect , and decreases prosocial behavior . "
The study was conducted by a team of eight researchers , including ISU psychology graduate students Edward Swing and Muniba Saleem ; and Brad Bushman , a former Iowa State psychology professor who now is on the faculty at the University of Michigan .
Also on the team were the top video game researchers from Japan -- Akiko Shibuya from Keio University and Nobuko Ihori from Ochanomizu University -- and Hannah Rothstein , a noted scholar on meta-analytic review from the City University of New York .
Meta-analytic procedure used in research
The team used meta-analytic procedures -- the statistical methods used to analyze and combine results from previous , related literature -- to test the effects of violent video game play on the behaviors , thoughts and feelings of the individuals , ranging from elementary school - aged children to college undergraduates .
advertisement
The research also included new longitudinal data which provided further confirmation that playing violent video games is a causal risk factor for long - term harmful outcomes .
" These are not huge effects -- not on the order of joining a gang vs. not joining a gang , " said Anderson .
" But these effects are also not trivial in size .
It is one risk factor for future aggression and other sort of negative outcomes .
And it 's a risk factor that 's easy for an individual parent to deal with -- at least , easier than changing most other known risk factors for aggression and violence , such as poverty or one 's genetic structure . "
The analysis found that violent video game effects are significant in both Eastern and Western cultures , in males and females , and in all age groups .
Although there are good theoretical reasons to expect the long - term harmful effects to be higher in younger , pre-teen youths , there was only weak evidence of such age effects .
Time to refocus the public policy debate
The researchers conclude that the study has important implications for public policy debates , including development and testing of potential intervention strategies designed to reduce the harmful effects of playing violent video games .
" From a public policy standpoint , it 's time to get off the question of , ' Are there real and serious effects ? '
That 's been answered and answered repeatedly , " Anderson said .
" It 's now time to move on to a more constructive question like , ' How do we make it easier for parents -- within the limits of culture , society and law -- to provide a healthier childhood for their kids ? ' "
But Anderson knows it will take time for the creation and implementation of effective new policies .
And until then , there is plenty parents can do to protect their kids at home .
" Just like your child 's diet and the foods you have available for them to eat in the house , you should be able to control the content of the video games they have available to play in your home , " he said .
" And you should be able to explain to them why certain kinds of games are not allowed in the house -- conveying your own values .
You should convey the message that one should always be looking for more constructive solutions to disagreements and conflict . "
Anderson says the new study may be his last meta - analysis on violent video games because of its definitive findings .
Largely because of his extensive work on violent video game effects , Anderson was chosen as one of the three 2010 American Psychological Association Distinguished Scientist Lecturers .
He will give a lecture at October 's New England Psychological Association ( NEPA ) meeting in Colchester , Vt .
Longer - lasting emotions
Forgetting your woes might make you feel worse , not better .
People with impaired memory , it turns out , feel sad even when they have forgotten what made them sad in the first place – a finding that suggests emotions and memory are not as connected as we thought .
Neuroscientist Justin Feinstein at the University of Iowa in Iowa City showed a compilation of clips from heart - rending films , including Forrest Gump , to five people unable to form new memories because of damage to their hippocampus .
Ten minutes later , his team tested the memories of these patients and a group of five people with normal brain function .
Advertisement
The amnesiacs felt a lingering sadness even though they struggled to remember the simplest details of the clips , whereas those with healthy memories felt fine by then ( Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0914054107 ) .
“ I am surprised that the emotion lasted so long in amnesiacs , ” says Feinstein .
The explanation may be that it is the ability to store and reflect on emotional events that will “ relieve some or most of the sad feelings ” , according to Todd Sacktor at Downstate Medical Center in New York City .
Feinstein ’s team also showed the two groups a series of funny clips and found a similar pattern of responses , though the difference between the two groups was less marked .
“ Sadness lasts longer , ” he says .
The results highlight the importance of being respectful to people with Alzheimer ’s disease and other memory disorders , Feinstein says .
Even if such people do not remember being on the receiving end of insensitive behaviour , they may still feel distressed – and for longer than other people .
It is also possible that using drugs or therapy to block painful memories in people with post - traumatic stress disorder may actually hamper their recovery , Feinstein says .
“ By not having that memory , you might actually prolong the emotional pain , ” he says .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0914054107
Philip Pullman is well - accustomed to disapproval from the Christian community : he 's been on the US 's most " challenged " books list for the last two years for his bestselling Northern Lights trilogy , which portrays God as a senile old man and the church as an oppressive tyrant .
So it 's unsurprising that he remains sanguine in the face of letters condemning him to " eternal hell " for his new book , The Good Man Jesus and the Scoundrel Christ .
The book , out at the end of this month , will argue that the version of Jesus 's life in the New Testament was actually transformed by the apostle Paul .
Despite the fact that The Good Man Jesus and the Scoundrel Christ is not yet published , the author told the Sunday Times yesterday that he had received " scores " of letters accusing him of blasphemy and condemning him to " damnation by fire " and " eternal hell " .
" Many refer to the title itself , for which there is clearly a passionate objection from some out there , " Pullman said .
" The letter writers essentially say that I am a wicked man , who deserves to be punished in hell .
Luckily it 's not in their power to do anything like sending me there . "
There will be heightened security at Pullman 's event at the Oxford Literary Festival next Sunday as a result of the letters .
His publisher , Canongate , which is bringing out Pullman 's book as part of its
Myths series , said this morning that it had also received letters of complaint about the book , just as it did in 1998 when it reissued 19 books of the Bible with introductions from the likes of Nick Cave and Will Self .
" Publication of this book was always going to spark debate — books and ideas of note often do , " said sales and marketing director Jenny Todd .
" Once people get the chance to read it they will see that Philip has written a thoughtful and considered piece of fiction about the power of stories and storytelling . "
Pullman was equally calm this morning , saying that he had " been getting letters of disapproval and condemnation for
years " .
" [ It 's ] water off a duck 's back , " the author added .
He suggested that the Sunday Times article " was making bricks without straw . "
Book Review
“ Catching Out . The Secret World of Day Laborers ”
By Dick J. Reavis
Simon & Schuster , 2010
Day labor status is being forced on more and more full - time American workers , whether they want it or not .
In his new book , English professor Dick J. Reavis tells precisely what day labor is like .
He also summarizes what little is known about this growing sector of the working class , and he adds cogent recommendations to head off the trend toward disaster .
Reavis ’ regular job is at the University of North Carolina , but he ’s a Texan through and through .
His book is dedicated to his wife and , then , “ to John Stanford , who set an example of decency . ”
Stanford , a contributor to the People ’s World , is well known in Texas activist circles .
How does Reavis know about day labor ?
To gather the information and insight for this book , the author spent considerable time posing as a down - and - out day laborer .
Most of the book , which reads rather like Steinbeck ’s “ Cannery Row ” or “ Tortilla Flats , ” consists of descriptions of the jobs he was assigned and the people he worked with .
He fully absorbed every nuance of day labor life and shares it with us in his book .
What do the statistics say ?
The bonus is his summary of virtually everything known about contingency workers , scanty as it is .
He points out that the clearest example of what happens comes from Japan , where “ life - long ” employment was the norm until their big economic crisis .
In the 20 years since then , Reavis finds , fully one - third of the Japanese have become contingency workers !
Here in the U.S. , Reavis reports that 20 percent of the workforce is on contingency , but that represents “ a sixfold increase since 1971 when the temp industry came into its own . ”
He points out that contingency work takes a bigger bite out of the full - time workforce with every economic crisis .
Obviously , this one , the worst crisis since the Great Depression , will result in several big bites !
What do the bosses say ?
The bosses ’ spin on contingency work was reflected in an April 19 article by Michael Luo in The New York Times .
Luo says , “ Many embrace part - time work . ”
To the extent that people do n’t “ embrace ” being shoved out of regular employment , Luo rationalizes that it ’s just a trend without a cause .
He writes , “ The notion that the nature of work is changing – becoming more temporary and project - based , with workers increasingly functioning as free agents and no longer being governed by traditional long - term employer - employee relationships – first gained momentum in the 1990s . ”
Why ?
He does n’t say .
What can we do ?
Reavis promoted his book on the Dallas KNON radio program “ Workers Beat ” on April 19 .
He completely smashed the bosses ’ preposterous view by stating flatly that the contingent workforce is growing for one reason and one reason only – because bosses can make more money that way !
The day laborers , and do n’t forget that he knows them intimately , desperately long for full - time employment !
Reavis said that good national health care would go a long way , and that Americans could benefit from a European law , in effect for years , that stops employers from paying contingency workers less than full - time employees .
It works similarly to our Davis - Bacon law for construction workers , and requires that a “ prevailing wage ” be paid for all work .
Reavis warned that everyone should learn more about the contingency workforce and fight for laws that would give day laborers the possibility of organizing .
“ Organizing is the only real solution , ” he said .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/87913776@N00/
/ CC BY 2.0
Why do we like this ?
I can't help but feel like Two Door Cinema Club got jipped .
Last night , they played an excellent opening set for Phoenix at DAR | Constitution Hall in Washington , D.C.
The only problem was that 95 % of the audience was there for Phoenix .
The result meant that the performance felt somewhat like a zoo exhibit : no one was getting groovy .
Instead , folks were trying to find their seats , mingling , paying half - attention and occasionally walking
right up to take their $ 50 photo and walk away .
On the flip side , however , I heard a number of individuals saying , " WHO WERE THOSE GUYS ?
SO AWESOME ! "
Two Door Cinema Club hit the jackpot touring with Phoenix , and the relationship between the two makes perfect sense , both stylistically and characteristically ( not to mention sharing the same label ) .
To the untrained ear , it almost sounds as if they 're playing hit after hit .
That makes sense , though .
In contrast to the act for whom they were opening ( Phoenix ) , Two Door Cinema Club has only one release to date .
It just so happens that practically every song on there is a powerful pop hit [ see review here ] .
General conclusion ?
Bloody good live performance .
I only wish it'd been in a small warehouse , rather than an over - sized orchestral concert hall .
Regardless , I 'm certain they walked away with a few thousand new fans .
Watch our members discuss their 50 % + returns during 2019 and how they protected their
portfolios during the COVID - 19 Crash in March 2020 .
A shortage of tomatoes from weather - battered Florida is forcing restaurants and supermarkets to ration supplies amid soaring prices for America 's most popular fresh vegetable .
Fast - food restaurant chains such as Wendy's have stopped automatically including tomatoes in sandwiches ; now customers have to know to ask .
Even then , consumers might not get what they usually do .
At Lloyd's , a white - tablecloth restaurant across the street from the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , signs went up this week warning that only plum tomatoes are available .
" People love having tomatoes in their salad and in sandwiches but we want people to know ahead of time that the quality just is n't what they are used to , " said Sam Berngard , president of Taste America Restaurant Group LLC , which operates Lloyd 's and two Chicago seafood restaurants .
Subway is continuing to offer tomatoes on its sandwiches but the chain is using different varieties to ensure that it has enough on hand .
Three furry ( and funny ) aliens travel around the universe in a spaceship and receive a broadcast showing human females .
They are fascinated by these shapely creatures and discover that the broadcast came from Southern California on Earth .
Meanwhile , Valley girl Valerie Gail feels her cold fiancé Dr. Ted Gallagher is slipping away and decides to seduce him .
Instead , she catches him cheating on her with a nurse , throws him out , smashes his things and refuses to see him again .
The aliens ' spaceship crash lands in Valerie 's swimming pool - putting a decided damper on her future wedding plans in Las Vegas .
She brings them into her home ; and the aliens prove to be quick learners and absorb American popular culture and language through television .
Written by Mark Harding < mah@imdb.com >
The pilot was told it was too dangerous to land and circled the landing area .
The Chinook came under fire after eventually landing - which continued as casualties were loaded on board - and Flt Lt Fortune was hit by a Taliban bullet as he took off .
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
Nokia bought the Symbian software in 2008
The group behind the world 's most popular smartphone operating system - Symbian - is giving away " billions of dollars " worth of code for free .
The Symbian Foundation 's announced that it would make its code open source in 2008 and has now completed the move .
It means that any organisation or individual can now use and modify the platform 's underlying source code " for any purpose " .
Symbian has shipped in more than 330 m mobile phones , the foundation says .
It believes the move will attract new developers to work on the system and help speed up the pace of improvements .
" This is the largest open source migration effort ever , " Lee Williams of the Symbian Foundation told BBC News .
" It will increase rate of evolution and increase the rate of innovation of the platform . "
Ian Fogg , principal analyst at Forrester research , said the move was about Symbian " transitioning from one business model to another " as well as trying to gain " momentum and mindshare " for software that had been overshadowed by the release of Apple 's iPhone and Google Android operating system .
Evolutionary barrier Finnish mobile phone giant Nokia bought the software in 2008 and helped establish the non-profit Symbian Foundation to oversee its development and transition to open source .
The foundation includes Nokia , AT&T , LG , Motorola , NTT Docomo , Samsung , Sony Ericsson , STMicroelectronics , Texas Instruments and Vodafone .
It 's useful for them to say Symbian is now open - Google has done very well out of that
Ian Fogg
Nokia in full buy - out of Symbian Symbian to develop mobile apps
The group has now released what it calls the Symbian platform as open source code .
This platform unites different elements of the Symbian operating system as well as components - in particular , user interfaces - developed by individual members .
Until now , Symbian 's source code was only open to members of the organisation .
It can be downloaded from the foundation 's website from 1400 GMT .
Mr Williams said that one of the motivations for the move was to speed up the rate at which the 10 - year - old platform evolved .
" When we chatted to companies who develop third party applications , we found people would spend up to nine months just trying to navigate the intellectual property , " he said .
" That was really hindering the rate of progress . "
Opening up the platform would also improve security , he added .
' Mind share ' Symbian development is currently dominated by Nokia , but the foundation hoped to reduce the firm 's input to " no more than 50 % " by the middle of 2011 , said Mr Williams .
" We will see a dramatic shift in terms of who is contributing to the platform . "
However , said Mr Williams , the foundation would monitor phones using the platform to ensure that they met with minimum standards .
Despite being the world 's most popular smart phone operating system , Symbian has been losing the publicity battle , with Google 's Android operating system and Apple 's iPhone dominating recent headlines .
" Symbian desperately needs to regain mindshare at the moment , " said Mr Fogg .
" It 's useful for them to say Symbian is now open - Google has done very well out of that . "
He also said that the software " may not be as open and free as an outsider might think " .
" Almost all of the open source operating systems on mobile phones - Nokia 's Maemo , Google 's Android - typically have proprietary software in them . "
For example , Android incorporates Google 's e-mail system Gmail .
But Mr Williams denied the move to open source was a marketing move .
" The ideas we are executing ideas came 12 - 18 months before Android and before the launch of the original iPhone , " Mr Williams told BBC News .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As is my custom on two or three Christian holidays in the year , I share today a poem that I think has particular resonance for me in the context of an important day to my faith tradition .
I have tried , as usual , to select a poem that I think will speak to people from other traditions , or having no particular connection to faith at all — in fact , this Good Friday , my poem is not particularly Christian at all .
And in talking about it , I ’ll try to say some things that I think might resonate with anyone , in addition to things that may make sense only to other people in my broadly - defined community of faith ( and probably one or more things that make sense only to me ) .
For today ’s poem , I ’ve picked the work of a very well - regarded poet from the Pacific Northwest ( my neck of the woods ) — Tess Gallagher — specifically a short poem she wrote entitled “ Wake ” :
“ Three nights you lay in our house .
Three nights in the chill of the body .
Did I want to prove how surely
I ’d been left behind ?
In the room ’s great dark
I climbed up beside you onto our high bed , bed
we ’d loved in and slept in , married
and unmarried .
There was a halo of cold around you
as if the body ’s messages carry farther
in death , my own warmth taking on the silver - white
of a voice sent unbroken across snow just to hear
itself in its clarity of calling .
We were dead
a little while together then , serene
and afloat on the strange broad canopy
of the abandoned world . ”
Gallagher ’s poem is clearly referencing , on one level , the death of her husband , the famous author of short stories , Raymond Carver .
But I think the emphasis on three - ness , especially the three days dead , are adding an intentional layer of Christ imagery that I ’ll talk about later on , which may explain why something about this poem catches hold of me today in particular .
There ’s a loveliness to this poem on so many levels , despite the deeply sad setting and what I think are obviously very raw emotions for Gallagher even as she looks back at these days from a distance .
One of the things that draws me in is the ambiguity of the language : are the three nights “ in the chill of the body ” a reference to Carver ’s three days lying in state ?
Or is it Gallagher whose days are caught in the “ chill ” of this cold form , incapable of tearing herself away ?
Is her proving she ’s been “ left behind ” a reference to her keeping his body in the house , or is her climbing into bed a strangely inverted way of proving this , creating the most intimate of moments in order to prove to herself that intimacy has been lost ?
Even the poem ’s title is a cipher : a prosaic reference to this as a kind of “ wake ” like that practiced in many communities ( often Catholic families , I think ? ) , a shouted admonition to herself to snap out of the dark reverie she is in , a hopeless plea to her lost love to turn this eternal sleep into something more human and temporary ?
The way we take these little moments certainly affects the way the poem delivers its message — and in some ways alters the message itself entirely .
For the non-religious — and for those people of faith whose beliefs about the world do not encompass the idea of a personal afterlife or resurrection — it seems to me the poem is mainly intended .
It offers a vision of death that is , however remote and in some ways unsettling , more a traveler ’s passage than a snuffing - out , yet without giving in to any impulse to describe where the passage takes us or what that means .
Carver , lying there dead , can still for a time inhabit his house and his marriage - bed , cold but still bodily present .
Gallagher feels her life drawn out of her into something spare and far away — the icy beauty of that field of frost , and her voice going out via his body into some vast , echoing space .
But that drawing out is not terrifying to her : in a way , it comforts her , as she and Carver go those first few steps into death together .
Somehow grieving and dying become one in that placid image of them afloat and at peace , like lilies in a springtime pond , like cosmic bodies gently adrift in the universe .
The world sinks beneath them and yet simultaneously bears them up .
It is abandoned but not empty .
It is a strange place to which Carver no longer need accommodate himself , and to which Gallagher will return changed , once she rises from that cold embrace .
There are only a few non-religious or areligious poems that give me a sense of death ’s inhuman loveliness , and this is one of them ( Swinburne ’s “ Garden of Proserpine ” is another ) .
I hope that , whatever it means to you , it provides you with a sense of comfort about that ultimate frontier to which all of us are borne .
Today , of course , for someone identifying as a Christian ( as I do ) , contemplation of death is particularly important .
What it means to die , and what it might have meant for someone undying to , inexplicably , die .
What it means if death is no longer an end , but instead the opening of a doorway into some other place .
To me , there is more comfort in the poem than Gallagher herself may see or have intended .
She forces herself to recognize the death of a loved one by staying with him far past what a medical professional would deem “ the end ” .
She responds to death with love , and does not even deny the physical connection between her and her absent husband , wrapping her arms around him one last time .
I think of the cold form of a broken man being carried down from the hill of execution .
Based on the accounts we have , we think most of his friends were gone , but that some few still remained .
His mother was there .
Did they hold him close , any of them ?
Did Mary wrap her arms around her dead son and wonder why the angel had lied to her , promised her a triumphant redeemer and yet delivered only a man condemned by his own people to die in ignominy ?
Did John , the disciple he loved , wonder where love could go when the loved one passed into death ’s arms ?
When the enigmatic Joseph of Arimathea lifted the body to place him in a rich man ’s tomb , did he remove his fine robes and rings first , to better feel the chill of a fallen Messiah ’s stopped blood just once before rolling a stone between them ?
I wonder .
Surely they felt , in their own ways , a grief as deep and profound as Gallagher ’s .
That night , after lighting the Sabbath candles , I wonder if any of them lay quietly in bed , arms out and face upwards , envisioning themselves adrift and calm on death ’s waves with the cold form of Jesus nearby .
I hope they did .
For resurrection to mean anything to a church founded on it , we have to confront death , I think .
Certainly , for me , if I do n’t really engage with what it was like that Good Friday evening , that Holy Saturday morning and all that long afternoon , Easter morning feels superficial , excessively cheery .
Whatever it means to rise again , first we must fall into that cold , dark place , in order to feel the rising .
I am glad for poems like Gallagher ’s that remind me how to look with both eyes at death and not rush past it into whatever comfort the ideas of new life and Heaven bring .
Christianity is often tarred with the brush of being too glib about death , too quick to see “ oh , but Heaven will be wonderful ” as an excuse for all Earth ’s sorrows .
I think there can be truth in that , and I want to avoid it for myself , if I can : I am grateful to Gallagher , and all the other writers who have walked right up to the edge of death and peered into it , for helping me see humanity and mortality with clear eyes and a serious heart .
This story is part of a special series that explores energy issues .
For more , visit The Great Energy Challenge .
Cuxhaven , a small city on Germany ’s blustery North Sea coast , has ample supplies of fish and wind .
A new project is exploring how these two abundant resources can work together to solve some of the problems that have bedeviled Germany ’s renewable energy drive .
In short , Germany ’s electric grid operators need a place to store all that wind power .
And in Cuxhaven , they think they ’ve found an answer -- in frozen fish .
One of renewable energy ’s most vexing issues is the sheer variability of wind and solar power .
It ’s a headache for managers of the power system , whose customers need a steady , predictable stream of electricity .
Germany is feeling the pain as a leader in alternative power , with 7 percent of its electricity from wind energy -- one of the highest rates in the world .
“ Sometimes there ’s a high feed - in of wind power , and at other moments , renewables can only take a small part , ” says Wolfram Krause , a researcher at Germany ’s EWE power company and manager of Cuxhaven ’s 20 million euro ( $ 27 million ) eTelligence pilot project , half of which is funded by the German government .
“ We need to damp out fluctuations of wind power , ” he says , “ and this is what cold storage can do . ”
Deep Power Freeze
In a 5.5 - million cubic foot ( 155,742 cubic meter ) warehouse at the mouth of the Elbe River , Cuxhaven ’s Erwin GOOSS warehouse unloads and stores the catch from fishing boats sailing in the North Sea .
Ordinarily , the warehouse needs to be kept at a chilly - 4 F ( - 20 C ) .
But the temperature inside can be pushed as low as - 22 F ( - 30 C ) when local windmills are spinning .
The deep freeze gives the warehouse breathing room at times when the wind -- and the power -- dies down .
Then , if allowed to warm slowly , the facility still will stay cold enough for the frozen fish .
“ It ’s not that we ’re using less power , it ’s just that we ’re using it when it ’s cheaper , ” GOOSS technical director Gunter Krins says .
In the summer , the well - insulated warehouse warms about 2 degrees F ( 1.1 degrees C ) every 24 hours when the cooling is turned off .
In the winter , the building warms at about half that rate .
Depending on the season , that means the shelves stacked with frozen fish can “ store ” energy equivalent to a week ’s worth of refrigeration .
Krins ’ warehouse is n’t alone .
The pilot project , launched in November 2008 , aims to connect all types of power users and electricity providers over the Internet .
Hundreds of smart meters that monitor energy usage multiple times per second and transmit the information to an iPod touch have been distributed to local homes .
Major power consumers like the local wastewater treatment facility and the local pool are getting in on the act -- adjusting how much electricity they use depending on how hard the wind is blowing .
A sophisticated communications network lets people know when power is cheap and when to conserve .
“ We ’ve built a measurement and information control infrastructure that can suck up all this data and give it to all the actors , ” Krause says .
Curbing Wind Waste
The hope is that projects like eTelligence will help Germany curb a costly kind of energy waste .
By law , German renewable energy producers are guaranteed a certain price for wind and solar power .
That has helped Germany create a thriving renewable energy industry , but meshing it into a system accustomed to steady power -- like that from coal power plants -- has been a challenge .
“ Right now , we ’re switching off wind farms if we have too much power in our grid , ” says Oliver Weinmann , innovation manager for power company Vattenfall .
That essentially means that consumers , through their utility bills , are paying wind farms not to produce energy .
“ It ’s not a very good situation , ” Weinmann says .
“ We have to find a solution to integrate all this wind power in our grid . ”
Local efforts like eTelligence are catching on .
Initially , Krause says , Cuxhaven ’s fish warehouse owners were skeptical .
But when it became clear that there was money involved -- cooling primarily during hours of peak wind production will be cheaper than just drawing electricity at all hours -- the proposal became a lot more appealing .
Artist 's concept of Mars Exploration Rover .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / Cornell University
( PhysOrg.com ) -- NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit skipped a planned communication session on March 30 and , as anticipated from recent power - supply projections , has probably entered a low - power hibernation mode .
In this mode , the rover 's clock keeps running , but communications and other activities are suspended in order to put all available energy into heating and battery recharging .
When the battery charge is adequate , the rover attempts to wake up and communicate on a schedule it knows .
" We may not hear from Spirit again for weeks or months , but we will be listening at every opportunity , and our expectation is that Spirit will resume communications when the batteries are sufficiently charged , " said John Callas of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , who is project manager for Spirit and its twin rover , Opportunity .
Spirit 's power supply is low because daily sunshine for dusty solar panels is declining with the approach of the winter solstice , in mid-May , in Mars ' southern hemisphere .
In the three previous Martian winters that Spirit has survived since landing in January 2004 , the rover was tilted northward to put its solar panels at a favorable angle toward the sun .
That preparation was not possible this winter because of impaired mobility .
Spirit 's wheels are dug into soft sand , and the rover lost the use of a second wheel four months ago .
It had previously lost use of one of its six wheels four years ago .
Spirit 's original mission was planned to last for three months .
The rover has worked extended missions since April 2004 .
Opportunity is currently on a long - term trek toward a large crater named Endeavour .
Spirit had been communicating on a once - per - week schedule in recent weeks .
During the designated time for the rover to communicate with NASA 's Mars Odyssey orbiter passing overhead on March 30 , Odyssey heard nothing from the rover .
" We are checking other less - likely possibilities for the missed communication , but this probably means that Spirit tripped a low - power fault sometime between the last downlink on March 22 and yesterday , " Callas said .
" The recent downlinks had indicated that the battery state of charge was decreasing , getting close to the level that would put Spirit into this hibernation . "
In coming weeks , Spirit 's core electronics will become colder than any temperature they have ever experienced on Mars .
Thermal projections indicate the temperature probably will not drop lower than the electronics were designed and tested to tolerate , but the age of the rover adds to the uncertainty of survival .
" The temperature limit was for a new rover .
We now have an older rover with thousands of thermal cycles on Mars , so the colder temperatures will be a further stress , " Callas said .
Explore further Controllers Cheer as Data Arrive from NASA 's Spirit Rover
Provided by NASA
Scientists at Spain ’s University of Granada have created artificial skin with the resistance , firmness and elasticity of real skin .
It is the first time artificial skin has been created from fibrin - agarose biomaterial .
Fibrin is a protein involved in the clotting of the blood , while agarose is a sugar obtained from seaweed , commonly used to create gels in laboratories .
The new material could be used in the treatment of skin problems , and could also replace test animals in dermatological labs .
The researchers started by obtaining plasma samples from human donors , and separating out the fibrin .
They then added calcium chloride , to precipitate coagulation , tranexamic acid , to keep the coagulate from breaking down , and 0.1 % agarose .
The resultant material was grafted onto the backs of hairless mice , where its bio-compatibility with living organisms could be observed .
One of the test mice 10 days after receiving the graft , and 40 days after
The mice showed no signs of rejection or infection , and healing of the grafted area began within six days - within 20 days , the wounds were fully healed .
Previously , artificial skin has been made from biomaterials such as collagen , polyglycolic acid , and chitosan .
The fibrin - agarose skin , however , looks particularly promising .
Prof. Jiménez Rodríguez , one of the researchers , stated " Definitively , we have created a more stable skin with similar functionality to normal human skin . "
In a statement , Steve Owens , assistant administrator of the EPA 's Office of Prevention , Pesticides and Toxic Substances , stressed that while the EPA shares the FDA 's concern about potential health impacts from BPA , food packaging falls under the purview of the FDA .
The EPA will instead focus on the potential environmental impacts of BPA , over which it has authority , saying that releases of BPA to the environment exceed 1 million lb / yr .
In December , the EPA announced for the first time that it would use its authority under the Toxic Substances Control Act ( TSCA ) to list chemicals that may present an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment .
In a statement released on the same day as the EPA announcement , Cal Dooley , president and CEO of the American Chemistry Council ( ACC ) , stressed that he believes the EPA is not proposing any regulatory action regarding human health .
Dooley also said that the ACC would cooperate with the EPA on its action plan , and also work to modernize the agency 's Toxic Substances Control Act ( TSCA ) .
In response to questions from PlasticsToday , the ACC said that similar to the EPA Action Plan , the FDA 's interim update in January described actions the agency is taking regarding BPA and human health concerns .
A key aspect of that ongoing activity is to conduct research that will help answer key scientific questions and address uncertainties , with much of this research will occur over the next 18 - 24 months .
" For the same reasons , [ the ACC ] also has an ongoing program to sponsor research and testing on BPA , " an ACC spokesperson said .
" Although the FDA did not announce a timeline , further updates and decisions will presumably be based on the research they and others are conducting . "
For the last 10 years , the EPA has focused on protecting citizens from existing chemicals by making basic screening - level toxicity information on them publicly available .
In 2008 it expanded those efforts through its Chemical Assessment and Management Program ( ChAMP ) .
More recently , EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson has launched what she calls a comprehensive effort to bolster the agency 's chemical management program and assure the safety of chemicals .
On March 10 , the Senate Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund , Toxics , and Environmental Health held a hearing on modernizing TSCA , with testimony provided by DuPont , among others .
In the next few weeks , Senator Frank Lautenberg ( D - NJ ) and Representative Bobby Rush ( D - IL ) are expected to introduce a TSCA reform bill .
Of the 62,000 chemicals on the market at the time the original law passed in 1976 , environmental groups say the EPA has only required testing on about 200 , while regulating just five .
The new EPA action plan will also require information on concentrations of BPA in surface , ground , and drinking water .
It will mandate that manufacturers provide test data to assist the agency in evaluating its possible impacts , including long - term effects on growth , reproduction , and development in aquatic organisms and wildlife .
Additionally , using the EPA 's Design for the Environment ( DfE ) program , it will look for ways to reduce unnecessary exposures , including assessing substitutes , while additional studies continue .
In late 2010 , the agency 's efforts could potentially include testing or monitoring data in the vicinity of landfills , manufacturing facilities , or similar locations to determine the potential for BPA to enter the environment , with the EPA anticipating publishing an advance notice of proposed rulemaking in late 2010 .
Products already affected include thermal and carbonless paper coatings used in receipts where BPA alternatives may be readily available .
Additionally , the EPA intends to examine alternatives for BPA used in foundry castings , as well as BPA - based materials lining water and waste water pipes .
The EPA is working with the FDA , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences to assess non-food packaging exposures that fall outside of the FDA 's reach but within EPA 's regulatory authority .
On March 30 , the ACC's Dooley spoke on a TSCA Modernization panel at GlobalChem Conference and Expo in Baltimore , MD , saying , " [ the ACC ] is committed to developing a new , comprehensive chemical management law that puts the safety of the American consumer first , while ensuring the innovation that will lead to the development of essential new consumer products and high - paying American jobs . "
Outside the same event , a coalition of 200 environmental and public health groups called on the chemical industry within the conference to deliver what they called " a substantive platform to reform our federal toxic chemicals policy . "
That coalition , Safer Chemicals , Healthy Families ( SCHF ) , released a document outlining three differences they 've discerned between how the chemical industry and public health groups are defining TSCA reform .
In particular , SCHF wants health and safety information released on all chemicals as a condition for entering or remaining on the market .
The SCHF has also called for the EPA quickly reduce the impact of chemicals " already known to be dangerous " , saying that complete risk assessments called for by the chemical industry would leave the EPA " wasting precious resources to reinvent the wheel . "
SCHF also believes that the EPA should investigate cumulative exposure to chemicals , such as they are experienced in the real world , not on an individual basis .
In a Parisian speech today , Vice President of the European Commission Commissioner for the Digital Agenda Neelie Kroes pledged that a robust net neutrality discussion is coming to Europe — and she dragged out a dreaded car analogy of her own to describe the process .
Kroes , best known for leading the EU 's antitrust charge against Microsoft , now has new responsibilities , and she 's ready to talk about net neutrality .
Admitting that the US debate on the subject is " more advanced , " Kroes chalked this up to Europe 's " regulatory framework and the competitive investments that it fostered . "
In other words , since Europe 's line - sharing policies have created substantial ISP competition in many countries , competitive pressures have made net neutrality less important .
But the time has come to start thinking about the issues , and Kroes told the conference attendees that she would launch such a consultation by summer .
While pledging to come at the issue without preconceptions , she did affirm the FCC's 2005 Internet Policy Statement and its " four freedoms . "
The FCC is now considering two more principles : transparency and nondiscrimination .
Kroes is also on board with transparency , but nondiscrimination will be the subject of the consultation .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
President George W. Bush has n’t made many public appearances since departing Washington last year .
He hit the motivational speaker circuit last fall , and spoke at the Safari Club International Annual Hunters ’ Convention in Reno , Nevada in January .
But next month , he is slated to address the 2010 national conference of the wind power industry in Dallas .
And no , this is n’t an April Fool ’s joke .
The Texas native — reviled by enviros as president — will apparently be espousing the virtues of wind power at the meeting , sponsored by the American Wind Energy Association .
From AWEA ’s blog :
The former president will talk about his experience as Texas ’s governor , and as President , in advancing the wind energy agenda .
( Texas is the number one wind state in the United States and , though most people do n’t realize it , it was President Bush who first raised the prospect of getting 20 % of U.S. electricity from wind . )
“ Raised the prospect ” is an interesting choice of words .
Bush did sign into law a strong renewable energy standard in Texas 1999 as governor , which the state quickly surpassed .
Texas now has more installed wind capacity than any other state .
As president he did say in 2007 that the country could draw 20 percent of its power from wind by 2030 , but he never actually took the steps needed to make that happen .
Bush reportedly charges $ 150,000 for his appearances , though he gives home - town events like this one at a discount — just $ 100,000 .
So wind advocates are probably paying a pretty penny to have his star power at this year ’s event .
The conference also features Jason Alexander — a.k. a George Costanza of Seinfeld fame .
I ca n’t decide which speaker is the more bizarre selection .
Before waxing ecstatic over Greece 's ability to flog some bonds , remember this : Greece is a sideshow .
Spain is the main event .
Its economy , the euro zone 's fourth largest , is five times the size of Greece 's , and almost twice the size of those of other financially struggling countries — Greece , Ireland and Portugal — combined .
So it matters ...
From now until October 31st , we are donating the full retail value of every pair of PDX Tree Crew Socks sold to the Rogue Valley Relief Fund , to aid those most impacted by wildfires in southern Oregon .
That 's $ 10 donated for every pair !
In the 1950s and ’60s , artificial - intelligence researchers saw themselves as trying to uncover the rules of thought .
But those rules turned out to be way more complicated than anyone had imagined .
Since then , artificial - intelligence ( AI ) research has come to rely , instead , on probabilities — statistical patterns that computers can learn from large sets of training data .
The probabilistic approach has been responsible for most of the recent progress in artificial intelligence , such as voice recognition systems , or the system that recommends movies to Netflix subscribers .
But Noah Goodman , an MIT research scientist whose department is Brain and Cognitive Sciences but whose lab is Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence , thinks that AI gave up too much when it gave up rules .
By combining the old rule - based systems with insights from the new probabilistic systems , Goodman has found a way to model thought that could have broad implications for both AI and cognitive science .
Early AI researchers saw thinking as logical inference : if you know that birds can fly and are told that the waxwing is a bird , you can infer that waxwings can fly .
One of AI ’s first projects was the development of a mathematical language — much like a computer language — in which researchers could encode assertions like “ birds can fly ” and “ waxwings are birds . ”
If the language was rigorous enough , computer algorithms would be able to comb through assertions written in it and calculate all the logically valid inferences .
Once they ’d developed such languages , AI researchers started using them to encode lots of commonsense assertions , which they stored in huge databases .
The problem with this approach is , roughly speaking , that not all birds can fly .
And among birds that can’t fly , there ’s a distinction between a robin in a cage and a robin with a broken wing , and another distinction between any kind of robin and a penguin .
The mathematical languages that the early AI researchers developed were flexible enough to represent such conceptual distinctions , but writing down all the distinctions necessary for even the most rudimentary cognitive tasks proved much harder than anticipated .
Embracing uncertainty
In probabilistic AI , by contrast , a computer is fed lots of examples of something — like pictures of birds — and is left to infer , on its own , what those examples have in common .
This approach works fairly well with concrete concepts like “ bird , ” but it has trouble with more abstract concepts — for example , flight , a capacity shared by birds , helicopters , kites and superheroes .
You could show a probabilistic system lots of pictures of things in flight , but even if it figured out what they all had in common , it would be very likely to misidentify clouds , or the sun , or the antennas on top of buildings as instances of flight .
And even flight is a concrete concept compared to , say , “ grammar , ” or “ motherhood . ”
As a research tool , Goodman has developed a computer programming language called Church — after the great American logician Alonzo Church — that , like the early AI languages , includes rules of inference .
But those rules are probabilistic .
Told that the cassowary is a bird , a program written in Church might conclude that cassowaries can probably fly .
But if the program was then told that cassowaries can weigh almost 200 pounds , it might revise its initial probability estimate , concluding that , actually , cassowaries probably can’t fly .
“ With probabilistic reasoning , you get all that structure for free , ” Goodman says .
A Church program that has never encountered a flightless bird might , initially , set the probability that any bird can fly at 99.99 percent .
But as it learns more about cassowaries — and penguins , and caged and broken - winged robins — it revises its probabilities accordingly .
Ultimately , the probabilities represent all the conceptual distinctions that early AI researchers would have had to code by hand .
But the system learns those distinctions itself , over time — much the way humans learn new concepts and revise old ones .
“ What ’s brilliant about this is that it allows you to build a cognitive model in a fantastically much more straightforward and transparent way than you could do before , ” says Nick Chater , a professor of cognitive and decision sciences at University College London .
“ You can imagine all the things that a human knows , and trying to list those would just be an endless task , and it might even be an infinite task .
But the magic trick is saying , ‘ No , no , just tell me a few things , ’ and then the brain — or in this case the Church system , hopefully somewhat analogous to the way the mind does it — can churn out , using its probabilistic calculation , all the consequences and inferences .
And also , when you give the system new information , it can figure out the consequences of that . ”
Modeling minds
Programs that use probabilistic inference seem to be able to model a wider range of human cognitive capacities than traditional cognitive models can .
At the 2008 conference of the Cognitive Science Society , for instance , Goodman and Charles Kemp , who was a PhD student in BCS at the time , presented work in which they ’d given human subjects a list of seven or eight employees at a fictitious company and told them which employees sent e-mail to which others .
Then they gave the subjects a short list of employees at another fictitious company .
Without any additional data , the subjects were asked to create a chart depicting who sent e-mail to whom at the second company .
If the e-mail patterns in the sample case formed a chain —
Alice sent mail to Bob who sent mail to Carol , all the way to , say , Henry — the human subjects were very likely to predict that the e-mail patterns in the test case would also form a chain .
If the e-mail patterns in the sample case formed a loop —
Alice sent mail to Bob who sent mail to Carol , and so on , but Henry sent mail to Alice — the subjects predicted a loop in the test case , too .
A program that used probabilistic inference , asked to perform the same task , behaved almost exactly like a human subject , inferring chains from chains and loops from loops .
But conventional cognitive models predicted totally random e-mail patterns in the test case : they were unable to extract the higher - level concepts of loops and chains .
With a range of collaborators in the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences , Goodman has conducted similar experiments in which subjects were asked to sort stylized drawings of bugs or trees into different categories , or to make inferences that required guessing what another person was thinking .
In all these cases — several of which were also presented at the Cognitive Science Society ’s conference — Church programs did a significantly better job of modeling human thought than traditional artificial - intelligence algorithms did .
Chater cautions that , while Church programs perform well on such targeted tasks , they ’re currently too computationally intensive to serve as general - purpose mind simulators .
“ It ’s a serious issue if you ’re going to wheel it out to solve every problem under the sun , ” Chater says .
“ But it ’s just been built , and these things are always very poorly optimized when they ’ve just been built . ”
And Chater emphasizes that getting the system to work at all is an achievement in itself : “ It ’s the kind of thing that somebody might produce as a theoretical suggestion , and you ’d think , ‘ Wow , that ’s fantastically clever , but I ’m sure you ’ll never make it run , really . ’
And the miracle is that it does run , and it works . ”
Italian police have used social networking site Facebook to track down and capture one of the country 's most - wanted fugitive mafia suspects .
Pasquale Manfredi , accused of being one of the top figures in the ' Ndrangheta mafia , was found in Calabria .
The 33 - year - old , who faces charges of murder , mafia association and drugs trafficking , was traced via his network of Facebook contacts .
Reports suggest he called himself Scarface , after the film character .
According to Italian newspaper La Repubblica , he was arrested as he tried to escape from the roof of the apartment complex near the southern city of Crotone .
Believed to lead the ' Ndrangheta in the southern town , Pasquale Manfredi is also accused of possessing illegal armaments , including heavy weapons .
Police say the man - one of the country 's 100 most - wanted suspects - was responsible for the 2004 murder of a member of a rival clan , who was killed with a portable rocket launcher .
Am I the only one who feels that after the end of last week 's show , really the culmination of a serious and large dramatic issue for the main characters , rolling right from Peter 's learning of the devastating news and vanishing into a dream sequence musical episode is kind of uncalled for ?
A 1,550 - mile - long network of offshore wind stations could provide power from Massachusetts to North Carolina with minimal threat of outages , according to a new study .
By connecting stations together , the system could eliminate the biggest downside of wind power : intermittency .
The concept is simple :
If you spread out wind stations far enough , each one will experience a different weather pattern .
So it ’s very unlikely that a slackening of the wind would affect all stations at once .
The result is steadier power .
“ We ’re designing transmission in a different way , according to meteorological principles , ” said marine - policy expert Willett Kempton of the University of Delaware in Newark , co-author of the research , published April 5 in the Proceedings of the National Academies of Sciences .
Kempton and a team of scientists analyzed five years of wind data from 11 meteorological stations — buoys and towers — off the Atlantic coast , from Florida to Maine .
They found that combining power from all stations with a transmission cable could prevent massive power fluctuations .
The scientists simulated an underwater transmission cable , which they called the Atlantic Transmission Grid , that stretched more than 1,550 miles and connected all 11 stations .
Although individual sites showed erratic patterns , the aggregate power output changed only very slowly .
For example , the power output of individual stations would regularly drop to zero and fluctuate by more than 50 percent in an hour , but the output of the entire grid did not change more than 10 percent in any given hour .
And the north - south orientation of the grid meant that a northward cyclone , which can cause wind power to drop quickly after it passes through , would affect only a few stations at a time .
Grid power never dropped to zero during the entire five - year period .
“ We took an intermittent resource and made it not intermittent anymore , ” Kempton said .
Scientists had considered offshore wind as a potentially limitless source of power .
Compared to land , the ocean has stronger and more constant winds , though still not constant enough to be a primary energy supply .
This study indicates that offshore wind deserves more serious consideration as an energy alternative .
“ The technology ’s there , the materials are there , we have the willpower to reduce carbon emissions , we have a reliable power supply that does n’t lead to fuel shortage , ” said Mark Jacobson , a civil and environmental engineer at Stanford University .
“ The next step is really to start implementing this on a large scale . ”
There are currently no commercial offshore wind stations , though companies have started developing six wind farms along the east coast .
Together , the developments could produce as much energy as a large coal or nuclear power plant .
Next , Kempton would like to optimize the selection of stations to get the most stable and robust wind power .
The current electric grid cannot handle another large source of variability , so it will be important to design the transmission to ensure that wind power is more reliable , he says .
And he recommends the development of a new regulatory body to oversee offshore wind power .
But first developers and investors have to be willing to pony up the large capital costs for building wind farms along the coast .
Images : 1 ) Data from the QuikScat satellite shows wind - power density over global oceans for winter ( top panel ) and summer ( lower panel ) .
Red and white colors indicate high energy is available , while blue color reflects lower energy .
/ NASA / JPL .
2 ) A buoy used to collect wind data for the study . / Willett Kempton .
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
Senate Democrats need to take a lesson from their Louisiana brethren :
Today , the Louisiana Democratic Party suggested that Senator Tom Coburn expand his proposed amendment to the health care reconciliation bill prohibiting coverage of erectile dysfunction medications to child molesters , rapists and sex offenders to include those who admit or are convicted of prostitution or prostitution - related crimes .
“ If Senator Coburn believes that federal law should not allow coverage of erectile dysfunction medications to folks whose impulses have led them to break the law , then surely he would agree that anyone who has admitted or been found guilty of involvement with prostitution should not be covered either , ” said Louisiana Democratic Party spokesman Kevin Franck .
“ Of course , there ’s a slight chance that Senator Coburn ’s amendment is simply a partisan ploy aimed at neutering health care reform , ” Franck said .
“ In which case , our only suggestion to Senator Coburn is to stop playing games and get serious . ”
Can you define African Science Fiction ?
by Nnedi Okorafor
If I compiled bits of my recent phone discussions with Nollywood film director Tchidi Chikere on African science fiction , I think it would address many discussions of the topic quite well .
It would go like this :
“ Hello ?
Tee ?
Can you hear me ?
It ’s Nnedi . ” “ What ? ” “ Can you … ” “ Hello ? ” “ Hello ? ? ” “ Hello ? Nnedi , are you there ? ”
“ Yeah , Tee , I ’m here .
I think this connection is bad . ”
“ Nnedi , how are you ?
I ’m on location .
It ’s f*cking hot !
I can barely hear you . ”
“ Oh . ” “ We ’re all going to die out here .
It ’s so hot !
You would n’t believe it . ”
“ Yes , Tee but I wanted … ” “ You want to know what science fiction is ?
An air conditioner in Nigeria that is quiet enough to run when I ’m filming ! ” “ Ha ha ha ha ha ! ” “ Look , Nnedi , Nkemdili , dear , we ’ll talk later .
Carry your cell with you .
Gotta shoot this scene … ACTION ! ” * Click *
You see how science fiction from an African perspective might differ from science fiction from a Western perspective even when the science fiction is SET in Africa ?
Technology occupies a different space .
For more on the question of SF and Africa , check out my essay , Is Africa Ready for Science Fiction ?
However , there is one thing that has bubbled to the surface since then which I feel the need to address and that is the question of “ Who is African ? ”
Walk with me and let me tell you a story …
Back when I was an undergrad at the University of Illinois , Champaign - Urbana , there was chaos over this very question .
I was in my junior year .
This was about a year after I had written my first short story .
My sister ( who was a law student at the University of Illinois ) and I were members of the African Student Association ( a.k.a. the ASO ) .
The controversy began when someone on the executive board decided that he wanted to make the ASO constitution more … specific .
The change that got people angry was the part that said that the only people who could vote in the ASO were “ real Africans ” .
Who was a “ real African ” ?
Well , according to this executive , those who had been born in Africa or those who had lived in Africa for at least ten years .
I remember my ex-husband ( we were dating at the time ) looking very very smug .
He was born in the United States to two Igbo parents , just like me .
BUT when he was three years old , his parents took him and his brothers back to Nigeria where they lived for ten years .
He ’d just made the cut off .
He was an “ authentic African ” .
Mind you , he had n’t been back to Nigeria since he ’d returned when he was thirteen and I ’d been back and forth plenty of times since I was seven ( he was not interested in going back and I was ) .
Soon word spread about this new change to the ASO constitution and so did the number of attendants of ASO meetings … especially when African American and Caribbean students caught wind of the controversy ( thanks to my sister and me , hee hee ) .
Even local newspapers came sniffing around .
The meeting room on the day that the decision was to be made was packed with dark faces of the Black Diaspora .
The executives sat at a desk in the front .
You could cut the tension in the room with a knife .
No one really cared about the ASO and its duties .
It had nothing to do with that .
This change in the constitution , the specification , was highlighting the tension between the black peoples of the Black Diaspora .
I wonder what nature the fireworks would have taken if the white South Africans had come to represent .
At some point , I grew infuriated and raised my hand are started to speak .
I was giving my spiel about how the issue of “ Who is Africa ” is a complex one and that such things could not easily be defined and really SHOULDN ’T BE defined .
“ And does anyone ever ask ‘ Who is Asian ? ’ or ‘ Who is European ? ’
There ’s a problem with the very meaning of African .
It ’s not the same as with other places , ” I was saying .
Halfway through my little speech , one of the executives , Ernest Seri , turned to me .
He looked me right in the face with bulging eyes , sneered and said in his bass - filled Ivory Coastian accent , “ SHUT UP ! YOU SHUT UP ! ”
Mind you , my sister Ngozi had spoken before me and she has a way with words that can cut deep ( she ’s a lawyer ) .
She ’d basically said the same thing as me but more articulately .
So already , we had gotten on Ernest ’s nerves .
It ’s one of those moments where things could have gone several ways .
I could have jumped up and slapped the sh*t out of him ( and by the look on his face , he ’d have slapped me right back ) .
I could have said , “ You shut the f*ck up , a$ $hole ! ”
Or I could have just sat there stunned .
I sat there stunned .
I was so flabbergasted by the sheer hatred on his face .
And no man had ever said such a thing to me with such nastiness .
Mind you , Ernest was claiming that his wife ( whom he had a child with ) should be considered an African by marriage to him .
His wife was white .
Eventually , because of all the press and attention , the ASO retracted the stipulation .
But the damage was done .
You did n’t see any African Americans who wanted to be a part of the organization .
And even my sisters and I eventually left .
As for Ernest , a few years later , he was beaten to death outside a campus bar .
At the time , there were speculations that it was a hate crime , as his assailants were white and he was … black in America in a predominately white neighborhood outside a bar at night .
Nothing ever came of these allegations but one of the bouncers was sentenced to twenty years for first - degree murder .
You can read a bit about it here ( other stories about Ernest are on Lexis - Nexus ) .
An aside :
It was very very upsetting for me to revisit what happened to Ernest .
It ’s one of those things that I purposely do n’t think too hard about because it hurts .
Ernest was finishing his PhD in French Literature .
He was only 31 .
Goodness , he seemed so much older than me at the time .
The blow that killed him was an awful kick to his head that sent him flying .
From what I recall , Ernest was n’t even a big guy .
This country , o. 🙁
My point is labels suck .
Yes , they are ways to simplify life .
They make things easier to understand and faster to find .
They have their uses .
But when you take them too seriously , they are bullsh*t .
One last thing , when it comes to the question of “ Who is African ” , it MUST be remembered that colonialism and slavery happened and they left behind nasty residues that make things harder for people of a darker complexion .
Is it a surprise that the first major African science fiction film was directed by a white South African and starred a white South African actor ?
So let ’s not be in denial that there are issues of race that often fuel the tension circling this issue .
There are questions of who assumes they can speak for whom .
There are questions of culture and cultural appropriation .
There are questions of authenticity .
There are questions of blood .
There are questions of history .
There are questions of spiritually .
When discussing it , one should be aware that it is a sensitive topic and treat it with respect .
AND DO YOUR RESEARCH !
If you are expecting me to use this essay to answer the question of “ Who is Africa ? ” , you must be kidding .
I ’m not stepping into that trap .
I know what I am and I know what I write .
Here ’s my list of “ African SF ” .
It ’s really short .
I decided to only focus mainly on novels because there are a LOT more short stories and I do n’t have time to put it together .
How do I define African SF ?
I do n’t .
I know it when I see it .
:- P!
Debate amongst yourselves . ;-) .
The main fact is that this list DOES exist .
Africans ARE writing their own science fiction , contrary to what some may think .
But the fact is that Africans need to also write more of it .
As I said , this list is short … way too short .
I probably missed some folks , so add to the list if you like ; we should all be viewing literature with open eyes .
It should n’t take people making lists to expose other kinds of SF .
Be curious .
Search inside and outside the box .
NOTE : I have not read all these !
Come on , is it reasonable to assume that I have ?
And yes , this list is VERY dominated by South Africans of a lighter shade .
And then there ’s my work .
I live on borders and edges and in enchanted spaces .
Betsy Wollheim , my editor at DAW , calls my forthcoming novel , Who Fears Death , “ magical futurism ” .
It is a category that does not exist .
It ’s perfect , ha ha .
Zahrah the Windseeker and The Shadow Speaker are mixes of fantasy and science fiction and some other stuff .
But hell , I ’d be silly not to include these books on the list , so I am .
Here ’s a nice essay by Nick Wood on South African science fiction ( I thank Lauren Beukes for forwarding it to me ) : SF in South Africa
Film wise , there ’s District 9 .
It has problems but it is definitely African science fiction .
Also , check out Pumzi , a new science fiction short directed by Wanuri Kahiu , screened at Sundance this year .
—
Nnedi Okorafor is an award - winning science fiction and fantasy author of Nigerian descent .
Her novels include Zahrah the Windseeker ( winner of the 2008 Wole Soyinka Prize for African Literature ) and The Shadow Speaker ( An NAACP Image Award Nominee ) .
Her forthcoming novels Who Fears Death ( from DAW ) and Akata Witch ( from Penguin ) are scheduled for release in 2010 .
Her Disney Fairies chapter book , Iridessa and the Fire - Bellied Dragon Frog ( Disney Press ) , is scheduled for release in 2010 .
She holds a PhD in literature and is a professor of creative writing at Chicago State University .
Visit her online at nnedi.com .
They have stopped forcing guests to do chores , abandoned curfews and even started serving booze at some of their ritzier establishments .
Now , in the latest stage of its modernisation programme , the Youth Hostel Association ( YHA ) is considering whether to finally allow men and women to share a dorm .
The strict gender division has existed since the YHA was formed 80 years ago , with no exceptions made for married couples , families or platonic friendship groups .
But amid increasing competition from antipodean - style backpackers ' hostels that cram anyone and everyone into gargantuan dormitories where anything goes , the YHA has had to think about the hitherto unimaginable in order to stay in the game .
By the end of the year , the association hopes to have started a pilot scheme offering mixed dorms in some of its inner-city hostels , a YHA spokeswoman said .
" We are obviously aware that a lot of people come to us and do want to share with members of the opposite sex , whether friends or partners , " she said .
" At the moment we do n't offer it , but it 's something we are looking into .
One of our corporate managers is going to put a proposal together to suggest trialling it at one or two of our inner-city hostels , most likely in London . "
The move is sure to polarise opinion among those seeking a cheap bed for the night , said Tom Hall , travel editor of Lonely Planet .
" Some people like segregated dorms because they do n't want to feel uncomfortable getting undressed , and there is also the chance of being disturbed by potential naughtiness – I know that has happened to me , " he said .
" But I think that is probably cancelled out by people travelling more and more in mixed groups , or couples going on city breaks , who all want to be in the same room .
These places are often now treated more like budget hotels than traditional hostels . "
Plus , said Hall , British customers ' expectations are very different nowadays .
" Most young people 's first experiences of hostels now are in New Zealand or Australia , where mixed dorms are the norm , " he said .
Among the backpacking community , opinions vary , with women most likely to oppose any change , fearing an increase in snores and smells from sleeping men , as well as worrying about security .
But outside the Journeys hostel – a non-YHA establishment – in King 's Cross in London last week , some backpackers welcomed the move .
Student Hannah Adler , 21 , said : " It 'd be a good thing , because it 'll change the atmosphere for the better , and it certainly would n't make me feel unsafe .
At the moment , the YHAs are too strict , and when you stay there , it sort of feels like you 're back at school . "
Martin Balaam , 40 , said : " I think it 's a great plan , because mixed dorms are the best things about independent hostels .
Conversation is much easier in a mixed dorm – you get to meet both men and women , and so there 's a much friendlier and more social atmosphere .
I 'm surprised they 're thinking about it , though , because the YHA have always wanted a different sort of clientele . "
But Jennifer Ridge , 65 , was more wary .
" I do n't like the idea initially , because I think it 'll be bad for the atmosphere , " she said .
" But if it helps the hostels stay open , if it helps them financially , then I think they 've got to do it . "
Currently , all dorms in the YHA 's 200 hostels in England and Wales are single sex , though an increasing number of hostels offer twin or double rooms for couples , as well as family rooms .
Two US teenagers on an Easter egg hunt have found a body in a park , police say .
The two found the man 's body after they wandered away from their younger siblings on the hunt in Des Moines , Iowa .
Police Sgt Chris Scott said the teenagers came across the man 's body in a wooded area of Beaverdale Park on Saturday morning .
About 100 children were taking part in the annual event .
Foul play is not suspected , police say , and an autopsy is planned for early next week , KCCI News in Des Moines reported .
The name of the man , whose body was found at around 1000 ( 1500 GMT ) , has not been released while the family is being informed .
Police would neither confirm nor deny reports that the body had been found hanging from a tree .
UOT # 442 – Seymour Hersh
Seymour Hersh , Pulitzer Prize - winning investigative journalist and author , discusses the current state of journalism and its future , as well as the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Hersh gave a lecture entitled “ The Question of Torture ” on February 18 and 19 , 2010 as the first UO Distinguished Presidential Lecturer and the 2010 Savage Professor of International Relations and Peace .
Intelligence officer says officers did not know rules on treatment of prisoners and one tried to mount ' arse - covering exercise ' after Baha Mousa 's death
An officer of the regiment detaining Baha Mousa , a Basra hotel worker , when he was beaten to death said his soldiers held the view that " all Iraqis were scum " , it was disclosed today .
One officer tried to mount an " arse covering " exercise after Mousa 's death , while others expressed ignorance of basic rules covering the treatment of prisoners , the public inquiry into the incident heard .
A military intelligence officer , identified only as SO [ staff officer ] 17 , told the inquiry she was " amazed " at questions senior officers asked her about how prisoners should be treated .
Hooding , stress positions , noise - producing equipment and sleep deprivation were prohibited in a Joint Intelligence Committee document in 1972 , the inquiry heard .
They were banned by Edward Heath , then prime minister , after their use in Northern Ireland .
Giving evidence behind a screen , the witness said she was well aware of the 1972 ban and of obligations laid down by the Geneva conventions , and international and European law .
The inquiry has heard how Mousa and other Iraqi civilians held with him were subjected to hooding , stress positions and punching .
Mousa , a 26 - year - old receptionist , was beaten to death on 15 September 2003 on suspicion of being an insurgent .
He sustained 93 separate injuries while in the custody of soldiers from 1 Battalion Queen 's Lancashire Regiment ( 1QLR ) .
The intelligence officer , who was deployed to southern Iraq between July and December 2003 , said that later that day she received a number of telephone calls from QLR officers .
One , identified as Major Michael Peebles , had asked her what she described as basic questions about how prisoners should be handled , fed and watered , and how long they could be detained .
" I was amazed that this officer was asking me these questions as the unit should have been aware of policy , " she said , adding : " I formed the distinct impression that this officer was hiding something from me . "
Asked by Gerard Elias QC , the inquiry counsel , why she got that impression , she replied that the officer had offered no reply when she told him : " If you 've got any detainees then get them to me . "
Asked why she believed a QLR officer was engaged in what she called an " exercise in covering someone 's arse " , she said it was because it was very unusual for her to get so many telephone calls from officers in a British battlegroup in Basra .
She described how two weeks later she received a further call from another QLR officer .
It lasted between three and four hours .
She added : " During the call , he seemed to be on a morality roller coaster , in that he would go on about the QLR mentality and the attitude held that all Iraqis were scum and then he would go on about the lack of training that soldiers had . "
She said her caller , a male captain whose name she could not remember , " felt remorseful about Baha Mousa 's death " .
The captain told her that " poor treatment of prisoners was common during the tour " , she added .
The inquiry has heard that hooding of Iraqi detainees by British soldiers in Iraq was common .
Today 's witness , who described the practice as " inhumane " , said she witnessed it rarely but when she did so she immediately ordered the hoods to be removed .
She said alternatives , such as strips across the eyes or darkened goggles , were acceptable for a limited period .
She recalled one instance when a detainee had a " visible imprint of a boot on his back and others suffered from cut lips or bruises to their heads " .
Lieutenant Colonel Nicholas Mercer , the army 's most senior legal adviser in Iraq , told the inquiry last month that the way Iraqi detainees were intimidated and hooded by British soldiers was " repulsive " .
He was shocked , he said , adding that it was " a bit like seeing pictures of Guantánamo Bay for the first time " .
There are many reasons why someone would want to start a company .
There ’s the pursuit of wealth , glory , and fame , but above all , I believe most founders are searching for freedom .
Freedom to run things the way they see fit , freedom to be the masters of their own domain .
But until you have profits , until you ’re self - sustainable , you wo n’t truly have that freedom .
As long as you ’re beholden to other people ’s money , you ’re ultimately beholden to their approval .
Because we ’re profitable , Jason and I get the freedom to do all sorts of “ crazy ” things :
37signals runs entirely without debt , which is apparently so uncommon that we had trouble getting net - 30 terms from a vendor recently , because we could n’t give four trade references for credit .
Running a company without debt is like paying off your mortgage — liberating .
, which is apparently so uncommon that we had trouble getting net - 30 terms from a vendor recently , because we could n’t give four trade references for credit .
Running a company without debt is like paying off your mortgage — liberating .
We actually trust our employees .
No expense reports , no counting vacation or sick days , no required location or work hours .
We give everyone a credit card for expenses and tell them to spend it wisely .
What really matters is turning out good work .
.
No expense reports , no counting vacation or sick days , no required location or work hours .
We give everyone a credit card for expenses and tell them to spend it wisely .
What really matters is turning out good work .
We speak our minds — even when it ’s inconvenient , controversial , or risking offense to some of our customers or partners .
There ’s none of the traditional self - censorship that quickly creeps in when you have to worry about what the big man thinks about your opinions .
It ’s these supposedly crazy things that make me not want to give up 37 signals for anything .
Now , all this is technically possible without the freedom of profitability , but it certainly would n’t be natural or common .
Once you start thinking about how your decisions and actions might displease the men with the money , you invariably shy away from the most controversial ( and best ) ideas .
Chucky Profile Joined March 2010 Germany 56 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-21 12:41:20 #
1
cup # 4 is coming up .
Signup is opened another 2,5 hours plus check - in time .
German Coverage
We will have a german broadcast available
Cuppage
Date : 21 . March 2010
SignUp : opened
Check - In : 13:00 – 14:00 CET
Tourney start : 14:10 CET
Price money : 100 €
We will most likely need more time today for the replays .
Have fun !
Cheers ,
Chuck
On March 21 2010 20:26 Day [ 9 ] wrote :
OP , can you add that I 'll be streaming an english stream ?
or you can look in the calendar section at teamliquid !
OP , can you add that I 'll be streaming an english stream ?
www.livestream.com/striderdoom or you can look in the calendar section at teamliquid !
Hey guys , cup # 4 is coming up .
Signup is opened another 2,5 hours plus check - in time .
We will have a german broadcast available here starting 17:30 CETDate : 21 .
March 2010 SignUp : openedCheck - In : 13:00 – 14:00 CETTourney start : 14:10 CETPrice money : 100 € We will most likely need more time today for the replays .
Have fun !
Cheers , Chuck
Xxio Profile Blog Joined July 2009 Canada 5556 Posts # 2 Day [ 9 ] commentating finals and semi-finals !
yess !
KTY
Technique Profile Joined March 2010 Netherlands 1542 Posts # 3 .
Sweet
If you think you 're good , you suck .
If you think you suck , you 're getting better .
thOr6136 Profile Blog Joined July 2009 Slovenia 1492 Posts # 4 W00T day [ 9 ] i love you
VTArlock Profile Blog Joined December 2009 United States 1755 Posts # 5 Wish I was on Euro server VT R.I.P .
Perseverance Profile Joined February 2010 Japan 2795 Posts # 6 On March 21 2010 19:59
The Comeback wrote :
Wish I was on Euro server Wish I was on Euro server
I know , when are we going to get some US tournies up and running for some money ?
I 'd be willing to help pay for one if someone well known from TL was going to host it .
I know , when are we going to get some US tournies up and running for some money ?
I 'd be willing to help pay for one if someone well known from TL was going to host it .
< 3 Moonbattles
Xxio Profile Blog Joined July 2009 Canada 5556 Posts # 7 On March 21 2010 20:01 Perseverance wrote :
Show nested quote +
On March 21 2010 19:59 The Comeback wrote :
Wish I was on Euro server Wish I was on Euro server
I know , when are we going to get some US tournies up and running for some money ?
I 'd be willing to help pay for one if someone well known from TL was going to host it .
I know , when are we going to get some US tournies up and running for some money ?
I 'd be willing to help pay for one if someone well known from TL was going to host it .
" Hello , Goodbye " tournament " Hello , Goodbye " tournament KTY
G- Dy Profile Joined April 2008 Germany 90 Posts # 8 ( but they still have time to sign - up ! )
I went through the players list and no Dimaga , Orly or Lucifron so far ( but they still have time to sign - up ! )
VTArlock Profile Blog Joined December 2009 United States 1755 Posts # 9
This is insane , they have like $ 100 tournies everyday ...
VT R.I.P .
NarutO Profile Blog Joined December 2006 Germany 18817 Posts # 10 I have to work , FFFFUUUUUU Commentator Polt | MMA | Jjakji | BoxeR | NaDa | MVP | MKP ... truly inspiring .
AllFear Profile Joined March 2010 44 Posts # 11 when is the semis being cast by day9 ?
Twinweapon : I saw creep and zerglings outside my wall - in and was like O DAM PROBLEM WTH IS THIS .
Aesop Profile Joined October 2007 Hungary 10724 Posts # 12 On March 21 2010 20:20 All
Fear wrote :
when is the semis being cast by day9 ?
It 's like an all - day tournament .
Semi-Finals are likely to ( do n't sue me if not ) occur around 7/8 european time I 'd say .
It 's like an all - day tournament .
Semi-Finals are likely to ( do n't sue me if not ) occur around 7/8 european time I 'd say .
Moderator Non veritas sed auctoritas facit legem .
| Liquipedia :
Do n't ask me , I 'm retired .
Day [ 9 ]
Profile Blog Joined April 2003 United States 7366 Posts # 13 Heyo !
I 'm casting this !
It 'll be on at I think 5 - 6 PM CET and 9 am PST .
The time might vary depending on when people finish their Ro8 games .
It 's looking like a 512 person tournament xD
Whenever I encounter some little hitch , or some of my orbs get out of orbit , nothing pleases me so much as to make the crooked straight and crush down uneven places .
www.day9.tv
Day [ 9 ]
Profile Blog Joined April 2003 United States 7366 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-21 11:26:36 # 14
or you can look in the calendar section at teamliquid !
OP , can you add that I 'll be streaming an english stream ?
www.livestream.com/striderdoom or you can look in the calendar section at teamliquid !
Whenever I encounter some little hitch , or some of my orbs get out of orbit , nothing pleases me so much as to make the crooked straight and crush down uneven places .
www.day9.tv
Lennon Profile Joined February 2010 United Kingdom 2274 Posts # 15 On March 21 2010 19:56 Xxio wrote :
Day [ 9 ] commentating finals and semi-finals !
yess !
YES .
That guy is awesome .
YES .
That guy is awesome .
HolydaKing Profile Joined February 2010 20329 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-21 11:31:44 # 16 very cool Day [ 9 ] =)
Day [ 9 ]
Profile Blog Joined April 2003 United States 7366 Posts # 17
Or at the very least could an admin change the OP to include that ?
Lol
Whenever I encounter some little hitch , or some of my orbs get out of orbit , nothing pleases me so much as to make the crooked straight and crush down uneven places .
www.day9.tv
Lennon Profile Joined February 2010 United Kingdom 2274 Posts # 18 On March 21 2010 20:17
The Comeback wrote :
This is insane , they have like $ 100 tournies everyday ...
I 'm not complaining I 'm not complaining
G- Dy Profile Joined April 2008 Germany 90 Posts # 19
It 's funny , cuz ' in the starcraft2.ingame.de
Forum you are listed as a streamer
koik Profile Joined October 2008 Germany 14 Posts # 20 ZOTAC SC2 BETA Cup # 4 checkin now open - sign up & check in now at http://sc2.cups.gamesports.net/en/cup/ - #zotac.sc2
1 2 3 4 5 26 27 28 Next All
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Conservative leader David Cameron has been hit by an egg thrown by a teenage construction student .
Mr Cameron was in Saltash , Cornwall , when he was hit on the shoulder .
BBC political correspondent Carole Walker said the egg was thrown by the student as the Conservative leader left a college he had been visiting .
Mr Cameron , who has been followed by a Daily Mirror reporter dressed as a chicken , joked : " Now I know which came first - the chicken not the egg . "
He said the egg was the " first of the campaign " .
We want people to behave themselves and not doing these things
Gordon Brown
Politicians and public encounters Carole Walker added that Mr Cameron , who wore a fresh shirt as he chatted to voters in Torquay later , was " unruffled " and continued on his way out of the building .
She added that although the egg did strike Mr Cameron 's shoulder , it was his protection officer who took the full force of the mess .
The yolk also stained Mr Cameron 's white shirt .
A 16 - year - old student - who was wearing a hooded top - was arrested briefly but then released .
' Disappointed ' According to a Conservative aide , the young man was quickly released after police established that he was not carrying any more missiles .
A spokeswoman for Cornwall College , which Mr Cameron had been visiting at the time of the incident , said she was " extremely disappointed that the actions of one student marred this otherwise excellent opportunity to engage students in the election process " .
The college 's student union president , Toni Pearce , said it was not acceptable and it was disappointing the incident had happened .
The remnants of the egg thrown at David Cameron
She said : " But these things happen and it 's probably an expression of a lot of anger people have towards politicians at the moment .
" A lot of students and members of the public see them as comedy figures rather than to be taken seriously . "
Mr Cameron 's response was more restrained than that of former Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott , who punched a protester who threw an egg at him during the 2001 election campaign .
Speaking later in Cardiff , Gordon Brown said he was " sorry if anything had happened " .
He added : " We want to have a fair campaign .
We want people to behave themselves and not doing these things . "
' Doable change '
Before the incident , Mr Cameron shrugged off opinion polls pointing to a hung Parliament , telling students " polls go up , polls go down " .
" I 've been leader of this party for four and a half years , I 've been 10 points ahead , I 've been 10 points behind , " he added .
" What I 'm interested in is the big poll on 6 May . "
In a speech later in Torquay , Mr Cameron set out a seven - point plan to make politicians and ministers more accountable , claiming the old political system needed to be " blown apart " .
Among the pledges are a curb on quangos , which Mr Cameron said had become " a law until themselves " , more " open primaries " to choose Conservative candidates and a referendum before any further powers are transferred to Brussels .
" Those are all simple steps , all steps that would make a difference , all steps that people I think will understand would go to the heart of what is wrong with our politics , " he said .
" That 's what needs to change in our system , that 's the simple , straightforward , believable , doable change you will get from the Conservative government . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bloody Bill Kristol on Fox News Sunday predicts that the bulk of the health care bill will be repealed by 2013 .
As Think Progress noted Mr. Wrong About Everything " Kristol Ball " does n't exactly have the best track record .
I do n't think the Republicans will have any luck repealing it .
Fixing it with some price controls is another matter but as I 've said before you can bet anything the Republicans try to do to " fix " the bill will only make it worse .
Since Kristol is n't exactly known for telling the truth I doubt he actually believes this either .
Former Tyrone police officer Matthew New was arrested March 11 by investigators with the Fayetteville Police Department on 41 charges involving children , including child molestation and aggravated sexual battery .
New resigned his position in Tyrone in late February while under investigation for unrelated policy violations .
The 38 - year - old Fayetteville resident was arrested on the basis of an investigation by Fayetteville police that began Feb. 2 , said Chief Steve Heaton .
The former Tyrone officer was initially arrested on two charges of child molestation , Heaton said .
Information stemming from the investigation resulted in 39 additional charges , said Heaton .
Of those , New has been charged with one count of aggravated sexual battery , one count of sexual battery , two counts of enticing a child for indecent purposes and 35 counts of child pornography , according to jail records .
Heaton said more than one child was victimized .
The children were under age 16 at the time of the incidents , he said , and one of the children was a family member .
The allegation of molestation filed by a member of New ’s family occurred in November 2007 , said Heaton .
During the investigation , several pieces of New ’s computer were taken for examination , Heaton said , adding that the Georgia Bureau of Investigation conducted a forensic examination of New ’s computer that revealed evidence of the crime , he said .
In addition to that evidence , Heaton said other evidence of other crimes were also located that led to the additional charges .
Heaton said other charges could be forthcoming if the investigation by the GBI reveals additional evidence .
Tyrone Police Chief Brandon Perkins said Officer New was placed on administrative leave from the Tyrone Police Department immediately upon the agency being notified of the investigation by Fayetteville police on Feb .
2 .
New later resigned from the Tyrone Police Department on Feb. 24 while under an internal investigation of unrelated policy violations pertaining to issues such as potentially falsifying time sheets , Perkins said , adding that New resigned prior to the conclusion of the investigation .
New began his employment with the Tyrone Police Department on Jan. 22 , 2001 , according to Perkins .
My 26 year old son got the most extraordinary letter from the Social Security Administration last week .
In plain English it admitted that the system was a Ponzi scheme destined for bankruptcy more than a decade before he reaches retirement age .
It warned that if he is to have any hope of retiring he'd better start saving on his own .
Anyone who was n't personally hypnotized by FDR knows this to be true .
Yet I was still surprised that such a frank government confession did n't make national news .
The two - page pamphlet entitled " What young workers should know about Social Security and saving " reminds us that 50 million , or one in six , Americans will collect more than $ 614 Billion dollars in Social Security benefits this year .
It informs young people that the Security Taxes they now pay go into a " Trust Fund " that is used to pay current beneficiaries .
Paying off early investors with funds taken from later investors is precisely how Wikipedia defines a Ponzi scheme .
The pamphlet advises that the Social Security Board of Trustees estimates that the " Trust Fund " will be depleted before my son's 54th birthday .
Because people are living longer and the birth rate is low , it goes on , taxes paid by workers in the future will not be enough to pay the benefits promised in his personalized retirement account statement enclosed with the pamphlet .
Imagine what hell would break loose if Schwab or Fidelity Investments enclosed a confession like this when they mailed investors their 401 ( k ) statements .
On top of the negative rate of return young people paying into Social Security are expected to suffer , the pamphlet concludes that my son should plan on taking an additional 24 % haircut on the benefits promised in his statement .
This is the same healthy young kid being told that he will soon have to buy an artificially overpriced health insurance policy so his premiums can be redistributed to aging Baby Boomers lobbying Congress for free stuff .
Given the fact that Social Security will be bankrupt before my son even reaches my age , the pamphlet directs him to a handy web calculator that shows how much he will have to save every week if he hopes to retire on his own .
Play with it for a few minutes and you realize that there is only one field in the calculator that really matters , and that is the rate of inflation .
Plug in an annual inflation rate of one or two percent and the numbers look pretty reasonable as compound interest works its magic .
But stick in the double digit inflation figures that were in vogue when Jimmy Carter was president and a funny thing happens .
In order to prepare for retirement , young people would have to save more than they make !
Given the Vesuvius of cash the Fed pumped into the economy to disguise the real estate debacle , what do you think the odds are that inflation is going to stay at one or two percent ?
Why do kids put up with this ?
Last time I checked they were old enough to vote .
An entire generation is being systematically robbed by their parents with nary a peep .
Why are n't they marching in the streets like we did ?
When they do show up at the polls like sheep ready to be shorn , they pull the lever for kumbaya politicians promising to stick them with the bill for an ever - expanding menu of unfunded middle class entitlements .
There only conclusion I can come to is that we Baby Boomers have infantilized our children into idiocy .
Our kids got so used to being taken care of , educated , clothed , entertained , and driven to the mall that they somehow got the idea that this life of Reilly would go on forever .
Little did they know that we were luring them into an adulthood of intergenerational slavery .
Baby Boomers made a mess out of what was once the most productive economy in human history .
Rather than atoning for our errant ways by paying our own bills , we seem determined to use Congress to squeeze every last bit of cash out of anyone we can get our hands on before we shuffle off this mortal coil .
Après nous , le Déluge .
Impoverished by our incessant demands for free government services , our children will most likely get revenge by not providing us with any grandchildren .
Even if they wanted kids , how will they afford them if half their paycheck is confiscated to take care of us ?
As the most self - absorbed generation in American history , I suppose Baby Boomers will find it easy to live out their days bereft of grandchildren , much as the French and Italians have .
Can this really be the Great Society we 've been promising to bequeath to posterity ?
Home >>
Helpful Info >>
Reversing Eight Vicious Cycles
Vicious Cycles That Interrupt Healing — from Fibromyalgia , Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and Other Illness
People with any chronic illness tend to develop a set of self - defeating vicious cycles , which conventional medical approaches too often overlook .
Our office places high priority on reversing these self - defeating cycles , as they are major obstacles to healing .
Vicious Cycle # 1 : Non-restorative Sleep
Both FMS and CFS disrupt sleep quality .
Poor sleep , in turn , worsens physical and mental stamina .
Poor sleep also increases sensitivity to pain .
These , of course , further disrupt sleep .
Vicious Cycle # 2 : Disordered Breathing Rhythms
More than half of our patients with FMS or CFS develop a disordered pattern of breathing .
They take very small rapid breaths using the small muscles of their chest instead of slow , deep breathing with the large muscles of the abdomen .
These changes are subtle and most people who “ hyperventilate ” in this manner do n‘t realize that their breathing pattern is out - of - sync .
Shallow chest breathing makes people feel tense .
Slow , deep abdominal breathing creates feelings of calmness .
Disordered breathing can also cause a broad array of frightening symptoms including mental fog , dizziness , irritability , chest pain , feeling numb and more .
Worse symptoms then disrupts breathing further .
Vicious Cycle # 3 : Inactivity Leads to Progressive Loss of Physical Fitness ( De-conditioning )
People with FMS and CFS feel too ill to exercise , and if they push they get worse .
However , not exercising at all is also a mistake .
With inactivity , fitness fades .
This increases vulnerability ( i.e. it takes less and less exertion before you push over your limits ) .
This leads to less activity , which in turn , leads to lower blood pressure and blood volume .
Blood sugar becomes unstable .
Disruptive stress hormones increase ( e.g. adrenalin and cortisone ) .
People feel worse , so they can do even less .
And the cycle repeats .
Vicious Cycle # 4 : Magnesium Loss in the Urine
Both physical pain and mental distress cause magnesium loss through the urine .
Low magnesium , in turn , turns up pain volume and also heightens vulnerability to stress .
This brings about further magnesium loss .
Vicious Cycle # 5 : Hormonal Imbalances
Both physical and mental distress trigger the release of hormones such as cortisol that promote tissue breakdown .
At the same time , distress depresses the output of hormones that promote growth ( e.g. DHEA growth hormone ) .
Thyroid and sex - hormones may also be affected .
These hormonal disturbances undermine healing , which then lead to further hormone disruption .
Vicious Cycle # 6 : Blood Sugar instability
The five vicious cycles just discussed all have adverse effects on the body 's blood sugar and insulin system .
Blood sugar tends to rise higher after eating carbohydrates , and then fall rapidly lower , the “ hypoglycemic ” reaction .
Actually , low blood sugar per se is not the direct cause of symptoms .
Rather , falling blood sugar causes ‘ stress hormones ’ to surge , including adrenalin and cortisol .
These disruptive hormones are actually the cause of most ‘ hypoglycemia ’ symptoms .
These symptoms include : mood instability , depression , light - headedness , foggy brain , fluid retention and fatigue .
( See also hypoglycemia symptoms , hypoglycemia treatments )
Vicious Cycle # 7 : Mind / Body Tension
Feeling bad for so long makes people “ tighten up ” , both literally in their muscles and figuratively in their mind .
Muscle tension increases pain and stiffness .
Mental tension creates feelings of anxiety , and a sense of not being in control .
This causes more physical and mental tension , reinforcing the illness .
This is one reason that people with Fibromyalgia are more likely to suffer from migraine or tension headaches .
When headache pain is bad , this also tends to make Fibromyalgia worse .
Vicious Cycle # 8 : Losing Perspective , Losing Hope
People who are chronically ill tend to lose optimism and also their sense of perspective and proportion .
Small set backs feel like catastrophes .
Dips feel like forever .
Anger suppresses immune function .
They may lose hope and stop trying .
This heavy burden adds to the illness .
What tools do we have to reverse these vicious cycles ?
For sleep quality , we have many options including behavioral training , nutritional supplements , herbs and medicines .
For disordered breathing , we teach how to restore rhythmic breathing .
This can be mastered in just two or three training sessions .
To improve physical fitness , the Goldilocks Principle applies – not too much exercise and not too little , but just the right amount .
Within a few months this usually improves fitness , function and symptoms .
For low magnesium , we offer a specialized test of magnesium status , and aggressively replace deficiencies .
For hormone imbalances , we measure relevant hormones and consider the pros and cons of hormonal supplements .
We treat blood sugar instability with the traditional anti-hypoglycemia diet plus several important new wrinkles .
To reduce physical and mental tension , we teach a broad set of practical relaxation skills .
There are also techniques for regaining perspective and realistic hope without long - term psychotherapy .
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy ( CBT ) is a brief educational technique that teaches you how to ‘ reframe ’ practical problems so that you deal with them more effectively .
More information on this can be found on our Stress Management Techniques and Treatments section .
Our strategy is to reverse first one vicious cycle , then the next and the next .
This removes obstacles that perpetuate illness , thereby strengthening the body ’s natural abilities to heal .
DEFAULT
The publicly - owned television channel TSR last week agreed to remove a series of cartoons which satirised child sex abuse by Catholic priests from its website , after protests from the Vatican .
Some of the pictures were broadcast on an edition of TSR ’s Infrared programme , which tackled the issue of paedophile priests .
However , a number of the more controversial images – one of which features Jesus Christ having sex with a child – were felt to be too sensitive and published only online .
Start Here !
Dist :: Zilla is meant to make it easy to release your free software to the CPAN .
Like ExtUtils :: MakeMaker or Module : : Build , it takes your source code and builds a tarball that can be installed by other users .
Unlike those tools , though , Dist : : Zilla takes care of all kinds of boring and mindless tasks so that you , the programmer , are free to just write your code .
Since 2007 , American Babies has been the mouthpiece for Philadelphia based musician Tom Hamilton .
After spending the early 2000s building a national fan base fronting the electro - rock band Brothers Past , releasing two critically acclaimed albums , and averaging 150 shows a year , a change was in order .
" Musically , I wanted to get back to the basics " he explains , " Get the song right , first .
Then worry about the live show and how the music opens up from there . "
Hamilton went back to his roots , rediscovering the Outlaw Country , Motown , and Grateful Dead records he gre… read more
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Once I went into a debate about something indirectly gender related and proceeded to educate everyone in a know - it - all fashion with some stuff I vaguely remembered reading in a Time magazine sidebar graphic , assuming everyone else would be completely ignorant on the subject since they were mostly male .
Then a guy came along and corrected me with links to actual facts and information on the subject .
Which do you think the people in that argument found more valuable :
My female perspective which just happened to be fresh because I was making it up , or some guy having actual facts and sources ?
I know , right ?
But for some reason everyone sided with the guy .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Anyway , it 's going to be especially tempting for anyone who has n't spent a lot of time in real world social settings to think she has an automatic bonus somewhere due to being born with breasts .
I used to expect people to go , " Wow , she is very funny / artistic / whatever I was trying to impress people with .
AND she 's a woman ! "
OK , so first of all , that goes against this whole equality thing us women have been aspiring to ever since the concept of feminism was invented by the Spice Girls in the early 90s .
If I write a good article , make a good argument , or draw a good picture , why should it count more than a male doing the same thing ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Not only is it not morally fair , the world just does n't work like that , online and off .
There are too many females on the Internet for anyone to think you are the rare one that can draw or play video games while simultaneously having female anatomy .
Now if you got drafted into the NFL or got a girl pregnant ( or both ) , that might be something .
Ok … first of all , stop looking at me like that .
Yea , I can see that crazy look on your face .
But it ’s me .
The same person that brought you amazing Cream Cheese Cinnamon Rolls and Perfect Lemon Pound Cake .
We trust each other .
We have an understanding .
Just go with me on this .
Something about hot summer weather gets me to thinking ( or melts my brain ) and brings some strange recipes to the surface .
Remember last year ’s Blueberry Ice Cream with Homemade Hot Fudge ?
Yea… I got a few strange looks for that too .
Because I still see those raised eyebrows on your face , let me tell you a little about this beast of a cake .
Believe me , I was super skeptical too .
The vegan chocolate cake is dense and moist , and everything you might want from a chocolate cake minus the eggs and butter .
The fat in the cake is almond oil ( or anything you have on hand ) and one whole mashed avocado .
It ’s lovely , and I did n’t taste a lick of avocado in the cake .
The avocado buttercream is a dash more strange .
Yes , it ’s bright green .
Yes , the only fat in the buttercream is avocado meat .
It ’s sweet with slight hints of citrus .
I had my doubts , but when combined with the chocolate cake … holy wow !
It actually worked !
It was honest - to - goodness delicious !
Not to mention vegan and full of healthy fats !
Your thoughts ?
Have I scared you off ?
El arzobispo de Puebla , V�ctor S�nchez , exigi� a los sacerdotes mantenerse fieles a su compromiso de servir a Dios , evitando cualquier distracci�n y preservando sus votos de castidad
PUEBLA , Pue .- | Domingo 04 de abril de 2010
De la corresponsal�a | El Universal
18:23
As already the case with the United States and Canada .
Erdogan cancels a trip to Stockholm .
The Armenian diaspora against diplomatic relations between Armenia and Turkey .
Ankara ( AsiaNews / Agencies ) - Turkey has recalled its ambassador from Sweden , after the Stockholm parliament voted by a narrow margin a resolution on the Armenian genocide .
The Turkish government has denounced the resolution as " based on blunders and without any foundation " .
Turkish premier Recep Tayyip Erdogan , condemned the action as " motivated by political calculations " and canceled a meeting between Turkey and Sweden to be held on 17 March .
Sweden is one of the strongest advocates of Ankara 's entry into the EU .
The resolution was passed by 131 votes to 130 , with the votes of the opposition and that of some MPs of the ruling party .
Carl Bild , Swedish Minister of Foreign Affairs , said the vote was " a mistake " and that does not change the position of his government , which remains in favour of Turkey in Europe .
A week ago a similar incident occurred in the United States , where the congressional committee passed a similar motion on the Armenian genocide and Turkey also recalled its ambassador from Washington .
Last year , a similar incident happened with Canada .
At the end of the Ottoman Empire ( 1915 - 17 ) , hundreds of thousands of Armenians were killed as they were deported from eastern Anatolia .
Many also died of starvation .
Many historians and the Armenian people consider it as a planned genocide .
According to other historians and Turkey , the killing of Armenians is just one of many cases of violence that occurred during the war .
According to the Armenian , the genocide claimed the lives of 1.5 million people , according to Turkey the dead were probably 50 thousand , with many Turks .
pinstripe Member
Join Date : Aug 2009 Posts : 85
Pinstripe 's 2nd try : PC case + 22W LED
This time I 'll keep the plants in a 4L pot all the way to harvest .
My babies have been above soil for almost three weeks , and they 're growing incredibly fast .
It 's nothing like my
The grow box
Almost two weeks of veg ( 19/5 ) .
The plants are kept on the floor exclusively for the photo shoot Normally , they 're sitting about 4 inches from the LEDs .
Two weeks
Still two weeks
Here we are at almost 3 weeks .
I flipped the timer to 12 /12 after 13 days of veg .
The plants are n't all happy , though .
About 2 days after putting the scrog - screen on , the lower leaves became all soggy .
They have n't been watered for 5 days , but the soil is still moist 2 inches down and I 'll really afraid of overwatering 'em .
I heard plants sometimes bitch with each other when kept in the same pot .
Anyway , we 'll see what happens
I also found a spot , actually a hole , on one of the leaves .
Do you think this is something to worry about ?
All the best ,
Pinstripe Hello icmag !
I 'm back with a new grow box , and this time I 'll hopefully make it to harvest without messing up .
In my last grow , the pots were too small and I ended up killing 2 out of 3 plants by overwatering them and the surviving plant turned out to be male .
This time I 'll keep the plants in a 4L pot all the way to harvest .
My babies have been above soil for almost three weeks , and they 're growing incredibly fast .
It 's nothing like my previous attempt .
The strain is NLxC99 ( Nectar Seeds ) , and I 'll be using high quality soil mixed with 15 % perlite .
The grow boxAlmost two weeks of veg ( 19/5 ) .
The plants are kept on the floor exclusively for the photo shootNormally , they 're sitting about 4 inches from the LEDs .
Two weeksStill two weeks
Here we are at almost 3 weeks .
I flipped the timer to 12 /12 after 13 days of veg .
The plants are n't all happy , though .
About 2 days after putting the scrog - screen on , the lower leaves became all soggy .
They have n't been watered for 5 days , but the soil is still moist 2 inches down and I 'll really afraid of overwatering 'em .
I heard plants sometimes bitch with each other when kept in the same pot .
Anyway , we 'll see what happensI also found a spot , actually a hole , on one of the leaves .
Do you think this is something to worry about ?
All the best , Pinstripe
Could eating grapes slow what 's for many Americans a downhill sequence of high blood pressure and insulin resistance leading to heart disease and type 2 diabetes ?
Scientists at the University of Michigan Health System are teasing out clues to the effect of grapes in reducing risk factors related to cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome .
The effect is thought to be due to phytochemicals -- naturally occurring antioxidants - that grapes contain .
Findings from a new animal study will be presented today at the Experimental Biology convention in Anaheim , Calif. , and show encouraging results of a grape - enriched diet preventing risk factors for metabolic syndrome , a condition affecting an estimated 50 million Americans and is often a precursor to type 2 diabetes .
Researchers studied the effect of regular table grapes ( a blend of green , red and black grapes ) that were mixed into a powdered form and integrated into the diets of laboratory rats as part of a high - fat , American style diet .
All of the rats used were from a research breed that is prone to being overweight .
They performed many comparisons between the rats consuming a grape - enriched diet and the control rats receiving no grape powder .
Researchers added calories and sugars to the control group to balance the extra calories and sugars gained from getting the grape powder .
After three months , the rats that received the grape - enriched diet had lower blood pressure , better heart function , and reduced indicators of inflammation in the heart and the blood than rats who received no grape powder .
Rats also had lower triglycerides and improved glucose tolerance .
The effects were seen even though the grape - fed animals had no change in body weight .
In all , researchers say the study demonstrates that a grape - enriched diet can have broad effects on the development of heart disease and metabolic syndrome and the risk factors that go along with it .
" The possible reasoning behind the lessening of metabolic syndrome is that the phytochemicals were active in protecting the heart cells from the damaging effects of metabolic syndrome .
In the rats , inflammation of the heart and heart function was maintained far better , " says Steven Bolling , M.D. , heart surgeon at the U - M Cardiovascular Center and head of the U - M Cardioprotection Research Laboratory .
The researchers also looked for signs of inflammation , oxidative damage and other molecular indicators of cardiac stress .
Again , the rats who consumed the grape powder had lower levels of these markers than rats who did not receive grapes .
There is no well - accepted way to diagnose metabolic syndrome which is really a cluster of characteristics : excess belly fat ( for men , a waist measuring 40 inches or more and for women , a waist measuring 35 inches or more ) ; high triglycerides which can lead to plague build - up in the artery walls ; high blood pressure ; reduced glucose tolerance ; and elevated c-reactive protein , a marker for inflammation in the body .
Those with metabolic syndrome are at higher risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes .
But the U - M study suggests that it may be possible that grape consumption can change the downhill sequence that leads to heart disease by prolonging the time between when symptoms begin to occur and a time of diagnosis .
" Reducing these risk factors may delay the onset of diabetes or heart disease , or lessen the severity of the diseases , " says E. Mitchell Seymour , Ph.D. , lead researcher and manager of the U - M Cardioprotection Research Laboratory .
" Ultimately it may lessen the health burden of these increasingly common conditions . "
Rats were fed the same weight of food each day , with powered grapes making up 3 percent of the diet .
Although the current study was supported in part by the California Table Grape Commission , which also supplied the grape powder , the researchers note that the commission played no role in the study 's design , conduct , analysis or preparation of the presentation .
Research on grapes and other fruits containing high levels of antioxidant phytochemicals continues to show promise .
U- M will further its research this summer when it begins a clinical trial to test the impact of grape product consumption on heart risk factors .
" Although there 's not a particular direct correlation between this study and what humans should do , it 's very interesting to postulate that a diet higher in phytochemical - rich fruits , such as grapes , may benefit humans , " Bolling says .
Bolling says that people who want to lower their blood pressure , reduce their risk of diabetes or help with weakened hearts retain as much pumping power as possible should follow some tried - and - true advice to eat a healthy diet low in saturated fat , trans fat and cholesterol , achieve a desirable weight and increase physical activity .
Explore further Benefit of grapes may be more than skin deep
Deux ans plus tard : regard sur la cuvée 2018
Notre collaborateur spécial , Marc Dumont , explique comment le Repêchage de 2018 a permis au Tricolore de se bâtir l'un des meilleurs bassins d'espoirs dans la LNH .
According to people like Ivan Seidenberg , Verizon 's CEO , the US is number one in broadband , no question about it .
But one only has to look around the world to see just how specious such claims are .
City Telecom 's ad for its 1 Gbps service
Take Hong Kong as an example .
City Telecom made waves a few months ago with its US $ 13 , symmetric 100 M bps connections .
Today , the company slashed prices on its much faster 1 G bps fiber - to - the - home offering ; a fully symmetric , 1 Gbps connection costs HK $ 199 ... or US $ 26 a month .
Want phone service with that ?
That 'll be US$ 3 .
IPTV service will cost another $ 6 - 12 , depending on the channel package .
( There 's also a US $ 115 installation charge to run the fiber link from the building basement up to an individual apartment . )
This is an exceptional offer , but City Telecom is n't alone in offering service that should make US operators cringe — and US customers green with envy .
Hutchison Telecom offers 100 M bps symmetric connections for US $ 13 .
i- Cable offers 130 Mbps downloads for $ 39 per month using DOCSIS 3.0 tech .
This is n't the US market , so prices are n't directly comparable , but Hong Kong and the US are almost identical when it comes to GDP per capita , adjusted for purchasing power parity ( PPP ) .
Hong Kong is one of the densest spots on earth .
One would n't expect to see this level of price and competition across a country as broad and sprawling as the US , but one would expect it to be possible somewhere .
Sadly , even something like 100 M bps is hard to come by in most US cities ; 1 Gbps is unknown , except to tiny specialty operators , even in a place like New York City .
City Telecom took out a full - page ad in the South China Morning Post today , advertising its new offering with the tagline , " 1000 M : Transform your life . "
As of today , you can purchase Codemasters ' selection of four - letter racers on Steam at significantly reduced prices .
DiRT 2 is easily the best of the group , and I absolutely recommend you download it , but the others are so cheap that it might be worth it to go all - in .
DiRT 2 ( $ 9.99 )
( $ 9.99 ) DiRT ( $ 2.50 )
( $ 2.50 ) Fuel ( $ 3.74 )
( $ 3.74 ) Grid ( $ 6.24 )
( $ 6.24 ) ToCa Race Driver 3 ( $ 2.49 )
Alternatively , you can get all five titles as a bundle for $ 17.50 .
Either way , you 'll come out of this bargain with a smile on your face .
Allow me to be the voice of reason , just this once , and say you should n't buy anything you do n't actually intend to play .
I know , it 's hard to resist .
Experienced Injury Attorneys
Every day , people are injured in automobile accidents in and around the San Fernando Valley .
These accidents involve cars , trucks and other types of vehicles .
With millions of dollars collected for people injured in automobile accidents , The Law Office of Rosenstock and Azran is prepared to help you obtain the compensation you deserve .
Our accident attorneys can provide the help you need during this time of confusion .
Call us today at 818-986-2052 for a free consultation if you or a loved one has been injured by another motorist .
We Handle Every Kind of Car , Truck and Motor Vehicle Accident
The scope of our practice is immense .
We represent victims of : Car accidents
Truck accidents
Motorcycle accidents
Heavy equipment accidents
Accidents in which pedestrians are struck
We also serve clients who have been victims in accidents resulting in severe burns , amputations , paraplegia , brain injuries and wrongful death .
Let Us Work Hard for You
The Law Office of Rosenstock and Azran has been helping injury victims and their families in California for more than 30 years .
We know personal injury law and have a reputation with insurance companies as experienced and tough litigators .
People find their way to our Encino office , not far from one of the busiest intersections on Earth , where the Ventura Freeway 101 crosses Interstate 405 .
There they will meet two hardworking personal injury lawyers , dedicated to fighting for the rights of victims who have suffered injury on our streets and highways .
Our attorneys have cast their lot with the people who have suffered injuries on our freeways , streets and other venues .
We work on a contingency basis :
We only get paid when you win compensation .
We Handle Injury As Well As Property Damage Claims
When we win for you , we will take our fee from the personal injury part of the case .
We do n’t take a portion of any awards for property damage — no matter how extensive that damage may be .
Consider the Numbers and You Will Agree
Large monetary judgments are not extraordinary for us .
We have won or satisfactorily negotiated more than 2,000 serious injury cases .
We are respected by hundreds of attorneys and feared by a handful of big insurance companies .
We are The Law Office of Rosenstock and Azran , and we will fight hard for you .
Contact Our Los Angeles - Area Lawyers
When you work with us , you work with only us .
We are good listeners , shrewd strategists and tough negotiators .
Put our knowledge and experience to work seeking compensation for you .
Call 818-986-2052 or 866-96-CRASH
( 27274 ) ( toll free ) or contact us online .
We represent clients throughout Southern California , including Encino , Van Nuys , North Hollywood , Burbank and surrounding areas .
Firefox ( Windows / Linux ) : Mozilla has released a beta version of Firefox Lorentz , an update to Firefox they announced earlier this year .
Lorentz brings a Chrome - like process isolation to Firefox , containing messy plug - in crashes .
Advertisement
If you 've made the jump to Google Chrome you 're already familiar with process isolation .
In Lorentz , when a plug - in crashes you 'll receive an error — seen above layered against the Firefox logo — instead of a grueling full browser slowdown .
Currently the only default plug-ins put into Lorentz 's isolation corral are Quicktime , Flash , and Silverlight .
The defaults cover the plug-ins most people have problems with , but if you need to add a plug - in you can follow this tip shared at the Mozilla - centric blog Mozilla Links :
For example to have the Adobe Reader plugin running on its own process , create a boolean preference in about : config , name it dom.ipc.plugins.enabled.nppdf32.dll , set it to true , and restart .
For Java , the preference must be named dom.ipc.plugins.enabled.npjp2.dll .
You just need to know the name of the library ( which you get from about : plugins ) , and create the preference accordingly .
Conversely , you can disable OOPP for specific plugin ( even enabled by default ones ) by setting their respective preference to false .
Advertisement
Lorentz is beta and the only major change — though it 's a big one !— from the current release of Firefox is the inclusion of process isolation .
We did n't encounter any instability issues while using it on Windows 7 and the separate process for each instance of the restricted plug-ins definitely made browsing more enjoyable .
You can grab a copy of Firefox Lorentz for Windows or Linux at the link below .
Firefox Lorentz [ Mozilla via Mozilla Links ]
Nnimmo Bassey interviewed by Democracy Now !
( Transcript below ) .
April 21 , 2010 -- Democracy Now !
AMY GOODMAN : Among those who spoke at the opening ceremony for the World Peoples ’ Climate Conference was Nnimmo Bassey .
He ’s the prominent Nigerian environmentalist and chair of Friends of the Earth International .
By contrast , at the UN climate summit in Copenhagen in December , his group , along with several other mainstream environmental organisations , was barred from the talks .
Democracy Now !
producer Sharif Abdel Kouddous spoke with Nnimmo Bassey outside the conference gates here in Tiquipaya .
He began by asking to talk about the significance of the Bolivian summit .
NNIMMO BASSEY : I ’m here because this peoples ’ summit is the most important event in the struggle against climate change .
And it ’s been so inspiring to find people from all around the world gathered with the same objective .
We do n’t have corporate lobby — maybe they ’re hiding , but certainly they are not openly lobbying as they did in Copenhagen .
So this is a real opening for fresh breath , for peoples and governments who are sensitive about the issues to talk to one another and forge a way forward .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And you were at the Copenhagen summit , the UN summit .
Friends of the Earth was expelled , as were you .
Now you ’re here .
Your thoughts on the difference between the two ?
NNIMMO BASSEY : The difference between the two , Copenhagen and Cochabamba , is so huge .
In Copenhagen , I was kicked out , locked out a number of days .
And here , you see a real sense that government wants to speak to people , wants to listen to people .
In Copenhagen , this was not possible .
Copenhagen was the question of secret dealings in secret rooms called “ green rooms ” , which are more like grey rooms .
And there was no openness .
They asked us to raise our voices , but then they muffled us .
So this is so — the only thing that is similar between Cochabamba and Copenhagen is that both start with letter C , and they both have ten letters .
Otherwise , the difference is so huge .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And what do you think the point of this conference is ?
There ’s no binding agreement that will come out of it , and the United States and the world ’s biggest polluters are not being represented here in a government form .
What do you think is the point of the conference ?
NNIMMO BASSEY : Yeah , I think the point of this conference is not to come out with an agreement , the type that we fought for in Copenhagen , which did not happen .
The point of this is to provide a space for the environmental justice movement , for peoples ’ movements , [ inaudible ] movement , environmental movement , to take a step ahead of what they did on the streets of Copenhagen and really organise , to show that this is the real alternative , this is the real space , and the voice of the people just must be listened to .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And Africa is on the front line of climate change .
How has your continent been affected by global warming ?
NNIMMO BASSEY : You know , Africa is the most vulnerable continent .
And what came out of Copenhagen was Copenhagen Accord , with no binding agreement with suggestions about emissions cut .
Governments could do whatever they want to do .
From what I ’ve heard , the acknowledgement we got is that if Copenhagen Accord stands , we ’re going to have global temperature increase of more than four degrees , and this will mean for Africa over four degrees Centigrade .
That will mean roasting Africa , destroying African people , destroying African environment , and simply , possibly , just having a continent on the map with nobody in it .
So Africa has — we have real interest in this conference to make our case and then to get people from around the world to stand together and really , really take this struggle of climate change .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And you just came from speaking at the main inauguration rally at the stadium .
There ’s been some criticism of the Bolivian government , which is looking to expand oil and gas extraction , expand lithium extraction .
What are your thoughts about the fact that Evo Morales , the president , is hosting this conference , and yet continuing to extract raw materials which may hurt the environment ?
NNIMMO BASSEY : You know , we love Evo Morales .
We love the government of Bolivia .
The positive things that the government is doing is much — very inspiring .
But when it comes to the issue of extracting further , deepening and widening extension of fossil fuels , like gas and so on , of course that ’s also a concern .
And we believe that , like any other government , that issue , they have to struggle with .
And we are going to press for leaving the oil in the soil , coal in the hole , tar sands in the sand .
It does n’t matter which government , no matter how much we love the government , we will look at the government of Bolivia in the face and say , “ No , this is one way you should not go . ”
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
Thank you very much .
NNIMMO BASSEY : Thank you .
AMY GOODMAN : Nnimmo Bassey is the chair of Friends of the Earth International .
He was speaking yesterday at the opening of the World Peoples ’ Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth .
Mother Earth , in the Bolivian Indigenous languages of Aymara and Quechua , is Pachamama .
democracynow.org
Colin Rajah and Yasmine Brien on the World Peoples ’ Climate Conference Climate Migrants Working Group
From Justice and Ecology .
Colin Rajah is the director of the International Migration and Justice Program at the National Network for Immigrant and Refugee Rights , Oakland , California ( USA ) .
Yasmine Brien is from the organisation No Borders in the UK .
An initial translation of the final document from climate migration working group is available HERE .
Bolivian Indigenous activist : ` We must respect Mother Earth , our Pachamama '
April 20 , 2010 -- Democracy Now !
AMY GOODMAN : As we broadcast from Tiquipaya , a village in Cochabamba , we are in Bolivia .
Representatives from the world ’s biggest polluters met behind closed doors in Washington on April 19 at a meeting billed as the Major Economies Forum on Energy and Climate .
The meeting comes four months after the Copenhagen UN summit ended in failure as world leaders failed to reach a binding agreement to cut greenhouse gas emissions .
After the meeting of the biggest polluting countries , the top US climate negotiator , Todd Stern , admitted that a binding agreement may not even be possible at the next UN climate summit scheduled for December in Mexico .
Stern said , quote , “ There ’s still considerable support for the notion of a legal agreement … but I think that people are also quite cognizant of the notion that it might or might not happen ” , he said .
While the United States and other nations met behind closed doors on April 19 , a very different climate summit began here in the Bolivian town of Tiquipaya , just outside Cochabamba .
The World Peoples ’ Summit on Climate Change and Rights of Mother Earth opened here .
Bolivia 's President Evo Morales called for the gathering to give the poor and the global South an opportunity to respond to the failed climate talks in Copenhagen ...
We begin today ’s show with Peregrina Kusse Viza , a member of the Bolivian indigenous group CONAMAQ .
She served in the constituent assembly that drafted Bolivia ’s new constitution .
She spoke with Democracy Now ! ’s Mike Burke just outside the library here on campus at La Universidad del Valle , the University del Valle .
PEREGRINA KUSSE VIZA : [ translated ]
First of all , let me say hello to all of you , to all the people attending this conference .
And let me also say hello to the rest of the world .
Well , my name is Peregrina Kusse Viza .
I ’m from J’acha Carangas .
I ’m part of CONAMAQ .
Now I am here as a former member of the constituent assembly .
Today we are talking about Mother Earth , which we call the Pachamama .
We respect a lot our Mother Earth .
She is our earth .
We are the sons and daughters of that land .
The earth has given birth to us , and the water is the blood of the Mother Earth , of our Pachamama .
In ancient times , or when I was very young , there was still a lot of respect for Mother Earth .
When we started , or before the sowing season , first of all , we respected the Mother Earth with a waxt ’a .
That could be an offering of a llama or a lamb , or something had to be offered .
Then , when you start irrigating the crops , when you start using the water , then , first of all , once again , we had to bless the earth .
So , once again , we offered a llama .
And after that , we started working on the lands .
And then we started harvesting beans , onions , all types of vegetables .
But today , things have changed .
There is no longer the same respect we had before .
People , they have forgotten about Mother Earth .
They have forgotten about Pachamama and forgotten about respect for the water .
And now people — people , they want money .
We want to earn money , and we want to have a lot of money .
Before , things were very different .
That was not so .
Before , we had a lot of respect , a lot of respect , so that we would have enough to eat .
Now , people , they work in the mines , taking out gold , silver .
And to take out the gold , to wash the gold , we use a lot of chemicals .
And those chemicals , they are doing a lot of damage to the earth and also to the water , because those chemicals , they flow into the rivers and into the sea .
And in the sea , those chemicals , they damage the fish , and the fish are now having different faces .
We have seen fish that were born with the face of persons , of human beings .
So there ’s no respect anymore .
And that is why the earth and the environment , the sky , they ’re all damaged by the transnational companies .
Those transnational companies , with the smoke , they are contaminating the earth and the Pachamama .
There ’s holes in the sky , and that is not OK .
There ’s a lot of damage .
So , therefore , all of us , we have to reach an agreement , an agreement to protect the Pachamama , because , otherwise , we will be — goodbye , we will be gone .
So all of us together , we have to reach an agreement so that we can put a halt , so that we can stop those transnational companies .
They have to stop with that smoke .
That smoke is damaging our environment , so we have to stop them .
They should not continue contaminating .
At least every year they should stop one week , or they should stop working on Sundays , because now they work without stopping , 365 days a year .
The whole time they ’re contaminating .
So we have to reach an agreement for those companies to stop .
That is what I want to tell the world .
Let ’s be very much aware of this .
Let ’s respect our Mother Earth , the air and the water , because there ’s also diseases .
Few diseases are happening .
They ’re contagious diseases .
And they come from those companies .
They ’re poisoning us .
And then they send us , for example , disposable toys , tires , and everything is disposable .
It all becomes waste .
And that is contaminating our Mother Earth .
So let ’s stop that , all of us together .
All of us together , let ’s reach an agreement , and let ’s rise up against this , so that at least the earth can last a bit longer for our children and grandchildren .
Otherwise , I think that all of us will die by the year 2070 .
I do n’t know whether the world will explode or what , but something will happen .
And we have to stop that , so that we can extend the life of the earth a bit more .
This is what I want to tell the whole world .
Let ’s reach an agreement .
Let ’s be strong , all of us together , very strong .
Hayaya !
democracynow.org
North American Indigenous activists in Cochabamba
The Bolivian Indigenous activist Peregrina Kusse Viza .
She is a member of the Indigenous group CONAMAQ , and she is one of the members of the constituent assembly that wrote the Bolivian constitution .
The original content of this program is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License .
Please attribute legal copies of this work to
Indigenous Environmental Network via Climate and Capitalism
April 20 , 2010 -- Cochabamba , Bolivia — Indigenous Peoples from across North America and their allies from around the world gathered at the invitation of Bolivian President Evo Morales in Cochabamba this morning for the kick - off of an historic conference on climate change and the “ rights of Mother Earth ” .
Morales called this conference in the wake of failed climate talks in Copenhagen last year .
Over 15,000 delegates from 126 countries heard President Morales speak at the soccer stadium in the village of Tiquipaya today , and are meeting in working group sessions this week to develop strategies and make policy proposals on issues such as forests , water , climate debt and finance , which President Morales pledges to bring to the international negotiations of the COP 16 in Cancun , Mexico later this year .
The convocation this morning included a multicultural blessing ceremony by Indigenous Peoples from across the Americas , and speeches by representatives of social movements from five continents on the urgency of the climate crisis and the need for bold action that protects both human rights and the environment .
“ Indigenous rights and knowledge are crucial to addressing climate change , but the United States and Canada have not signed on to the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples , and are pushing corporate climate policy agendas that threaten our homelands and livelihoods ” , said Jihan Gearon of the Navajo Nation , Native energy organiser with the Indigenous Environmental Network .
“ We have traveled to Bolivia because President Morales has committed to bring our voices to the global stage at the next round of talks in Cancun . ”
“ President Morales has asked our recommendations on issues such as REDDs ( Reducing Emissions through Deforestation and Degradation ) ” , said Alberto Saldamando , legal counsel for the International Indian Treaty Council .
“ REDD is branded as a friendly forest conservation program , yet it is backed by big polluters .
REDD is a dangerous distraction from the root issue of fossil fuel pollution , and could mean disaster for forest - dependent Indigenous Peoples the world over . ”
“ We are here from the far north to stand in solidarity with our brothers and sisters of the [ global ] South ” , said Faith Gemmill , executive director of Resisting Environmental Destruction on Indigenous Lands ( REDOIL ) , who spoke from the stage at the invitation of President Morales .
“ We have a choice as human kind -– a path of life , or a path of destruction .
The people who can change the world are here ! ”
[ The Indigenous Environmental Network is in Cochabamba for the duration of the Climate Conference ( April 20 - 24 ) .
Onsite cell : +59 740 28531.Indigenous Environmental Network : Indigenous Peoples empowering Indigenous Nations and communities towards sustainable livelihoods , demanding environmental justice and maintaining the Sacred Fire of our traditions . ]
A tipster sent this in , and we have to say , it 's probably the best title we 've ever seen for a report .
An assistant at the office of Steve Fleishman confirmed that indeed this is real .
( Note , turns out Barry itholtz beat us to this by 24 min .
Credit where credit is due )
Doctor
Who star Matt Smith has a new mission : to boost the sci - fi show 's popularity in the US .
Matt , 27 , flies to New York this week with Karen Gillan , who plays sidekick Amy Pond , to promote the series before it begins on BBC America on April 17 .
A source said : " Doctor Who has a cult following in the States thanks to David Tennant , but bosses are really hopeful that Matt and Karen can help to make the series even bigger .
" If the Doctor can work his magic , the pair will become worldwide stars . "
The new Time Lord impressed more fans in his debut episode than his predecessor , Tennant , according to a BBC survey of 5,000 fans .
Matt 's first show scored 86 out of 100 , while Tennant 's debut , in The Christmas Invasion , got 84 , and Christopher Eccleston 's first story scored 76 .
This web site presents a list of continuous integration and DevOps tools both open source ( Jenkins , Hudson , CruiseControl , etc. ) and commercial ( TeamCity , Bamboo ) .
Today the trend is more to continuous deployment and DevOps with a process that does not only build a check a new software release but also deploy it to target platforms automatically .
However , continuous integration is still an important concept for Agile teams that deploy production releases less frequently and is also the beginning steps to reach a continuous deployment stage .
Martin Fowler defined Continuous Integration as a software development practice where members of an Agile team integrate their work frequently , usually each person integrates at least daily - leading to multiple integrations per day .
Each integration is verified by an automated build ( including test ) to detect integration errors as quickly as possible .
Many teams find that this approach leads to significantly reduced integration problems and allows a team to develop cohesive software more rapidly .
A typical continuous integration cycle
( source http://www.methodsandtools.com/tools/tools.php?hudson)
The main features of a continuous integration and DevOps tool are user and permission management , integration with source control software ( GitHub ) , integration with IDE ( Eclipse , Visual Studio ) , build configuration , parallel builds , build dependencies , remote build , multi-platform build , testing reports generation , team members notification , statistics reports , external tools ( build management , unit testing , functional testing ) integration through a plugin system .
RSF lance l’# Observatoire_19 , un outil de suivi dont l'objectif est d'évaluer les impacts de la pandémie # Covid_19 sur le journalisme .
Il documente la censure étatique , la désinformation délibérée et leurs effets sur le droit à l'information fiable .
↓
https://t.co/Dycke89pH9
https://t.co/ruSSNnt0l0
The owner of the controversially plated and tarted - up pickup is incensed , claiming his license plate is n't a coded white supremacist message as Virginia claims .
Nope , it 's a tribute to Dale Earnhardt , Jr. and Tony Stewart , his favorite NASCAR drivers .
Update !
Advertisement
America , Truck Yeah !
Sometimes , no matter how hard you try , other people are bound and determined to make the world a… Read more
The owner of the F - 150 pickup truck with a graphic - embellished tailgate of the World Trade Center many outlets have called racist has now been unhooded as Doug Story , who told The Washington Post " There is absolutely no way I 'd have anything to do with Hitler or Nazis . "
He also claims some of his family is Jewish and the " 88 " and " 14 " — numbers used by some white supremacists as codes for racist propaganda — refer to Dale , Jr. and Tony Stewart .
This almost makes you feel a little sorry for the way people made assumptions about him based on a tiny snippet of information ... until you read the rest of the Post 's story .
He says he does n't know who took the photo of his truck , in a handicapped parking spot , that became a viral sensation on the Web .
" Probably someone who obviously has a soft spot for Islam , " he said , pronouncing the word " I - slam , " " because if you pronounce it ' Ih - slahm , ' it 's not disparaging enough . "
Advertisement
Clearly , it was crazy anyone thought Mr. Story might be bigoted in any way .
UPDATE :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The public Facebook page for a Doug Story from the same city with the same job as the truck owner begs to differ .
Doug Story 's favorite book ?
" My Awakening " by former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke about racial separation .
His bio ?
100 % WHITE MAN , 100 % ARYAN , 100 % PRO - LIFE ( Children are innocent ) , 100 % PRO DEATH PENALTY ( Criminal Scum are n't innocent ) .
Over the past 28 years ; I , like David Duke , have had an Awakening .
Advertisement
Contradicting his assertion he wants nothing to do with Nazis , the link at the bottom of his Facebook page is to a membership profile on the white - separatist social media site NewSaxon , an " online community for whites by whites . "
The site features numerous swastikas and references and links to the National Socialist ( Neo - Nazi ) Movement .
UPDATE 2 : In case there was any doubt of the true meaning behind his license plate , commenter Tychoides shares this capture from a discussion where someone with the same username as the one listed on Doug Story 's Facebook page goes into detail about what 14/88 actually means .
Advertisement
UPDATE 3 : Story removed his Facebook page and updated his status with this via a FARK user :
Advertisement
So remember folks , if you want him to " friend you " first you 'll have to prove why he wants to know you .
Perhaps he seeks some sort of coded message ?
Advertisement
UPDATE 4 : The Washington Post follows up with Doug Story , who claims he 's a white nationalist and not a white supremacist .
He also ignores the mounting evidence to the contrary and sticks by his NASCAR claim explaining :
" Southern white men .
Southern white sport .
What else needs to be said ? "
( Hat tip to Pepito ! )
[ Wahington Post ]
Anyone following the commits in the kde svn repo will notice that there has been some action on the mobile front in KDE PIM over the last few months .
We reported from our annual meeting in Osnabrück that we would be working to get a PIM stack based on KDE and Akonadi onto Maemo and WinCE devices with the benefits and features that Kontact and the rest of KDEPIM brings desktop users today in stable versions of KDE PIM .
The target is a suite of Free Software PIM applications enabling strong encryption and privacy features along with separation of data to different contexts , for example work and home email and contacts .
The solution must be flexible to multiple access and transfer protocols , and to multiple types of data as well as being realistically fast .
The framework for the PIM platform is of course provided by Akonadi .
This project is the result of a collaboration of KDAB , ( my employer ) with Intevation , crypto specialists G10 Code , and interaction specialists Apliki known to KDE for recent usability testing work on KMail icons .
Recently a milestone of readonly functionality prototypes was reached for all target applications , so I can start to show them off .
It is important to keep in mind that visual completeness was not a target up to now , so all applications will likely change visually as we work towards finished software .
[ OGG link ]
In this video I use and kmail - mobile , kaddressbook - mobile , korganizer - mobile to access data on a remote Kolab server , the same that my desktop connects to .
Much of the UI layer is implemented in QML , and the gestures support allows the use of swipe actions to for example expand slider panels on the side , flick through lists and go to next and previous items .
The screenshots below are from my workstation which has different proportions to the phone , but shows the functionality more clearly if you can’t hold it in your hand .
Much of the code implementing the mobile application functionality is shared with the desktop versions of the applications .
We estimated before that it should be possible to share up to 80 % of the code between them .
Of course , should does not mean * will * , but sometimes it can . 🙂
Share this : Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Thousands of Paraguayan farmers raised their clubs , fists and placards into the air while marching through the streets of Asunción , the capital city , on Thursday , March 25 .
The farmers demanded that President Fernando Lugo follow through on his campaign promises for agrarian reform .
After a year and a half in office , Lugo ’s failures to meet such demands have led various farmer organizations to directly oppose his administration .
Source : Toward Freedom
Thousands of Paraguayan farmers raised their clubs , fists and placards into the air while marching through the streets of Asunción , the capital city , on Thursday , March 25 .
The farmers demanded that President Fernando Lugo follow through on his campaign promises for agrarian reform , including the distribution of land to poor farmers , and access to health care , education , better homes and roads for rural communities .
After a year and a half in office , Lugo ’s failures to meet such demands have led various farmer organizations to directly oppose his administration .
“ We ca n’t speak of change if 80 % of the fertile land in the country is in the hands of 1 % of the population , while 85 % of the campesinos [ small farmers ] have access to only 6 % of all the land , ” National Campesino Federation ( FNC ) general secretary Odilón Espínola told Efe .
The situation in rural Paraguay is dire ; 38 % of the country ’s population lives under the poverty line , and most of this sector is based in rural areas .
Paraguay has one of the most unequal distributions of land in the world , and the rapidly expanding soy industry is making matters worse .
Participants in the March 25 mobilization also focused demands on the soy industry , which is directly linked to their displacement and marginalization .
For years , large soy producers have been displacing small farmers through violence and intimidation .
The toxic pesticides soy producers use have had terrible health effects on small farmers who live near the soy fields , while also poisoning their water sources , and killing crops and livestock .
Campesino leader Espínola told Europa Press that Lugo has continued the “ same discourse [ as previous presidents ] and has not followed through on his promises to realize agrarian reform . ”
Since the end of the dictatorship in 1989 , Espínola said that “ no government has responded to the needs of the campesinos . ”
Responding to the marchers , President Lugo told Telesur , “ Unfortunately we have n’t been able to execute [ agrarian reform ] at the speed that we hoped to , but it is moving forward at a slow speed , and we have prioritized these demands . ”
If the demands of the marchers are not met , campesino leader Marcial Gómez told Reuters that they would have to resort to their standard strategies of direct action .
Without a response from Lugo , “ We do n’t have any other choice but to resort to other means used in our historic struggle such as the occupation of lands and the blockading of highways if we want to obtain a small piece of land to work on . ”
***
Benjamin Dangl is the author of The Price of Fire : Resource Wars and Social Movements in Bolivia ( AK Press ) and the forthcoming book Dancing with Dynamite : Social Movements and States in Latin America ( AK Press ) .
He is the editor of TowardFreedom.com , a progressive perspective on world events and UpsideDownWorld.org , a website on activism and politics in Latin America .
Email : Bendangl ( at) gmail( dot ) com
Down by a run against East Longmeadow in the top of the seventh , West Springfield 's Dan Jonah stood on second base as the potential tying run .
He got his chance to score when his teammate Rob Mangini sent a line drive into the outfield .
As Jonah was rounding third , he tripped and it seemed that he would surely be caught in a run down .
But somehow , Jonah was able to dive over East Longmeadow catcher Mike Barthelette and touch his hands safely on home .
The run tied the game and ultimately allowed it to go to an 8th inning , where West Springfield was able to take the lead and win the game .
www.drupalcampnashville.com
This domain is parked courtesy of Rebel Media , Inc . !
Sen .
Tom Harkin told POLITICO that Senate Democratic leaders have decided to go the reconciliation route .
The House , he said , will first pass the Senate bill after Senate leaders demonstrate to House leaders that they have the votes to pass reconciliation in the Senate .
Harkin made the comments after a meeting in Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's office including Harkin and Sens.
Baucus , Dodd , Durbin , Schumer and Murray .
When asked whether the leaders had made the decision , Durbin said : " We are moving ahead with a version of the health care reform bill that we believe has a good chance of passing both the House and the Senate . "
He then put the onus on House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to signal whether she can provide enough votes to pass the Senate bill , followed by a package of fixes through reconciliation .
" The first step is with Speaker Pelosi and so I will let her decide what it takes in the House , " Durbin said .
Reconciliation " has always been an option .
But she has to make her own decision on what it takes to enact this in the House , " he added .
Durbin said Democrats are " coming to closure " on legislative language to send to the Congressional Budget Office for a cost estimate -- a step that can take weeks .
" It has not been sent yet , but we are hoping it can be sent soon . "
It remains unclear what kind of guarantee the Senate can provide to the House that the upper chamber will make fixes to the bill , Durbin said .
" I do n't know what the gesture will be but it will be a convincing gesture , " he said .
Manu Raju with Carrie Budoff Brown
comments closed
permalink
While national unemployment has begun to stabilize , several cities have n't seen any improvement at all .
Courtesy of the BLS , here are the 15 - worst cities in America that are n't in California .
From time to time a service launches that makes us wish the aliens would hurry up and erase us all from the planet .
No , not Chatroulette .
We 're talking about GameCrush , a new service for Xbox gamers ( and web gamers ) that enables you to chat with girls while waggling your analogue stick .
The idea is simple enough .
Instead of logging on for multiplayer with a bunch of 14 - year - old boys who'll bore you senseless and call you a " fag " , you can log on to play with - and talk to - a girl instead .
You may be wondering what 's in it for her .
The answer , as you 've probably guessed already , is cash .
GameCrush 's PlayDates , as they 're called , earn up to $ 30 per hour .
PlayDates " can have fun , talk trash , do all the things you 'd normally do playing games online - only now you 're getting paid for it ! "
Hmmm .
Paying women to talk to you ?
Is n't that what the ads for HOT GRANNY ACTION in the back of movie magazines and men's magazines are for ?
Apparently not .
GameCrush 's ethos is much purer than that .
It 's designed to engage the brain , not engorge the groin .
That 's why the girls can choose to offer chats ranging from " flirty " to " dirty " or , if they 're feeling particularly empowered , " flirty and dirty " .
It 's why " for online casual games you 'll need a webcam " , and why " because of this video component , these games pay a bit more than Xbox Live games . "
We bet they do .
Assuming the whole thing is n't an Onion - style gag , it 's all rather depressing and tawdry .
We 're particularly baffled by the thought process behind it , because the Xbox games mentioned are n't of the Dead Or Alive Xtreme variety , where scantily - clad lovelies bounce around on a beach , or Mass Effect 2 , which has the odd romantic subplot ( or plenty of opportunity to scan planets for minerals if you just want to make the controller vibrate like crazy ) .
Either choice would be pretty weird , but at least they 'd make some kind of sense .
But according to the games you 'll be sharing with your PlayDate , on Xbox at least , are first - person shooters .
According to the site , the Xbox games GameCrush will support at launch are games " including Call of Duty 4 , Gears of War 2 , Grand Theft Auto IV and Halo " .
Is it just us , or is there something deeply disturbing about having " flirty and dirty " chat with someone when you 're busy shooting people in the face ?
Is n't that in the same territory as calling sex lines while wearing people 's skins as a coat ?
And anyway , it 's far too expensive .
Irish Film and Television Network » TV » TV News
the Website Directory List Festivals Who 's Who Locations Filmography News Crew Actors
How frustrating to be the mayor of a small town without good broadband access today .
Imagine trying to entice businesses or entrepreneurs to a region where the best Internet option is the slow DSL most of us discarded nearly a decade ago for faster speeds .
The “ broadband market ” in much of the US happily provides snail - speed connections at inflated prices when compared to many of our peer nations .
Cable and telephone companies see little reason to upgrade these networks — the low population density does not lend itself to quickly recovering investments .
Recognizing the disconnect between the best interests of distant shareholders and the best interest of their community , cities across the US have built their own networks , taking a page from the thousands of small cities that built their own electricity networks a century ago when private utilities ignored them .
Lafayette , Louisiana is a good example .
The city begged its incumbents to beef up local broadband networks and was rebuffed .
This Cajun country community decided to build its own next - generation network .
The incumbents argued that the households and businesses of Lafayette had all the broadband they needed and sued to stop the city .
This year , after years of litigation , the victorious city began connecting customers to LUS Fiber .
LUS Fiber may offer the best broadband value in the country , offering a true 10 M bps symmetrical connection for $ 29 / month .
Those wanting the 50 M bps symmetrical connection have to pony up just $ 58 / month — about what I pay to my cable provider in Saint Paul for " up to " 16/2 speeds .
Unsurprisingly , the cable incumbent has now decided Lafayette is a priority and will be upgraded to DOCSIS 3.0 to offer faster tiers .
This same story has played out in communities across the country — see previous Ars coverage of the Monticello v. TDS battle that resulted in true broadband competition in that Minnesota town .
Barriers
Lafayette and Monticello were lucky because they had the power to build a digital network .
Many communities do not .
The Institute for Local Self - Reliance , where I am a researcher , compiled a basic map of the United States showing states that have enacted barriers to these community networks .
Municipal networks restriction map
Eighteen states impose some barriers to community broadband .
Texas , Arkansas , Missouri , and Nebraska have an outright ban .
Other states erect administrative and procedural hurdles that make it difficult for communities to invest in a full - service network .
Though Monticello and Lafayette have succeeded in spite of barriers , many other communities are unable to persevere , and watch their younger generation leave for modern opportunities elsewhere .
As I ’ve already noted , communities have fought this fight before — when electricity was only available to the urban and affluent .
Profit - maximizing companies not only refused to build the grid to low - profit areas but argued those areas should not be permitted to wire themselves .
Fortunately , FDR saw things differently :
I therefore lay down the following principle :
That where a community — a city or county or a district — is not satisfied with the service rendered or the rates charged by the private utility , it has the undeniable basic right , as one of its functions of Government , one of its functions of home rule , to set up , after a fair referendum to its voters has been had , its own governmentally owned and operated service .
We need FDR to remind us that we are discussing the basic right of a community to invest in its future .
Communities must not be held hostage by an absentee company that knows it can overcharge and under - invest without consequence .
Wireless is nice for mobility , but does not threaten the wired monopoly or duopoly .
These networks — particularly full fiber - optic networks — are natural monopolies .
There is no natural “ market ” any more than one could imagine a competitive market in streets or metro airports .
This is infrastructure — the foundation for many other markets .
Are public networks a failure ?
Why then , do one in three states discourage community - owned networks ?
Telecommunications companies — particularly those awash in revenues from mobile phones — can throw an overwhelming number of contributions , lobbyists , and “ think tank ” reports at legislators to convince them to ban or restrict publicly owned networks .
Few legislators have a background in telecom and those that do typically come from industry .
Christopher Mitchell
Industry - funded think tanks have produced many reports claiming publicly owned networks are failures .
Their methodology is suspect — equating long - term investments in next - generation networks with lost money .
Using this methodology , any homeowner who fails to completely pay off his mortgage within a few years has failed .
The truth is that publicly owned networks do quite well .
Communities typically borrow from outside investors to build the network and pay off the loans over a 15 - 20 year period with revenues from phone , television , and broadband services ( for wired networks ) .
These networks have eased telecom budgets ( e.g. by increasing speed to schools while dramatically cutting costs ) and encouraged economic development .
Nationally , they average high take rates — a measure of how many people take service on the network .
State barriers to publicly owned broadband networks may benefit monopolistic cable and telephone companies but can cripple communities within those states .
Of course , such policies also give a competitive edge to cities in other states who have moved ahead .
“ Actually , ” says Lafayette ’s Republican Mayor , Joey Durel , “ I often say with tongue firmly planted in cheek that I hope that the other 49 states do outlaw what we are doing .
Then I will ask them to send their technology companies to Lafayette where we will welcome them with open arms and a big pot of gumbo . ”
Christopher Mitchell , christopher@newrules.org , heads the Telecommunications as Commons Initiative at the Institute for Local Self - Reliance in Minneapolis , MN , and maintains www.MuniNetworks.org.
“ If they ’re too big to fail , they ’re too big , ” he said in an October speech .
He added : “ In 1911 , we broke up Standard Oil .
So what happened ?
The individual parts became more valuable than the whole .
Maybe that ’s what we need . ”
In January , the White House embraced a proposal by Mr. Volcker that would ban banks that take customer deposits from running their own proprietary trading operations , or making market bets with their own money .
It would also limit the share of all financial liabilities that any one institution can hold — besides deposits — but it would be up to regulators to set the limit .
A federal law enacted in 1994 already addresses size by restricting any bank from holding more than 10 percent of the nation ’s deposits , although several of the largest banks have been granted waivers from that requirement or used loopholes to evade its intent .
The Volcker proposal resembled an amendment by Representative Paul E. Kanjorski , Democrat of Pennsylvania , that would let regulators dismantle financial companies so large , interconnected or risky that their failure would jeopardize the entire system .
The amendment was part of a regulatory overhaul that the House adopted in December , largely along party lines , and is also in the Senate version in a modified form .
At a hearing on Tuesday about the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers , which caused credit markets to seize up in September 2008 , the Fed chairman , Ben S. Bernanke , reiterated that his preference was to limit the risky behavior of banks rather than break them up .
“ Through capital , through restrictions in activities , through liquidity requirements , through executive compensation , through a whole variety of mechanisms , it ’s important that we limit excessive risk - taking , particularly when the losses are effectively borne by the taxpayer , ” Mr. Bernanke said .
But when Mr. Kanjorski pressed him on whether regulators should be allowed to break up big banks , he replied , “ It ’s something that would be , on the whole , constructive . ”
Poor pastor Bob Botsford .
His god is dead .
I had never heard of pastor Bob until I accidently tuned in to Larry King Live on Friday to find him talking with Bob and a very calm , cool , and collected Jennifer Knapp .
Knapp , once an award - winning Christian music sensation has recently grabbed headlines for coming out as a lesbian .
Of course , being a lesbian does n’t really jibe with the whole Christian music scene — but Knapp is back with a new album , and a new commitment to live openly and honestly .
Unfortunately for her , she was mismatched on King ’s show with Pastor Bob , and inexplicably with Ted Haggard — the heterosexual with “ homosexual attachments ” ( wonder which drawer he keeps those in ! ) — for a conversation on whether or not she could really be both gay and Christian .
King , to his credit , pressed pastor Bob on questions over whether or not being gay is a choice ( pastor Bob said he chose to be straight because he fell in love with a girl , so Knapp must have chosen since she fell in love with a girl , too ) , and whether or not it can be considered a sin .
Botsford , who is the senior pastor at Horizon Christian Fellowship in San Diego , unfortunately paints himself into quite a corner when King quizzed him over things considered sinful in the Bible that we all do these days :
KING : You paint the picture .
Your — in the Old Testament — I ’m not a Biblical scholar — you ca n’t eat shellfish .
Do you eat shellfish ?
BOTSFORD : Absolutely .
KING : You ’re a sinner .
BOTSFORD : No I ’m not .
There are some things , Larry , that are very important to keep in context here .
Although there are verses in the Book of Leviticus that say do n’t eat shellfish , do n’t wear clothes that have different materials on it , things that Jennifer has mentioned in the article that she has given in the news coming out — you know what , God changed his mind on shellfish .
KING : When did he do that ?
BOTSFORD : There is a wonderful passage — KNAPP : God changed his mind on mankind .
And he gave his savior for one and for all .
BOTSFORD : He changed his mind , if I can finish , in Acts Chapter 10 , to answer your question , Larry , on shellfish .
And Cornelius has this amazing enlightenment , as Peter has this vision of the lord saying eat whatever you want .
KING : Peter may have been hungry .
No pun intended .
BOTSFORD : There is this grace that comes upon all of us no longer to live by the law of the Old Testament .
But when you get to the issue of homosexuality , he does n’t change his mind on that .
It flows over into the New Testament as powerfully as it was in the Old Testament .
KING : Peter gets a vision about shellfish .
What if Ted gets a vision about homosexuality that says , since it ’s not a choice , and as long as a person is observant and good , it is no longer a sin .
You will not believe Ted ?
BOTSFORD : God did n’t use
Ted to write the scriptures .
And the scriptures that have been written are the scriptures that I go by .
KING : Nothing is being written today ?
BOTSFORD : Absolutely not .
KING : Done .
As a pastor in the United Church of Christ , I believe that God is still speaking — that means that God does speak outside of the written text and that God is capable of doing a new thing ( Isaiah 43:19 ) because God is still alive and moving in the world — and yes , God can even change his ( or her ) mind from time to time .
However , if we follow pastor Bob ’s logic that the only time God changes his mind is when something from the Old Testament is overturned or not mentioned in the New Testament , we come into some sticky territory .
Let ’s take slavery as one example .
In the Old Testament , there are plenty of rules for slaves and slavery is obviously acceptable to God .
Flip over into the New Testament and you ’ll find slavery reaffirmed .
God has not changed his mind on slavery .
Colossians 4:1 , for example , admonishes masters to treat slaves justly — but never to free them .
Similarly , Titus 2:9 commands slaves to be submissive to their masters and to satisfy them and not steal from them — again , there ’s no mention that the slave should be given freedom .
So , by pastor Bob ’s logic , God never changed his mind on slavery , so freeing slaves was sinful and against God ’s command .
Take the issue of women .
In the Old Testament , women are no more than property , passed down like inheritance from father to son .
They are not permitted in leadership roles , they cannot initiate divorce , and they cannot take multiple spouses like men can .
This status , too , is affirmed in the New Testament .
Women cannot be leaders and must learn in silence and submission ; and they can never “ teach or have authority over men ” ( 1 Timothy 2:11 - 12 ) .
Women are to be submissive to their husbands and keep silent in the church .
God has not changed his ( decidedly his ) mind on this issue .
So , granting women equal rights , granting them ordination or positions of authority over men is sinful and against God ’s command .
Those are just two examples of how we , as a society , have gone against God ’s written word , in both the Old Testament and the New Testament .
If pastor Bob truly believes that the scriptures have been closed and God has said all God is going to say on every single matter of history , then his god is as dead as the pages in his Bible .
What pastor Bob clearly worships is the Bible , and it turns his love for Knapp ( which he proclaims over and over again ) into nothing but a clanging cymbal .
For all those who wish to claim that God reaffirmed the “ sin ” of homosexuality because it ’s condemned in both Testaments have some explaining to do on why they ’re not out there agitating to own slaves and to return women to status of property as well .
The “ God reaffirmed it ” argument does n’t hold water and is merely an intellectual sounding argument for continuing to hold onto bigotry .
Botsford is n’t done in his mangling of the Bible , however .
In the final defense of his dead and speechless god comes this :
BOTSFORD : In fact , in the Book of Revelation , we ’re told that there is a blessing upon those that keep what is written in this book , and a curse upon anyone who would add to it or take away from it .
Pastor Bob , let me give you a quick history lesson .
The book of Revelation is just that — a book .
When it was written it was not part of a larger canon known as “ The Bible . ”
It was a book , on its own , without other books around it .
When it says to not add or take away any words from “ this book ” it only means do n’t add or subtract from the book of Revelation — not from some book called “ The Bible ” that did not exist at the time of the writing of Revelation .
Context , pastor Bob , context .
Revelation is talking about Revelation — not a book that did n’t exist when the writer wrote it .
Bless Jennifer Knapp , who held her own in this whole ridiculous discussion .
I find it loathsome that King and his producers would even think it ’s fair to her to bring someone like Botsford , let alone Haggard , on to “ balance ” the conversation with her .
There is no “ balance ” to this conversation .
Botsford wants to make this a conversation about abstract morality , where it ’s easy to condemn gays and lesbians as people just “ choosing ” to live a “ lifestyle ” that they can change like underwear .
What King and everyone else in the media fails to understand is that this is not a “ two - side ” issue .
This is an issue about human beings and how we treat them .
Putting Knapp in this situation is n’t just bad journalism , it ’s immoral — it ’s sinful .
She should not have to face down bigots like Botsford anymore than Rep.
John Lewis should have to debate a member of the Ku Klux Klan every time he goes on television .
There is no “ other side ” argument to homosexuality , there is simply homophobia that needs to be dispelled and anti-gay people who need to be educated .
The biggest surprise of the interview for me , though , came when I found myself agreeing with Ted Haggard :
I believe Jesus was very clear and the scriptures were very clear when they say the command is to love .
The command that covers them all , predominant , “ love the lord , your God , with all your heart , soul , mind , and strength .
Love your neighbor as yourself . ”
And so — so , love is the predominant thing .
God is love .
The scripture says Jesus displays how to do this .
Jesus warns religious leaders , strongly , that we must not use the scriptures to point our fingers at other people without letting the fingers point at us as well .
Amen , Ted … amen .
The group that manages US presidential election debates says it will take steps to bring order to the final two contests between Donald Trump and Joe Biden , following widespread criticism .
Thirty - three people were killed Monday on the campus of Virginia Tech in what appears to be the deadliest shooting rampage in American history , according to federal law enforcement officials .
Many of the victims were students shot in a dorm and a classroom building .
“ Today , the university was struck with a tragedy that we consider of monumental proportions , ” said the university ’s president , Charles Steger .
The campus police chief said this evening that 15 people were wounded by the gunman , although there were other reports of higher numbers of injuries .
Witnesses described scenes of mass chaos and unimaginable horror as some students were lined up against a wall and shot .
Others jumped out of windows to escape , or crouched on floors to take cover .
The killings occurred in two separate attacks on the campus in Blacksburg , Va .
The first took place around 7:15 a.m. , when two people were shot and killed at a dormitory .
More than two and a half hours later , 31 others , including the gunman , were shot and killed across campus in a classroom building , where some of the doors had been chained .
Victims were found in different locations around the building .
The first attack started as students were getting ready for classes or were on their way there .
The university did not evacuate the campus or notify students of that attack until several hours later .
As the rampage unfolded , details emerged from witnesses describing a gunman going room to room in a dormitory , Ambler Johnston Hall , and of gunfire later at Norris Hall , a science and engineering classroom building .
When it was over , even sidewalks were stained with blood .
Among those dead was the gunman , whose body was found along with victims in Norris Hall .
“ Norris Hall is a tragic and sorrowful crime scene , ” said the campus police chief at Virginia Tech , Wendell Flinchum .
Chief Flinchum said the gunman took his own life .
He said at a televised news briefing Monday evening that the police had a preliminary identification of the suspected gunman but were not yet ready to release it .
He said the gunman was not a student .
According to a federal law enforcement official , the gunman did not have identification and could not be easily identified visually because of the severity of an apparently self - inflicted wound to the head .
He said investigators were trying to trace purchase records for two handguns found near the body .
At televised news conferences Monday afternoon and Monday evening , Chief Flinchum and Mr. Steger tried to explain why authorities did not act to secure the rest of the campus immediately after the first shooting .
Chief Flinchum said that initially officials thought that the shooting was “ domestic , ” suggesting that it was between individuals who knew each other , and isolated to the dormitory .
He said the campus was not shut down after the first shooting because authorities thought that the attacker may have left the campus , or even the state .
“ We knew we had two people shot , ” he said .
“ We secured the building .
We secured the crime scene . ”
He later added : “ We acted on the best information we had at the time . ”
Chief Flinchum said officers initially began investigating a “ person of interest ” as a result of the dormitory shootings .
The person , a man , was described as a friend of one of the dorm victims , but Chief Flinchum said the police had not detained him .
Image Emergency workers carried people from Norris Hall on the campus of Virginia Tech in Blacksburg , Va. , on Monday after a gunman killed 32 people .
Credit ...
Alan Kim / The Roanoke Times , via Associated Press
At 9:45 , the police got another 911 call about shootings at Norris Hall , just as university officials were meeting to discuss the first shootings .
“ We were actually having a meeting about the earlier shootings when we learned that another shooting was under way , ” Mr. Steger told reporters Monday night .
By the time officers arrived , the shooting had stopped and the gunman had killed himself , the chief said .
The police appeared to believe that the two shootings were related , but said they could not confirm that until they had the results of a ballistics analysis .
A parent of one student , Elaine Goss , said her son Alec Calhoun , a junior engineering major , jumped out a second - story window in Norris Hall when the gunman entered his classroom .
She said that she first spoke to her son , “ I could n’t understand him ; it was like gibberish . ”
“ It took a while to figure out shootings , lots of shootings , and that his whole class had jumped out the window , ” she said .
Ms. Goss said her son hurt his back in the jump and went to a hospital .
Another student , Jessica Paulson , said she was on the fourth floor at Ambler Johnston Hall when the shootings occurred on the opposite side of the floor .
“ You could hear two shots , ” one followed shortly by a second , recounted Ms. Paulson , who was preparing to go to an early class .
Neither she nor most of the other students nearby understood what had happened until several hours later .
At least 17 Virginia
Tech students were being treated for gunshot wounds and other injuries at Montgomery Regional Hospital , and four of them were in surgery , according to a hospital spokesman .
At Lewis - Gale Medical Center in Salem , Va. , four students and a staff member were treated for injuries .
Two were in stable condition , and the conditions of the other three were described as “ undetermined . ”
Officials said there may have been more injured and taken to other medical facilities .
The university has more than 25,000 full - time students on a campus that is spread over 2,600 acres .
The atmosphere on the Virginia Tech campus was desolate and preternaturally quiet by Monday afternoon .
Students gathered in small groups , some crying , some talking quietly and others consoling each other .
Some students complained that they had not been notified of the first shooting on campus for more than two hours .
Kirsten Bernhards , 18 , said she and many other students had no idea that a shooting had occurred when she left her dorm room in O’Shaughnessy
Hall shortly before 10 a.m. , more than two hours after the first shootings .
“ I was leaving for my 10:10 film class , ” she said .
“ I had just locked the door and my neighbor said , ‘ Did you check your e-mail ? ’ ”
The university had , a few minutes earlier , sent out a bulletin warning students about an apparent gunman .
But few students seemed to have any sense of urgency .
Ms. Bernhards said she walked toward her class , preoccupied with an upcoming exam and listening to music on her iPod .
On the way , she said , she heard some loud cracks , and only later concluded they had been gunshots from the second round of shootings .
The stars ' love match has been clouded by controversy Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik 's marriage to Indian tennis star Sania Mirza is back on track after he reportedly divorced another woman .
Community elders in the Indian city of Hyderabad helped broker the divorce in talks that went on through the night .
The family of Malik 's first wife Ayesha Siddiqui have now withdrawn charges against him over his wedding plans .
There was no immediate comment from Malik or Mirza .
He had accused the Siddiqui family of deceiving him .
He also alleged that the marriage certificate presented by the family had been a fake .
The unusual cross - border romance has captivated the people of India and Pakistan , long - time rivals .
' Honourable exit ' Malik arrived in Hyderabad , where both women live , on Saturday ahead of his marriage to Sania Mirza which is planned for 15 April .
Divorce papers have been signed - the settlement is done
Farisa , mother of Ayesha Siddiqui
Twists in celebrity love match On Monday , police questioned him after Ayesha Siddiqui , an Indian Muslim woman , said she was already married to him .
They seized his passport and told him to stay in India until they had investigated the matter .
Wednesday saw the drama take a new twist .
Community elder Imran Qadri told reporters that after prolonged deliberations between the two families and community elders , Malik had granted a divorce to Ayesha Siddiqui , thus admitting he had married her .
" It has been an honourable exit for both sides , " Mr Qadri said .
Ayesha Siddiqui's mother , Farisa , said : " Justice has been done .
Ayesha is relieved and very happy .
" My daughter 's wish is granted - she wanted divorce without any monetary settlement .
I am very happy that finally Shoaib granted her the divorce . "
Malik had earlier said he met Ms Siddiqui on the internet and married her over the telephone , which is valid under Islamic law .
But he claimed that the photographs she had sent him were of someone else and therefore his marriage was illegal .
Sania Mirza , 23 , and Shoaib Malik , 28 , announced their wedding last week .
The tennis star broke off a previous engagement earlier this year .
While celebrations will be held in both countries , the couple plan to live in Dubai and will continue to represent their respective countries in international sporting ties .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yesterday , Jesse Walker noted that Arizona 's Tea Party seems to have rallied around opposition to immigration , and invited the poster thug for overly aggressive law enforcement , Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio , to keynote the group 's Tax Day rally .
In a similar vein , the libertarian writer Jim Bovard visited a Maryland Tea Party on Tax Day , and found little more than a different variety of authoritarianism :
… there is scant evidence that most tea partyers have studied the copies of the Constitution they generously hand out to bystanders .
At a Tax Day tea party in Rockville , Md. , the speaking venue was draped with a huge banner : " Tired of Big Government ? "
Members of the " Tyranny Response Team " stood near the front of the rally with their official blue T - shirts .
Giant American flags and ones with " Do n't Tread on Me " ( with a coiled rattlesnake ) were carried around by men with tri-corn hats .
Political campaigns busily sold " 9/11 Remembrance " bracelets .
And yet , the crowd of 300 seemed most outraged that the US government is not being sufficiently aggressive in using its power .
Ken Timmerman , the author of " Preachers of Hate : Islam and the War on America " and other hawkish books , declaimed that the US government must take every step to stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons …
Running through a litany of President Obama 's greatest failings , Timmerman denounced him for forcing US agents to " stop using enhanced interrogation methods .
Has that made us safer ? "
" No ! " the crowd hollered indignantly .
Jeffrey Kuhner , a local talk - show host , sneered that Obama " has found his inner Muslim " and raged against his bowing to foreign leaders and kings .
He complained that Obama has " taken over college loans , " and warned that illegal immigrants could be " the shock troops of Obama 's socialist revolution . "
The crowd ate it up .
One of the MCs gushed about how he and everyone else in the crowd loved the police .
There was not a word spoken about the video released earlier that week showing a nearby horrendous police beating of an innocent University of Maryland college student .
The rally featured a string of Republican candidates praising fiscal responsibility and denouncing the national debt .
One would have thought that it had been 50 years , rather than 15 months , since the Republicans controlled the White House .
There was almost no dissent from any of the 300 attendees .
One 50 - something man in a faded green T - shirt walked around with a handmade sign declaring , " Stop the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan – Bring Our Troops Home Now ! "
He told me that almost no one he'd talked agreed with his message …
Much more in tune with the crowd was the 20 - something woman carrying a sign : " PROUD to be the Military Super Power . " …
None of the speakers criticized the warrantless wiretaps that the National Security Agency began during the Bush administration .
The feds ' vacuuming up thousands of Americans ' phone calls and e-mails without a warrant seems to be a nonissue for these folks .
Perhaps some tea party leaders hope that Republicans will soon be in position to use such powers to surveil the left …
If tea party activists cannot vigorously oppose torture and other high crimes , then counting on them to stalwartly resist any government policy that does n't mulct their paycheck is folly .
America needs real champions of freedom – not poorly informed Republican accomplices .
Either tea partyers should become more principled or they should ditch their Gadsden flags and wear T - shirts of the lobbying group that organizes the rally they attend .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Around 2:30 am on King Street
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Part one : Quasi - group up with someone / some people .
I prefer a group of at least one guy and at least one girl , but I settled for you last night .
I keep the perfect distance from my quasi - group .
Far enough back so that you can't easily get me , but close enough so that if shit goes down , you can hear me struggle or scream and ( hopefully ) come help .
Part two : the raptor claw .
You played no role in this part of the strategy , but I thought I 'd share so you can fully appreciate what you were unknowingly involved in last night .
I make a fist and put my house key in between my fingers and backed up to my palm .
Like a stealthy raptor , I plan to stab an attacker with my killer claw .
Secretly , I always take a couple of practice raptor claw strikes and sometime roar in my head .
You have no idea how entertaining this is when you 're drunk .
I do n't expect you to respond .
I sure as hell would n't if some crazy girl talked about being a dinosaur .
I just thought you deserved an explanation since you might have prevented an attack .
A raptor attack .
ROAR
( CNN ) --
One of Uganda 's last remaining kings turned 18 in a boisterous four - day ceremony that ended Sunday and allowed him to take full control of his kingdom in the western part of the country .
King
Oyo is among the world 's youngest reigning monarchs .
He ascended to the throne at age 3 after his father died in 1995 .
As a minor , kingdom officials had appointed a board of advisers to help him rule .
The board was disbanded to mark his birthday , which means the teen can now make major kingdom decisions on his own without consulting with his advisers .
" He needs to use this opportunity to help us help ourselves , " said Sarah Namara , 25 .
" He has a lot of work to do especially in ensuring people our age have businesses opportunities . "
The high school student -- whose full name is Oyo Nyimba Kabamba Iguru Rukidi IV -- rules over about 2 million people in the largely impoverished Tooro kingdom .
He also oversees a Cabinet that includes a prime minister , board of regents and councilmen .
For his coming of age , his subjects gave him a spear -- a symbol of his role as their protector .
His mother , Queen Best Kemigisa , gave him a Mercedes Benz .
Turning 18 is " a huge responsibility , " the king said earlier this year .
" But I have a lot of support from my mother , my sister and others , so I know I can do it . "
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni , one of his former advisers , also attended the events .
Other birthday festivities included a church service with leaders of various denominations and an address where he pledged to help the youth in his largely uneducated kingdom .
" I hope he keeps his promise because education is the only way we can move forward , " said Rodgers Barozi , 20 , a receptionist in Fort Portal
The king also urged residents to work hard to attain self - sufficiency using the kingdom 's rich agricultural history .
The lush region has rich brown soil and is a major source of bananas and other agricultural products .
King Oyo serves as a figurehead for the Batooro people , who make up most of the kingdom .
His roles include promoting cultural pride and helping raise funds for issues such as health and education in his kingdom .
The teen also helps oversee tax money his kingdom gets from the Ugandan government .
Kingdoms in Africa date to the Egyptian civilization , though their numbers have declined in the past few hundred years .
The monarchies are based on ethnicities .
In Uganda , the central government outlawed kingdoms in 1967 .
The president reinstated four of them in the '90s on the condition that their leaders focus more on culture and less on national politics .
Other African countries , such as Lesotho and Swaziland , also have kings .
Journalist Samson Ntale contributed to this report .
Stephan Paternot Then Founder , TheGlobe.com Founder , TheGlobe.com
Known for Netting tens of millions of dollars when the online community he started in college produced the largest IPO in history ; quitting a year later after the stock fell precipitously .
Age at IPO 24 Now Angel investing ; producing films like Life 2.0 , a doc about Second Life .
Shawn Fanning
Then Inventor , Napster Inventor , Napster Known for Single - handedly sparking the file - sharing revolution from his dorm room and dragging the music business into the digital era .
Cost of settling RIAA lawsuits $ 26 million Now Starting a new , mysterious company with Facebook alum Dave Morin .
Bernie Ebbers
Then Founder , WorldCom Founder , WorldCom Known for Being convicted of conspiracy and fraud after bilking investors out of $ 11 billion .
Before pleading the Fifth “ I believe that no one will conclude that I engaged in any criminal or fraudulent conduct . ”
He later pleaded guilty .
Now Doing 25 years for nine felonies .
Mary Meeker Then Analyst , Morgan Stanley Analyst , Morgan Stanley Known for Urging her bank to take Netscape public , launching the dotcom boom ; being bullish on location - based mobile services .
Now Still a Morgan Stanley analyst .
Meeker ’s annual talk at the Web 2.0 Summit is required viewing for today ’s more sober investors .
George Shaheen
Then CEO , Webvan Known for Leaving the top job at Andersen Consulting to lead an online grocery startup ; raising $ 400 million from VCs and then $ 375 million in an IPO ; quitting before Webvan filed for bankruptcy .
CEO , WebvanLeaving the top job at Andersen Consulting to lead an online grocery startup ; raising $ 400 million from VCs and then $ 375 million in an IPO ; quitting before Webvan filed for bankruptcy .
Value of golden parachute $ 375,000 a year Now Sits on several company boards .
FRANKLIN —
A jury that decided a Texas A&M University student was texting while driving and caused a deadly wreck ordered him to pay $ 22 million in damages .
The victim , Megan Small of Houston , was a senior at Baylor University and was driving to Waco when the November 2007 accident happened near Calvert .
The investigation indicated a vehicle driven by Reed Vestal crossed the center line and struck Small ’s vehicle head - on .
Phone records indicated Vestal sent and received 15 texts and made seven calls in the 45 minutes before the wreck .
The damages will be shared with Small ’s friend Laura Gleffe , who was driving another car that rolled during the crash .
An attorney for Vestal did not comment on the verdict .
by
The national average price of a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline continued to climb overnight , and now stands at $ 2.88 per gallon .
With the busy summer driving season rapidly approaching and more people buying into the economic recovery —
I think it ’s just a head fake before the second leg down — it now appears that it is only a matter of time before the price of gasoline climbs back over the psychologically important barrier of $ 3 per gallon .
Today ’s price of $ 2.88 is only slightly higher than a week ago ( $ 2.86 ) , and not much higher than a month ago ( $ 2.80 ) .
Â
However , today ’s price is over 40 % higher than a year ago ( $ 2.04 ) when we were still wondering if the financial system and the economy were about to collapse .
While the national average price of gasoline might be below $ 3 , that certainly does n’t mean some parts of the country have n’t already crossed that threshold .
Â Nine states and Washington , D.C. , have an average price above $ 3 per gallon , with Hawaii having the most expensive gas at $ 3.65 per gallon .
Conversely , there are still several states that are well below the national average , with New Jersey reporting the lowest average price at $ 2.66 per gallon .
If the economy continues to show signs of improvement , and inflationary pressures on energy prices continue to increase , I think it ’s fair to say we ’ll all be sharing in the pain of $ 3 gas by Memorial Day weekend .
" I want to shoot Iggy * , " Ivan often tells me .
He and his friends want to shoot Iggy , he says , because " we do n't like princesses . "
Iggy is a boy in my son's preschool class who wears dresses to school – often bringing several , as he may want a new look by midday -- and likes to play princess with the girls .
Why does my son have violent fantasies about this kid ?
It 's disturbing , to say the least , though his teacher assures me that he never bullies anyone in real life .
Ivan , age four , used to have an expansive view of his gender options .
He would tell me he wanted to be a mommy when he grew up , but " a mommy who cooks and drives . "
( I do n't do much of either -- his dad does both . )
Later he decided he wanted to be " a daddy like Tommy , " a butch lesbian friend with a daughter close to his age .
But since the beginning of this school year , masculinity has been a source of constant confusion and distress .
After a classmate told my son that boys do n't play with dolls , Ivan took to beating his baby doll –he 'd always been quite nurturing with her , tucking her into bed and tending to her when she was sick -- yelling at her to " Shut Up ! " and sometimes even reporting that he 'd killed her .
None of this drama seems to afflict Ivan 's friend Lee , a girl who wears Batman shirts and likes to play Transformers , Star Wars and other " bad guy " games with the boys .
All the girls want to be her friend , but she 's just not that into their ( largely pink - hued ) activities .
Apparently , Ivan 's life mirrors that of many other boys today .
A recent study by University of Illinois sociologist Barbara Risman found that while girls have made substantial progress in being able to transcend gender stereotypes – playing sports , no longer pretending to be dumb – boys , she says :
have gained fewer freedoms to explore their individual interests and talents from the gender revolution .
Boys are still reluctant to admit to enjoying any activity , from gymnastics to dancing to knitting -- or even reading books -- that smacks of something girls do .
And they now seem to be subjected to the same kind of teasing about supposedly ' gender inappropriate ' activities or interests than girls used to face 45 years ago .
Today it is young boys who are afraid of showing off how smart they are and who feel they have to pretend to be interested in certain activities and not others for fear of being taunted as ' gay . '
Before anyone accuses me – or the author of the study – of minimizing pressures on girls , let me assure you that Risman did mention that girls face increasing pressure to be " sexy " at younger ages – a problem that many other experts have also observed .
But it is interesting that the pressure on boys to conform to gender norms may be even more intense than the pressure on girls .
Boys like Iggy can face teasing and even violence when they 're older .
But , at the moment , Iggy seems a lot more secure in his gender identity – and confident about himself -- than most boys .
He exuberantly shows off his new ring to me : " Look , is n't it beautiful ? "
If you tell him he looks pretty , he agrees : " I know . "
We should certainly be making the world safer for kids like Iggy .
But I 'm just as concerned about how children who are not obvious gender rebels learn not to be limited by stereotypes .
Which is a rather primly P.C. way of saying , I do n't want my sweet little kid to think he has to be a violent thug just because he has a penis .
His immediate social world is a good place to start .
Ivan talks about Iggy a lot .
I tell him there is no reason a boy can't be a princess .
I also say , You do n't have to be friends with everyone in your life , but you do have to respect everyone .
Then again , maybe there are games that bad guys and princesses can play together , I venture with absurd relativism .
Maybe there are things they both like to do .
But sometimes the suggestions that sound silliest coming out of one 's grown - up mouth are the most convincing .
A few days later , Ivan tells me , " If Iggy came to my house , I would show him Princess Leia ! "
" Would you like Iggy to come to your house ? "
( If it seems like a dizzying leap from homicidal ideation to playdate planning , that is because you are not four years old . )
Ivan looks uncertain .
But he 's entertaining the idea .
* It seems ethical to change all names of children other than my own .
SUMMIT COUNTY — Arapahoe Basin will soon begin selling a coveted item in High Country home décor :
On May 1 , chairs from the Exhibition Lift will go on sale , as the ski area prepares to replace it with a detatchable quad .
The Exhibition triple chairlift has been turning since 1978 , and it moves more people around the ski area than any other lift each ski season .
Of the lift ’s 118 chairs , 110 will be available for purchase on a first - come , first - served basis for $ 450 apiece .
Local nonprofits will use the remaining chairs for fundraising purposes .
Sale of the chairs will begin online at 8 a.m. , Saturday , May 1 , at www.arapahoebasin.com.
The chairs will be available for pick - up on June 11 and 12 at A - Basin .
Read the rest of this report at SummitDaily.com .
Some time ago , the law office of David Yerushlami , which a week ago filed a lawsuit in the Federal District Court challenging the constitutionality of Obamacare , sued the Fed over its takeover of AIG claiming the entire transaction was illegal and was in essence a money laundering scheme .
Below we present the powerpoint presentation prepared by the law firm .
Here is how Yerushalmi explains his motive : " The Law Offices of David Yerushalmi , P.C. presents an online PowerPoint presentation fully narrated illustrating rather graphically just how Timothy Geithner , who was then ( Sept. 2008 ) the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , orchestrated the illegal acquisition of 77.9 % of AIG 's equity and voting rights .
As the presentation makes clear , while the FED certainly had authority to loan AIG billions and to take all of the company 's assets as collateral , which it did , it had no legal authority to acquire nearly 80 % of AIG 's shares and voting rights .
But this is exactly what it did when it created with great fanfare what is called the AIG Credit Facility Trust . "
Attached also is a latter by David to SIGTARP Barofsky , discussing the same .
From : David Yerushalmi [ mailto:david.yerushalmi@verizon.net ]
Sent : Sunday , January 31 , 2010 9:52 AM
To : 'sigtarp@do.treas.gov '
Cc : ' Frank Gaffney ' ; ' Robert Muise '
Subject : Is the AIG Credit Facility Agreement Trust legal ?
Dear Mr. Barofsky : I am an attorney who has worked in the securities litigation arena for more than 25 years and I also serve as General Counsel to the Center for Security Policy , a highly - respected think tank in Washington , D.C. , headed up by former Reagan administration official Frank Gaffney , which focuses on matters of national security .
I have cc’d Mr. Gaffney on this email .
In this capacity , I am representing Kevin Murray in a First Amendment / Establishment Clause case against the Fed and the Sec. of the Treasury in his official capacity as head of the Treas .
Dept .
We have alleged that the takeover of AIG by the US Government encourages , promotes and indeed sustains AIG ’s advocacy of Shariah - Islamic insurance products worldwide in violation of the First Amendment .
The government filed a motion to dismiss which was denied .
I have attached that opinion .
Currently , we are in the throes of discovery and awaiting the court ’s ruling on our motion to compel Secretary Geithner ’s deposition , which was necessitated by the fact that the Fed and Treasury Rule 30 ( b ) ( 6 ) deponents either testified inaccurately or feigned ignorance ( no surprise to you I am sure ) .
I have attached our Motion to Compel and our companion Response to the government ’s Motion for Protective Order .
I write to you today because in the course of our discovery investigation , we effectively uncovered a fraudulent artifice which allowed the Fed / FRBNY and the Treasury ( using TARP funds ) to accomplish that which it could not accomplish legally at the time ( pre-EESA ) — the acquisition of 77.9 % of AIG ’s equity and voting rights .
We discovered this because we were looking at “ standing ” issues relative to the Fed / FRBNY funds provided to AIG under the Credit Facility approved in the latter half of Sept. 2008 .
But , what we learned was quite simply astounding .
The FRBNY wanted more than just a standard debt deal ; it wanted absolute control and ownership of AIG .
But , it was illegal for the FRBNY to hold equity and the Treasury Dept . did not yet have the legislative authority , later granted under EESA , to do so .
But this did n’t stop then - President Geithner or his general counsel Thomas Baxter .
They crafted the AIG Trust to accomplish the same goal .
But the Trust was transparently invalid and illegal for two fundamental reasons :
One , the FED maintained absolute control over the Trust ’s existence , its terms , and the Trustees through Section 1.03 of the Trust Agreement .
This , as we explain in our Response papers attached , invalidates the trust ; yet the government continues to speak about this as an “ independent ” Trust .
Two , the Fed / FRBNY could not take legal title to the equity but neither could the Treasury Department during this pre-EESA period .
So , the FRBNY named the U.S. Treasury ( in the Trust Agreement ) as the beneficial owner .
But again , as our Response papers point out , it is elemental trust law that a beneficiary must be a person or entity that can actually hold title .
While the Treasury Department can hold title , the U.S. Treasury can no more hold title than a bank account – because that is what it is .
You can deposit funds or assets into a depository account but the account cannot have “ ownership ” because it has no more authority to do so than a tree log .
But , the FRBNY had to conceal the fact that this transaction was really for the benefit of the Treasury Department ( something the Treasury Dept ’s Rule 30 ( b ) ( 6 ) deponent conceded under oath ( also provided in our Response papers ) , because the Treasury department had no legal authority .
And , even if it did , as under EESA a few months later , to grant the federal government voting rights would be to create a Gordian Knot of conflicts - of - interest , which is why presumably the legislation seeks to avoid the government from taking both the equity and exercising voting rights .
But , at the time of the AIG Trust , there was absolutely no legislative authority for the Treas .
Dept to take control of AIG .
Yet , this is what the Trust purportedly accomplished .
In the world of finance , and you certainly know this as well as I , if you seek to accomplish an illegal financial transaction ( “ specified unlawful activity ” ) through false means ( the Trust structure ) , you are in violation of federal anti-money laundering statutes ( 18 USC § 1956 ) .
I have attached a ppt presentation my office has prepared for oral argument in our case ( although the criminal violation is not at issue insofar as we do n’t have standing to raise it ) .
Since this artifice included TARP funds , you , in your capacity as the SIGTARP , do .
Please feel free to use this material as you deem best .
I will be in Washington , D.C. on Tuesday meeting with some Congressional leaders on this point , and would be more than willing to discuss this in greater detail .
Thank you .
cc : Frank J. Gaffney , Jr , Pres. , Center for Security Policy
Robert Muise , Esq. , co-counsel to Kevin Murray in Murray v. Geithner et al. , U.S. D. Ct. E.D. MI , No. 2:08 - cv-15147-LPZ .
...
David Yerushalmi
Law Offices :
Washington , D.C. , New York , California & Arizona
T : 646.262.0500
F : 801.760.3901
E : david.yerushalmi@verizon.net
W : www.davidyerushalmilaw.com
Full Presentation :
The transcript for the presentation is presented below :
Slide 1
Understanding the Government ’s Takeover of AIG
In support of Plaintiff ’s Motion to Compel Defendant Geithner ’s Deposition Testimony in Murray v. Geithner et al. , Case No. 2:08 -cv-15147-LPZ -MKM
( U.S. D. Ct. E.D. Michigan ) © Law Offices of David Yerushalmi , P.C.
All rights reserved .
2010
Slide 2
But the Fed and the FRBNY wanted more than a debt deal ; they wanted absolute control over AIG and needed to come up with a way to take almost 80 % of AIG ’s equity and voting rights .
So they decided to use $ 40 BN of the Credit Facility as “ Placeholder ” funds to accomplish through the artifice of the AIG Trust what they could not do legally .
. .
HOW THE U.S. GOVERNMENT TOOK OVER AIG -- SUPPORTING AND FUNDING ITS SHARIAH-C0MPLIANT INSURANCE BUSINESS--THROUGH
WHAT IS ARGUABLY AN ILLEGAL ARTIFICE
While it made no sense to “ fix ” AIG ’s debt - driven crisis by giving it $ 85 BN of more debt , the Credit Facility up to this part of the structure was typical and made at least structural sense .
A second problem with the Trust : Q : Was it proper for the FRBNY to name a bank account — the U.S. Treasury — as a beneficiary when it cannot own anything ?
A : No ; the Trust is invalid on its face !
Geithner , FRBNY , Fed , and Treasury Dept : “ The FRBNY created a truly independent Trust with non-governmental Trustees to take legal title to 77.9 % of AIG ’s shares to avoid illegalities and any conflicts - of - interest . ”
And that is why the Treasury Department ’s deponent testified that the real beneficiary is the Treasury Department and why everyone agrees that the ultimate beneficiary is the U.S. tax payer .
But how is the Trust and its Trustees “ independent ” of the U.S. Government when § 1.03 of the Trust Agreement gives the Fed absolute and unfettered control over the Trust ’s existence and its terms ??? § 13(3 ) Fed. Res. Act AIG $ $$ SCF 1 SCF 2 SCF 3 SCF 4 Credit Rating Agencies Debt - driven credit rating downgrade FED Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( President Geithner ) $ 85 BN Debt Credit Facility Collateral : ≈ 100 % of AIG Assets via Stock Pledges / Liens Transfer of Legal Interest in 77.9 % of AIG Equity + Voting U.S. Treasury U.S. Department of the Treasury ( Sec. Geithner ) ( Rule 30 ( b ) ( 6 ) Deponent )
And this leaves the final tranche of the disguised “ Placeholder ” structure where the “ US .
Tax Payer ” , at the hands of the Treasury Dept. , sends $ 40 BN to the FRBNY as a credit to AIG , which is in reality “ payment ” for the 77.9 % of AIG received through the Credit Facility and Trust structure .
AIG in crisis runs to Geithner at FRBNY Geithner runs to the FED The FED calls upon the “ unusual and exigent circumstances ” of FRA to permit non-member bank AIG to borrow FED funds from FRBNY
Slide 3
§ 13(3 ) Fed. Res. Act AIG $ $$ SCF 1 SCF 2 SCF 3 SCF 4 Credit Rating Agencies Debt - driven credit rating downgrade $ 40 BN Portion of Debt Credit Facility $ 40 billion TARP paid to FRBNY but credited to AIG
And now we ’ll see the same illegal Placeholder transaction but without the artifice of the “ independent ” Trust . . .
Now we eliminate the $ 40 BN “ Placeholder ” funds provided by the FRBNY Credit Facility and the bottom line deal with the true flow of the real deal ’s “ consideration ” comes into plain view . . .
Slide 4
Understanding the Defendants ’ Takeover of AIG § 1956 .
Laundering of monetary instruments ( 3 ) Whoever , with the intent — ( A ) to promote the carrying on of specified unlawful activity ; ( B ) to conceal or disguise the nature , location , source , ownership , or control of property believed to be the proceeds of specified unlawful activity ; or ( C ) to avoid a transaction reporting requirement under State or Federal law , conducts or attempts to conduct a financial transaction involving property represented to be the proceeds of specified unlawful activity , or property used to conduct or facilitate specified unlawful activity , shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for not more than 20 years , or both .
For purposes of this paragraph and paragraph ( 2 ) , the term “ represented ” means any representation made by a law enforcement officer or by another person at the direction of , or with the approval of , a Federal official authorized to investigate or prosecute violations of this section .
© Law Offices of David Yerushalmi , P.C.
All rights reserved .
Under § 1956 ( c ) ( 7 ) ( D ) , “ specified unlawful activity ” is defined as a violation of § 1005 .
Slide 5
Understanding the Defendants ’ Takeover of AIG § 1005 .
Bank entries , reports and transactions
Whoever makes any false entry in any book , report , or statement of such bank [ FED member bank ] , company , branch , agency , or organization with intent to injure or defraud such bank , company , branch , agency , or organization , or any other company , body politic or corporate , or any individual person , or to deceive any officer of such bank , company , branch , agency , or organization , or the Comptroller of the Currency , or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , or any agent or examiner appointed to examine the affairs of such bank , company , branch , agency , or organization , or the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ; © Law Offices of David Yerushalmi , P.C. All rights reserved .
This “ any other company ” is AIG , which was forced by the FRBNY and the FED to give up 80 % of its equity / voting rights when it was illegal for the FRBNY to even hold equity .
Slide 6
Understanding the Defendants ’ Takeover of AIG § 1956 .
Laundering of monetary instruments ( 3 ) Whoever , with the intent — ( A ) to promote the carrying on of specified unlawful activity ; ( B ) to conceal or disguise the nature , location , source , ownership , or control of property believed to be the proceeds of specified unlawful activity ; or ( C ) to avoid a transaction reporting requirement under State or Federal law , conducts or attempts to conduct a financial transaction involving property represented to be the proceeds of specified unlawful activity , or property used to conduct or facilitate specified unlawful activity , shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for not more than 20 years , or both .
For purposes of this paragraph and paragraph ( 2 ) , the term “ represented ” means any representation made by a law enforcement officer or by another person at the direction of , or with the approval of , a Federal official authorized to investigate or prosecute violations of this section .
© Law Offices of David Yerushalmi , P.C.
All rights reserved .
Slide 7
Transfer of Legal Interest in 77.9 % of AIG Equity + Voting § 13(3 ) Fed. Res. Act AIG $ $$ SCF 1 SCF 2 SCF 3 SCF 4 Credit Rating Agencies Debt - driven credit rating downgrade FED Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( President Geithner ) $ 85 BN Debt Credit Facility Collateral : ≈ 100 % of AIG Assets via Stock Pledges / Liens U.S. Treasury Absolute FED Control : § 1.03 Trust Agreement U.S. Department of the Treasury ( Sec. Geithner ) ( Rule 30 ( b ) ( 6 ) Deponent ) AIG in crisis runs to Geithner at FRBNY Geithner runs to the FED The FED calls upon the “ unusual and exigent circumstances ” of FRA to permit non-member bank AIG to borrow FED funds from FRBNY
It is at this point , that this Placeholder artifice becomes a money laundering scheme in violation of Title 18 § 1956 of the federal criminal code .
How ?
Because the FRBNY and the FED want absolute control of AIG ( meaning its equity and voting rights ) , but neither they nor the Treas .
Dept. have any legal authority , to do so .
The taking of 77.9 % of AIG is the “ specified unlawful activity ” and the Trust is the fraud to accomplish it .
This emergency action was perfectly legal and understandable .
The Credit Facility was also perfectly legal , albeit stupid .
Giving debt to a company drowning in debt simply makes no sense unless it was a necessary step to accomplish that which the FED could not accomplish directly .
LANSING , Mich . — Michigan 's attempts to crack down on distractions on the road will include a ban on sending , typing or reading text messages or e-mails while driving starting July 1 .
The state House passed the third and final bill needed for the texting - while - driving ban Wednesday by an 82 - 22 vote .
The legislation already has passed the Senate and is headed to Gov. Jennifer Granholm for her signature .
Granholm is scheduled to sign the legislation Friday on a broadcast of " The Oprah Winfrey Show . "
A first offense will cost $ 100 and repeat offenses will cost $ 200 .
No points would be added to a driver 's record .
Texting will be a primary offense , meaning police could pull over motorists solely for using cell phones to send text messages .
Lawmakers who support the ban expect police will be trained to handle the new law and drivers will be well aware of it by July .
" It 's going to be a solid implementation and it's going to be fair , " said Rep. Lee Gonzales , a Democrat from Flint and one of the texting ban 's sponsors .
" It 's been in the public eye for a long time .
...
Texting while driving is a dangerous habit that too many drivers take part in . "
The legislation does not ban using cell phones to make calls while driving .
The texting ban drew some opposition from both Republicans and Democrats .
Some lawmakers felt it interferes with personal liberties .
Others say the ban will give police an option to pull drivers over for little or no reason and make it easier for racial profiling to take place .
But several states have moved in the same direction as Michigan to handle distractions related to cell phone use while driving .
More than half the states already have adopted measures that ban at least some drivers from texting .
Several more are in the process of passing laws addressing it .
Texting while driving is classified as a primary offense in at least 15 states .
The federal government has sought to crack down on distracted driving , urging states to pass tough laws against it .
Winfrey also is taking a stand against distracted driving , which will be featured during her Friday show .
Michigan lawmakers passed the key bills related to the texting ban earlier this month .
The final hurdle was agreeing that fine money will go to support public libraries , as is the case with some other traffic fines .
" Every asshole who ever chanted ' Drill baby drill ' should have to report to the Gulf coast today for cleanup duty , " - Bill Maher .
I have always been in favor of Cape Wind off Cape Cod but the confluence of these two events will surely help swing public opinion further in favor of non-carbon energy .
David Brooks has a very helpful column today on how government is necessary to get this industrial revolution kick - started .
If the Democrats do not use this disaster to advance the energy bill ASAP , they may miss a critical moment to escape the oil - addiction even George W. Bush acknowledged in his final years .
( Photo : A boat makes its way through crude oil that has leaked from the Deepwater Horizon wellhead in the Gulf of Mexico on April 28 , 2010 near New Orleans , Louisiana .
An estimated leak of 1,000 barrels of oil a day are still leaking into the gulf .
By Chris Graythen / Getty Images . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Got an idea that you know will just kill at your next office meeting ?
Show them all how deadly serious you are about it with this new Office Assault : Sticky Note Gun .
Never get caught on the draw ( ing ) again with this ultimate memo machine gun .
Designed for those of you that are big on ideas and short on patience , the Office Assault : Sticky Note Gun will keep shooting blank pages like Tony Montana introducing you to his little friend .
Designer Alex Marshall has rendered two color variations for your enjoyment : High Contrast and Steampunk .
He is also the person you should send any design notes too .
Do n’t shoot the messengers .
Designer : Alex Marshall
You ’re forgiven if you feel you may have seen this movie before , because you probably have .
Like Hamlet , or Macbeth , its core is a classic confrontation that never seems to get old , thanks to the arrival of new players and fresh productions , as one generation succeeds another .
You may be thinking , “ New ?
Do n’t see no new here . ”
With little more than a year in Chevy showrooms , the Camaros roll into summer unchanged .
And it takes the experienced eye of a longtime Mustang cognoscente to see the updates for these 2011 models .
The dashboard surface is revised , softened to make impacts with one ’s head a little less unpleasant .
There are also suspension tweaks aplenty , but the real giveaway is a 5.0 badge on the flanks of GT models .
View Photos JOHN ROE
That badge panders to hallowed memories of the Mustang ’s revered old Windsor V - 8 ( 1979 – ’95 ) , which , as any member of the Mustang club will admit , fell 58 cc short of 5.0 liters .
Ford ’s 4.6 - liter V - 8s never seemed to eclipse memories of the not - quite - 5.0 , but it may be a different story with this barely 5.0 ( 4951 cc ) successor .
All aluminum , double overhead cams , 32 valves , variable valve timing on all four cams , a high compression ratio ( 11.0:1 ) , four - bolt mains — the new V - 8 shares bore centers but little else with the 4.6 .
Ford stopped short of direct injection , saving about $ 200 per engine , but output is potent nevertheless : 412 horsepower at 6500 rpm , 390 pound - feet of torque at 4250 — burlier by 97 horses and 65 pound - feet .
There ’s also a new V - 6 for the base Mustang , a more vigorous version of the 3.7 - liter aluminum engine found in the Lincoln MKS and MKT : 305 horses and 280 pound - feet of torque .
With Mustang ’s power now comparable to Camaro ’s across the board , these two longtime rivals needed another face - off .
We rounded up our four - horse field in Los Angeles and drove to Buttonwillow Raceway Park , near Bakersfield .
Some of the results were predictable .
But there were surprises , too .
View Photos JOHN ROE
Buyers strap themselves into V - 6 pony cars because they like the look but do n’t require V - 8 muscle .
Or , more accurately , they do n’t need that power enough to fork over the additional seven or eight grand for two more cylinders .
In the past , this has meant a pony car severely deficient in giddyup , something particularly true of the base Mustang ’s old boat anchor , the 4.0 - liter V - 6 .
But these are no longer children of a lesser god .
The V - 6 Camaro and Mustang both come to the starting gate with more than 300 horsepower , as well as distinctly better fuel economy than their quicker stablemates .
So being thrifty no longer means having to give up fun to drive .
But just how much of the FTD factor is retained ?
That ’s what we set out to determine .
JOHN ROE
What you get here is the bad-ass , hunkered - down , assault - vehicle looks without the bad .
The engine — a 3.6 - liter , DOHC 24 - valve aluminum V - 6 — is willing enough , but it ’s tethered to a lot of Camaro : 3800 pounds .
Mass plus big gear spacing plus the tallest rear end in the group equals relatively sluggish performance : distinctly slower than the Mustang in the sprints .
Handling responses were equally indifferent .
Softer spring rates and slow steering made the mountain - road pursuits too much like work .
To its credit , the RS was quiet , smooth , stable , and thoroughly predictable .
It was quicker in the lane change than both Mustangs — go figure — and its braking performance was slightly better than the Brembo - equipped SS .
But no test driver wrote the word “ fun ” in the Chevy ’s logbook .
View Photos JOHN ROE
Inside , the RS sports the same mix of engagingly offbeat design , supportive seats , and one or two trim touches that do n’t quite work : the big hard plastic trim panels in the door panels , for example .
And , of course , there ’s that high beltline and low roof that some find too confining .
But if cruising in sinister comfort appeals to you , here ’s a good place to do it .
We mentioned surprises , and this was the big one .
Not so much because of the straight - ahead performance — 305 horsepower in a 3520 - pound car , the lightest in the group , produced about what we expected : 0 - to - 60 in 5.4 seconds , the quarter - mile in 14 flat at 104 mph .
The surprise was what this Mustang could do on mountain roads .
Where the GT was nimble , the V - 6 was eager , with a lighter touch and better balance .
Our test car was a Premium version , equipped with 19 - inch alloy wheels and those summer Pirellis , which helped it put up the best skidpad performance of the foursome : 0.95 g . We ’re not entirely sure that you ’ll be able to order this wheel - and - tire combo with either the Premium or American Mustang Club packages .
But we ’re sure that this car was the dancing champ on the high roads of the Los Padres National Forest , one of the most involving production Mustangs in our experience .
View Photos JOHN ROE
This makes the car ’s lane - change behavior equally surprising — astonishing , in fact .
For all its agility in decreasing - radius turns , switchbacks , and fast sweepers , the V - 6 Mustang was almost unmanageable in this exercise , scattering cones galore .
Further study indicated here .
Our V - 6 test car was loaded with optional features — leather , Sync , audio upgrade , power driver ’s seat — making it almost as expensive as the GT and a more pleasant place to be .
There were several minor kvetches in the logbook .
As in last year ’s comparo , the V - 6 Mustang ’s capless fuel filler leaked in hard cornering .
Ford ’s idea of a power seat still does n’t include power adjustability for the seatback , and the development still does n’t include a telescoping steering column .
The black - tape accent on the sides had an aftermarket look to it , and the latticework grille does n’t have the cachet of the classic floating pony that distinguishes the GT .
We ’re also curious as to why a car with Z - rated tires is limited to a top speed of 113 mph .
View Photos JOHN ROE
But these are minor flaws in a mostly brilliant product .
With its lower base price , its excellent road manners , robust power , and its outstanding EPA fuel - economy ratings — 19/29 manual , 19/31 automatic ( our barnstorming average was 18 , best in test ) — the V - 6 Mustang can satisfy just about anyone .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
View full size View full size
On Feb. 9 , 2008 ,
Larry Langford
won $ 96,093 , hitting 36 jackpots playing electronic bingo at VictoryLand
casino in Macon County .
On March 14 , Langford , who was mayor of Birmingham at the time , hit 21 electronic bingo jackpots that paid out $ 93,811 at VictoryLand .
On March 21 , Langford hit 19 jackpots at VictoryLand that paid him $ 63,637 , according to his state tax returns .
Over three years , Langford won more than $ 1.5 million in 555 jackpots , tax records show .
Langford 's state returns for 2006 , 2007 and 2008 recently became part of the record in a civil lawsuit in Greene County , where plaintiffs contend electronic bingo machines at the GreeneTrack casino in Eutaw were rigged to allow Langford to win large sums of money .
A similar lawsuit has been filed in Macon County where plaintiffs contend bingo machines at VictoryLand also were rigged to allow Langford to win large jackpots .
Lawyers for both casinos have denied the claims , calling the two lawsuits , both filed by Birmingham lawyer Ted Mann , " frivolous . "
But Mann , in a motion filed in the Greene County case defending the merits of the lawsuit , says Langford 's tax records tell his plaintiffs ' story .
" These records demonstrate unequivocally that what the plaintiffs have alleged did in fact occur .
Mr. Langford has , miraculously , won over five hundred and fifty jackpots at VictoryLand , " over the last three years , Mann wrote in the motion .
Langford told The Birmingham News on Tuesday he did n't remember winning multiple jackpots on any given day .
" Did you say 36 jackpots ?
Thirty - six ... jackpots !
That 's B.S. , " Langford said .
" I never won 36 jackpots in one ... night in my life . "
Langford said he had no idea his tax records had been subpoenaed and turned over in this case .
In 2008 , according to the filings , Langford reported hitting 275 jackpots in 24 days for a total of $ 729,000 .
Langford 's 2008 tax returns shows he hit 37 electronic bingo jackpots worth $ 76,000 at GreeneTrack .
The 2008 tax return does not specify what days Langford played at GreeneTrack .
" I gamble a lot , everybody knows that , " Langford said .
" But man , I do n't remember winning like that .
I do n't remember . "
Langford in 2006 , 2007 and 2008 reported losing as much as he won .
For instance , in 2006 , he reported winning and losing $ 227,673 .
In 2007 , he reported $ 485,633 in gambling winnings and losses .
And in 2008 , Langford reported winning and losing $ 810,601 .
He said he did n't recall that .
" If that 's what it says , that 's what it says , " Langford said .
" I played and won and played and lost , but I do n't remember the total , but I can tell you over the years I 've lost a hell of a lot more than I 've won . "
Langford later added , " Look , every dollar I won , I just put back in the machines and played again . "
The tax returns for 2006 -- the year before Langford was elected mayor of Birmingham -- show Langford was a frequent visitor and winner at VictoryLand .
For example , on March 10 , 2006 , Langford reported winning 11 jackpots for a total of $ 14,651 .
On August 8 , 2006 , Langford 's tax returns shows he won eight jackpots for almost $ 30,000 .
Langford also hit multiple jackpots with big payouts on several days in 2007 .
On Dec. 12 , 2007 , Langford hit at least 14 jackpots that paid him almost $ 20,000 .
Ten days later , on Dec. 22 , Langford visited VictoryLand and was a winner 35 times , for $ 90,000 .
Langford 's tax returns include receipts documenting his claimed winnings , but documentation supporting his claimed losses is not included .
State and federal laws and regulations require that Langford show evidence for any gambling wins above $ 1,200 .
Those laws would require Langford to show evidence of losses only if he were audited .
Langford said he has not been audited by either the state or the federal government in the last three years .
Langford and VictoryLand owner , Milton McGregor , have long been friends .
McGregor has been a frequent campaign contributor to Langford 's various races for public office .
Both men have strongly disputed Mann 's claims in his lawsuits that bingo machines have been rigged to benefit Langford .
Langford was convicted in October by a federal jury on 60 counts of wrongdoing , including bribery , money laundering and conspiracy all related to his time on the Jefferson County Commission .
He is slated to be sentenced Friday .
Join in the conversation by commenting below or e-mail Dean at cdean@bhamnews.com .
A third suspect has been arrested in a Daly City killing last month in which the weapon was an SUV .
Daly City resident Matthew Sean Mouton , 20 , was arrested Wednesday evening in Richmond and charged with murder , Daly City police said .
Investigators believe he was driving the sport utility vehicle that ran over Jessie Wiley , 21 , of South San Francisco outside a pizzeria Feb .
7 .
Can someone please comment and tell me that I ’m not the only one who does n’t hate this ?
I ’m pretty sure it ’s because I will never get tired of that MSTRKRFT instrumental , but I need reassurance … these are worrying times .
Justin Bieber x MSTRKRFT – Heartbreaker Baby ( CJ Milli Mix )
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Overheard at the Game Developers Conference : Insomniac Games has become a multiplatform developer .
The company , best known for the Ratchet & Clank and Resistance franchises , is allegedly creating cross-platform software for both PS3 and Xbox 360 , according to a trusted source who spoke with IGN under the condition of anonymity .
Insomniac Games has enjoyed a long and fruitful relationship with Sony , but remains an independent studio , which affords it the right to create games for any platform should it choose .
The company is based in Burbank , California .
Earlier this year , Insomniac Games expanded its resources when it opened a new studio in North Carolina .
Daily Fix Video March 15 , 2010
This news and more in the Daily Fix . - Modern Warfare 2 Map Pack
- Crackdown 2 Release Date
- Insomniac on 360 ?
- Our Giveaway Winner
Last year , an alleged billboard advertising Resistance 3 was said to have been erected during the filming of a forthcoming feature film titled Battle : Los Angeles .
Details here .
Given that Sony has in the past published the series , it seems unlikely that the first - person shooter -- or , for that matter , Ratchet & Clank , also funded by Sony -- would ever appear on a competitor 's console .
It seems much more likely that if rumors are true and Insomniac is working on 360 , it is creating something altogether new .
We contacted Sony for comment but the company was unable to respond before publish time .
Insomniac Games ' president Ted Price said only that the developer does not comment on rumors and speculation .
“ So far we like what we see , ” Dr. Santarelli said in his only characterization of their study .
One reason for the euphoria surrounding the Novartis trial is that it was seen as an especially difficult test of the drug ’s effects .
For ethical reasons , Novartis tested the drug only in adults .
But the company and outside researchers believe that such compounds may prove most effective in young children , whose brains are far more likely to respond rapidly when barriers to learning are removed .
“ This is perhaps the most promising therapeutic discovery ever for a gene - based behavioral disease , ” said Dr. Edward M. Scolnick , former research chief at Merck and now director of the Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research at the Broad Institute at Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Dr. Scolnick has not seen the results of the Novartis trial , but was told of them and concluded that if the drugs work in fragile X , “ there ’s nothing to say that they wo n’t work in some cases of broader autism - spectrum disorders . ”
An Unlikely Beginning
The roots for the Novartis results began in 1982 when Stephen T. Warren , then a graduate student in genetics at Michigan State University , was looking for a job and something to research .
A friend told him about fragile X and , with the same reflection he might use to pick a novel for a long flight , he decided that he wanted to find the gene that caused it .
“ I had no idea how hard this would be , ” Dr. Warren said .
Nine years later , Dr. Warren , then at Emory University , was part of an international team that won a fierce competition by isolating the gene .
The discovery was front - page news around the world , and experts predicted that widespread fetal testing and therapies were in the offing .
The predictions were premature because , like most of genetic research , discovering how the flawed gene caused disease was far harder than anticipated and required multiple leaps in neurology and biology .
And even with those , much remains mysterious .
Fragile X is caused by a genetic stutter in which a portion of the gene gets repeated like a scratched album .
With each subsequent generation , the number of repeats tends to rise .
So if a mother has 10 repeats , her child might have 11 or 12 .
For reasons that are not well understood , however , this process of repeat amplification can suddenly go haywire .
So mothers who have 55 or more repeats tend to have children with hundreds .
I do n't usually do news and current events here , but I 'm making an exception for the CWE / SANS Top 25 Most Dangerous Programming Errors list .
This one is important , and deserves a wide audience , so I 'm repeating it here -- along with a brief hand - edited summary of each error .
If you work on software in any capacity , at least skim this list .
I encourage you to click through for greater detail on anything you 're not familiar with , or that piques your interest .
Of course there 's nothing truly new here ; I essentially went over the same basic list in Sins of Software Security almost two years ago .
The only difference is the relative priorities , as web applications start to dominate mainstream computing .
This list of software security mistakes serves the same purpose as McConnell 's list of classic development mistakes : to raise awareness .
A surprisingly large part of success is recognizing the most common mistakes and failure modes .
So you can -- at least in theory -- realize when your project is slipping into one of them .
Ignorance is the biggest software project killer of them all .
Heck , even if you are aware of these security mistakes , you might end up committing them anyway .
I know I have .
Have you ?
Likely to bring a tear to the eye of any Calvin And Hobbes fan .
( Source unknown , but has appeared in a number of variations and places . )
via Colin Fahrion
( CNN ) -- " Saline irrigation " may not sound sexy , but Kelly Nance says she 's hooked .
It 's an unlikely activity to draw such a following .
However , Nance and others like her have become devoted to the practice of flushing water through their nasal passages to help them breathe easier .
Although doctors have long known that a saline solution can help unclog sinuses , the practice has gotten a newfound popularity with the " neti pot , " a teapot - shaped container that flushes a saline solution through the nose -- in one nostril and out the other , taking with it mucus and rinsing away irritants .
The first time Amy Huffhines of Mansfield , Texas , used a neti pot , it was on national television .
She had been getting daily sinus headaches , and when she came across a production crew in Chicago , Illinois , taking questions for Dr. Mehmet Oz , she asked about the neti pot .
" The Oprah Winfrey Show " invited her to try the neti pot on television in 2007 .
" I noticed immediately my ears felt real clear .
I thought it would feel like drowning but it did n't , " she said .
A month later , she was invited back to the Oprah show , and reported that she had not had any headaches since using the neti pot .
Neti pots usually involve mixing saltwater ( or using a prepackaged solution ) , leaning over a sink , twisting your head to one side , and inserting the spout into one nostril .
Then , you would lift the spout until the solution pours into the upper nostril , and allow the liquid to drain out the other nostril .
Breathe out and repeat with the other nostril , experts say .
What comes out of the nose often grosses out first - timers , but users say the relief outweighs the revulsion , and they get used to it .
Whenever Nance tells friends to use a saline rinse , they 'll usually say " I can not believe how much stuff came out of my nose , " she said .
The Oprah episode Huffhines participated in helped launch the neti pot into more than just a passing sinus blockage remedy .
For many people , it has become a crucial part of everyday life , especially during allergy season .
With pollen giving millions of Americans congestion , many people turn to the neti pot to help them breathe easier .
CNN asked viewers to share their neti pot stories through iReport .
Elana Hersh , from New York , said the neti pot helped her during her pregnancy .
When her sinuses gave her trouble , she did n't want to take oral decongestants or nasal sprays because she feared they could be harmful to her baby .
The neti pot , however , was a good natural solution for her .
Her first time using the neti pot , she almost vomited .
Her nasal pathways were so blocked that when she used the pot in one nostril , nothing came out the other one .
But after a week or two of using it twice a week she started to feel relief .
Read her iReport
" You have to use it a number of times before you get the technique down , " she said .
Real Simple : Allergy remedies
The saline solution in the neti pot both soothes and cleans the nose , said Dr. John DelGaudio , chief of rhinology and sinus surgery at Emory University School of Medicine .
Flushing the nose with saline is nothing new , it 's just that the neti pot 's design appeals to people , he said .
" There 's really nothing magical about the neti pot , " he said .
" It basically provides a different way to put saline solution in the nose .
Nance , of Weatherford , Texas , uses a saline rinse system that is not a " pot , " but is the same concept .
After she had sinus surgery in January 2009 , her doctor recommended using it .
For allergy season , all she needs is the saline rinse and an oral antihistamine , she said .
Her iReport
What seems like a ritual to others is really just practical , she says :
Always do it in the same sink -- the process is " gross , but so good " she says in her iReport -- and always have a roll of toilet paper next to me .
Going through the process , she does one side and blows her nose , and uses a full bottle of solution on each side .
Many of DelGaudio's patients are already using the neti pot , and he tells them to keep at it .
For those who do n't currently do nasal irrigation , generally people can use whatever they feel like , he said .
When used correctly , there is no such thing as overusing a neti pot , DelGaudio said .
For someone with allergies , the more symptomatic they are , the more they benefit from frequent use , since it helps flush pollen out of the nose .
But if water is used in the neti pot , or the solution is n't the right concentration , the tissue in the nose can get swollen , DelGaudio said .
Proper handling of the neti pot was a hard lesson for April Vu , 31 , of Tustin , California .
She did n't read the directions the first time she used it , and blew her nose too hard , sending fluid back into her ear canal .
Read her iReport
" At least it was n't enough to discourage me from doing it the right way , " she said .
Huffhines is still using the same neti pot the Oprah show gave her during allergy season , and her children use it too .
She likes that she does n't have to take medications for her sinuses .
Read her iReport
On the down side , it takes time ; less than five minutes perhaps , but still something to add to the daily routine .
Disclaimer
The views and opinions expressed on this blog are those of the Vertical Farmer only .
An award - winning book about a Palestinian girl whose family suffers at the hands of Israeli settlers will remain in Toronto schools after a review by board staff found it “ does not cross the line into literature promoting hate or animosity towards others . ”
B’Nai Brith Canada had complained The Shepherd ’s Granddaughter is “ vehemently anti-Israel ” and had asked that the book — currently part of a province - wide reading program for Grades 7 and 8 students — be removed and was disappointed with the Toronto District School Board ’s decision .
“ We certainly acknowledge that the main story line in this novel is presented from a Palestinian - sympathetic point of view , ” Lloyd McKell , executive officer of student and community equity for the school board , said in a letter to trustees on Wednesday .
“ However , our professional staff assessment from our critical review of this novel is that Grade 7 and 8 readers are capable of deriving positive educational and social value from this book without developing destructive attitudes towards people ... in the current Middle East conflict . ”
Teachers are being encouraged to use the book to spark discussion on bias and to encourage critical thinking .
The controversy speaks to the difficulties boards run into as they try to serve a diverse population , many who come to Canada from opposing sides of international conflicts .
McKell said the books that often produce the best opportunities “ are the ones that challenge readers into thinking about a particular point of view being expressed .
It ’s up to us as educators , as teachers , to ensure that different points of view are reflected in classroom discussion .
“ I do n’t think it serves us any useful purpose by shielding any of our students from controversy , ” he added .
“ The world is full of controversial issues ... and it does help to have students in our schools who reflect diversity , who bring different perspectives to issues based on their life experiences . ”
Anita Bromberg , B’Nai Brith ’s legal director , said the board ’s decision “ does n’t hit the mark ” and its solution relies on teachers who may have their own biases .
She also accused the board of on one hand deciding that Israel apartheid activities have no place in its schools , but “ at the base of those activities are the very type of propaganda you see in this book . ”
The Shepherd ’s Granddaughter has been in 138 Toronto public school libraries since last fall , and the board says no one has launched a formal complaint .
However , parent Brian
Henry sent a letter to the board , as well as the provincial education ministry , which prompted the informal review of the book by McKell and a team of experts .
McKell said they read the book “ carefully and dispassionately ” and felt the book was full of themes for teachers to explore , including multigenerational families , religion and gender stereotypes , and asks teachers to discuss issues of bias and prejudice .
And , taking a cue from York Region ’s public school board , “ we came up with the conclusion that under the appropriate guidance from teachers ” the book should remain .
The Shepherd ’s Granddaughter is not part of the curriculum , but is on the list for the Ontario Library Association ’s Forest of Reading program , which about 70 schools are taking part in .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
It was named book of the year by the Canadian Library Association .
Publisher Patsy Aldana could not be reached for comment , but in a letter to the board said an Israeli publisher is looking into buying Israeli rights , “ so incensed has he been by the attacks he has read . ”
The presence of tattoos on forensic psychiatric inpatients should alert clinicians to a possible diagnosis of Antisocial Personality Disorder ( ASPD ) , and also about the potential for histories of suicide attempt , substance abuse , and sexual abuse , according to research recently published in Personality and Mental Health .
ASPD is a mental disorder characterised by several psychological and behavioural phenomena , including a lack of empathy and remorse , a low tolerance for anxiety , and shallowness .
People with ASPD prefer action to thought , and pathological lying , cheating , stealing , physical aggression and drug abuse are not uncommon .
To be diagnosed with ASPD , the individual must have developed this behaviour before the age of 15 , and as such is qualitatively different from the idea of a scheming , dishonest business person or politician , unless the behaviour began earlier in life .
For this research , 36 male inpatients of a maximum - security state forensic psychiatric facility were studied by psychiatrists from the Michigan Center for Forensic Psychiatry ( CFP ) .
Around half of the subjects had been admitted because they were found to be unfit to stand trial and the other half had been found not guilty by reason of insanity .
Of the patients studied , 15 had tattoos and 17 were diagnosed as having ASPD .
Of those with tattoos , 11 of 15 , or 73 % , had ASPD , whereas only six of 21 , or 29 % , of those without tattoos had the same diagnosis .
The research also uncovered an increased likelihood for those with tattoos to have previously suffered from sexual abuse , abused substances or to have attempted suicide .
" Our findings suggest that forensic psychiatric inpatients with tattoos are significantly more likely to suffer from ASPD than those without tattoos , and patients with ASPD were also significantly more likely to have higher numbers of tattoos , a larger percentage of their body covered with tattoos , and tended to have tattoos in more visible locations " said lead researcher Dr. William Cardasis , of CFP , Michigan .
" I hope that this provides clues for clinicians to look for ASPD in forensic psychiatric patients with tattoos , and also to look for signs of suicide attempt , substance abuse , and sexual abuse . "
" One should keep in mind that the population studied was only a small segment of the population , and not indicative of what may or may not be relevant in the general population " added Cardasis .
" Other interesting questions which this research raises include whether adolescents with tattoos are more likely to conduct disorder than those without , and what effect the meaning and subject content of the tattoo has . "
BBC Radio 4 this morning had a brief item about margarine .
The item focused on the fact that margarine manufacturers can trumpet the presence of ‘ heart - healthy ’ omega - 3 fats on the label .
Professor Jack Winkler , Professor of Nutrition Policy at London Metropolitan University made the claim that such labelling is misleading .
It seems that margarine manufacturers are putting ‘ cheap ’ plant - based omega - 3 fats ( I assume alpha linolenic acid ) and kinda passing them off as fish oils .
Professor Winkler appeared to claim that fish - derived omega - 3 fats have proven cardiovascular benefits that do not extend to plant - derived omega - 3 .
What he wants is for food manufacturers to be able to make claims about the omega - 3 content of their products , but only if they contain actual marine omega - 3 .
Seems fine to me .
But why stop there ?
Why not look and see what evidence there is for the other nutritional attributes of this ‘ food ’ ?
The major constituents of margarine are ‘ vegetable ’ oils , obtained from foods such as sunflower seeds , rapeseed or soya beans .
These oils are usually extracted using the application of pressure and heat , and maybe the use of solvents too .
This processing can damage the fats and impart some unhealthy properties on them .
The oil obtained by this process is then treated with sodium hydroxide to ‘ neutralise ’ certain fats in the oil that are unstable and may cause spoilage .
After this , the oil is then bleached , filtered and steam - treated to produce what is essentially a colourless , flavourless liquid .
To convert this into margarine , this oil is subjected to chemical processes such as interesterifcation or hydrogenation .
Interestification involves the use of high temperature and pressure , along with enzymes or acids , to ‘ harden ’ the oil .
In hydrogenation , hydrogen is bubbled through the oil at high temperature .
The ‘ partially - hydrogenated ’ fats so produced can be tainted with trans fats that are strongly linked with heart disease .
As a result , manufacturers now use interesterification as their preferred processing method .
However , question marks remain regarding the health effects of these fats [ 1 ] – a situation that is essentially the same as the one when partially hydrogenated fats were introduced into the food supply and lauded as a healthy step forward .
After this , hydrogenation or interesterification , the solidified fat is generally blended with other fats , which can be of vegetable or animal origin .
And then the product needs to be both coloured and flavoured .
Then , what are known as ‘ emulsifying agents ’ are added to prevent the product from separating out .
And finally , the end result is extruded into a plastic tub .
While margarine is passed off as something generally healthy , it is ( in my view ) a highly - processed , chemicalised food that does not really deserve the title of ‘ food ’ at all .
It was originally sold to us on the basis that it is low in heart - stopping ’ saturated fat , and therefore a healthy alternative to butter .
However , hard as one looks , there is really no good evidence that saturated fat causes heart disease .
Oh , and then we have margarine ’s cholesterol - reducing properties .
Except that taking dietary steps to reduce cholesterol does not appear to have broad benefits for health .
And even if cholesterol - lowering did have apparently miraculous health benefits , does that mean that something that reduced cholesterol must be healthy .
If a known poison was found to reduce cholesterol , would that somehow make it ‘ healthy ’ ?
What is critically important is not the impact of a food ( or anything else ) on cholesterol levels , but it ’s impact on health .
So , what does the science show in this regard ?
One study in the scientific literature which examined the association between butter and margarine consumption and risk of heart disease in men [ 2 ] .
This study found that butter consumption was not associated with heart disease risk .
In other words , those men eating more butter were not at increased risk of suffering from heart disease .
On the other hand , margarine consumption was associated with an increased risk of heart disease : in the long term , for each teaspoon of margarine consumed each day , risk of heart disease was found to be raised by 10 per cent .
In another study [ 3 ] , this one in women , long - term margarine consumption was associated with a 67 per cent increased risk of heart disease .
These studies are old , but I ’m not able to find any newer ones .
Some say these studies reflect what we know about trans fats , but now we have interesterified fats , there ’s no cause for concern .
However , as I pointed out above , the health effects of these fats are essentially unknown .
In my opinion , we really are not in a position to declare these fats as healthy .
They may not even be safe .
It appears as though there is no good evidence that margarine is healthier than butter .
In fact , the evidence suggests butter is the preferred choice ( it also tastes better , of course ) .
The marketing of margarine to the masses seems distinctly unscientific and misleading to me , whatever the source of omega - 3 fats it may contain .
References :
1. Karupaiah T , et al .
Effects of stereospecific positioning of fatty acids in triacylglycerol structures in native and randomized fats : a review of their nutritional implications .
Nutrition & Metabolism 2007;4:16
2. Gillman MW , et al .
Margarine intake and subsequent coronary heart disease in men .
Epidemiology .
1997;8(2):144-149
3. Willett WC , et al .
Intake of trans fatty acids and risk of coronary heart disease among women .
Lancet .
1993;341( 8845 ) :581-5
OCBC Bank is one of the major banks from Singapore .
It stands for Oversea - Chinese Banking Corporation Limited and is among the oldest banks in the country .
The performance of the bank has been growing steadily over the years with a strong growth in 2017 when it recorded revenue of slightly more than USD10.1 billion .
Steady Financial Growth
OCBC Bank ’s headquarters is in OCBC Centre in the central district of Singapore .
The bank is almost a decade old where it opened its doors in 1932 .
Its primary service is in the financial sector where it provides all types of facilities for its individual and corporate customers .
This includes :
Corporate Banking
Private Banking
Retail Banking
Asset Management
Wealth Management
Investment Management
Treasury Management
As a financial services provider , OCBC is one of the most stable companies in the region .
As such , Moody ’s has rated OCBC Aa1 while it has an AA - rating from Standard & Poor as well as Fitch .
The bank was established due to the Great Depression then when 3 major banks merged .
This involved the Oversea - Chinese Bank Limited ( which was incorporated in 1919 ) , The Chinese Commercial Bank Limited ( 1912 ) and the Ho Hong Bank Limited ( which was incorporated in 1917 ) .
It was in 1932 when the 3 banks merged that gave birth to the OCBC Bank we know today .
The Global Finance magazine has always ranked OCBC Bank as the Top 5 Safest Banks in the world while for 2018 - 2019 , it has been ranked the strongest bank in Singapore by The Asian Banker .
Loans by OCBC Bank
OCBC offers several types of products under their loan categories .
Generally , OCBC
Bank offers property and personal loans which are catered for the modern adult who is looking to build a better and more convenient financial management .
Below are the various loans offered by OCBC Bank .
Different types of Personal Loans for every need
From OCBC
Bank , you can enjoy several types of personal loan that gives you a lot of flexibility in terms of the amount you wish to borrow and the total term for repayment .
Application for these loans is very efficient and convenient where you can enjoy quick cash depending on your needs .
OCBC Cash Loans –
There are 2 types of packages available from OCBC Cash Loan which are EasiCredit and Balance Transfer .
The former is typically a personal loan that lends you the cash you need with an extremely flexible payback period .
The latter allows you to get quick cash by converting the available balance you have in your credit card .
OCBC Debt Consolidation Plan –
This is , as the name implies , the loan that allows you to convert all your debts into a single account .
What you get from this loan is to easily manage your debts by consolidating them into one account while having a separate credit card to help you pay your bills better and more efficiently .
You can choose to loan between 36 and 96 months .
Take note that the longer the term you get , the lower the interest rate would be which is from as low as 10.46 % per annum
Car and vehicle loans
When it comes to buying a vehicle , you can choose among the 3 types of loans to suit your needs .
It is not always that when you apply for a vehicle loan that you would be buying a new car .
This is where you can apply for a loan for reasons such as :
New Car –
This loan is catered for those who are planning to get a new car .
You can apply or a loan of up to 70 % of the total value of up to 7 years with an attractive interest rate of 2.78 % per annum Used Car –
If you are planning to buy a used car , this loan is for you as OBCB offers you an attractive loan with interest as low as 2.98 % .
You can apply for up to 7 years of repayment and up to 70 % of the total value of the vehicle Refinancing your vehicle – A great way to cut your commitment lesser and still keep your vehicle .
You can refinance up to 100 % of the value and up to 7 years with interest rate at slightly more than 2 % per annum
Finance your Education with OCBC
When you need to play your child or your own education , you can get a loan from OCBC to help with the tuition fees and other related expenses .
This is where you can apply for either of the following :
FRANK Education Loan –
This is one loan which gives you the funds you need to further your studies either locally or overseas .
FRANK Tuition Fee Loan –
This loan is funded by the Ministry of Education where you can enjoy 0 % interest while you are still studying
Home and Property Loans
When it comes to property loans , you can actually choose between the many types of packages available .
In fact , it depends largely on what type of property you intend to buy and how long you plan to pay back .
Whether it is private property , an HDB Flat or any other type of property , you can enjoy an attractive rate from OCBC .
Another option that you can consider if you already own property is to get the refinancing loan .
This might stretch your loan a bit longer but it helps to free up some cash while ensuring that you are able to continue paying back the loan .
A proposal to ban alcoholic drinks that contain caffeine and other stimulants in California is being touted as a way to keep drinkers , especially young people , safe from a potentially dangerous combination .
But the bill by a South Bay legislator has at least one group worried : beer enthusiasts who enjoy sipping on stouts and porters infused with coffee , espresso and chocolate .
The legislation by Assemblyman Jim Beall , D - San Jose , is aimed specifically at curbing the production of malt beverages that include stimulants , which have become increasingly popular with college students and other young drinkers .
In November , federal food and drug regulators announced they were looking into the safety and legality of such drinks .
Some large alcohol producers have already agreed to discontinue production of similar beverages under an agreement with attorneys general from several states , including California , but new products have emerged .
And some beer lovers worry that an all - out ban on caffeinated malt beverages could interfere with production of artisan brews .
" This seems like it's an overreaction that could potentially harm consumers interested in legitimate products , " said San Mateo resident and home brewer David Jensen , who has been advocating against the bill on his blog , beer47.com .
" There 's something that coffee really adds to beer that you can't reproduce . "
Beall said he is working with beer lovers to make sure they can still enjoy brews such as the Cappuccino Stout from Lagunitas brewery in Petaluma .
The bill , he said , is really aimed at keeping young people safe .
Beall noted that drinks such as Joose and Four Loko quickly filled the niche left by MillerCoors and Anheuser - Busch when the companies pulled Sparks and Tilt from shelves after their 2008 agreement with the attorneys general .
" We decided we want to deal with this because a wide - awake drunk is not a good drunk - they 're a bad drunk , " said Beall , who has a long history of tackling alcohol and other substance abuse issues .
" These are usually targeted toward young , underage drinkers ... and it is a deadly , toxic combination .
They have a great deal of potency , so a drinker can be inebriated and unable to function but is wide awake . "
Health advocates and others have increasingly worried in recent years about sweet malt beverages known as " alcopops , " which often mask the flavor of alcohol and tend to be marketed to younger drinkers .
Michael Scippa , a spokesman with the Marin Institute , an alcohol industry watchdog group , said the drinks have only become more dangerous since companies began adding stimulants such as caffeine and guarana .
Scippa noted that many of these products come in 23 - ounce cans that contain the equivalent of five to eight cups of coffee , are 12 percent alcohol and are sold for $ 1.99 .
A regular energy drink , by contrast , can cost $ 2.99 , he said .
" The bottom line is they create a low price point entry drink for a lot of youth that brilliantly keeps them alert and wanting to keep drinking the product , " he said , adding that up to 60 percent of the caffeinated malt beverages sold in California are consumed by underage drinkers .
" It 's a marketer 's dream , but I do n't know how they sleep at night . "
Jensen , however , said the legislation starts California on a " slippery slope , " noting that many popular cocktails , including rum and Coke , already contain caffeine .
" A better approach would be to regulate the marketing , and have more information available , " he said .
" The Food and Drug Administration is already investigating this , and are already regulating this area .
Why is California wasting its time on this issue ? "
Robert Moog
Interview by Jason Gross ( March 1997 )
That ingenious musical contraption that we know as the sythesizer came about when Robert Moog worked out the concept for the instrument in the early ' 60s .
By then , Moog had already been running his own company for 10 years , manufacturing electronic devices / instruments .
There had been a number of electronic instruments developed before ( including the theremin , which Moog worked with ) but once the Moog synthesizer came about , it launched music into unknown dimensions .
This would also lead to the drum machines , MIDI , samplers and other electronic hardware that are commonplace in the music that you hear today .
Rock , disco , house , new age , progressive rock and many other musical styles would never be the same without the Moog .
Awards have been justly heaped on him from Universities , Billboard magazine and the NARAS ( who hand out the Grammies ) .
Today , Moog heads Big Briar , once again creating electornic instruments .
Not a bad legacy , you have to admit .
PSF : How did you get interested in electronics ?
My father was an amateur radio operator .
He taught me the basics when I was a little kid , maybe eight years old or so , and I was hooked .
PSF : Other than Theremin , were there other electronics pioneers that inspired you ?
I used to study the schematics of Hammond , Baldwin , and Wurlitzer , but I did n't find out too much about the actual people who designed the stuff until I went to college .
PSF : What led you to the creation of the synthesizer ?
In 1964 I met Herbert Deutsch , who was ( and still is ) a composer and music teacher at Hofstra University .
He asked me if I knew anything about electronic music , and told me that he wanted to find a source of electronic instruments for making new musical sounds .
I worked with Herb for a couple of weeks , at the end of which , we had some basic ideas for the synthesizer .
PSF : Were you surprised by how well accepted it became ?
Well , it did n't become accepted all that fast .
The general public did n't know about it until Walter ( later Wendy ) Carlos ' ' Switched - on Bach ' came out at the end of 1968 .
Then a whole bunch of record producers tried to cash in on Carlos ' success and produced a ton of ' Moog Records ' in 1969 and 1970 .
Most of those records were not successful , so the synthesizer fell into some disuse .
Then Keith Emerson did ' Lucky Man , ' and that started rock musicians using the synthesizer on stage .
By 1973 or so , Minimoogs were finally getting popular enough to be considered ' well - accepted ' .
So we 're talking nearly ten years between the time I began designing synthesizers and the time they became well accepted .
PSF : Were you worried that sythesizers would replace musicians / orchestras ?
I was never worried that synthesizers would replace musicians .
First of all , you have to be a musician in order to make music with a synthesizer .
And second , I never thought that analog synthesizer sounds would ever be mistaken for traditional musical instrument sounds .
To me the synthesizer was always a source of new sounds that musicians could use to expand the range of possibilities for making music .
PSF : Who were some of your first buyers of the synthesizers ?
The first person to buy a synthesizer from us was Alwin Nikolais , a choreographer of modern and experimental dance .
Nikolais was already making his own dance scores on tape .
Our second customer was Eric Siday , a well - known composer of music for radio and television commercials .
Then we made stuff for a lot of the academic and experimental musicians , especially Vladimir Ussachevsky , who founded the Columbia Princeton Electronic Music Center .
PSF : Do you see the programming flexibility with sythesizers happening with other instruments ?
For experimental musicians , having a synthesizer was right in line with experiments that had been going on with all musical instruments - finding different ways of playing conventional isntruments so that new sounds were created .
I think that these experiments affected the design of synthesizers , and the synthesizers encouraged musicians to further explore the capabilities of traditional acoustic instruments .
PSF : Synthesizers decreased in size and got more powerful ( like computers ) - was that your original intention ?
That 's a general trend of all electronic equipment .
It was n't our intention so much as something that we knew would probably happen .
PSF : Have there been some unusual synthesizer models that you 've created or helped create ?
We 've done a lot of experimental stuff that never went into production .
I think my favorite was a four - oscillator synthesizer that was controlled from a pitch follower circuit , that we built for the electric sax player Eddie Harris .
Eddie used it for years and made several records with it .
PSF : Are there any particular synthesizer musicians who you enjoy or find bring out the real potential of the instrument ?
That 's a really hard question to answer .
Every creative musician brings out something different from the synthesizer .
To name a couple , I 've enjoyed everything that Wendy Carlos , Jan Hammer , and Keith Emerson have done .
I 've also enjoyed some really interesting work that experimental composers like Jon Weiss have done .
PSF : What do you think was your original musical intentions with the synthesizer - making sound effects , imitating other instruments , making unique sounds , all of these ?
It was certainly not imitating other instruments !
' Making unique sounds ' is close to our original musical intentions .
I would say that we wanted to give musicians new ways of working with sounds .
PSF : John Cage and David Tudor worked on some designs for syntheziers .
What kind of work did they do in this regard ?
John Cage was a composer .
He was a ' systems ' person , meaning that he thought in terms of hooking up different already - existing devices into an elaborate system .
David Tudor was also a composer , but he built most of his own equipment .
For him , his equipment was an integral and inseparable component of his compositions .
I would n't say that either John Cage or David Tudor actually designed synthesizers .
PSF : Are there any particular creations / inventions related to the synthesizer that you are especially proud of ?
Well , I 'm well - known for the lowpass filter that is the basis of ' the Moog Sound ' .
It 's a simple circuit but it works really well .
Also , just the idea of a modular system where everything works with everything else has turned out to be a useful concept for musicians .
PSF : Other companies sprung up making synthesizers ( ARP , Oberheim ) - what made Moog different ?
I do n't think there 's any one thing .
Each of us had our own sense of what kind of sounds were good , what kind of front panel controls musicians would relate to most easily , and what electronic functions would be best .
I can't tell you , for sure , what made the Moog instruments sound the way they did .
It 's a combination of a lot of subtle but small things .
PSF : Did you see the progression to sequencers , MIDI and tape samplers as inevitable ?
Sure .
There were lots of predecessors to those things .
Look at the Mellotron , with its tape loops .
It was n't too hard to see that once digital audio became possible , Mellotron technology would give way to what we now call samplers .
The same is true of MIDI and sequencers .
PSF : What led you back to working with theremins ?
I never stopped working with theremins .
Even while I worked for Moog Music and Kurzweil , I built custom theremins from time to time .
After I left Kurzweil and returned to North Carolina , I decided to come up with a completely new theremin design .
That became our ' Series 91 ' instruments .
We 've been making them for about six years now .
PSF : What do you think is the future of synthesizers ?
Back in the late ' 70s , I wrote a long article on the future of electronic music for a magazine called ' The Music Journal . '
In that article , I predicted that the band of the future would have its own finely - crafted custom controllers , but that the sound - producing hardware would be standardized to the point where it would be part of the facilities of the hall , like a sound system .
I think we 're getting close to that now .
Look at instruments like the ' Zen Drum ' which is a beautiful percussion controller that plugs into fairly standard sound modules via MIDI .
I still think that this is the future : finely - crafted control devices ( performance interfaces ) , standardized sound producers , and a network like MIDI to link the two .
At a glimpse , they may look like some pretty sharp photos , but actually all those pictures are hand drawn with a humble Bic ballpoint pen !
Can you believe this photorealism ?
Human eye can be fooled so easily !
Spanish artist Juan Francisco Casas , who ’s around 33 at the time of writing this , uses up to four 14 p ballpoint pens to create his stunningly realistic drawings , measuring up to 10ft ( 3 meters ) high .
The use of penballs makes this talented artist ’s drawings even more peculiar , which certainly has played a big role in his way to success .
Juan ’s source of drawing ideas comes from his own photographs of nights out with his friends , and his works are already a sell - out at exhibitions .
You can only imagine how wild his parties are , as half of his cool drawings include girls that forgot to put on their clothes .
So , if you really want to feel bad about your pen drawings – have a look at these 25 Incredibly Photorealistic Drawings drawn with a humble BIC PEN .
P.S do n’t forget to visit juanfranciscocasas.com for more of his unique art .
This article has been cited by 1 Two Cases of Unilateral Lichen Planus Following the Lines of Blaschko Derya Yayla , Seray Külcü Çakmak , Isil Deniz Oguz , Müzeyyen Gönül , Esra Özhamam , Aysel Çolak , Ülker Gül Annals of Dermatology .
2014 ; 26( 5 ) : 636 [ Pubmed ] | [ DOI ] 2 Linear lesions in dermatology Malvankar , D.D. , Sacchidanand , S. , Mallikarjun , M. , Nataraj , H.V. Indian Journal of Dermatology , Venereology and Leprology .
2011 ; 76(6 ) : 722-726 [ Pubmed ]
3 Anti-double - stranded DNA - positive unilateral generalized morphea in an adult , possibly exacerbated by ibuprofen Kraigher , O. , Brenner , S. , Tur , E. Archives of Dermatology .
2009 ; 145 ( 7 ) : 844-846 [ Pubmed ]
4 Linear atrophoderma of Moulin | [ Atrophodermia linearis Moulin ] Palle , M. , Bayerl , C. Aktuelle Dermatologie .
2009 ; 35 ( 1 - 2 ) : 46-48 [ Pubmed ] 5 Two Cases of Linear Alopecia on the Occipital Scalp Chin-Ho Rhee , Seong - Min Kim , Myung Hwa Kim , Yong Woo Cinn , Chull - Wan Ihm Annals of Dermatology .
2009 ; 21( 2 ) : 159-163 [ Pubmed ] | [ DOI ] 6 Unilateral mosaic cutaneous vascular lesions , enchondroma , multiple soft tissue chondromas and congenital fibrosarcoma - A variant of Maffucci syndrome ?
Katz , P. , Colbert , R. , Drolet , B. Pediatric Dermatology .
2008 ; 25 ( 2 ) : 205-209 [ Pubmed ]
7 Lesiones cutáneas hipopigmentadas y facies particular L. Galán Bertrand , V. Esteban Cantó , F. Aleixandre Blanquer , L. Ortiz Ortiz , J. Jover Cerdá Anales de Pediatría .
2007 ; 66( 3 ) : 329 [ Pubmed ] | [ DOI ] 8 Blaschkolinear dermatosis : A fascinating dermatological pattern Ul Bari , A. Journal of Pakistan Association of Dermatologists .
2005 ; 15 ( 4 ) : 293-295 [ Pubmed ]
EXCLUSIVE : MTV is adding two projects to its scripted slate .
The cable network is close to a 12 - episode order to Good Vibes , an animated comedy from The Pineapple Express director David Gordon Green .
Additionally , it has ordered a comedy pilot tentatively titled THAT Girl .
Launching a scripted lineup of live - action and animated series has been a priority for MTV ’s president of programming Tony DiSanto who recently hired veteran David Janollari to head the network ’s scripted development .
Good Vibes was originally developed at Warner Bros. TV through Tom Werner ’s studio - based Good Humor TV production company .
It was given a pilot presentation order by Fox in the fall of 2008 , with 20th Century TV attached to produce .
Good Humor ’s Werner and Mike Clements , along with Green , executive produced the presentation , whose voice cast included Adam Brody , Alan Tudyk , Danny McBride , Debi Mazar , Jake Busey , Josh Gad and Olivia Thirlby .
Green , Werner and Clements are now on board to executive the Good Vibes series for MTV as is the animator of the original presentation Brad Ableson .
Talks are underway with the cast of the presentation to possibly return .
The single - camera THAT Girl centers on Jenna Hamilton , a high school sophomore and wallflower striving for attention who gets her wish and more when a clumsy bathroom accident has the whole school convinced she ’d tried to commit suicide .
Lauren Iungerich wrote the script and is executive producing .
Millicent Shelton is set to direct the pilot , which is now casting .
As part of MTV ’s push on the scripted side , DiSanto said in January the network plans to greenlight six to eight scripted pilots this year and launch two to four scripted series .
The network ’ new comedy series The Hard Times Of RJ Berger premieres June 6 .
MTV brass are still evaluating for series pickups its scripted pilots Teen Wolf , an updated take on the 1985 movie , and Skins , based on the British teen series .
MTV , which found its way out a ratings slump with unscripted hits like Jersey Shore , 16 and Pregnant and its spinoff Teen Mom , was a highlight on Viacom ’s earnings call yesterday , with Viacom president / CEO Phillippe Dauman touting MTV ’s highest - rated quarter in nearly two years .
" Happy is the man who knows the causes of things . "
While I work on this week ’s comic feel free to enjoy this Halloween costume I ’ve been working on with my ridiculously talented friend Tina for the past couple weeks .
( and yes I did shave my head for real )
She makes a living on cosplay commission type stuff , so if you ’re looking for some crazy lightweight foam fabricated armour or a Rorschach grappling gun or anything like that , it ’s worth checking out her site !
The ' most prolific ' serial killer in U.S. history is sentenced to death as police fear he could be behind 130 murders
Police have released more than 100 photographs of unidentified women and girls amid fears they could be the victims of America 's worst ever serial killer .
The pictures were taken by Rodney Alcala , who was sentenced to death by lethal injection for the savage murders of a 12 - year - old girl and four women .
However , the 66 - year - old has admitted killing another 30 women in the 1970s and police believe there could be many more victims .
Unrepentant : Serial killer Rodney Alcala in court shortly before he was sentenced to death for the murders of four women and a 12 - year - old girl
They have already linked him to the deaths of two Seattle teenagers aged 13 and 17 , and a 19 - year - old who vanished from the same area , as well as two women in New York and several more in Los Angeles .
The photos were discovered hidden in a storage locker in Seattle , Washington , where Alcala , an amateur photographer , kept his possessions before his arrest .
Although many of the 1,000 pictures were innocent poses in a park or on the beach , some women had stripped off for the camera .
Police believe that Alcala - who is known in the U.S. as the Dating Game Killer because he once appeared on America 's version of Blind Date - kept the photographs as sick souvenirs of his victims .
The women in the photos range in age from schoolgirls to women in their 20s and 30s , and are believed to come from across the U.S.
Two of the pictures may have been taken after the women were murdered .
Victims : Jill Barcomb ( left ) was killed when she was 18 while Robin Samsoe was only 12 when she died in 1979
Torment : Alcala was also found guilty of murdering ( left to right ) Jill Parenteau , Georgia Wixted and Charlotte Lamb
Prosecutor Matt Murphy said : ' We 'd like to locate the women in these pictures .
Did they simply pose for a serial killer or did they become victims of his sadistic , murderous pattern ?
' He committed unspeakable acts of horror .
He gets off on the infliction of pain on other people .
He 's an evil monster who knows what he is doing is wrong and does n't care . '
Detective Claiff Shepard said : ' He 's right up somewhere below Hitler and right around Ted Bundy .
It is not humane what he does to these victims .
It is tortuous . '
Alcala - who defended himself during his trial - preyed on women and girls by offering to take their photographs .
He then raped his victims , strangled them until they were unconscious before reviving them and killing them .
The photographer , who is said to have a genius IQ of 160 , often boasted of his winning an episode of the American version of Blind Date .
However , the woman who chose him later cancelled their date because she found him ' too creepy ' .
Distraught : Marianne Connelly , centre , mother of 12 - year - old victim Robin Samsoe , is comforted by friends at her daughter 's grave
Alcala appeared unconcerned about his fate on Tuesday , when he was given the death sentence for kidnapping and murdering 12 - year - old Robin Samsoe , who disappeared after leaving home for ballet class on her bicycle in 1979 .
He laughed and talked throughout the trial at Orange County Superior Court , even after also being convicted of murdering four Los Angeles women - Georgia Wixted , 27 , Jill Barcomb , 18 , Charlotte Lamb , 32 , and Jill Parenteau , 21 - between 1977 and 1979 .
It took nearly 30 years for the law to catch up with him .
He was previously convicted twice of killing Robin , but the verdicts were overturned .
An earring that belonged to the little girl was also found with the photo cache .
America 's most prolific serial killer is often considered to be Henry Lee Lucas , who was convicted of four murders in the late 1970s although police believe he may have been responsible for more than 200 .
After his imprisonment , Lucas confessed to 600 killings although he later claimed he had lied to become famous .
Ted Bundy is believed to have raped and murdered 35 women between 1973 and 1978 , although police believe there are many more victims .
He was executed in 1989 by electric chair for his last murder in Florida .
The Crumb Cap was created by a mom of three and is a hair bib of sorts that keeps your little one ’s noggin clean , no matter how messy mealtime gets .
The waterproof , non-vinyl lightweight cap wipes clean , and is soft and comfy on the inside .
Your little one can learn to self - feed while you focus on other things besides sticky , gooey hair !
ORAN , Algeria ( Reuters ) - Algerian Energy Minister Chakib Khelil said on Saturday he believed OPEC could do nothing at this stage to restrain rising oil prices , despite concerns the high cost of energy could hurt the economic recovery .
“ I do not see really what OPEC can do to have any impact on the prices at this stage because the increase in prices is not led by the lack of supply , but it is really led by the economic recovery , ” Khelil told a news conference .
“ We have ample supply .
The stocks are very high , ” he said in the Algerian city of Oran , which on Monday is hosting a meeting of some of the world ’s biggest gas exporters .
Oil prices have nearly tripled from the lows near $ 30 ( 19 pounds ) a barrel seen at the end of 2008 to around $ 85 per barrel as investors eye signs of an economic recovery .
The International Energy Agency , which advises industrialised economies , warned on Friday that oil prices at $ 85 could endanger the fragile recovery by feeding into higher energy costs for businesses and consumers .
The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries could in theory increase output quotas to try to cool prices but members have shown no sign of wanting to do that .
Venezuela ’s oil minister said this week he saw no need for an increase in output unless there was a robust strengthening of demand , and Kuwait ’s oil minister said OPEC would only consider raising output if oil went above $ 100 per barrel .
GAS SUMMIT
Algeria is hosting a meeting of the Gas Exporting Countries Forum -- whose 11 members account for about 70 percent of the world ’s gas reserves and are looking for ways to reverse a slump in gas prices .
Khelil will ask ministers to study a proposal to make coordinated cuts in supply to the spot market in natural gas , a step the organisation has never before taken and which could send a ripple of alarm through consumer countries .
But so far other member states have not explicitly backed the Algerian proposal .
Asked if it was still realistic , Khelil said that was for the meeting to determine .
“ All the ministers are arriving ...
They will have the chance to evaluate the study and make the appropriate decision so I am not going to make any forecast about what ’s going to happen in that meeting , ” he said .
But he warned that a prolonged period of low gas prices would harm consumers as well as producers because it would force a scaling back in investment in gas products , creating a shortage when demand recovers .
“ We want an appropriate price for both producers and consumers .
The appropriate price helps boost investments by producers but any collapse of prices would have a negative impact on projects , ” said Khelil .
Skip to comments .
Out to Steal Your Pension The 401(k ) Could Prove a History - Making Fiasco
Posted on by B. A. Conservative
The 401(k ) Could Prove a History - Making Fiasco
By K.C. Swanson
Staff Reporter
04/08/2002 07:06 AM
EDT
It 's starting to look like 401 ( k ) plans will go down in history as a costly failure .
In fact , the abandonment of old - fashioned pension plans is likely to leave many Americans poorer in their old age .
Evidence shows that as 401 ( k ) s have taken hold , employees have lost ground in their retirement savings -- even during one of the greatest bull markets in history .
In the last 10 or 15 years , companies have increasingly pushed the burden of managing pensions onto their workers .
During the market 's boom years , workers rarely complained .
Indeed , few regretted the disappearance of defined - benefit plans in an era in which 401 ( k ) plans offered access to double - digit stock market gains .
Now it 's clear that many employees either can't afford to make adequate contributions or do n't understand that they must .
In 2001 , fewer than 7 % of 401 ( k ) participants contributed the maximum allowed amount to their plans , according to Cerulli Associates , a fund consulting group .
Moreover , because the average U.S. worker has little training in financial planning , some have assumed far too much risk , while others have invested too cautiously -- and both moves damage long - term returns .
Granted , not everyone has lost out with 401 ( k ) plans .
Employees with high incomes , financial know - how and an interest in investments stand to benefit from a system of self - managed retirement accounts .
But few people fit that profile .
Retirement Savings : Facing a Shortfall
Surprising as it may seem after a decade of prosperity , Americans on the verge of retirement actually have less money saved now than 15 years ago .
For those aged 47 to 64 , inflation - adjusted median retirement wealth -- including defined - contribution plans , defined - benefit plans and the value of Social Security benefits -- actually fell by 11 % between 1983 and 1998 , according to a study by New York University economist Edward Wolff .
Yet for the same age group , average retirement wealth rose 4 % .
In other words , over the last 15 years , wealthier people gained retirement wealth , the less affluent lost it .
It 's no coincidence that in the meantime , 401 ( k ) s were elbowing out defined - benefit plans as the retirement plan of choice .
By 1998 , well over half of workers close to retirement owned a 401( k ) .
" 401 ( k ) s are good if you can accumulate a lot of money , but medium - wage workers just have n't accumulated as much .
Lower - income workers did much better under [ defined - benefit ] plans , " says Wolff .
401 ( k ) s Win the Popularity Contest
As traditional pension plans lose ground 1983 1989 1998 % of households with defined - contribution plan 12.2 % 28.3 % 58.9 % % of households with defined - benefit plan 68.9 60.8 43.5 Source : Study by Edward Wolff , based on data from Federal Reserve 's Survey of Consumer Finances .
Meet Your New Pay Cut , the 401( k )
Given their unimpressive track record , how did 401 ( k ) s get to be so popular in the first place ?
It helped that the plans became widespread in the '90s , amid a period of double - digit stock market gains .
Back then , 401 ( k ) s were touted as a means to access potential stock market riches -- unlike defined - benefit plans , with their stodgy guaranteed payouts .
401 ( k ) s also offered portable benefits , letting workers take their retirement funds with them if they changed jobs .
But at least as important as their appeal to workers was that 401 ( k ) s saved employers money .
" 401 ( k ) plans in general are seen to be cheap because the company does n't have to make as large contributions , " says Annika Sunden , associate director for research at Boston College 's Center for Retirement Research .
Under a defined - benefit plan , a typical company might pay an average of around 8 % of its payroll into a pension account , with individual payouts based on a retiree 's salary and tenure at the firm .
But with a 401 ( k ) , a company could pay benefits of anywhere between 3 % of payroll , if it provides a match to employee contributions , to nothing at all .
By switching from defined - benefit plans to 401 ( k ) s , companies have effectively cut worker benefits .
But there 's little evidence that they have simultaneously raised wages to offset that effect .
Moreover , in line with the faltering economy , companies have cut the amount of money they contribute to worker plans .
" 401 ( k ) 's are profit - sharing plans .
People have forgotten that .
When profits decline , company contributions decline as well , " says David Wray , president of the Profitsharing / 401( k ) Council of America , an employer trade association .
In a survey of 909 member companies , the council found that their average contributions to 401 ( k ) plans dropped from 3.3 % of payroll in 1999 to 2.5 % in 2000 .
Contributions declined further in 2001 , though no specific number has been released yet .
The bottom line : Many employees with 401 ( k ) 's are n't saving enough money to retire .
A survey by the Employee Benefit Research Institute found that among workers aged 40 to 59 , 39 % reported savings of less than $ 50,000 .
Less than one - fourth have saved $ 100,000 or more .
Such low totals are not a reflection , however , of declining contributions .
Despite the down market , contributions to 401 ( k ) s increased 10 % from 1999 to 2000 , according to Cerulli .
The firm projects that contributions grew another 10.1 % in 2001 , though the information has n't been made official .
But partly because of the down market , the average 401 ( k ) account balance declined 0.1 % in 2001 , according to the ICI .
How the Savings Stack Up
Total accumulated for retirement , by age group All Workers Workers 20 - 39 Years Workers 40 - 59 Years Retirees ( age 60 + ) Nothing 15 % 22 % 13 % 11 % $ 1-9,999 12 21 9 16 $ 10,000 - $ 24,999 11 15 8 9 $ 25,000 -$ 49,999 9 9 9 4 $ 50,000 - $ 74,999 8 7 7 4 $ 75,000 -$ 99,999 5 3 7 5 $ 100,000 - $ 149,999 6 3 6 3 $ 150,000 - $ 249,999 6 2 8 5 $ 250,000 or more 6 2 9 9 Do n't know / refused 23 16 24 36 Source : January 2002 Retirement Confidence Survey , sponsored by Employee Benefit Research Institute and American Savings Education Council .
Social Security Wo n't Pick Up the Slack
Some folks may be betting that Social Security will come to their aid in retirement .
Indeed , almost half of current retirees 60 and older say Social Security is the biggest share of their income .
But the federal program is not likely to be able to pick up the slack in the future .
Already , payouts are on the decline .
In the 15 - year period ending in 1998 , the value of Social Security benefits to households with people aged 47 and over declined 11 % .
Among the reasons : average hourly wages have declined in that period , as have the average hours worked .
Also , fewer people are married , and married people reap bigger Social Security benefits .
Moreover , with the very structure of Social Security up for debate , it seems risky for younger workers to expect generous benefits when they reach old age .
Where They Plan to Get It
Expected largest sources of income in retirement , by age group All Workers Workers 20 - 39 Years Workers 40 - 59 Years Retirees ( age 60 + )
Money you ( and / or your spouse ) put into a retirement plan at work 30 % 38 % 25 % 7 % Personal savings or investments outside a work - related retirement plan 14 18 13 9 Workplace pension 14 12 15 22 Social Security 13 7 16 48 Employment 9 10 9 1 Money provided by an employer through a contribution to a retirement account 7 4 9 1 Money from the sale of your home or business 6 4 6 5 Other government income programs , such as SSI or veterans ' benefits 3 3 3 5 Support from your children or other family members 1 2 1 0.5 Source : January 2002 Retirement Confidence Survey , sponsored by Employee Benefit Research Institute and American Savings Education Council .
As it stands , of course , the tenuous footing of Social Security in the future has grabbed all the attention .
But it 's becoming clear that many Americans also have n't put enough money aside in their private retirement accounts , the other key component of retirement security .
And unlike the '90s , today there 's no soaring stock market to give anyone reason to think insufficient retirement funds could go the distance .
" I think the stock market hype really clouded this [ retirement savings ] issue , " says Wolff .
" The boom largely benefited the rich , but it has n't really filtered down that much . "
TOPICS :
Business / Economy
KEYWORDS :
pension
theft
Hang on folks .
This type of hype has always been the prelude to a major assault by Democrats and other liberals to steal your wealth so they can use it to buy the votes of their constituents .
Democrats are flat evil , and pose a far greater threat to the United States than the likes of Osama bin Laden or anyone else but China .
In the absence of Democrats , China would not have been a threat in our life times .
Interested in Fighting Back ?
To : B. A. Conservative
bump
To : B. A. Conservative
A sucker born every minute .
The 401 ( k ) scam .
Hey buddy , give me 15 % of your paycheck .
In 30 years I 'll give you a million dollars .
ok ?
Oh you want your money now ?
Well you will have to pay a penalty and outragous taxes .
SCAM SCAM SCAM !!!!
To : B. A. Conservative
Well , I 'm always suspicious of statistics like " between / from 19xx to 19xx . "
The arbitrary period cited is invariably one that agrees with the author 's presumptions .
But the author is probably right that 401 ( k ) 's are not appropriate for most people .
I predict that in , say , 10 years ' time participation in 401 ( k ) 's will greatly decline and defined benefit plans will make a big comeback .
To : Tauzero
and then the company providing the pension payouts goes bankrupt and what do you get ?
Nothin . I 'm stickin ' with 401k .
To : rohry ; TigerLikesRooster ; arete ; Dukie ; Billy_bob_bob ; headsonpikes ; razorback - bert ...
Bear market mass psychology ping .
To : Musket
TANSTAAFL .
Also true of 401 ( k ) s .
To : CJ Wolf
Social Security takes 15.3 % of your paycheck ( up to the Wage Base ) and gives you a magnificent rate of return of maybe 2 % .
It 's probably the worst deal , compared to corporate defined benefit and defined contribution plans .
To : B. A. Conservative
In 2001 , fewer than 7 % of 401 ( k ) participants contributed the maximum allowed amount to their plans , Oh brother , at my last job I could have saved up to 16 % of my income .
Who says that 16 % ( plus company matching ) is the minimum that people need to save ?
To : Musket
Corporate defined benefit plan contributions are deposited in a trust .
The corporation is not allowed to touch the money once it's in the trust .
The corporation is subject to penalties if it does not put enough money into the trust .
Finally , if there is not enough money in the trust to pay benefits , the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation will pay for them .
To : B. A. Conservative
This article 's spin and paternalism are annoying .
So the poor , stupid worker who does n't know that he 's supposed to save and can't handle those confusing investments needs someone -- the government , perhaps -- to step in and take car of him .
The real story is that the returns on a 401 k blow away " returns " on our Social Security " investments " ( Clinton - speak for " taxes " ) .
Give me ownership of MY SS , put in my account , the supposed " lockbox , " and I 'll make out just fine , thank you .
I 'll take the freedom and accept the responsibility .
To : Looper
Hi Looper .
No argument from me with devolving social security back to the individual , if it is done correctly : 1 ) the individual must control , 2 ) must be mandatory withholding that the individual self - directs , 3 ) investment options are pre-defined within certain catagories that can be " re- balanced " periodically , and 4 ) the account assets are owned by the individual and can be transferred upon death to beneficiaries .
These would be the major provisions for a new social security program , IMHO .
Now , so far as the private citizen being responsible for their future ?
They already are .
Social Security is not much to live on in your retirement years and , as far as I kow , no one is forcing anyone to contribute to ANYTHING except the SSA .
To : Tauzero
Granted , not everyone has lost out with 401 ( k ) plans .
Employees with high incomes , financial know - how and an interest in investments stand to benefit from a system of self - managed retirement accounts .
But few people fit that profile .
I guess two years of flat market indexes has finally got people 's attention ...
We managed to invest our way to $ 250,000 in 12 years despite not fitting that profile ...
Is anyone here familiar with the Steel industry bailout ?
The primary reason for that was to continue to be able to fund retired Steel - workers pensions ...
To : Looper
" The real story is that the returns on a 401 k blow away ' returns ' on our Social Security ' investments ' ( Clinton - speak for " taxes " ) . "
In a few years the real story might be quite different .
To : Gig
" 1 ) the individual must control , 2 ) must be mandatory withholding that the individual self - directs , 3 ) investment options are pre-defined within certain catagories that can be " re- balanced " periodically , and 4 ) the account assets are owned by the individual and can be transferred upon death to beneficiaries . "
Oh yeah , that sounds like a really attractive program .
</ sarcasm >
Comment # 16 Removed by Moderator
To : Looper
Yes , we must protect people from their own weakness , because only WE represent the People 's Will !
It was n't any fun with Robespierre , and it got less and less fun with each rerun .
To : B. A. Conservative
Granted , not everyone has lost out with 401 ( k ) plans .
Employees with high incomes , financial know - how and an interest in investments stand to benefit from a system of self - managed retirement accounts .
But few people fit that profile .
Hell , I 'm a financial moron and I even * I * put a bunch of money away in my 401 ( k ) .
Pensions wo n't work any more -- nobody stays employed at the same company these days ....
To : CJ Wolf
A sucker born every minute .
The 401 ( k ) scam .
Hey buddy , give me 15 % of your paycheck .
In 30 years I 'll give you a million dollars .
ok ?
Oh you want your money now ?
Well you will have to pay a penalty and outragous taxes .
SCAM SCAM SCAM !!!!
If you come to us in thirty years with your tin cup held out , plaintively begging for your rent , I will tell you very politely to go away .
To : Gig
We ought to have a system similar to what is in place in Chile .
Agusto Pinochet had one of his advisors ( one of Milton Friedman 's students ) , set their retirement system up based on free market principles .
The government mandates 10 % of a persons gross wages be contributed to a retirement plan that has been approved by the government .
The investor can move his / her money around and has control of it .
This investment is n't taxed .
This system has been in place since the mid 70's , and has replaced their version of SSI .
The result ?
The citizens of Chile have their own secure retirement system that is n't under government control .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Image by riotcitygirl via Flickr
As luck would have it , just a few days after I posted how the rampart hierarchy and cliques of TT have started morphing it into an online wasteland , a similar situation has exploded in reddit where a well known moderator of multiple subreddits has been uncovered as a paid marketer .
Needless to say , the shit has hit the fan and a full blown witch hunt has started in some places .
The main reason for this was two - fold it seems .
One was that the people believe that the mods of reddit have some secret power with which to improve their own post rankings and thus drive more traffic to the sites they are promoting .
The second one is that it is considered a major faux - pas to submit links to reddit in exchange for money , even if this is done within the rules of reddit and without spamming .
This marketer faux - pas is nothing unexpected seeing how much marketers are disliked and not only online .
I personally do n’t have so much of a problem with it as long as its not abusing the rules of the system and trust in communities to self - moderate against egregious spammers .
However it seems to me that the main reason people are up in arms are because of the status of one such person as a moderator and the powers they assume this grants them .
The secret mod powers fear on the other hand , is not true and based only on speculation .
Mods cannot promote anything to the front secretly and nor can they delete something and repost it themselves .
Their powers are limited mostly in weeding out spam and getting rid of abusive users .
However , while these powers are more limited than most other online communities , they can still be abused as has been the case previously when some mods went into paranoid power - trips and destroyed the communities around them with their actions .
The bad part is that any acts on the part of the moderators are hidden from the general populace .
This breeds paranoia and conspiracy theories which can even create dissatisfaction and hostility when people think they ’re smelling something fishy going on .
This is not helped by the fact that some mods have attempted to abuse their powers .
If this bad in reddit , it is 10 times as bad in places like online fora where the moderators have far more power at their disposal and can quickly and easily quell any ( small ) dissent .
In fact this points out how hierarchical power works on a scale where the more of it you have , the less healthy the community becomes .
This is the primary reason why I ’ve stopped using fora for the most part ( even anarchist ones ) .
The underlying mechanisms and power they bestow on the mods and the power users below them create an oppressive environment , even when this is not explicitly attempted .
It is in fact why I ’ve become a regular of reddit and of /r / anarchism especially , which has gone to great lengths to combat the built - in hierarchy of the system and has become a superior community because of this .
While the solution we have implemented there , such as a large number of moderators , have been criticized by people who did not understand their underlying reasons , the community as a whole has benefited with the peace of mind that comes from knowing that it will be difficult for any one mod to abuse their position since the rest will quickly revert their acts .
From being able to see that we do not conspire in the not - secret - anymore mod char and from being able to observe the banned list of users and posts .
There ’s simply no reason for people to suspect foul play and this shows in the interactions people have there .
I would go as far as to say that the psychological aspect is really one of the most important reasons why moderator power must be held accountable .
Most people become far more meek than they would have otherwise been when they know they are arguing with a moderator .
The looming fear of “ if I piss him off too much I ’m going to face consequences down the road “ , even when the mod does not generally act like this , is enough of a fear to skew the conversation .
People are not any more discussing as equals and this shows .
Speaking for myself , even when I challenge a moderators without holding back because I do n’t care principally if I ’m banned , I still feel a gripping claw of fear in my chest as I think “ Oh oh , I pissed him off too much and he ’s going to take action . ”
I do not want to feel this and I do not want this to affect me , but it does and I have to actively suppress and fight it .
Even the most benevolent moderator , much like the most benevolent boss or most benevolent king , retains power over you and this shows in your interactions with them .
Ttransparency is one of the most important measures required when you have any sort of necessary power structure .
This is what allows accountability to work and by its mere existence it keeps the powers of the moderators in check as they cannot pass themselves as benevolent dictators when they are abusing their powers behind the scenes , which is unfortunately the curse many online communities suffer :
Mods being benevolent in general but not averse to using their power in the few unwarranted instances they feel strongly about .
This in turn slowly creates an oppressive environment of “ toe the line or else ” , even to those not affected by those actions but simply having seen them .
The most unfortunate is when those convince themselves that such was the right thing to do , just because that person was a mod in the first place .
Power justified power sort of thing .
Accountability is the sister principle to transparency and cannot exist without it .
It is what makes sure that the power of a community lies on the people who comprise it and not the few at the top .
A community with accountability is healthier because of it , because people know and expect that their problems will be heard and have an impact .
While it ’s better not to have any hierarchies at all due to the detrimental effect they have , when their existence is necessitated by the environment ( such as an online community existing in a spam and troll heavy internet ) they need to be held as accountable as possible .
Some may complain that the power over a community shoud be rightfully held by those who initiated it ( such as the admin of a forum ) but this is a flawed perspective .
The owner of the forum does not make a community by themselves , nor do they make it a success ( while they can of course play a significant role in this ) .
It ’s the people comprising it who do and thus they ones who deserve the power over it .
It perpetually frustrates me when I encounter people who act as if an online community is the private property of the server admin and therefore they should be justified to act however they like .
It is because of the way that transparency and accountability prevent abuse and power - tripping from the few at the top that you ’ll inevitably see those same few at the top opposing these principles with all kinds of excuses .
“ It will not help us at all ” , “ It will reduce privacy ” , “ It will only make people bitch more ” , “ It will facilitate spammers ” , etc etc .
For all their excuses , at the end it comes down to those at the top not wanting to dilute their own power through the community .
Even when they claim that being the moderators is a heavy load and more of a duty than a privilege , they steadfastly refuse to share the burden .
To anyone reading between the lines , the motivations are obvious and occasionally they become striking just by the way one argues against it .
In summary , Accountability of those at the top ( when having someone at the top is structurally necessary ) makes for a healthier community as it reduces the chances for abuse of power as well as the real ( cronyism , cliques etc ) and the psychological ( fear , paranoia etc ) after - effects these cause to the member of the community at large .
Transparency is a sister and necessary step before accountability is even possible .
Given these argument , any and all of us need to push for more of these principles wherever we may lurk online .
It will always be beneficial , even when rabidly opposed by those who ’s power is set to be diluted by them .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has called on Israel to make " difficult but necessary choices " if it wants a peace agreement with the Palestinians .
Mrs Clinton warned that the status quo was " unsustainable " in a speech to a pro-Israel lobby group .
Her comments come amid a dispute between the US and Israel over plans for 1,600 new homes in East Jerusalem .
On Sunday , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ruled out halting settlement construction in the city .
ANALYSIS Jeremy Bowen , Middle East editor , BBC News
In the end there was no booing , which some had expected .
The audience of 7,500 activists from one of the strongest political lobbies in America interrupted Secretary Clinton 's speech with applause more than 25 times .
They liked her tough words about Iran .
But they were largely silent as she explained why the US had condemned Israel 's latest plans to build for Jews on occupied territory in Jerusalem .
She presented the Obama administration as an unshakeable friend of Israel , unafraid to give it straight advice about its best interests .
The status quo , she said , was not sustainable , even if some in Israel thought that it was .
Without going into too much detail , she sketched out the settlement the US wanted - a Palestinian state alongside Israel , living in peace , with borders based on the ceasefire line that held until Israel captured the West Bank and East Jerusalem in 1967 .
Jerusalem , at the centre of the recent row between the US and Israel , needed a solution that would realise the aspirations of both sides , she said .
That 's code for a Palestinian capital as well as an Israeli one .
Easy to talk about , very hard to achieve .
The Palestinian Authority is furious at Israel 's insistence on building on occupied territory .
It sees it as a serious stumbling block to the resumption of talks , which have been stalled for more than a year .
Nearly 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
They are held to be illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
In her speech to a convention in Washington of the influential Aipac ( American Israel Public Affairs Committee ) , Mrs Clinton underscored the Obama administration 's " rock solid " commitment to Israel .
" Guaranteeing Israel 's security is more than a policy position for me .
It is a personal commitment that will never waver , " she said .
But , she added , it is Washington 's " responsibility to give credit when it is due and to tell the truth when it is needed " .
New construction in East Jerusalem or the West Bank " undermines mutual trust " and " exposes daylight between Israel and the United States that others in the region hope to exploit " she said .
Mrs Clinton has demanded Mr Netanyahu move to restore confidence in the peace process , including extending the suspension of new building in the West Bank to include East Jerusalem .
In a telephone call on Friday , the Israeli prime minister proposed a series of " trust - building measures " that represented " a real effort " to aid US peace efforts .
Although details have not yet been made public , Israeli officials say these include an agreement to discuss all outstanding issues in the indirect " proximity talks " being mediated by US special envoy George Mitchell .
However Israel will not discuss a freeze on settlement construction in Jerusalem .
The status quo is unsustainable for all sides .
It promises only violence and unrealised aspirations
Hillary Clinton
US Secretary of State
History lessons for US policy ?
Israel - US : A bruised friendship Issues : Borders and settlements " As far as we are concerned , building in Jerusalem is like building in Tel Aviv , " Mr Netanyahu told his cabinet on Sunday .
But Mrs Clinton warned in her speech to Aipac that the " status quo is unsustainable for all sides " and " promises only violence and unrealised aspirations " .
" There is another path - a path that leads toward security and prosperity for all the people of the region .
It will require all parties including Israel to make difficult but necessary choices , " she said .
Mrs Clinton also spoke of the need for sanctions against Iran over its nuclear programme .
She called for " sanctions that will bite " .
Iran says its nuclear programme is for peaceful , civilian use , but the US disagrees .
" Let me be very clear : The United States is determined to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons , " the secretary of state said .
If Iran developed a nuclear weapon , it would embolden terrorists and spark an arms race that would destabilise the Middle East , Mrs Clinton said .
" This is unacceptable to the United States , unacceptable to Israel and unacceptable to the region and the international community , " she added .
The US and its allies have been pressing for sanctions on Iran , but China and Russia have so far resisted them .
Talks sought Mr Mitchell , Mr Obama 's Middle East envoy , is back in the region .
WHAT IS AIPAC ?
Full name : the American Israel Public Affairs Committee " The most important organisation affecting America 's relationship with Israel " ( New York Times ) 100,000 members , mostly American Jews .
Not registered as a lobby for Israel because it does not receive money from Israel Political influence comes from ability to raise money to back congressional candidates who support its agenda
In 2005 , a Pentagon analyst pleaded guilty to passing US government secrets to two Aipac officials who were later fired Critics say it tends to favour more right - wing Israeli government policies and distorts US foreign policy Speaking in the Jordanian capital , Amman , he said the US was seeking an early resumption of the stalled indirect talks between Israel and the Palestinians .
After meeting the Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , Mr Mitchell urged the two sides to exercise restraint .
His latest visit comes amid increased tension between Israel and the Palestinians .
On Sunday , Israeli soldiers shot dead two Palestinians in the West Bank .
The circumstances were unclear , but one report said the soldiers opened fire when the Palestinians tried to stab them .
Two Palestinian youths were killed by Israeli troops on Saturday following violent clashes with Jewish settlers .
Mr Netanyahu is due to meet Mrs Clinton , President Barack Obama and Vice - President Joe Biden in Washington on Tuesday during a visit which will also see him address Aipac members .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Enlarge By Michael Rozman , AP Ellen DeGeneres says she admires Constance McMillen for challenging Itawamba County School District rules that would prevent her from escorting her girlfriend to the prom .
Constance McMillen By Matthew Sharpe for The Clarion - Ledger Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres called Fulton , Miss. , teen Constance McMillen part of a new generation of leaders for her stand for gay rights and presented her with a $ 30,000 college scholarship check .
DeGeneres , who is gay , had McMillen as a guest on her syndicated show that aired Friday .
" I admire you so much , " she told the 18 - year - old senior from Itawamba Agricultural High School .
" When I was your age I never would have had the strength to do what you are doing . "
NEW HOPE : Offers flood in to save Miss .
prom LEGAL : ACLU files against school for canceling prom CANCELED : Prom called off after lesbian 's date request Last week , the Itawamba County school board canceled a planned April 2 prom after McMillen challenged the district 's policy banning same - sex dates .
McMillen also had asked to wear a tuxedo to the prom , but was told by the district that girls must wear gowns .
McMillen , aided by the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi , filed a federal lawsuit against district officials for alleged violations of her First Amendment right to freedom of expression and asked that the prom be reinstated .
A hearing on that request is slated for Monday in Aberdeen .
In their one public statement , school board members said they canceled the prom because it was causing a distraction to the educational mission of the high school .
They also cited safety concerns as a factor in their decision , while expressing their desire that a private group host the prom .
McMillen has made a number of television appearances since the board 's decision to cancel the prom , but none with the audience of DeGeneres ' show .
DeGeneres said she had offered to pay for a private prom for McMillen and her classmates , but McMillen said she wanted the school district to hold the dance .
Instead , DeGeneres presented her with an oversized $ 30,000 check from the website Tonic.com , which describes itself as a " digital media company dedicated to promoting the good that happens each day around the world . "
Tonic.com also offered McMillen a summer internship in New York City , DeGeneres said .
The website is raising money for a second - chance prom for students in Mississippi that would include gay and lesbian students .
The Mississippi Safe Schools Coalition is organizing the dance , but has not released any details about it .
Joyner reports for The ( Jackson , Miss . ) Clarion - Ledger .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Those looking for economic bright spots will not find it in foreclosures or bankruptcies .
Please consider Sharp Increase in March in Personal Bankruptcies from the New York Times .
Federal courts reported over 158,000 bankruptcy filings in March , or 6,900 a day , a rise of 35 percent from February , according to a report to be released on Friday by Automated Access to Court Electronic Records , a data collection company known as Aacer .
Filings were up 19 percent over March 2009 .
The previous record over the last five years was 133,000 in October .
“ Even with the restrictive new law , we ’re back up over where we were before the law changed , ” Mike Bickford , president of Aacer , said in a phone interview Thursday from his headquarters in Oklahoma City .
Other experts point out that filings invoking Chapter 7 of the bankruptcy code , a simple and inexpensive option , are rising faster than more complex Chapter 13 reorganization filings , under which consumers repay a portion of their debts so they can keep their homes , suggesting that more homeowners are simply walking away from underwater mortgages .
Statistics from the United States Trustee Program , the Justice Department office that oversees bankruptcy cases , show that Chapter 7 filings as a percentage of all bankruptcies have increased to about 73 percent in 2009 from about 62 percent in 2006 - 07 .
Of the 158,141 bankruptcy filings in March , 118,505 , or 75 percent , were Chapter 7s and 38,241 were Chapter 13s , the Aacer report says .
Riding high on a wave of good publicity from the leaders debate , the Liberal Democrats ' Nick Clegg has stated that he wants the Digital Economy Act repealed and issues debated by a full parliament .
The bill was criticised by many technophiles , as well as the likes of Google and O2 weighing in after it was pushed through in the parliamentary wash - up period – with only a handful of MPs debating the Bill .
The Liberal Democrats did oppose the bill , however , and speaking at the The Student Room , Clegg insisted that the Lib Dems would call for the Act 's repeal should it be involved in the next government .
Did our best
" We did our best to prevent the Digital Economy Bill being rushed through at the last moment .
It badly needed more debate and amendment , and we are extremely worried that it will now lead to completely innocent people having their internet connections cut off , " said Clegg .
" It was far too heavily weighted in favour of the big corporations and those who are worried about too much information becoming available .
It badly needs to be repealed , and the issues revisited . "
You can view the session at file://///www.thestudentroom.co.uk/nickclegg
APRIL 30 -- In what may be the most entertaining music video homage ever shot in a war zone , a group of American soldiers stationed at a military base in southwest Afghanistan star in a lip - synced version of Lady Gaga 's hit " Telephone . "
The video , which yesterday began to spread online , was filmed recently inside what appears to be a garage at the Forward Operating Base in Farah Province .
Posted to YouTube a week ago , the 3:45 production -- complete with props , signs , and costumes -- features an all - male cast from the 82nd Airborne Division .
The video was the brainchild of Aaron Melcher , a married 24 - year - old soldier who graduated in 2004 from North Carolina 's Gramercy Christian School .
Melcher opens the video in a pas de deux , of sorts , with fellow enlistee Justin Baker , who is not nearly as enthusiastic a dancer as the gyrating Melcher , who incorporated elements of the original video 's choreography in his desert remake .
On these pages , you 'll find video stills of Melcher 's co-stars , along with photos of most of the soldiers in their normal work clothes .
Melcher , pictured at left , can be seen in the video wearing , a la Gaga , a revealing top fashioned out of yellow police tape .
The 23 - year - old Baker , wearing a belly - bearing shirt , is accessorized with a pink " Drama Queen " sash .
Soldier Kenneth Eichler wears short shorts and a pair of oversized yellow shades .
Other performers include a shirtless James Conley , telephone - wearing Private First Class Kory Roberts , sign carrier Mike Castor , and Joshua Pilon , whose costume could not be discerned .
Contacted last night , Melcher declined to answer questions .
The video , he noted , was intended to be for " a couple of our friends and family and you can see that it has blown up way more than that ... nobody in the video would like any further media coverage . "
When he first uploaded " Telephone : The Afghanistan Re-make , " Melcher told Facebook friends to " feel free to share it with the world . "
He added , " it 's the hotness . "
Melcher and several of his fellow soldiers have carefully monitored the spiraling number of views their video has received .
On Wednesday , Pilon posted a brief update on his Facebook wall : " 5,000 views ... I 'm going to be Famous !!! "
In a post on his Facebook page , Conley wrote of the video , " this is what people do with they free time in Afghanistan .
Its crazy out here .
And yeah im in it too . "
The video 's cinematographer , Douglas Lake , termed the clip " funny as shit " in a message Wednesday on his Facebook page .
Lake added , " i couldnt stop laughin while I recorded it lol . " ( 8 pages )
This is Connected , a self - portrait sculpture by artist Kasey McMahon .
It 's made entirely of Cat 5 cables and other wires , wrapped around a steel frame .
It 's absolutely stunning .
Advertisement
I do , though , wish I could stop myself from thinking how annoying it'd be to untangle all of those cords .
[ Atypical Art via NOTCOT via Geek.com ]
Most Americans seem to regard 15 April – the day income tax returns are due to the Internal Revenue Service – as a recurring tragedy on the order of a biblical plague .
Particularly this year , with US government deficits soaring , everyone from the Teabaggers to Senate Republicans are reviving a scary Friday the 13th scenario from the 1990s about a return to Big Government .
Recently Rudy Giuliani even stated that President Obama was moving us towards – heaven forbid – European social democracy .
Europe frequently plays the punching bag role during these moments because there is a perception that the poor Europeans are overtaxed serfs .
But a closer look reveals that this is a myth that prevents Americans from understanding the vast shortcomings of our own system .
A few years ago , an American acquaintance of mine who lives in Sweden told me that , quite by chance , he and his Swedish wife were in New York City and ended up sharing a limousine to the theatre district with a southern US senator and his wife .
This senator , a conservative , anti-tax Democrat , asked my acquaintance about Sweden and swaggeringly commented about " all those taxes the Swedes pay " .
To which this American replied , " The problem with Americans and their taxes is that we get nothing for them . "
He then went on to tell the senator about the comprehensive level of services and benefits that Swedes receive .
" If Americans knew what Swedes receive for their taxes , we would probably riot , " he told the senator .
The rest of the ride to the theatre district was unsurprisingly quiet .
The fact is , in return for their taxes , Europeans are receiving a generous support system for families and individuals for which Americans must pay exorbitantly , out - of - pocket , if we are to receive it at all .
That includes quality healthcare for every single person , the average cost of which is about half of what Americans pay , even as various studies show that Europeans achieve healthier results .
But that 's not all .
In return for their taxes , Europeans also are receiving affordable childcare , a decent retirement pension , free or inexpensive university education , job retraining , paid sick leave , paid parental leave , ample vacations , affordable housing , senior care , efficient mass transportation and more .
In order to receive the same level of benefits as Europeans , most Americans fork out a ton of money in out - of - pocket payments , in addition to our taxes .
For example , while 47 million Americans do n't have any health insurance at all , many who do are paying escalating premiums and deductibles .
Indeed , Anthem Blue Cross announced that its premiums will increase by up to 40 % .
But Europeans receive healthcare in return for a modest amount deducted from their paychecks .
Friends have told me they are saving nearly a hundred thousand dollars for their children 's college education , and most young Americans graduate with tens of thousands of dollars of debt .
But many European children attend for free or nearly so ( depending on the country ) .
Childcare in the US costs over $ 12,000 annually for a family with two children , but in Europe it cost about one - sixth that amount , and the quality is far superior .
Millions of Americans are stuffing as much as possible into their IRAs and 401 ( k ) s because social security provides only about half the retirement income needed .
But the more generous European retirement system provides about 75 - 85 % ( depending on the country ) of retirement income .
Either way , you pay .
Americans ' private spending on old - age care is nearly three times higher per capita than in Europe because Americans must self - finance a significant share of their own senior care .
Sixty million American workers have no paid sick leave , millions more have no paid parental leave following a birth , and so must self - finance their own time off .
But Europeans receive all this in exchange for their taxes .
Americans also tend to pay more in local and state taxes , as well as in property taxes .
Americans also pay hidden taxes , such as $ 300 bn annually in federal tax breaks to businesses that provide health benefits to their employees .
When you sum up the total balance sheet , it turns out that Americans pay out just as much as Europeans – but we receive a lot less for our money .
Unfortunately these sorts of complexities are not calculated into simplistic analyses like Forbes ' annual Tax Misery Index , a " study " which shows European nations as the most miserable and the low - tax United States as happy as a clam – right next to Indonesia , Malaysia and the Philippines .
But Forbes only adds up income tax , social security , sales tax or VAT and a few other minor fees .
A thorough analysis would need to create a ledger in which all the supports and services Europeans receive are listed on one side and the amount of taxes and any additional fees they pay are listed on the other ; and then do a similar analysis for Americans , listing what Americans pay in taxes as well as out - of - pocket expenses for those same services .
In this economically competitive age , increasingly these kinds of services are necessary to ensure healthy , happy and productive families and workers .
Europeans have these supports , but most Americans do not unless you pay a ton out of pocket .
Or unless you are a member of Congress , which of course provide European - level support for its members and their families .
That 's something to keep in mind on 15 April .
Happy Tax Day .
There 's a feeling one gets when one sits behind the wheel of a really big stupid military - lite American Hummer .
You have that feeling of being strong and safe , high on your pleather throne , above the fray , above the danger , not having to listen to anyone or anything , the rumble of a too - big motor giving you a wiggle and jiggle and tickle inside you .
You have the power to run over anyone else on the road , if they dare monkey with you and your Hummer .
Do n't tread on you .
Kill one of ours , we 'll kill 100 of yours .
You 're Arnold Schwarzenegger before he was a wimpy whining begging politician in a state ...
What is Abuse ?
Emotional , Verbal , and Psychological Abuse , Domestic and Family Violence and Spousal Abuse
By : Dr. Sam Vaknin
Click HERE to view the video
TIP SHEET : Cope with Your Abuser
Click HERE for Articles Menu
Click HERE for A Classification of Abusive Behaviors
Follow me on Twitter , Facebook ( my page or the book ’s ) , YouTube , or Instagram
Click HERE to Download Videos about narcissists , psychopaths , and abuse in relationships
Malignant Self Love - Buy the Book - Click HERE !!!
Relationships with Abusive Narcissists - Buy the e-Books - Click HERE !!!
The Web Sam Vaknin Sites
READ THIS : Scroll down to review a complete list of the articles - Click on the blue - coloured text !
Subscribe to narcissisticabuse Powered by groups.yahoo.com
Articles Menu
I. The Gradations of Abuse
II .
The Guilt of the Abused - Pathologizing the Victim
III .
Coping with Your Abuser
IV .
The Abuser in Denial
V. Avoiding Your Abuser - The Submissive Posture
VI .
Avoiding Your Abuser - The Conflictive Posture
VII .
The Tocsins of Abuse - How to Spot an Abuser on Your First Date
VIII .
The Tocsins of Abuse - The Abuser 's Body Language
IX .
The Path to Abuse
X. Ambient Abuse and Gaslighting
XI .
Abuse by Proxy
XII .
Leveraging the Children
XIII .
Tell Your Children the Truth
XIV .
The Relief of Being Abandoned
XV .
How to Cope with Your Paranoid Ex
XVI .
Avoiding Your Paranoid Ex
XVII .
The Three Forms of Closure
XVIII .
Coping with Stalking and Stalkers
XIX .
Getting Help
XX . Domestic Violence Shelters
XXI .
Planning and Executing Your Getaway
XXIa .
Should You Get the Police Involved ?
XXIb .
Restraining Orders and Peace Bonds
Violence in the family often follows other forms of more subtle and long - term abuse : verbal , emotional , psychological sexual , or financial .
It is closely correlated with alcoholism , drug consumption , intimate - partner homicide , teen pregnancy , infant and child mortality , spontaneous abortion , reckless behaviours , suicide , and the onset of mental health disorders .
Most abusers and batterers are males – but a significant minority are women .
This being a " Women 's Issue " , the problem was swept under the carpet for generations and only recently has it come to public awareness .
Yet , even today , society – for instance , through the court and the mental health systems – largely ignores domestic violence and abuse in the family .
This induces feelings of shame and guilt in the victims and " legitimizes " the role of the abuser .
Violence in the family is mostly spousal – one spouse beating , raping , or otherwise physically harming and torturing the other .
But children are also and often victims – either directly , or indirectly .
Other vulnerable familial groups include the elderly and the disabled .
Abuse and violence cross geographical and cultural boundaries and social and economic strata .
It is common among the rich and the poor , the well - educated and the less so , the young and the middle - aged , city dwellers and rural folk .
It is a universal phenomenon .
Abusers exploit , lie , insult , demean , ignore ( the " silent treatment " ) , manipulate , and control .
There are many ways to abuse .
To love too much is to abuse .
It is tantamount to treating someone as an extension , an object , or an instrument of gratification : one partner is in love with the idea of being in love , of loving someone , anyone - and the other partner is emotionally invested in the idea of being loved by someone , anyone .
Both partners are takers , both objectify each other , and both treat each other as mere tools or functions in the fulfilment of their own dreams , expectations , and emotional needs .
To be over - protective , not to respect privacy , to be brutally honest , with a sadistic sense of humour , or consistently tactless – is to abuse .
To expect too much , to denigrate , to ignore – are all modes of abuse .
There is physical abuse , verbal abuse , psychological abuse , sexual abuse .
The list is long .
Most abusers abuse surreptitiously .
They are " stealth abusers " .
You have to actually live with one in order to witness the abuse .
There are four important categories of abuse :
Click HERE for A Classification of Abusive Behaviors
I. Overt Abuse
The open and explicit abuse of another person .
Threatening , coercing , beating , lying , berating , demeaning , chastising , insulting , humiliating , exploiting , ignoring ( " silent treatment " ) , devaluing , unceremoniously discarding , verbal abuse , physical abuse and sexual abuse are all forms of overt abuse .
II .
Covert or Controlling Abuse
Abuse is almost entirely about control .
It is often a primitive and immature reaction to life circumstances in which the abuser ( usually in his childhood ) was rendered helpless .
It is about re-exerting one 's identity , re-establishing predictability , mastering the environment – human and physical .
The bulk of abusive behaviors can be traced to this panicky reaction to the remote potential for loss of control .
Many abusers are hypochondriacs ( and difficult patients ) because they are afraid to lose control over their body , its looks and its proper functioning .
They are obsessive - compulsive in an effort to subdue their physical habitat and render it foreseeable .
They stalk people and harass them as a means of " being in touch " – another form of control .
To the abuser , nothing exists outside himself .
Meaningful others are extensions , internal , assimilated , objects – not external ones .
Thus , losing control over a significant other – is equivalent to losing control of a limb , or of one 's brain .
It is terrifying .
Independent or disobedient people evoke in the abuser the realization that something is wrong with his worldview , that he is not the centre of the world or its cause and that he cannot control what , to him , are internal representations .
To the abuser , losing control means going insane .
Because other people are mere elements in the abuser 's mind – being unable to manipulate them literally means losing it ( his mind ) .
Imagine , if you suddenly were to find out that you cannot manipulate your memories or control your thoughts ...
Nightmarish !
In his frantic efforts to maintain control or re-assert it , the abuser resorts to a myriad of fiendishly inventive stratagems and mechanisms .
Here is a partial list :
Unpredictability and Uncertainty ( Intermittent Reinforcement )
The abuser acts unpredictably , capriciously , inconsistently and irrationally .
This serves to render others dependent upon the next twist and turn of the abuser , his next inexplicable whim , upon his next outburst , denial , or smile .
Withholding ( of sex , affection , care , and empathy ) and other passive - aggressive behaviors ( such as “ silent treatment ” ) are integral to this variant of abusive conduct .
The abuser makes sure that HE is the only reliable element in the lives of his nearest and dearest – by shattering the rest of their world through his seemingly insane behaviour .
He perpetuates his stable presence in their lives – by destabilizing their own .
TIP
Refuse to accept such behaviour .
Demand reasonably predictable and rational actions and reactions .
Insist on respect for your boundaries , predilections , preferences , and priorities .
Disproportional Reactions
One of the favourite tools of manipulation in the abuser 's arsenal is the disproportionality of his reactions .
He reacts with supreme rage to the slightest slight .
Or , he would punish severely for what he perceives to be an offence against him , no matter how minor .
Or , he would throw a temper tantrum over any discord or disagreement , however gently and considerately expressed .
Or , he would act inordinately attentive , charming and tempting ( even over - sexed , if need be ) .
This ever - shifting code of conduct and the unusually harsh and arbitrarily applied penalties are premeditated .
The victims are kept in the dark .
Neediness and dependence on the source of " justice " meted and judgment passed – on the abuser – are thus guaranteed .
TIP
Demand a just and proportional treatment .
Reject or ignore unjust and capricious behaviour .
If you are up to the inevitable confrontation , react in kind .
Let him taste some of his own medicine .
Dehumanization and Objectification ( Abuse )
People have a need to believe in the empathic skills and basic good - heartedness of others .
By dehumanizing and objectifying people – the abuser attacks the very foundations of human interaction .
This is the " alien " aspect of abusers – they may be excellent imitations of fully formed adults but they are emotionally absent and immature .
Abuse is so horrid , so repulsive , so phantasmagoric – that people recoil in terror .
It is then , with their defences absolutely down , that they are the most susceptible and vulnerable to the abuser 's control .
Physical , psychological , verbal and sexual abuse are all forms of dehumanization and objectification .
TIP
Never show your abuser that you are afraid of him .
Do not negotiate with bullies .
They are insatiable .
Do not succumb to blackmail .
If things get rough – disengage , involve law enforcement officers , friends and colleagues , or threaten him ( legally ) .
Do not keep your abuse a secret .
Secrecy is the abuser 's weapon .
Never give him a second chance .
React with your full arsenal to the first transgression .
Abuse of Information
From the first moments of an encounter with another person , the abuser is on the prowl .
He collects information .
The more he knows about his potential victim – the better able he is to coerce , manipulate , charm , extort or convert it " to the cause " .
The abuser does not hesitate to misuse the information he gleaned , regardless of its intimate nature or the circumstances in which he obtained it .
This is a powerful tool in his armory .
TIP
Be guarded .
Do n't be too forthcoming in a first or casual meeting .
Gather intelligence .
Be yourself .
Do n't misrepresent your wishes , boundaries , preferences , priorities , and red lines .
Do not behave inconsistently .
Do not go back on your word .
Be firm and resolute .
Impossible Situations
The abuser engineers impossible , dangerous , unpredictable , unprecedented , or highly specific situations in which he is sorely needed .
The abuser makes sure that his knowledge , his skills , his connections , his sexuality , or his traits are the only ones applicable and the most useful in the situations that he , himself , wrought .
The abuser generates his own indispensability .
( continued below )
This article appears in my book , " Malignant Self - love : Narcissism Revisited "
Click HERE to buy the print edition from Amazon ( click HERE to buy a copy dedicated by the author )
Click HERE to buy the print edition from Barnes and Noble
Click HERE to buy the print edition from the publisher and receive a BONUS PACK
Click HERE to buy electronic books ( e- books ) and video lectures ( DVDs ) about narcissists , psychopaths , and abuse in relationships
Click HERE to buy the ENTIRE SERIES of sixteen electronic books ( e- books ) about narcissists , psychopaths , and abuse in relationships
Click HERE for SPECIAL OFFER 1 and HERE for SPECIAL OFFER 2
Follow me on Twitter , Facebook ( my personal page or the book ’s ) , YouTube
TIP
Stay away from such quagmires .
Scrutinize every offer and suggestion , no matter how innocuous .
Prepare backup plans .
Keep others informed of your whereabouts and appraised of your situation .
Be vigilant and doubting .
Do not be gullible and suggestible .
Better safe than sorry .
III .
Control and Abuse by Proxy
If all else fails , the abuser recruits friends , colleagues , mates , family members , the authorities , institutions , neighbours , the media , teachers – in short , third parties – to do his bidding .
He uses them to cajole , coerce , threaten , stalk , offer , retreat , tempt , convince , harass , communicate and otherwise manipulate his target .
He controls these unaware instruments exactly as he plans to control his ultimate prey .
He employs the same mechanisms and devices .
And he dumps his props unceremoniously when the job is done .
Another form of control by proxy is to engineer situations in which abuse is inflicted upon another person .
Such carefully crafted scenarios of embarrassment and humiliation provoke social sanctions ( condemnation , opprobrium , or even physical punishment ) against the victim .
Society or a social group become the instruments of the abuser .
Triangulation is the coerced introduction of a third party into a relationship , either in the role of a go - between ( bridge ) or in order to abuse by proxy ( of which marital infidelity is one form . )
A three - way arrangement is always unstable .
In such an environment , the narcissist or psychopath is desirable and indispensable because he appears to keep all his options open ( for instance , romantically , with the third party . )
TIP
Often the abuser 's proxies are unaware of their role .
Expose him .
Inform them .
Demonstrate to them how they are being abused , misused , and plain used by the abuser .
Trap your abuser .
Treat him as he treats you .
Involve others .
Bring it into the open .
Nothing like sunshine to disinfest abuse .
IV .
Ambient Abuse and Gaslighting
The fostering , propagation and enhancement of an atmosphere of fear , intimidation , instability , unpredictability and irritation .
There are no acts of traceable explicit abuse , nor any manipulative settings of control .
Yet , the irksome feeling remains , a disagreeable foreboding , a premonition , a bad omen .
This is sometimes called " gaslighting " .
In the long term , such an environment erodes the victim 's sense of self - worth and self - esteem .
Self - confidence is shaken badly .
Often , the victim adopts a paranoid or schizoid stance and thus renders himself or herself exposed even more to criticism and judgment .
The roles are thus reversed : the victim is considered mentally deranged and the abuser – the suffering soul .
TIP
Run !
Get away !
Ambient abuse often develops to overt and violent abuse .
You do n't owe anyone an explanation - but you owe yourself a life .
Bail out .
Continue ...
APPENDIX : A Classification of Abusive Behaviors
Abusive conduct is not a uniform , homogeneous phenomenon .
It stems and emanates from multiples sources and manifests in a myriad ways .
Following are a few useful distinctions which pertain to abuse and could serve as organizing , taxonomical principles ( dimensional typologies ) in a kind of matrix .
1. Overt vs. Covert abuse
Overt abuse is the open and explicit , easily discernible , clear - cut abuse of another person in any way , shape , or form ( verbal , physical , sexual , financial , psychological - emotional , etc. ) .
Covert abuse revolves around the abuser 's need to assert and maintain control over his victim .
It can wear many forms , not all of which are self - evident , unequivocal , and unambiguous .
2. Explicit vs. Stealth or Ambient abuse ( Gaslighting )
A more useful distinction , therefore , is between explicit ( manifest , obvious , indisputable , easily observable even by a casual spectator or interlocutor ) and stealth ( or ambient ) abuse , also known as gaslighting .
This is the fostering , propagation and enhancement of an atmosphere of fear , intimidation , instability , unpredictability and irritation .
There are no acts of traceable explicit abuse , nor any manipulative settings of control .
3. Projective vs. Directional abuse
Projective abuse is the outcome of the abuser 's projection defense mechanism .
Projection is when the abuser attributes to others feelings and traits and motives that he possesses but deems unacceptable , discomfiting , and ill - fitting .
This way he disowns these discordant features and secures the right to criticize and chastise others for having or displaying them .
Such abuse is often cathartic ( see the next pair of categories ) .
Directional abuse is not the result of projection .
It is a set of behaviors aimed at a target ( the victim ) for the purpose of humiliating , punishing , or manipulating her .
Such abusive conduct is functional , geared towards securing a favored and desired outcome .
4. Cathartic vs. Functional abuse
While pair number ( 3 ) above deals with the psychodynamic roots of the abuser 's misbehavior , the current pair of categories is concerned with its consequences .
Some abusers behave the way they do because it alleviates their anxieties ; enhances their inflated , grandiose self - image ; or purges " impurities " and imperfections that they perceive either in the victim , or in the situation ( e.g. , in their marriage ) .
Thus , such abuse is cathartic : it is aimed at making the abuser feel better .
Projective abuse , for instance , is always cathartic .
The other reason to abuse someone is because the abuser wants to motivate his victim to do something , to feel in a certain way , or to refrain from committing an act .
This is functional abuse in that it helps the abuser to adapt to his environment and operate in it , however dysfunctionally .
5. Pattern ( or structured ) vs. Stochastic ( or Random ) abuse
Some abusers heap abuse all the time on everyone around them : spouse , children , neighbors , friends , bosses , colleagues , authority figures , and underlings .
Abusive conduct is the only way they know how to react to a world which they perceive to be hostile and exploitative .
Their behaviors are " hard - wired " , rigid , ritualistic , and structured .
Other abusers are less predictable .
They are explosive and impulsive .
They have a problem with managing their anger .
They respond with temper tantrums to narcissistic injuries and real and imaginary slights ( ideas of reference ) .
These abusers appear to strike " out of the blue " , in a chaotic and random manner .
6. Monovalent vs. Polyvalent abuse
The monovalent abuser abuses only one party , repeatedly , viciously , and thoroughly .
Such abusers perpetrate their acts in well - defined locations or frameworks ( e.g. , at home , or in the workplace ) .
They take great care to hide their hideous exploits and present a socially - acceptable face ( or , rather , facade ) in public .
Their are driven by the need to annihilate the object of their maltreatment , or the source of their frustration and pathological envy .
In contrast , the polyvalent abuser casts his net wide and far and does not " discriminate " in choosing his prey .
He is an " equal opportunity abuser " with multiple victims , who , often , have little in common .
He is rarely concerned with appearances and regards himself above the Law .
He holds everyone - and especially authority figures - in contempt .
He is usually antisocial ( psychopathic ) and narcissistic .
7. Characteristic ( personal style ) vs. Atypical abuse
Abuse amounts to the personal style of most Pattern , or Structured abusers ( see point 5 above ) .
Demeaning , injurious , humiliating , and offensive behavior is their modus operandi , their reflexive reaction to stimuli , and their credo .
Stochastic , or Random abusers act normatively and " normally " most of the time .
Their abusive conduct is an aberration , a deviation , and perceived by their nearest and dearest to be atypical and even shocking .
8. Normative vs. Deviant abuse .
We all inflict abuse on others from time to time .
Some abusive reactions are within the social norms and not considered to be indicative or a personal pathology , or of a socio- cultural anomie .
In certain circumstances , abuse as a reaction is called for and deemed healthy and socially - commendable .
Still , the vast majority of abusive behaviors should be regarded as deviant , pathological , antisocial , and perverse .
It is important to distinguish between normative and deviant abuse .
A total lack of aggression is as unhealthy as a surfeit .
The cultural context is critical in assessing when someone crosses the line and becomes an abuser .
Financial Abuse ( Interview granted to the Guardian , June 29 , 2013 )
Q. Would narcissists often try to restrict their partner 's independence by reducing their access to shared family finances ?
Why ?
A. Narcissists are control freaks , paranoid , jealous , possessive , and envious .
They are the sad products of early childhood abandonment by parents , caregivers , role models , and / or peers .
Hence their extreme abandonment anxiety and insecure attachment style .
Fostering financial dependence in their nearest and dearest is just another way of making sure of their continued presence as sources of narcissistic supply ( attention . )
He who holds the purse strings holds the heart 's strings .
Reducing other people to begging and cajoling also buttresses the narcissist 's grandiose fantasy of omnipotence and provides him with a somewhat sadistic gratification .
Q. Would it also happen with female narcissists exercising control over men ?
A. Yes .
There is no major psychodynamic difference between male and female narcissists .
Q . What advice would you give to someone in a relationship with a narcissist ?
Should they try to keep their finances separate ?
A . They should never allow themselves to be irrevocably separated from their family of origin and close friends .
They should maintain their support network and refuse to become a part of the narcissist 's cult - like shared psychosis .
They should make sure that they have independent sources of wealth ( a trust fund ; real estate ; bank accounts ; deposits ; securities ) and sustainable sources of income ( a job ; rental income ; interest and dividends ; royalties ) .
Above all : they should not share with their narcissistic intimate partner the full , unmitigated details of their life and critical bits of information such as banking passwords and safe box access codes .
Q. I understand that narcissists will sometimes sacrifice their finances and get into big trouble financially ( even going bankrupt ) in order to satisfy other narcissistic desires - so I presume this means that narcissists are also people whose finances can be instable ?
A . It is not as simple as that .
The classic narcissist maintains an island of stability in his life ( e.g. : his job , business , and finances ) while the other dimensions of his existence ( e.g. , interpersonal relations ) wallow in chaos and unpredictability .
The narcissist may marry , divorce , and remarry with dizzying speed .
Everything in his life may be in constant flux : friends , emotions , judgements , values , beliefs , place of residence , affiliations , hobbies .
Everything , that is , except his work .
His career is the island of compensating stability in his otherwise mercurial existence .
This kind of narcissist is dogged by unmitigated ambition and devotion .
He perseveres in one workplace or one job , patiently , persistently and blindly climbing up the corporate ladder and treading the career path .
In his pursuit of job fulfilment and achievements , the narcissist is ruthless and unscrupulous – and , very often , successful .
The borderline narcissist reacts to instability in one area of his life by introducing chaos into all the others .
Thus , if such a narcissist resigns ( or , more likely , is made redundant ) – he also relocates to another city or country .
If he divorces , he is also likely to resign his job .
This added instability gives this type of narcissist the feeling that all the dimensions of his life are changing simultaneously , that he is being " unshackled " , that a transformation is in progress .
This , of course , is an illusion .
Those who know the narcissist , no longer trust his frequent " conversions " , " decisions " , " crises " , " transformations " , " developments " and " periods " .
They see through his pretensions , protestations , and solemn declarations into the core of his instability .
They know that he is not to be relied upon .
They know that with narcissists , temporariness is the only permanence .
Narcissists hate routine .
When a narcissist finds himself doing the same things over and over again , he gets depressed .
He oversleeps , over - eats , over - drinks and , in general , engages in addictive , impulsive , reckless , and compulsive behaviours .
This is his way of re-introducing risk and excitement into what he ( emotionally ) perceives to be a barren life .
The problem is that even the most exciting and varied existence becomes routine after a while .
Living in the same country or apartment , meeting the same people , doing essentially the same things ( even with changing content ) – all " qualify " , in the eyes of the narcissist , as stultifying rote .
The narcissist feels entitled .
He feels it is his right – due to his intellectual or physical superiority – to lead a thrilling , rewarding , kaleidoscopic life .
He wants to force life itself , or at least people around him , to yield to his wishes and needs , supreme among them the need for stimulating variety .
RESOURCES
Open Site Encyclopaedia - Family Violence
The Toxic Relationships Study List
" Trauma Bonding " and the Psychology of Torture
Traumas as Social Interactions
Spousal ( Domestic ) Abuse and Violence
Intimacy and Abuse
Domestic Violence and Abuse statistics - Click here
Personality Disorders
Narcissism at a Glance
Narcissistic Personality Disorder at a Glance
Narcissistic Personality Disorder Tips
Healthy Place Narcissistic Personality Disorder ( NPD ) Community
Case Studies on the Psychopath and Narcissist Survivors Support Group
Ask Sam on the Psychopath and Narcissist Survivors Support Group
Ask Sam on the Narcissistic Abuse Recovery Forum
Child Abuse and Recovery Book Review
Inner Child Healing Book Review
Chats and Interviews
Financial Times :
When narcissism becomes pathological ( click HERE to download the article )
Healthy Place Narcissism and Abuse Videos
Narcissists as Abusers TV Shows
( Click " On Demand " at the bottom of the player and select the relevant shows on narcissism and abuse )
Healthy Place CHAT with Sam Vaknin
Relationships with Abusive Narcissists CHAT
Narcissists in the Workplace Chat Transcript
Listen to Network Courage Interview : HERE and HERE
Listen to an Interview with Monda Williams
Help Me Rhonda !
radio talk show on narcissists
Audrey Michelle Talks to Sam Vaknin – Click HERE , HERE , HERE , or HERE
Listen to an Interview with Phil Hendrie - Part I , Part II
WhoHub Interview
WebMD Chat with Sam Vaknin
Mental Health Today Chat
Dialogs about Narcissism and Abuse
New Narc City - Interview in the New York Press
More !
Magazine :
Has your man got a cheating disorder
Listen to an INTERVIEW with Sam Vaknin
Listen to Conversations with a Narcissist - Click HERE for MP3
Narcissism - Listen to the Infinite Mind Radio Show
Mirror , Mirror - Interview with the Toronto Sun
Click HERE to download a ZIP file with interviews , chat transcripts , dialogs , bibliographies , and scholarly articles
Copyright Notice
This material is copyrighted .
Free , unrestricted use is allowed on a non commercial basis .
The author 's name and a link to this Website must be incorporated in any reproduction of the material for any use and by any means .
Additional Q&A's
Go Back to Home Page !
Journal Entries
Frequently Asked Questions about Pathological Narcissism
Excerpts from the Archive of the Narcissism List
The Narcissism List Home Page
Abusive Relationship Newsletter
Other Topics
Philosophical Musings
After the Rain - How the West Lost the East
Internet : A Medium or a Message ?
Poetry of Healing and Abuse : My Poems
English Fiction at Gorgelink - Click HERE !
FREE - Read New Short Fiction
Write to me : palma@unet.com.mk or narcissisticabuse-owner@yahoogroups.com
Betty ( Elizabeth Boynton ) Millard , feminist , writer , photographer , political activist and philanthropist , born on Columbus Day 1911 under the presidency of William Howard Taft , died at her home in New York City on March 6 , in the second year of President Barack Obama .
Born to a conservative wealthy family in Highland Park , Illinois , that claimed a lateral relationship to President Millard Fillmore , Betty found her true home when she moved to New York to attend Barnard College in 1932 .
She was drawn to the student anti-war activism at Barnard , and marched against the U.S. government ’s support of Franco in the Spanish Civil War .
Passionately devoted to the ideals of equality and fairness , Millard joined the Communist Party in the 1940s , drawn by the hope that the movement could lead to the realization of the values she held dear .
After World War II , she spent two years in Paris as the American Secretary in the directorate of the Women ’s International Democratic Federation , a feminist organization aligned with the global Communist movement .
She was active in the Congress of American Women , an affiliate of the WIDF .
In later years she could hold an audience amused and entranced by her stirring exhortation to Italian women on the need for expanded women ’s rights , a boilerplate speech that she could deliver in Italian ( which she barely knew ) at the drop of an invitation .
An editor at The New Masses for four years , she became lifelong friends with Charles Keller , house artist , and other leading literary lights .
An early feminist , she authored a 24 - page pamphlet entitled Woman Against Myth , released by International Publishers in 1948 , which examined the history of the women ’s movement in the United States , in the socialist movement , and in the USSR .
Her analysis of the inequality between the sexes remains an entry of note in the annals of feminist and left history .
In 1959 she appeared as a hostile witness before the House Un- American Activities Committee , which was investigating the Congress of American Women .
For five years in the mid-1950s she edited the monthly magazine Latin America Today , reporting on political and social developments south of the U.S. border .
She joined Cheddi Jagan on the campaign trail in colonial British Guiana during his successful campaign to become prime minister , and remained close friends with both Cheddi and his wife and fellow politician Janet Jagan .
“ This year , ” she wrote in the concluding paragraph of Woman Against Myth , “ as we mark the hundredth anniversary of the publication of the Communist Manifesto , we mark also a hundred years of the organized fight for equality of American women that began with the Seneca Falls convention .
Those two events are linked by more than a common date .
More and more we come to see that it is only the socialism foreshadowed by Marx and Engels , abolishing as it does all forms of exploitation of one human being by another , that can make it possible for women to achieve real equality .
That can give substance to the ringing declaration adopted at that woman ’s convention holding it to be self - evident ‘ that all men and women are created equal . ' ”
Betty left the Communist Party in the late 1950s , but remained an activist on her own terms , organizing a committee to free Mexican muralist David Siqueiros from prison , and becoming active in the struggle to stop the Vietnam War .
At about this time , she developed a love of photography , documenting political struggles as well as her travels .
She spent many happy hours in the darkroom that she installed on the top floor of her Greenwich Village brownstone .
During her later years , Millard joined the fight for lesbian and gay rights , and in her 80s she finally was able openly to affirm her own lesbianism .
She bought a farm in Dutchess County , N.Y. , read Rachel Carson and became interested in environmental issues .
With some of her family inheritance , she became a philanthropist , supporting progressive , LGBT , and environmental organizations , and providing early leadership for the North Star Fund , which works to create a more equitable and democratic city for all New Yorkers .
She also began writing short stories , several of which were anthologized .
Though never afraid to form an opinion , Betty was always eager to discuss interesting and controversial issues in politics , art , literature , film , and human relations .
The stories she accumulated during a lifetime on the frontier of social and political justice , and her love of music and life , drew new friends to her side even well into her ninth decade .
Few people now alive will have any memory of Woman Against Myth or her work on The New Masses , but her surviving friends and family will remain lastingly inspired by her characteristic enthusiasm for exploring new ideas , helping others better their own lives , and seeing in every challenge an opportunity .
Photo : Betty Millard , right , with her niece Olivia .
Courtesy Olivia Millard .
I ’m finding it difficult to blog objectively and interestingly about WonderCon , the San Francisco - based little sister of the better - known Comic - Con in San Diego .
I only was able to attend two out of the three days of the convention ( Held from April 2 - 4 at the Moscone Center South ) and during those two days , I had volunteer duties to fulfill .
Due to time constraints and extremely large crowds , I could n’t get into the more - anticipated panels of the event .
However , I am happy to share with readers some of my personal observations and experiences from those two days , as well as summarize some of the highlights from the entire event .
To sum up WonderCon in a nutshell :
It is the largest gathering in northern California for comic book , animation , film , and television fans .
Basically , it ’s a NERD convention .
You can show off your goods in spandex and a cape and a mask , come in as a scantily clad vampire or anime character , live out your furry fantasies ( Uh , somewhat ) , or even go all out like this dude to my right and nobody will give a damn .
In fact , people might even ask for a picture with you !
You ca n’t do that unless it ’s Halloween .
In addition to the impromptu walking faux superhero and character shows ( There ’s also a masquerade that happens every Saturday night during the convention ) , vendors will try to sell you things and entice you with freebies , and names and faces known in the geek culture sign autographs and pose for photos ( Usually for a fee though ) .
In addition , creators , animators , cast members , and other awesome and important people speak at panels and exclusive TV , film , and trailer screenings – including A - list stars ( Jake Gyllenhaal , anyone ? ) – making these events at the convention some of the biggest spectacles , as well as bringing tastes of Hollywood over to San Francisco .
Day 1 of WonderCon on Friday , April 2nd , was highlighted by Kevin Smith ‘s appearance .
Also on hand were exclusive screenings of new episodes of the shows V and Fringe .
Click the cut for my Saturday / Sunday recaps , pictures , and video clips !
DAY 2 – Saturday , April 3
10:45AM -12:30 PM : Meet up with local fandom friends from ontd_startrek for breakfast at nearby Denny’s .
Chat and nerd out about all things Star Trek plus fandom in general .
We were planning on hitting the Disney / Pixar panel together , featuring exclusive sneak peeks at Prince of Persia , The Sorcerer ’s Apprentice , and Toy Story 3 ( Plus appearances by Gyllenhaal , Nicolas Cage , and Jerry Bruckheimer ) , but there ’s a long line and the doorman says the ballroom is full .
Because the ballroom looks like it ’s going to be filled to capacity for a while , I miss out on the Resident Evil : Afterlife panel ( Featuring Ali Larter , who I love from Heroes , but only as Niki / Jessica ) , a Warner Bros thing ( Apparently Zoe Saldana was there for The Losers ? ) , Trailer Park ( A half - hour showing of trailers for upcoming films ) , and a panel for the upcoming film Kick - Ass .
12:30 - 2:00 PM : Explore the Exhibitors ’ Hall , Artist Alley , and autograph tables .
IT IS PANDEMONIUM .
People in costumes and in normal clothes clog up the floor as they line up to meet various stars , artists , and creators , buy rare merchandise , score freebies , and try out new video games .
I purchase movie posters for Star Trek and The Hangover from PosterParty.com .
2:00 - 3:10 PM : I attend The Spirit of Star Trek talk , featuring Rev. Curtis Webster and Deep Space Nine star Chase Masterson .
This panel is a spin off of a regular session that goes on at Webster ’s First Presbyterian Church in Encino , CA , where episodes from the various Trek franchises are screened and discussed .
Religious , moral , and ethical themes are explored .
Webster and Masterson talk about the regular sessions and present examples of episodes that are particularly of deep spiritual interest before addressing questions from the audience .
3:15 - 5:30 PM : I report to the WonderCon freebie table to pass out Warner Bros. gift bags for those who received a blue ticket from the afternoon Warner Bros. panel .
Yup , that ’s what I do for my volunteer shift !
The bags contain promotional items for The Losers .
I ’m too shy to ask for one despite the surplus ( In fact , I think everyone who went to the convention the next day got one for free ! ) , but I still receive the freebies from the general table : large double - sided posters for Cop - Out , Nightmare on Elm Street , and Clash of the Titans and the WonderCon EXCLUSIVE mini-poster for Iron Man 2 .
5:30 - 6:15 PM : Check out for volunteer shift , receive these goodies as a thank - you .
6:15 -7:00 PM : Switch back and forth between the Comics Journalism and Star Trek : Between the Cracks panels .
The first one discusses how comics and manga are handled in media and offered very valuable information about coverage through new media in general .
The Trek panel is awesome just because it ’s Trek .
DAY 3 – Sunday , April 4
11:00 AM -12:15 PM : Arrive for scheduled volunteer shift with Press desk for 11 AM - 2 PM – gets told that there are enough people and to check in with the general volunteer desk for another shift instead .
Some other guy and I get led downstairs by a staff member to work for on - site registration but gets told by that coordinator that they also have enough people .
I feel useless but I get signed out and get to enjoy the rest of the short day at the convention !
I receive the same goodies after my last volunteer shift plus an alarm clock with the 24 and FOX logos on it .
Coffee break at Starbucks follows .
12:15 - 1:15 PM : Sit and wait at the Esplanade Ballroom for the day ’s big panels .
Did n’t get to check the ones out from yesterday so might as well do them today , yeah ?
1:15 - 2:25 PM : Human Target screening and panel !
This FOX show ( Which premiered this past January ) is based on a DC Comics series where a security guard goes to great lengths to save his clients ’ lives .
The screening is of a work - in - progress episode to premiere in two weeks and set off many , many cheers among the audience as a plethora of well - known guest stars appear on screen .
I had never watched the show before , but the episode was very intense and interesting .
The guests for the Q&A are executive producer of the series Jon Steinberg , Mark Valley ( Who plays main character Christopher Chance ) , and another series star , Jackie Earle Haley ( Well - known among geekdom for his portrayal as Rorschach in last year ’s Watchmen ) .
The men discuss plans for a possible second season , career accomplishments , friendships and antics on - set , and Valley ’s training in pillow fighting , thumb wrestling , and rock - paper - scissors for his stunts ( That was a joke he made ) .
2:30 - 4:00 PM :
And the highlight of the final day of the show is the presentation for the hit NBC show , Chuck !
Oh man , this is definitely the most screaming I ’ve encountered throughout the convention , but after seeing the screening and the panel ( Again , I admittedly have not seen the show before ) , I understand the hype .
The Q&A moderator goes up to the podium to say that the original plan was to show a reel of exclusive clips but at the last minute , WB makes a switch to show this week ’s episode instead – before the rest of the world gets to see it !
Pretty cool .
I oooh , ahhh , and laugh along with everyone else – I am just feeling it !
And I ’m loving that everyone else is loving it .
Then again , it ’s WonderCon and lots of enthusiasm is genuine and expected .
The panel offers more fun and hilariousness with the co-creators and executive producers Chris Fedak and Josh Schwartz and series stars Zachary Levi , Adam Baldwin , and Joshua Gomez .
Discussions include the episode that was shown , guest stars for future episodes … and farting ?
And Subway sandwiches ?
WARNING : The first clip contains possible spoilers , just in case you have n’t seen this week ’s episode yet !
4:00 - 5:00 PM : As the final hour of the convention winds down , I take another look around the main floor to see what I may have missed – just the DC Comics freebie table , where I grab a random comic plus a crapload of buttons featuring DC Comic logos .
But before that , I meet Ms. Chase Masterson at her autograph table , where we discuss my love for Trek , faith ( Pertaining to the panel she was in the day before ) , and her upcoming projects ( Be sure to check out her new film Yesterday Was a Lie , on DVD today ! ) .
Such a nice lady – WAY too pretty too .
WonderCon 2010 , you ’ve been legit .
Thanks for the fun .
GALLERY : WonderCon 2010
MIAMI -- Jorge Cantu saw the pitch bounce in the dirt , giving Hanley Ramirez plenty of time to move up to second base and into scoring position .
He instantly felt relaxed .
One pitch later , Cantu extended his major league season - opening record to 10 games with a hit and an RBI by lofting a double to right - center , and the Florida Marlins went on to salvage a four - game series split by beating the Cincinnati Reds 10 - 2 Thursday night .
" Hopefully I can continue to ride this , see where it takes me , " Cantu said .
" I do n't know when it 's going to come to an end .
But right now , I 'm happy . "
So were a slew of other people in the Florida clubhouse .
Josh Johnson struck out 10 in six innings of easy work , Cody Ross was 3 for 5 with two doubles and three RBIs , and Cameron Maybin -- who typically wears No. 24 in part to honor Jackie Robinson -- hit his first homer of the season and the sixth of his career for Florida .
All players and coaches wore jerseys with No. 42 on the back Thursday , part of baseball 's annual tribute to Robinson .
" It 's nice , it 's really nice just to play well , " Maybin said .
" But to get a win and a split was even bigger . "
Chris Dickerson and Jonny Gomes each had two hits and scored a run for Cincinnati .
The Reds struck out 14 times , and starter Aaron Harang ( 0 - 2 ) allowed eight runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings .
" I thought I made some good pitches and they hit them , " Harang said .
So far , Cincinnati 's starters are 0 - 3 with a 5.43 ERA .
" Somebody 's got to find a horseshoe around here , " Harang said .
" We 've been fighting every night .
You ca n't overlook that . "
Johnson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits in six innings and missed tying a career high by one strikeout .
Harang got into big trouble in the fifth , thanks in part to a wild pitch .
Ramirez led off with a single and the Reds were determined to keep him on first , throwing over and then calling a pitchout on the second offering to Cantu .
On a 2 - 2 count , Harang 's fastball was in the dirt , squirting away from catcher Ramon Hernandez and allowing Ramirez to get to second .
Cantu made the mistake a costly one .
" You 've got to pull out a fire hose to cool him off right now , " Harang said .
" It 's unbelievable . "
Ramirez scored easily and another meager Florida crowd -- announced at 12,912 , clearly about one - fifth that many -- stood and cheered Cantu , who waved from second while umpire Jeff Kellogg threw the ball toward the Marlins ' dugout for safekeeping .
" He drives them in , but you need people on base for that to happen , " Florida manager Fredi Gonzalez said .
" That 's not easy .
So the guys in front of him are getting on base and we 're running the bases well .
It 's an RBI thing because he 's getting the RBI , but there 's the team out there getting bases . "
Harang allowed eight runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings , his ERA soaring from 4.50 to 7.88 .
Before Cantu 's run to open 2010 , the previous major league record for having at least one hit and one RBI in every game to start the season had been eight , set back in 1921 by George Kelly of the New York Giants , a year after RBIs became an official statistic .
Cantu tied the Marlins ' single - season record for consecutive games with a hit and an RBI , set last season by Ramirez .
Including last season , Cantu has 14 consecutive games with a hit and an RBI , the longest string since Mike Piazza went 15 straight from June 14 - July 2 , 2000 .
He had a chance earlier in Thursday 's game to extend the streak , coming up with one out and runners on first and second in the third inning .
Harang was super - cautious on that trip , going outside with three straight fastballs , catching the corner with another for strike one , then walking Cantu on a pitch low and away .
There was a smattering of boos from the small crowd then , all forgotten when Cantu got the hit two innings later .
" It 's fun to watch , " Johnson said .
Ross followed with a two - run double , John Baker added an RBI single to make it 8 - 1 , and Ross knocked in Cantu again with another double in the sixth .
Game notes
Uggla already has two games this season with three hits or more .
It took him until July 9 last season to have two of those .
...
Harang had allowed only nine hits in his first two starts this season .
... Two - time Olympic beach volleyball gold medalist Misty May - Treanor threw out one of the ceremonial first pitches .
May - Treanor , the wife of former Marlins catcher Matt Treanor and still a South Florida resident , returns to the AVP Tour when its season opens this weekend in Fort Lauderdale , Fla .
Launching the Pre and webOS at CES 2009 , but not delivering a product until just days before the assumed announcement of a new iPhone .
Palm , you had more heat than a company could reasonably expect after your announcement of the Pre and webOS at CES 2009 .
Certainly amongst journalists , the feeling was one of utter elation at the products you 'd just announced ; an innovative , slickly designed OS and phone which looked to be solid competition even to the likes of the iPhone .
Post - CES , the buzz surrounding the eventual release of the Pre was high , even though you 'd partnered with Sprint ( more on that in a moment ) .
Yet when push came to shove , you let the excitement drag on for far too long , and what started as a high pitch siren started to wind down to sub bass drone .
It did n't help that once your launch date was finally announced ( nearly six months after CES ) , it came just days before Apple was set to announce a new handset .
In the end , you still had some heat , but the cooling off period had already begun .
You can't rewrite history , but take this as a lesson -- no one wants to eat melted ice cream , especially when they know they 're about to get a brand new banana split in a few minutes .
Partnering exclusively with Sprint on the Pre launch .
Sure , you did n't have a great bargaining position before the Pre was shown off , but choosing to enter into an exclusive agreement with the third - place , ailing carrier with no clear picture of when you 'd move to other partners was about the worst thing you could have done .
We 're not saying Sprint is necessarily a bad carrier -- in fact , when testing the Pre for our review , we thought the combo was excellent .
Still , pairing one down - on - its - luck company with another does n't often make for fireworks .
You should have begged , borrowed , and stole to launch this thing on Verizon or AT&T .
At the end of the day , it comes down to audience .
In some ways , it might have been better to launch with T - Mobile , which would have allowed you to at least quickly ramp up your GSM sales overseas .
As it stands now , you 've only got a scant amount of partners in Europe ( ignoring a potentially huge market ) , and you 've been slow to bring on new carriers ( hello , SFR ) .
Again , this one is a done deal , but spreading the love to every carrier you can get your hands on should be ( and clearly is ) a primary goal right now .
The more eyes on these devices , the better chance you have of staying in the game .
No SDK -- and more importantly no PDK -- out of the gate
You really needed to win developers over to your platform quickly , but it was difficult to do that when you launched the SDK with only a limited pool of partners , then expanded that slightly as the months wore on .
Additionally , you should have given devs access to the Pre 's full capabilities with something like your PDK right out of the gate .
While you were espousing the joys of web standards ( a great idea without question , but not enough to make your phone feel competitive ) , users were getting stripped experiences and sluggish interactions with software on your devices .
It 's good for some things , but not for everything -- this is evidenced by some of the embarrassingly bad attempts at gaming we saw before the PDK was available .
You 've done it -- you 've got the PDK into wide release , and you 've got devs showing off what these phones are capable of .
Based on what we 've heard from developers , webOS is actually the easiest and most pleasant mobile OS to develop for -- and you need to start evangelizing that message !
The other thing you have to do is make these devices attractive to devs and users because of potential you show through apps , which brings us to ... Awful marketing at launch .
Sustained awful marketing .
Palm , have you ever watched one of your ads ?
They are unspeakably bad .
In particular , your launch spots featuring what seemed like an extra from the The Cell ( and hell , directed by Tarsem , who made ' The Cell ' ) not only failed to show what your beautiful and sophisticated phones were capable of , but alienated viewers almost universally .
The fact that these ads were n't pulled off the air immediately was troubling , but more disturbing was the fact that they seemed to confirm that you did n't understand how to market your product , or what your demographic was .
Adding insult to injury , you mostly allowed Sprint to steer the ship with showing off your product , which was fine , but it was n't like the Pre was being perfectly framed by their ads either .
We expected round two would be much better , considering the variety of very vocal objections to your first set , and especially considering that you had a new , wealthier partner : Verizon .
Somehow , these ads turned out worse than the first round , not only once again failing to show off your phones ( now with other amazing capabilities like 3D gaming ) , but genderizing the Pre and Pixi in offensive , pointless , and downright stupid spots that insulted those you hoped to be selling to , and simply turned off everyone else .
In fact , throughout your career in selling these phones , the only ad which effectively did anything to show how powerful webOS was was the underused Pixi ad we covered in November .
This is so simple it 's stupid .
Show your phone doing what it does best -- show it running 3D games , Facebook , and Twitter apps .
Show how it notifies users without pop-ups , show how you can switch between all those apps quickly , show how fast web browsing is and how nice pages look ( and show pinch - to - zoom ! ) .
Show your App Catalog and all the software that 's available , show off how your gestures work , show off how easy it is to search for things ... but most importantly , do n't be afraid to compare it to the competition .
You 're beating Android 's pants off with your game offerings -- and hey , guess what most people are buying in Apple 's App Store ?
You 're the only other phonemaker playing in their space , and you 've done nothing to sell it .
Your newest ad is a step in the right direction , but only about a quarter step .
You 're still making things gender specific , and you 're still not really showing how the phone works .
If you do anything with whatever money you have left , you should pour it into an advertising onslaught that simply does n't pull punches .
You have a good product , it 's just that no one knows about it or thinks it 's for them .
And we can't stress this bit enough : stop acting like your phone is just for girls .
Seriously , it 's like you 've taken Roger McNamee 's stupid comments from the All Things D conference about the Pre having a mirror on the back and used that as the basis for your marketing campaign .
We 're not sure what bunk piece of demographic research you 're utilizing to make these decisions , but we 're pretty sure reality does n't bear that research out .
You 're simply making a huge mistake by trying to " sell " these phones to women -- again , you insult your target demo , and you turn off other potential buyers big time .
The iTunes sideshow We may never fully understand this one .
It seemed like a cool idea at the time , to be sure , but you 'd think someone at Palm would have known better than to get into such a silly battle with Apple when your position was n't so hot .
For some reason , you guys thought it was important to offer native iTunes syncing -- important enough to invest time , energy , and resources into -- but we could n't say why at the end of the day .
We 're not going to spend much time on this one , because we 've already let you know what we think the reasonable , rational thing to do would be ... but it bares repeating .
Another no -brainer .
You should have partnered with DoubleTwist out of the gate , or just written your own desktop app that would allow syncing for your devices .
Honestly , people do n't care that much as long as you give them a sensible , simple way to get music and media onto the phone .
You never had to waste a single second on this -- in fact , you could have come out looking like heroes by teaming up with another open source , underground champion like DVD Jon .
Instead , you had a protracted battle with Apple which you essentially lost , and now you 're telling users not to upgrade their copies of iTunes .
Frankly , it looks silly .
The Pixi
We get what you were thinking here : give consumers an updated version of the Centro ( your last successful device ) , a cheap , entry level smartphone to get them into your ecosystem .
You figured people at shops would say , " Hey , instead of buying this $ 99 featurephone , I can get this totally grown up smartphone ! "
And that is a good strategy ... for a world where there 's no $ 99 iPhone or Droid Eris .
Unfortunately , we do n't live in that world ( or , we live in that world , but it 's two years later ) .
Your Centro strategy does n't work anymore , because now the most exciting and feature - packed smartphone ( in the eyes of many consumers ) can be had for the same price .
What 's worse , you designed the Pixi ( admittedly a nice handset ) with slower , less capable hardware than the Pre , meaning that even if you like the form factor , you 're still cheated out of the best software ( at least for now , Palm says that will change soon ) -- and it means you have to devote more resources to OS development because you 've got parallel paths .
Not a great situation for a company that 's already hamstrung by a small staff .
Kill the Pixi . Seriously -- kill it , or give it the same specs as the Pre .
You 're going to alienate some users , but it 's worth it in the long run , because whatever resources you 're pumping into this device are ultimately going to be wasted .
There 's no way you can sustain this kind of fragmentation at your size ( even Google can't do that ... and they 're Google ) , and once your next gen device rolls around ( if it ever does ) , something tells us the gap between products will grow even wider .
Hardware issues which plagued the Pre , with no outward acknowledgment or rush to correct .
Let 's just be honest , guys -- you 've had some manufacturing and design issues with the Pre .
We 've seen countless reports , read too many blog posts to recall , and heard all sorts of horror stories about broken sliders , power buttons that stop functioning , the " Oreo cookie " effect , and more .
Hell , even our first review unit broke !
Let me switch to first person here and tell you a story .
When the Pre came out , I emphatically recommended the phone to a good friend of mine who was a Sprint subscriber -- I sold it to him so well I should have gotten a commission .
I was truly excited about webOS and all its possibilities ( I still am to a large extent ) .
My friend went ahead and bought the phone , only to be wracked with build quality and battery life issues .
He regularly complained that his slider mechanism had begun to slip , his power button required a " special " hard push to function , his MicroUSB door snapped off ( big surprise ) ... and that was to say nothing of his battery life problems .
In addition , the software issues which started around the first or second update ( the sluggish behavior and random " too many cards " messages ) drove him to not just be unhappy with the phone -- but to really hate it .
By allowing these hardware and software issues to go unchecked or unacknowledged , Palm is n't just creating issues for its customers ... it 's making enemies .
Make better hardware , and own up to issues as soon as you see them .
Maybe this is easier said than done , but if you want to continue to be transparent and available to your customers , then you have to be able to speak up when something goes wrong .
Of course , instead of just issuing an " improved " version of the Pre when it came time to release on Verizon you could have just ... The Pre is looking pretty dated .
You need new hardware .
Look , we get it .
We know your party line : the Pre has been out for less than a year .
Ah , but remember , you showed us the Pre back in January of 2009 -- which means it 's been in front of us for nearly a year and a half .
In that time we 've seen a new iPhone , the Droid , the Nexus One ( and Desire ) , the HD2 and TG01 , Sony Ericsson 's X10 , and plenty more .
Now , sure , you share similar screen and CPU specs with the iPhone 3GS , but you 've still got worse build quality and a smaller display -- and people notice .
The trend of WVGA displays and faster , more efficient CPUs ( hello , Snapdragon ) is clear , and you can't afford to sit on the sidelines with a device which is over a year old by many people 's standards .
We know that you still have a few partnerships to sort out , but if you keep bringing these same devices to more carriers ( or do n't give us an indication that something new is on the horizon ) , you 're practically hammering nails in your own coffin .
You need to innovate on every side now .
Release a piece of hardware that bests what is currently out there , and put it in an extremely hot looking package ... that 's also built like a tank .
We think you 've done a beautiful job on industrial design , now take what you 've been working with , apply it to something with the build quality of the Droid , maybe toss in a landscape keyboard , high res camera , and a nice , large screen -- we promise people will take notice .
Oh , and do n't release it on Sprint ... even if it 's got WiMAX .
And for heaven 's sake : advertise the hell out of it .
For everyone .
Now we 'll be the first to admit -- we have no idea if what we think actually makes any sense for Palm .
We 're not marketing experts or a design committee -- we 're just a group of gadget enthusiasts that want to see companies making smart , innovative products succeed .
Palm , you 've done some amazing work in the past year or so , and we really do applaud the effort and artistry you 've brought to the smartphone world , but you 're not taking this thing into the endzone ... you 're not even half way there .
You 've got to compete harder , and you 've got to start to focusing on what works and start killing what does n't .
You 've got a lot of the latter and not enough of the former -- and it's time to flip that equation .
On a personal note , Palm , if you 're looking for a Robin to Jon 's Batman : you know how to get a hold of me .
El canciller Marcelo Ebrard informó que la Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores trabaja para garantizar y facilitar el acceso a la vacuna contra el COVID - 19 de manera universal , equitativa , sin fines de lucro y lo antes posible .
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama 's $ 3.8 trillion budget for the coming fiscal year raises taxes on businesses and upper - income households by $ 2 trillion over 10 years and cuts spending on programs with considerable political support , but will still leave the nation with $ 8.5 trillion in added debt over the next decade .
The budget plan for fiscal 2011 calls for nearly $ 1 trillion in tax increases on families with income above $ 250,000 over the next decade — largely by allowing tax cuts from the administration of George W. Bush ...
The third - and final ?
- reading of the Digital Economy bill is going through the House of Commons tonight .
So we 're trying to show you where it 's going .
What survives , what dies ?
Will it pass or will it get derailed ?
The committee stage / third reading of the Digital Economy bill is due to be debated tonight .
This has two sides going to war - no , not the Tories and Labour , but the " creative industries " ( emphasis on " industry " ) and the digital rights groups ( emphasis on " rights " ) .
You can watch it if you like live over at the Parliament site - but then of course you miss everyone 's insightful comments .
At present they seem to be discussing the Finance bill - it's all about money for homes and who has a " major interest " in the property .
Stephen Timms - who also leads on the Digital Economy bill - is leading for the government at the moment on the bill .
In the chair : Sir Alan Haselhurst , the deputy speaker .
They really are rushing this through .
8.53 pm : OK , and they 're off .
Starters orders .
A handful of people in the chamber .
8.53 pm : And yes it 's Stephen Timms leading for the government .
He 's got a long night in .
8.54 pm : Clause 1 being discussed : about importance of getting Ofcom to facilitate investment in broadband .
But this is the bit that 's under threat .
The wash - up really does whizz along .
" In order to be helpful to other members ..
I 'm not moving that clause this evening . "
8.56 pm : So what does that mean for notspots in rural areas , he 's asked .
2 megabits per second by 2012 ( yawn ) and Timms says : " we need the landline levy .... not sadly in the finance bill but will be in the finance bill that we will introduce straight after the election . "
Some hollow laughter from the Tories ...
8.58 pm : Don Foster asks why broadband landline tax dropped if there 's a majority in both houses for it .
Speaker tells him not to ask .
( It 's the wash - up fix - up . )
Noes have it - clause 1 is dead .
Ayes have it - clause 2 lives .
Ayes have it - clause 3 lives .
Democracy in action !
8.59 pm : Tom Watson is up .
Moving amendments .
Can he move the house ?
" The speed with which we 've have to submit amendments has been .. lightspeed . "
Basket of amendments about definitions and scope of the bill .
Amendment 36 amends subclause 4.1 .
Oh lordy .
About the assumption of liability of people who receive notifications .
" Replaced with words of neutral meaning to provide reassurance to .. anyone who shares a network .. so the legislation does not assume guilt . "
Seems good to us .
9.01 pm : Tom Watson still going .
P2P filesharing : trying to give a definition that narrowly defines it rather than wide definition of copyright infringement which will " save embarassment " .
Points to the Gene Hunt Labour poster ..
Sat here watching the proceedings while eating some rhubarb crumble cooked by my wonderful wife , by the way .
( It certainly makes me think : yes , MPs do work for you .
Especially at this time of night . )
Reporting from home beats sitting in the Parliamentary gallery .
Did we even have live Parliamentary feeds in 2005 ?
Certainly gives you an idea of what the wash - up is like - probably rarely seen before .
9.04 pm : Intervention from female MP ( do n't recognise her ) who says it 's more important to get it right than do it in a hurry .
Tom W agrees that it 's better to remove clauses 11 - 18 which is his principal aim overall .
What we can't tell from this is whether the government is just going to steamroller this , or whether Tom Watson 's intervention will make some difference .
9.07 pm : He 's also bravely going to try to define P2P because he thinks the government did n't do too well .
And he has a new clause 3 . ( Did n't that just pass ? )
9.09 pm : Speaker asks if the amendment be made .
This gets support from David Drew .
He points out that the bill needs " proper scrutiny " and that he did n't speak in the second reading the other day because he'd hoped that the government would halt it .
" What seemed a technical bill has become quite an emotive and .. dangerous bill . "
9.12 pm : There 's not a huge number of people in the Chamber .
Now a Labour member who looks more like David Davis saying the bill needs " proper democratic scrutiny " .
Drew again : " this is getting me more of a postbag , and certainly an electronic postbag , than many other things . "
He would rather get on with the election rather than understanding the DEBill , he says .
9.15 pm : three ministers have contacted Labour MP who say that they are deeply unhappy with the wording of the bill , which has become much broader since Lord Carter worked on it .
9.17 pm : " Lord Carter would be proud of the new [ Tom Watson ] clause 3 ... it 's as much carrot as it is stick .
It 's that stick that Lord Mandelson introduced and which has completely distorted the bill . "
Lord Mandelson , stick ?
Perish the thought .
9.18 pm : Paul Farrelly ( I think ) , Labour , sating that it should have had pre-legislative scrutiny .
In a committee .
Line by line .
Lots of people agree .
But not ministers .
9.19 pm : Derek
Wyatt saying he had to use the internet to find out what clauses had been removed from the bill rather than the Vote Office ( in Parliament ) , which he finds " upsetting but not surprising " .
Says that " we will chase around endless ISPs just changing our email address " if they 're disconnected .
That it 's pointless .
9.23 pm : letter from the BPI and the Creative Industries saying they 've waited four years for legislation against online piracy .
" But .. " from the Tory side , points to the idea that information needs to be spread around .
" I think there may be an element of not only uncertainty but even impossibility in restraining ... "
And that there should be proper pre-legislative analysis .
So basically everyone who has spoken since Stephen Timms has been against what 's being proposed in the bill .
" I think it 's a bad bill in the sense that it 's being rushed through , and because the Prime Minister has set out in his five pledges ... to rush this through .. and there are paper amendments coming down from the Lords ... this calls for proper scrutiny .. "
9.26 pm : " This is not the Dangerous Dogs bill .
This is a very very different bill . "
Yet another MP : " The proposals in this bill would never pass a house committee . "
Is there anyone in there who 's favour of this ?
Phooey .
I 'd like to tell you who the MPs are , by using the BBC Parliament feed , but it 's showing the Lords .
Why , BBC , why ?
Another older member notes : " I 've had a lot of representations , mainly by email which is a bloo -- a nuisance .
And from young members of the Labour Party who say their peer - to - peer connections are going to be clamped down on and get them into trouble . "
9.30 pm : Austin Mitchell rises ( I think he was just speaking ) : the danger is that filesharing , p2 p , is going to endanger the connection for the whole family .
" I 'll have to give way to another silver surfer . "
9.32 pm : " What happens if you have a young band of transcendent genius like ...
Stiff Little Fingers who are denied their intellectual property rights ? "
From an old , balding MP .
Mitchell replies that it can be done by altering the provisions of the bill with proper scrutiny .
9.34 pm : John Hemming - member of the BPI , PRS , has run e-commerce for 10 years - says " this bill is a complete mess " .
Most people using these systems are young , so the money to be gained is small .
" First problem is trying to deal with a very very very very very complex issue in the wash - up .
Appreciate the industry had to wait four years but that 's not a reason to do it in one night .
Drop clauses 11 - 18 and look at them in next Parliament . "
" Look at Wikileaks . "
( He 's been reading our stuff . )
" It holds government copyright material .
They would want to apply to have Wikileaks banned in the UK .
That 's clearly in the bill as it stands . "
9.37 pm : John Hemming : " I do a little bit of computer programming in respect of my casework system . . "
Blimey .
Geek MP .
" Just as with code , for laws we have scrutiny .
Although these amendments are to be welcomed ...
Wikileaks is a good example to be looked at , websites that give freedom of information ... sure that the government does n't want to do that .
But do n't put through new clause 1 , or 18 - I understand 18 wo n't be moved . "
It wo n't ?
9.39 pm : Ahh , thanks Twitter - the BBC Parliament feed is showing the Commons feed .
http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/playlive/bbc_parliament/.
Caption - arama !
Although of course it is going to require Flash .
Or HTML5 video for you iPhone users .
9.40 pm : Bill Cash ( Cons ) says that they need to go after people who are doing it professionally .
( Strange how when you can't see the names that the MPs seem much more reasonable . )
Nick Palmer for Labour saying that when he had a video game that it got pirated .
It 's like the geek parliament tonight .
9.44 pm : Ed Vaizey , shadow culture media sport minister , says it 's pathetic for Labour to complain about lack of scrutiny - that they 've had loads of chance .
So now he gets challenged to explain why they would do .
Political knockabout ahead .
9.45 pm : Vaizey says that Conservatives support the bill in principle and says to Labour MPs that it 's all their own fault .
Nyah .
Gets challenged by Chris Chope ( Cons ) to say what he would put in place .
Which he then declines to answer .
Tom Watson says that Vaizey is a friend but that that 's " intellectually disingenuous . "
Vaizey says he should have had a word with Gordon Brown , who 's a close personal friend of Watson's .
9.47 pm : Stephen
Timms stands up - first time in an hour or so - and says he will want the House to " resist " Watson 's amendments .
Tries to make it all sound not too evil - just sending letters to people .
9.48 pm : Don Foster for the Lib Dems says that it should also be part of the bill that industry must make it easier for people to get access to material at a fair price .
Timms says yes , of course , sure , mm-hmm .
" My sense is that there is a pretty broad acceptance across the house ... that legislation is appropriate for dealing with it .
There is definitely significant harm to the creative industries ... estimated at £ 400 m for the music , film and TV industries in the impact assessment of the bill ... this is a very serious problem . "
9.51 pm : Bill Cash again .
Making a vague point about just stopping the pirates making money .
Timms says this part is about the particular problem of P2P " which is at the moment the lion 's share " .
What about Hemming 's point about Wikileaks ?
Timms has n't dealt with that at all .
" The house needs to recognise the strength of feeling on the other side of the debate , in terms of the number of people who are affected . "
Well , OK , but why do n't they have MPs pinging their side in the house , voting down Watson 's amendments ?
9.54 pm : How will it work ?
Copyright owner -> ISP , ISP -> letter to person in charge of that account .
" I challenge anybody to suggest that it is not a proportionate response to have a letter sent . "
Amendment 36 ( Watson ? ) :
Timms says we should get the person in charge of the internet access to make sure it is n't used for unlawful access .
Clearly these two sides are n't going to agree - the MPs have pointed out the flaws and it has n't meant a thing .
9.57 pm : Tom Watson says that the amendment tries to get people to say whether infringement is for financial gain - so that industry gets an idea of how widespread commercial piracy is , and whether there could be a fair use clause in copyright reform .
9.59 pm : Tom Watson looking unhappy at Timms avoiding dealing with the question .
Now Timms gives way to John Randall ( Cons , Uxbridge ) MP who says they had a case in his constituency where the IP was n't unique and the ISP wrote to someone who had nothing to do with it .
So there 's possibility of innocent people being accused .
Timms says there is question with mobile networks .
But that at this level of the bill - this clause - it 's about a letter being sent .
Hemming asks about the IP again .
Timms says , clearly not familiar with this , that it is clear which service provider has provided the connection ... the ISP gets the information ... the ISP does know who is responsible for that account .
Mark Todd , of Derbyshire South ( Lab ) asks why the test is an " apparent " copyright breach .
" Demonstrating precise copyright ownership is n't as straightforward as might be assumed . "
10.04 pm : And once more Timms says it 's about a letter being sent .
Text of the amendments being put forward :
One set
10.06 pm : And now they 're on to the ' sending letters ' clause .
Tom Watson on his feet with his amendments .
And here 's a second set of amendments for the bill .
It 's almost impossible to understand how these things work unless you 're a lawyer or an MP , I think ....
10.10 pm : Always fabulous to see what 's going on in the background .
Bloke behind Tom Watson looks like he 's doing the crossword , though I suspect it 's much more about trying to figure what the amendments will do to the bill .
Mark Todd again : how are they so sure that they 'll be able to demonstrate their copyright ownership ?
Why is it that nobody is in favour of this bill apart from the government minister ?
Even Ed Vaizey , for the Tories , effectively washed his hands of it .
Oh - the MP who referred to Stiff Little Fingers is Stephen Pound , Labour .
Nice one Stephen .
He is speaking up , asking about copyright protection .
So he 's in favour of the bill , I guess .
10.14 pm : Don Foster , Lib Dem culture / media / sport , moving his amendment .
" Having spent over 1 hour debating 1 clause of a 50 - clause bill with one hour for all the rest ... it 's frankly disgraceful " .
10.16 pm : " There will be no time to discuss clause 43 " - bad luck photographers - " or to ask the government why it 's backing down in independently - funded local news consortia " .
Yup , wash - up is n't good for much .
10.19 pm : Don Foster is talking about a super - affirmative resolution .
Was n't that a track by Muse ?
10.22 pm : Stephen Timms back again .
On the Don Foster amendments .
" There will not be technical measures imposed until Ofcom has concluded its report . " ( 90 days ?
Not clear . )
On the point of his concern about undue power to a future secretary of state .. " it would be controversial ... so he has to have regard to Ofcom 's recommendations .. "
" But I think he has made a telling point ..
Parliament should have the opportunity to scrutinise the order ... allows a superaffirmative procedure , which is quite unusual " .
OK , what is a superaffirmative resolution ?
Does that nice Mr Google or Mr Bing know ?
In case anyone has n't noticed this in the comments , we do love this comment from Twitter :
" RT @graphiclunarkid :
Oh how I wish Parliament had a Twitterfall screen set up above the Speaker 's chair .
# debill "
10.26 pm :
Clause 4 goes through .
Clause 5 goes through .
Clause 6 . Amendment 15 , 49 , 23 , Don Foster on his feet .
Interesting point from stardancer69 in the comments :
The technology is already way ahead of [ the lawmakers ] and can easily circumvent the strictures which they at the behest of the music and movie industries are seeking to impose .
Check out virtual private networks on Google .
Giganews already offer it for free on their top package .
Not only will it disguise from your ISP what you might be doing with your internet connection , it will also allow you to appear to be operating from an IP address in a totally different part of the world !
And it is all strongly encrypted .
Works for the Chinese to route around the Great Firewall ..
10.29 pm : It 's basically Tom Watson and Don Foster against all the rest of them .
They could have a fight , I suppose .
Diane Abbott seems to be waiting for a turn to speak , or perhaps she 's just going to livetweet this .
Watson making the point that for people running a small business from home that disconnection is n't proportionate .
10.30 pm : Denis MacShane , ex-president of the NUJ , says that if you create something it should n't be given out free on the internet .
I 'm watching him free on the internet , but let that pass - we paid for it with our taxes .
Tom Watson slaps MacShane down : " he 's just wandered into the chamber and expressed his astonishment .... our constituents who may lose their livelihood as a result of this being bounced through in an hour . "
MacShane says he 's been following it closely .
" I have honourable friends who say others do not have the right to protect what they have created ... because of concerns about open Wi -Fi . "
OK , so MacShane is speaking up for the content side .
" I welcome this explosion of content provision .. but must not deny the creators ... "
10.33 pm : Stephen Timms agrees that commercial provision should n't be something that coffee shops etc have to think twice about .
But that there should n't be a " large , potentially growing " loophole in what is being done .
Thanks to @cmsdengi in the comments who 's found what a superaffirmative procedure is :
First , the Minister lays his regulatory reform proposal before Parliament " in the form of " a draft order together with a full explanatory document .
Following the 60 day period of Parliamentary consideration , during which time the proposal is referred automatically and simultaneously to the Committees appointed by Parliament for the purpose , the Committees make their first report to their respective Houses .
If the reports are favourable , the next stage is for the Minister formally to lay a draft order in each House , along with an explanation of any changes made compared to the earlier proposal .
If the Minister is minded to accept any changes that are proposed to the draft order by the Committees or others between this stage and the final vote on the order , he must formally take up the draft order he has laid and replace it with another which incorporates the changes .
OK ?
Clear as .. er .
Just to help @jacktatum in the comments , who wants a summary of what 's gone on so far : as I understand it , clauses 1,2,3,4,5 have gone through .
Looks like 6 is going to go through .
Clause 6 being voted on .
Goes through without amendment .
Clause 7 , again with some Don Foster amendments .
10.38 pm :
Clause 7 goes through .
Clause 8 has some amendments to be debated .
Except they come from the government .
" What we 're doing is removing the clause 18 text that was inserted [ in the Lords ] .
New clauses 1 and 2 introduce an amended clause 18 . "
Clause 18 is quite a tangle but it's about the measures that can be taken against websites which infringe copyright .
Timms says government does n't want to block freedom of speech .
OK , but how do you stop the US government applying to block Wikileaks , as John Hemming asked earlier ?
10.42 pm : Weirdly , it 's the Lib Dems who are being the opposition in this : the Conservatives briefly had Ed Vaizey - can't see if he 's still there - and Adam Afriyie , but they 've not taken part in the debates at all apart from an aggressive grump from Vaizey where he told Labour MPs that if they did n't like it they 'd have to lump it .
Don Foster , Lib Dem shadow culture / media / sport , says the amendment has " many faults " .
Too wide - ranging .
" Puts sites such as Google at risk " .
Sites which have infringed copyright " or are likely to " .
And does n't cover all ISPs - so people could just switch provider .
Lib Dems will vote against .
Ooh , Adam Afriyie must have seen me typing .
He 's speaking .
10.46 pm : However Afriyie only seems to want to make a political point that it was the Lib Dems who included it in the Lords .
( Err , it was the Conservatives with the Lib Dems , Adam . )
10.47 pm : Amendment 2 gets a bit shout - and so it goes to a division .
" Clear the lobbies ! " shouts the clerk .
Everyone goes off for some coffee , I think , or something stronger .
Lynne Featherstone limps off .
She it was who said earlier that it was important to get it right , not to rush .
OK , brief break then .
10.49 pm : It will take about 10 minutes for the division to be completed and counted .
As it 's crucial to the bill - it 's the government trying to make its clause work - the outcome now could be the beginning of the end , or the beginning of a new beginning .
As Matt Wells points out in the comments , " Ben Bradshaw is on Newsnight now ...
Paxman says he will have to ' go to a vote ' soon .
Do n't be fooled by low numbers in the chamber , the government will get their guys and gals out of the bars and TV studios when the division bell rings and this bill will be forced through ... "
10.56 pm : OK , are you all doing a sweepstake on the voting here , like the Grand National ?
10.57 pm : OK , here we go .
Ayes - 197 . Noes - 40 .
So that 's the Labour and Tories whipping through their amendment .
10.58 pm : Clause 8 as amended , 9 , 10 be part .
Yup , they 're in .
Clause 11 with 44,45 amendments .
Yup , that 's in .
Clause 12 - 14 .
All passed .
Clause 15 .. with amendment 3 .
Clause 16 and 17 ... go in .
Clause 18 .
Ayes .
Government says no .
Noes have it .
Clauses 19 - 28 .
Blimey , this is wrapping up like that .
Clause 29 .
No .
11.00 pm :
Clauses 30 - 42 stand part .
Yup .
Clause 43 : No .
Bad luck photographers .
Clause 44 - 48 .
" The ayes have it , the ayes have it . "
Clause 49 , as amended ( by government ) : ayes have it .
Clause 50 , clause 8 amended .
This is zooming through .
New clauses 1 and 2 added to the bill .
11.02 pm : From the division , it has simply been thrown through .
All the schedules except for 2 go through .
Amendment 10 goes through .
Ooh , the mace is out .
" I beg to report that the committee has gone through the bill .... "
Huge uproar .
" Question is that the bill now be read a third time . "
Aye from the government , huge shout of " Nooooo ! !! " from the Lib Dem benches .
That big shout of " Nooo ! ! ! " could have been a thousand souls crying out as one at the sight of the government shoving through 41 clauses of a bill .
The third reading is the final step that brings it to the end .
11.05 pm : So they now go to a division - the formal vote .
Expect a result in about 10 minutes ' time .
So , briefly , to the question of amendments getting put down and then withdrawn .
As I understand it , MPs realise that they wo n't be able to get time to have a division ( formal vote ) on every amendment that they put down , so they have to choose the battles that they fight carefully .
If they feel that the government is going to listen to them enough to shade or tweak the implementation of the bill , then they withdraw the amendment .
Though perhaps a passing MP would like to clarify .
There 's only been two divisions on the whole procedure here tonight - on the government amendments ( it won easily ) and the third reading which would mean it has passed ( it 's expected to win easily because it will have Tory support ) .
So I was wrong - I 've been saying for months that the government would n't have time to implement the Digital Economy bill .
Of course I was working in my naive way off the usual timetables that bills go through - which includes a line - by - line committee stage .
That did n't happen here .
And we still do n't know whether Wikileaks would be safe from the " copyright infringement " clause that is now part of the bill .
Five more minutes to the conclusion ..
11.11 pm : OK , here we go .
Vote result imminent .
Time for a quick Twitter quote from @bpiboycott : " You are now watching 100 MPs about to vote on something they have n't been following but will vote how the whips have told them to .
# debill " ( thanks @nothingelseis )
11.13 pm : And so it comes to this .
Ayes - 189
Noes - 47 .
So some people changed side .
" Oh dear " comes a voice .
So that 's the bill passed and into its third reading and done .
Some more explanation on those dropped amendments from Tom Watson on Twitter : " If you push a vote it takes 20 minutes .
I 'd have lost all of them so using limited time to make points instead . "
Tom Watson also says on Twitter : " First time i've ever broken the whip in the chamber .
I feel physically sick . "
So we know where one of those 47 came from then .
OK , we 'll move to our own wash - up ( of rhubarb - crumbly plates ) once I 've figured out whether clause 18 was removed , or just tweaked .
OK , people have been confused , I think , by the fact that clause 18 was n't included in the bill .
This does n't mean that there is n't a blocking clause .
On this page , Ben Bradshaw moved : " ' ( 1 ) " The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision about the granting by a court of a blocking injunction in respect of a location on the internet which the court is satisfied has been , is being or is likely to be used for or in connection with an activity that infringes copyright . "
That 's the one that Don Foster got so angry about ( see the 10.42 pm paragraph ) because it 's too wide - ranging .
That 's the one that the first division ( and really the crucial division ) was about .
Which the government won .
So this is how it ends : not with a bang , nor even a whimper , but a wash - up fix - up .
As one MP - Bill Cash ?
- said , " This is not the Dangerous Dogs bill .
This is far more important . "
However we 're going to have to adjust to it .
The lack of engagement by the Tories - and Ed Vaizey 's taunting of the Labour benches - may come back to haunt them if they win : it 's going to cause all sorts of roadblocks for the digital economy .
And it may come back to haunt them if there 's a hung Parliament , since this wo n't be popular with the Lib Dems .
11.29 pm : So thanks all for reading and commenting .
Let 's hope we do n't have to do that again , though .
Signing off to write a blogpost rounding it up .
Casting the 2010 elections as a battle of wills between Wall Street corporations and Main Street families , California Democratic leaders - including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Sen. Barbara Boxer and gubernatorial candidate Jerry Brown - urged party activists Saturday to counter conservative Tea Party passion with ideas , advocacy and action on crucial issues like health care reform .
The annual three - day convention of the state Democratic Party , a gathering of 3,000 at the Los Angeles Convention Center , often took on a defiant mood as activists in the nation 's most populous state gathered to hear their candidates kick off what analysts predict will be a challenging campaign year for the party that holds the White House .
" We will rein in the Wall Street barons and thieves who almost brought this country to its knees , " shouted Rep. Maxine Waters , D - Los Angeles , to the full convention hall .
" We 're Democrats .
We do not have to create a fake party organizing around fake issues . "
In a state that is home to the largest swath of Democratic voters and Congressional representatives in the nation , speaker after speaker drew cheers by celebrating the Obama administration 's passage of health care reform and economic stimulus spending .
And they drew jeers by referring to the Tea Party 's scornful treatment of President Obama and Pelosi , who received a rock star reception .
Election challenges
But leading Democrats frankly acknowledged the challenges in this election .
Obama 's approval numbers are falling , conservatives are energized , and an anti-incumbent mood is sweeping the nation .
" I need you to be excited - as excited as the Tea Party people are , " Boxer implored a morning gathering of 1,000 Democrats .
" Will you be with me ? "
Boxer , a third - term senator , is expected to face her toughest re-election battle yet as three Republicans - former Rep. Tom Campbell , former Hewlett - Packard CEO Carly Fiorina and Assemblyman Chuck DeVore of Irvine - fight for the right to challenge her .
She framed the election as " a choice between who 's going to help our working families , and who wo n't ... a choice between moving forward or going back to the policies that got us into this mess . "
Brown , the state attorney general , also tried to fire up Democrats as he prepares to run against one of two wealthy Republican GOP candidates - billionaire Meg Whitman , the former eBay CEO who has said she will spend as much as $ 150 million on her first political campaign , or state Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner , a former Silicon Valley entrepreneur .
Arguing that " these are not ordinary times , " and that the state faces " an extraordinary crisis , " Brown delighted and surprised the crowd by issuing a three - way debate challenge to the GOP contenders .
Usually , debates take place after the party nominees are chosen , but Brown argued that Californians should watch all three candidates go " mano a mano . "
" Let 's hear the different ideas , " said Brown , who has been criticized for falling behind in the polls as the two Republicans blanket state airwaves with TV spots .
" The key here , is this a democracy ? "
With a May 2 Comcast televised debate already planned for the GOP candidates , both Poizner and Brown welcomed the chance to meet in a three - way debate .
But Whitman spokeswoman Sarah Pompei rejected the idea , saying Brown must first debate his primary opponent , surfer - activist Richard Aguirre .
Brown called on Whitman to reconsider , saying " private corporations sometimes hide behind slick advertising campaigns , but it 's wrong for a serious political candidate to do the same . "
Gathering momentum
The question that Democrats will answer over the next few months :
Did the 72 - year - old Brown and 69 - year - old Boxer infuse the faithful with a Tea Party - like energy ?
" Democrats were n't going to dress up in silly costumes like Tea Party members , " said Auros Harman , a 32 - year - old delegate from Mountain View .
" But Democrats in Silicon Valley will be doing the groundwork .
People will show up . "
Mark Gonzalez , a 25 - year - old Los Angeles delegate , said that although he did n't get Brown 's reference to black - and - white - TV - era comedian Jack Benny in the candidate 's convention video , " what I do know is that he has a good reputation and he 'll get results .
...
He does n't need on - the - job training . "
While Boxer will run in part on her role in helping Obama pass health care reform , Alex Pader , a 24 - year - old community college organizer from Sacramento , said that will be a harder sell on young people who do n't follow politics closely .
" They have n't seen anything happen yet in their lives that is tangible , that is different from 2007 , " he said .
" We 're the ' buy now , pay later ' generation .
If it 's not in our hands now , we do n't see it . "
Former state Controller Steve Westly , a Democrat who ran for governor in 2006 , said the convention 's broad themes underscore how Californians will see " the most important election in the country outside that of the president of the United States .
This is not just another state - it's the seventh - largest economy in the world . "
Challenging status quo
That 's why , he said , voters here " will be looking for someone to challenge the status quo , " and the iconoclast Brown may well fit that bill .
" Oddly enough , I do n't believe that the two Republican corporate candidates for governor will be attractive to the Tea Party rank and file , " he said .
Republicans , meanwhile , dismissed the Democrats ' rhetoric , saying it was merely evidence of a weak agenda and fear of a fully engaged opposition .
" So the Democrats are going to counter the most organic grassroots political movement in modern American history with the same old manufactured labor - backed machine that they have used to control politics for the last four or five decades ? " countered state GOP spokesman Mark Standriff .
" I 'll take those odds . "
A cross-sectional study with 1,205 people found that higher levels of pyridoxal - 5'- phosphate ( PLP ) , the active form of vitamin B6 , were linked to lower levels of C - reactive protein ( CRP ) , a marker of inflammation , as well as lower levels of 8 - hydroxy - 2'- deoxyguanosine ( 8 - OHdG ) , a marker for oxidative stress , both of which are related to heart disease risk .
CRP is produced in the liver and is a known marker for inflammation .
Increased levels of CRP are a good predictor for the onset of both type - 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease .
CVD causes almost 50 per cent of deaths in Europe , and is reported to cost the EU economy an estimated € 169 billion ( $ 202 billion ) per year .
Researchers from the Jean Mayer USDA Human Nutrition Research Center on Aging at Tufts University report their findings in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition​ .
“ Our data suggest that vitamin B - 6 may influence cardiovascular disease risk through mechanisms other than [ reduction of the amino acid ] homocysteine and support the notion that nutritional status may influence the health disparities present in this population , ” ​ wrote the researchers , led by Jian Shen .
Study details ​
Shen and co-workers measured levels of PLP , CRP , and 8 - OHdG in 1,205 Puerto Rican adults aged between 45 and 75 and living in Massachusetts .
Results showed a strong dose - dependent relationship between PLP levels and CRP levels , with the highest PLP levels associated with CRP levels almost 50 per cent lower than low PLP levels .
Furthermore , the highest average levels of PLP were associated with 8 - OHdG concentrations of 108 nanograms per milligram , compared to 124 ng / mg for low PLP levels .
The associations were observed even after the researchers took into account homocysteine levels .
It is not the first time that PLP levels have been linked to CRP levels .
A Harvard study reported last year that PLP levels were slightly inversely correlated with blood levels of CRP , and may also reduce the risk of colorectal cancer by 50 per cent ( Cancer Epidemiology , Biomarkers & Prevention​ , Vol. 18 , pp. 1197-1202 ) .
Source : American Journal of Clinical Nutrition ​
February 2010 , Volume 91 , Number 2 , Pages 337-342 , doi:10.3945/ajcn.2009.28571
“ Association of vitamin B - 6 status with inflammation , oxidative stress , and chronic inflammatory conditions : the Boston Puerto Rican Health Study ” ​
Authors : J. Shen , C - Q. Lai , J. Mattei , J.M. Ordovas , K.L. Tucker
In this exclusive extract from The End of the Party , a richly detailed history of Labour in government since 2001 , the Observer 's chief political commentator , Andrew Rawnsley , discloses how Tony Blair became so demoralised in the spring of 2004 as Iraq descended into chaos that he almost quit Downing Street .
Meanwhile , a seething Gordon Brown waited in the wings
By the autumn of 2003 , Tony Blair looked more vulnerable than at any previous time in his premiership .
Polling suggested that half the public wanted him to resign .
Sixty per cent of his own party members said he was wrong to go to war in Iraq and approaching half of them wanted him to quit immediately or at the next election .
Tensions with his Chancellor , Gordon Brown , were growing .
John Prescott organised a dinner party for the two men to discuss their differences .
That November evening , the three men met at the Deputy Prime Minister 's grace - and - favour apartment in Admiralty House .
John Prescott typically liked to serve his guests with steak and kidney pudding .
Brown arrived in a foul temper .
When they sat down for dinner , the Chancellor complained that his seat was n't high enough .
Prescott went off to find another .
" Do you want a different chair as well , Tony ? " he asked .
" No , it 's all right , " responded Blair sardonically .
" Gordon has always looked down on me . "
On Brown 's subsequent account to his camp , Blair admitted that he was in a deep hole .
" I wo n't turn it around before the election , " he said .
If Brown was co-operative and helped to " get me through the next six months " , Blair pledged he would hand over the premiership in the summer of the following year .
" Naive as always about Tony , Gordon believed him , " says one of Brown 's closest confidants .
He left the dinner more certain than before that he had a promise of a handover .
The morning after the Prescott dinner , Brown called four key aides , Spencer Livermore and Sue Nye , and the two Eds , Balls and Miliband , together for a meeting at the Treasury .
" Tony has said he is going to go , " he told them excitedly .
" We should start preparing . "
" Are you sure ? " asked Nye .
" We 've been here before , " remarked Balls , unconvinced .
Livermore and Miliband also expressed scepticism .
" It 's going to happen , " Brown assured them .
" He said it in terms .
Prescott was there .
Prescott wo n't let him break the promise this time . "
Blair gave a rather different account of the dinner to his friends , suggesting that he 'd implored Brown to be more co-operative by saying : " I 'm happy to give you your place in the sun , but you 've got to accept that I am Prime Minister . "
He suggested he'd done a half - deal , making a handover conditional on Brown 's good behaviour .
Spring 2004
The wall of the staircase which sweeps up from the ground floor of Number 10 to the first floor is lined with portraits and pictures of all its previous occupants , the still famous and the long - forgotten men and one woman who have ruled Britain from Downing Street .
They are in chronological order .
At the bottom of the stair is Sir Robert Walpole , the first and longest - serving Prime Minister .
At the top , a hanging space waited for Tony Blair .
When he was in a mordant mood , he would draw the attention of a visitor to the spot .
He would say : " That 's where they put you when you 're done . "
By the spring of 2004 , he felt done .
The amazing run that began with his election to the leadership in 1994 and swept him through two landslide victories was definitively over .
His morale was collapsing , his health was deteriorating , his unpopularity was spiralling and many of the ambitions of a badly wounded leader seemed to have crumbled to dust .
He had hit the rock bottom of his premiership .
Consummate actor that he was , Blair was skilful at concealing the severity of the descent from the public and the media .
He was also adept at masking it from the great majority of his colleagues and officials .
" He managed to disguise it from most people , " says his Cabinet Secretary , Andrew Turnbull .
" It was n't visible to me .
I only believed in The Wobble when it became clear afterwards that there had been one . "
Only those closest to him could see the interior collapse of the Prime Minister .
There had been few days since 9/11 when he had not been living on his nerves .
He found it difficult to sleep .
When it eventually came , rest often did not last long .
He would wake with a start in the middle of the night to find sweat trickling down the back of his neck .
His hair was dramatically thinner and what remained of it was much greyer than it had been in May 1997 .
There was a yellow tone to his skin .
" You look young .
Why do you look so much younger than me ? " he remarked to a junior minister of a similar age .
The other man responded : " Because I 'm not Prime Minister . "
The make - up that was slapped on him for public appearances did not entirely camouflage the stress and exhaustion etched into his face .
Those who saw him when he was not wearing pancake were often shocked by how he looked .
Nights were also broken by Leo , now aged nearly four .
Leo would be disturbed by the ring of the phone in the flat , or just wake up anyway , and then refuse to go back to sleep .
Blair had " a day from hell " when he came back from a European Council late one night to find that Leo was with Cherie in their bed .
The Prime Minister ended up trying , and failing , to get his own rest in Leo 's little bed in the nursery .
During a short break in Bermuda at Easter , another holidaymaker thought Leo was the Prime Minister 's grandson .
That commentary on how old he was looking made Blair sigh : " I obviously need to get to the gym . "
He had tried to deal with the stress by taking up a fitness regime about which he had become quite fanatical .
He would work out at Number 10 and use the running machine in the gym in the police guardhouse at Chequers .
The result was to make him look thinner and more haggard .
He would complain of exhaustion to close friends , groaning : " I 'm so tired . "
His heart condition was worrying both him and Cherie .
In October 2003 , he had a scare while spending the weekend at Chequers .
His chest was gripped with pain and on Sunday evening he was rushed to Hammersmith hospital in London to be given emergency treatment and placed under supervision for five hours .
An irregular heartbeat was diagnosed .
He and his aides were frightened that this intimation of his mortality would weaken his political authority .
That Sunday night , David Hill , Blair 's Director of Communications , arranged to rush the Government 's chief medical officer , Sir Liam Donaldson , to an interview for Radio 4's The Westminster Hour in order to deliver reassurances that the condition was neither life - threatening nor incapacitating .
That did not entirely succeed in smothering speculation about the Prime Minister 's health .
There was more reason to be anxious than the media knew .
Blair cut down on coffee , but perversely refused to take the pills that were prescribed for his condition .
His heart would suddenly and scarily start to race , most alarmingly when he was performing at news conferences and in the Commons .
" I had the feeling that he was only operating at 60 to 70 % or so of his capacity , " thought one of his intimates .
He confided to one of his most trusted aides that he even " spaced out " several times in the middle of Prime Minister 's Questions .
There was a further toll on his family .
Blair was " utterly aware of the fickle nature of people 's adulation and people 's hatred , " says his friend Charlie Falconer .
He tried to insulate himself and his children by " preserving an ordinary family life " .
Leo was too young to be aware of what was happening to his father .
Not so Euan , Nicky and Kathryn .
The Blairs ' children had to make a difficult adjustment .
Their dad had been a hugely popular leader in his early years and they had largely enjoyed the celebrity that went with that .
Now the children had a father who was widely loathed for the Iraq war , not least by their own age group .
An emotional trauma with one of the children came as a terrible shock to both the Blairs .
As one of his aides says : " He 's a decent human being .
He 's a very good dad .
It shook him very deeply . "
Blair was increasingly doubtful that he could achieve more with the premiership .
The Northern Ireland peace process , to which he had devoted commendably vast amounts of time and energy , was at an impasse .
Iraq was so dire that Tessa Jowell , one of his closest Cabinet allies , publicly called it " a shroud over the Government " .
Public service reform was still proving frustratingly intractable .
A senior politician who saw a lot of him observed : " He 's not very happy .
I 'm not convinced he gets to the end of many weeks and thinks he has really achieved something . "
A threatening band of Labour MPs appeared to be in permanent revolt .
" No Prime Minister can survive long - term with a deadweight of 60 or 70 rebels out to get him by any means possible , " noted a Cabinet member .
' If 30 more have a genuine concern about an issue , that 's a hundred against you from the start . "
Then there were the endless guerrilla attacks orchestrated by the impatient Gordon Brown .
" It 's just constant psychological warfare from Gordon , " one of Blair 's most senior aides told me at this time .
" He will not give up until he has got Tony out . "
Cherie was livid about the " constant attrition " from Brown " rattling the keys above his head " .
On 28 April graphic pictures of American soldiers abusing Iraqi prisoners began to surface in the US media .
They were broadcast on network television the next day and then carried around the world .
In one of the most shocking photos , a female American soldier , Lynndie England , was shown with a cigarette dangling from her mouth giving a thumbs - up sign while pointing at the genitals of a naked and hooded young Iraqi who has been ordered to masturbate .
The abuse was committed at the Abu Ghraib prison , one of Saddam 's torture chambers near Baghdad , which added to the ghastly symbolism .
The iconic image of Iraq was no longer the toppling of the tyrant 's statue .
It was a female American soldier holding an Iraqi detainee on a leash .
After many months of ignoring warnings from Amnesty International and others who had gathered allegations about torture and killings , Tony Blair was forced to respond .
He called himself " appalled " and declared : " Nobody underestimates how wrong this is or how wrong this will seem to be . "
The full extent of the barbarity was not yet publicly revealed in 2004 .
But the pictures from Abu Ghraib were appalling enough to add to the crisis of Tony Blair 's premiership that spring .
Already facing relentless accusations that he was mendacious about the WMD , these revelations ate into the moral case for the war .
The head of the Foreign Office , Michael Jay , regarded it as hugely damaging .
" You have to conduct foreign policy in accordance with the values you espouse .
If you do n't do that , you lose an enormous amount of moral authority . "
" He got down because of the aftermath of Iraq , " says Peter Mandelson .
" There was a temporary lapse of morale , spirit , heart .
He was prepared at that moment to walk away from it all . "
Philip Gould , Blair 's political consultant , agrees that it was " Iraq – the enormity of it weighed him down " .
Tessa Jowell , a Cabinet minister very close to Blair , says : " He was very low , he was very lonely and he was very tired . "
" It was n't a spasm , " believes another ally , Stephen Byers .
" He was wobbling for a while . "
David Blunkett felt Blair " was really down and needed lifting … when things are going badly you sometimes go into a black hole " .
Peter Hain agrees that it " was a period of tremendousdarkness for him " .
Alan Milburn reckons : " He 'd lost confidence , the Government had lost direction , he looked very vulnerable . "
A senior member of the Cabinet who had known Blair for years says : " This was a very bleak part of Tony 's premiership .
The war had changed the whole atmosphere of British politics .
The north London liberal middle class where he came from was turning viciously against him over Iraq .
He was utterly miserable and the neighbour was saying : ' When the fuck are you going ? ' "
Cherie was consumed by anxiety that they would be out on the street if her husband suddenly quit .
With his agreement , she secretly arranged the purchase of a £ 3.6 million house in Connaught Square .
" A mortgage the size of Mount Snowdon " was guaranteed against his future earnings in retirement .
" It was all coming in on him at once , " comments David Hill .
In the words of Sally Morgan , one of Blair 's closest aides : " Iraq was a quicksand swallowing him up .
The atrocities .
Those terrible photos .
And he started losing people who had supported him throughout .
He was stuck in this long , dark tunnel and could see no way out of it . "
The Cabinet Secretary saw it eating away at the Prime Minister : " The justification for the war did n't stand up .
In terms of making Iraq a more decent place to live , was it ?
No , it was in a worse place . "
The Tories were advancing on Labour in the polls and Blair 's personal ratings dropped to the lowest of his premiership .
Those of Brown sparkled in comparison .
The Chancellor consolidated his position with a 2004 Budget that increased spending on health and promised a further £ 8.5 billion over four years for education .
" Gordon was at his peak , " comments Philip Gould .
Brown also found more money for pensioners .
This was what the average Labour MP had come into politics to do rather than fight a disastrous war in the Middle East alongside a very right - wing President .
A typical poll had more than a quarter of Labour supporters saying they might switch their vote because of the war .
Polling indicated that Labour would have a much bigger majority at the next election if Blair was replaced with Brown .
Cabinet colleagues had rarely seen Brown so cheerful .
" Gordon has got such a spring in his step , he 's so whistle - while - you - work , " noted one minister .
" Something about the succession must have been said . "
John Prescott knew that something had been said .
In the early spring , Blair rang up his deputy and confirmed : " I 'm going in June . "
In Number 10 , Sally Morgan was hatching a quiet conspiracy to stop the Prime Minister from resigning .
She would check his appointments diary .
If she saw that he was due to meet a friendly face , she would ring the visitor beforehand to encourage him to pump oxygen back into the morale of the Prime Minister .
She also invited allies in the Cabinet to drop by to cheer him up , call him at weekends and in the evening and have him to lunches and dinners so that he felt less isolated .
In late April , Tessa Jowell came to Blair 's study to offer her shoulder to him .
" You 're going to get through this , " she told him .
" I 'm fine , darling .
Do n't worry about me .
I 'm fine , " he responded , unconvincingly .
Jowell told him : " Never think you 're alone .
We 're here for you . "
Philip Gould observes : " He goes to women a lot at these moments : he finds it easier . "
It was " women who were best at reassuring and bolstering him " , agrees Jonathan Powell , his Chief of Staff , because Blair felt he could be more emotionally open with them .
Other callers who worked to persuade him to stay were Hilary Armstrong , David Blunkett , Stephen Byers , Charles Clarke , Charlie Falconer , Alan Milburn and John Reid , who were all recruited to the campaign to make Blair feel loved .
" Our job is to sustain him until the safety of summer , " Blunkett told colleagues .
Patricia Hewitt , not so personally close to Blair , but no enthusiast for a Brown premiership , wrote a note urging him to stay .
Peter Mandelson was an influential voice .
" Do n't be so daft , " Mandelson told Blair when they discussed resignation .
" Come on .
Buck up .
Buck up .
Think of what you have to do .
Think of what you 've got to achieve .
You 're the best politician in this country by a mile .
So just get on top of this . "
Staff at Number 10 noted that Mandelson and Morgan suddenly started to involve themselves intensely in a plan to speed up " Iraqisation " , the handing over of control to Iraqis .
" They were trying to show Tony there was a way out . "
Cherie was the most crucial actor in the campaign to stop her husband resigning .
She had her moments of doubt about whether they could endure the pressures of power and she worried about his health and the children .
But Cherie enjoyed being the chatelaine of Number 10 and did n't want her husband to quit while he was behind .
She detested the thought of surrendering the keys to Gordon Brown .
On the evening of Tuesday 11 May , the Blairs had dinner with Michael Levy , old friend , fundraiser and Middle East envoy , and Levy 's wife , Gilda .
Jonathan Powell rang Levy beforehand with a warning that the Prime Minister was near resignation .
" This is very important , Michael , " said Powell .
" He really needs a lift . "
The foursome sat down in a small private dining room at Wiltons in Jermyn Street .
With paintings of hunting scenes on the walls , the restaurant was a traditional haunt of old - school Tories .
Levy came to the dinner with both a warning and an encouragement .
The warning was that donors to the party were picking up rumours that Blair might not be around for much longer .
That was making it hard for Levy to prise open their cheque books .
" You have to make a decision , Tony , " Levy told him .
The encouragement came in the form of praise for all Blair had achieved and all he could yet achieve as Prime Minister .
Levy , ever the salesman , laid on his best patter to sell Blair to Blair .
" Now is not the time to give up , " said Levy , flattering Blair with the argument that he was the only person who could win Labour a third term .
It seemed to have the desired effect .
The next morning , Cherie waited until her husband was in the shower and out of earshot .
Then she rang Levy .
He had Cherie 's thanks : " Tony came home much happier last night . "
A little later , she sent the peer some flowers .
Cherie was " by miles " the most significant influence in convincing her husband not to quit , according to Charlie Falconer .
David Blunkett agrees she was " really crucial in persuading Tony not to step down " .
She argued with him that to go now " would be read by history as a tacit admission of failure " , as indeed it would have been .
" For her , it was beyond the pale to surrender to the next - door neighbour , " says Levy .
June 2004
Tony Blair was still out of the country when the country returned its verdict on him .
Blair had travelled on to Washington for the funeral of Ronald Reagan as Britons went to the polls for the local and Euro-elections on 10 June .
Labour lost more than 450 council seats , slumping into third place behind the Liberal Democrats .
The Euro-elections were even worse .
Labour 's share crashed to a terrible 23 % .
Blair was not exactly cheerful when he got the news , but neither did he react despondently .
" They 're bad , but they 're not that bad , " he told those travelling with him .
Michael Howard 's Conservatives fell short of the psychologically crucial 40 % threshold in the locals and scored a paltry 27 % in the elections for the European Parliament , a dismal result for the principal Opposition party at a time when the Government was so unpopular .
In the wake of the results , Cabinet loyalists flooded the airwaves to play up the disappointment for the Tories and play down Labour 's pummelling at the hands of the voters .
" They were crap elections , but there was a brilliant operation afterwards .
We had our people on every media outlet , " says Sally Morgan .
The exercise successfully smothered attempts by some of the Chancellor 's supporters to stir up discontent against the Prime Minister .
The agitation was anyway half - hearted because Gordon Brown was working on the assumption that he would soon be moving into Number 10 .
" Gordon trusted him to hand over , " says one of Brown 's closest allies .
" Against all previous experience , he still trusted him . "
To help save the elections from being a total catastrophe for Labour , Brown and his team had put a lot of effort into the campaign .
They were disconsolate and mutually recriminatory when the outcome weakened Howard and therefore strengthened Blair .
To Brown 's face , Ed Balls said : " You 've been a mug . "
Blair was now almost completely resolved not to leave Number 10 , his morale further buoyed by advice from Philip Gould that Labour could win another three - figure majority at the next general election .
What Blair had yet to summon up was the courage to tell Brown that his promise of a handover was not worth the paper it was not written on .
" All conversation stopped , " says an aide at the centre of Brown 's circle .
" It all went suspiciously silent .
Tony could n't bring himself to tell Gordon directly .
He could n't explain what he was doing . "
Brown came round to Number 10 to try to get an answer .
Sally Morgan says : " Gordon was just losing it .
He was behaving like a belligerent teenager .
Just standing in the office shouting : ' When are you going to fucking go ? " '
Members of the Chancellor 's entourage tried to take things into their own hands .
Ed Miliband was always regarded as the least thuggish of the Chancellor 's crew , but the iron had now entered his soul .
He stormed in to see Sally Morgan .
" Why are you still sitting here ?
Why have n't you packed up to go ? " demanded Miliband .
" There 's a deal and he 's got to go .
There 's a deal .
Prescott was the witness to it . "
Morgan claimed never to have heard of any such deal : " I do n't accept what you 're saying is true . "
She went into the den to tell Blair : " You 're not going to believe this .
I 've had Ed Miliband round telling me to pack up . "
Blair contacted Prescott , who " went mad " because he did n't want to be dragged into it .
Miliband phoned Morgan soon afterwards .
" How dare you tell people ? " he shouted down the phone .
" That was supposed to be a private conversation . "
According to David Hill : " It happened quite regularly .
You 'd have numbers of Brown people coming round to Number 10 saying : ' You should n't be here any longer ' . ''
Brown 's camp were becoming demented in anticipation of what they saw as an incipient betrayal .
No one was more maddened than the Chancellor , who had been readier to believe the promises of a handover than the more sceptical Ed Balls and the rest of his entourage .
Blair could not bring himself to tell Brown directly .
So the media had the conversation for them .
18 July was the beginning of the tenth anniversary week of Blair 's leadership of the Labour party .
On that day , the Observer splashed : " Blair : no deal with Brown on No 10 " .
My story and the commentary inside were based on extensive conversations at the highest levels within Number 10 , where I had been given the emphatic impression that Blair had totally recovered from the psychological pit of the spring and was now fixed on fighting another election and serving a full third term .
It was widely conjectured among lobby correspondents that the principal source for this exclusive was Tony Blair himself .
The Treasury took that as read .
Brown vented his fury with his confidants .
" Newspapers were hurled around the office and trampled on , " says one senior Brown aide .
A boiling Brown then demanded an explanation from Blair .
" I was asked a question , " replied Blair , mock innocently .
" I answered it . "
Brown shouted back : " Are you fucking going or not ? "
He did not get a straight answer from the other man .
John Prescott got the two of them together for one of his marriage counselling dinners at Admiralty House .
" Give me a date , " demanded Brown .
Blair finally admitted to his change of mind .
He could n't go now , he contended , because it would look as if he had been defeated by Iraq .
" I need more time , " he told Brown .
" I ca n't be bounced . "
The dinner ended badly .
In August 2006 , Tony Blair leaves for his summer holiday amid growing demands within the Labour party for him to announce a date for his departure .
Before Tony Blair 's departure for the Caribbean , his closest allies had counselled him that he would have to come back from holiday with a strategy to manage the rising clamour from Labour MPs for clarity about how long he intended to go on as Prime Minister .
Blair remained hugely reluctant to say any more about this in public on the grounds that talking about it would just lead to " another Hiroshima of speculation " .
His silence only made his critics more voluble .
There was a major debate with his aides at Chequers in April and another in July .
Jonathan Powell was the leader of the diehards .
The Chief of Staff believed that Blair should still be planning to remain at Number 10 at least until 2008 .
Phil Collins , Blair 's chief speech writer , took his side .
So did David Hill , mainly on the grounds that the media would try to drag him forward from whatever deadline he set .
That chimed with Blair 's own feelings .
" Whatever date I give , my enemies will come back and demand a date six months earlier , " he told his aides .
Collins observes : " He was always reluctant to give the date .
That was the only thing he had left . "
Matthew Taylor , Blair 's senior policy adviser , was the most persistent advocate within Number 10 for a precise timetable .
He argued that Blair would squash the endless speculation , silence his enemies and snuff out Brownite plots if he was publicly clear that he would leave in the summer of 2007 .
Ruth Turner , the Director of Government Relations , tended to agree because she was " getting it in the neck " from Labour MPs and the Cabinet all the time – " he 's got to tell us , he 's got to give a date " .
There was a strong dimension of Blair , the side of him that was anxious to avoid the fate of Margaret Thatcher , that wanted to leave Number 10 with dignity .
That was in contention with the other side of Blair , who had meant it when he said he wanted to serve a full third term and hated the idea of handing the crown to Brown under duress .
He would talk " in almost mystical terms " about how " he had made a contract with the British people to serve a full term " .
Whatever view they took , there was near universal agreement among his senior staff that Blair had to be more precise about his intentions .
Even the ultras like Ben Wegg - Prosser could now sense that " it was going to be difficult to get beyond 2007 " .
The current vagueness offered no fixed point for his allies to rally around while providing ammunition for the Brownites and other Labour MPs who were saying that the uncertainty damaged the Government .
As the pressure mounted , some of Blair 's closest confidants were increasingly worried that it would all end badly for their friend in Number 10 .
One of them mournfully remarked to me that summer : " Prime Ministers never get their departures right , do they ? "
What no one else knew was that John Prescott had presented Blair with a stark ultimatum .
The two of them met alone in July shortly before Blair went abroad .
Prescott was a very weakened figure after the humiliating exposure of his adultery with a junior civil servant .
But he still retained one weapon , the threat of revelation , that he could use on Blair .
The deputy had long been telling Blair he had to announce his departure date .
Prescott also believed that it was only fair to give Brown two years as Prime Minister to establish himself before a general election .
When they met that July , Prescott told Blair that he must make a public declaration that he would leave by the summer of 2007 .
He said Blair had to make that announcement in his speech on the Tuesday of that autumn 's party conference .
If he did n't deliver , Prescott threatened , he would announce his own resignation in his speech on the Thursday and reveal that he was quitting because Blair had broken the promises to Brown witnessed by Prescott .
" I will make it clear that you are to blame , " Prescott menaced the Prime Minister .
Blair protested that this was unnecessary .
He had already given assurances to both Brown and Prescott that he was secretly planning to leave in 2007 anyway .
But this time his deputy was not willing to be smoothed into submission .
Prescott responded that private promises like that were n't good enough any more .
" Gordon does n't believe you .
And I do n't fucking believe you . "
© Andrew Rawnsley
This is how you play the trumpet ... in the ghetto .
HEADS UP !
This article was written for an older version of node .
More up - to - date information may be available elsewhere .
In programming literature it has become the standard to create a hello world program as the first example .
This article will go through a few simple hello world type examples with everything from simple terminal output to an http server that uses an external framework for some semantic sugar .
Then we 'll shift gears and go through a real example that teaches enough to get you up on your feet writing your own web application using node .
JS .
Hello World Examples
Here are four simple hello world examples .
The comments in the code explain how the code works and the text around it explain what it does and how to test it .
Hello Console
This example is about as plain as it can get .
It prints the words " Hello World " to the terminal .
hello-console.js //
Call the console.log function .
console . log ( " Hello World " ) ;
You can run this by putting it in a file called " hello-console.js " and running it with node hello - console.js
Hello HTTP
I 'd guess that while it 's not the only use case for node .
JS , most people are using it as a web application platform .
So the next example will be a simple HTTP server that responds to every request with the plain text message " Hello World "
hello - http.js //
Load the http module to create an http server .
var http = require ( ' http ' ) ;
// Configure our HTTP server to respond with Hello World to all requests .
var server = http .
createServer ( function ( request , response ) {
response .
writeHead ( 200 , { " Content - Type " : " text / plain " } ) ;
response .
end ( " Hello World
" ) ;
} ) ;
// Listen on port 8000 , IP defaults to 127.0.0.1
server .
listen ( 8000 ) ;
//
Put a friendly message on the terminal
console . log ( " Server running at http://127.0.0.1:8000/ " ) ;
Hello TCP
Node also makes an excellent TCP server , and here is an example that responds to all TCP connections with the message " Hello World " and then closes the connection .
hello- tcp.js //
Load the net module to create a tcp server .
var net = require ( ' net ' ) ;
// Creates a new TCP server .
The handler argument is automatically set as a listener for the ' connection ' event
var server = net .
createServer ( function ( socket ) {
// Every time someone connects , tell them hello and then close the connection .
console .
log ( " Connection from " + socket .
remoteAddress ) ;
socket .
end ( " Hello World
" ) ;
} ) ;
// Fire up the server bound to port 7000 on localhost
server .
listen ( 7000 , " localhost " ) ;
//
Put a friendly message on the terminal
console . log ( " TCP server listening on port 7000 at localhost . " ) ;
Hello Router
Often you wo n't be using the node built - in libraries because they are designed to be very low level .
This makes node quick , nimble , and easy to maintain , but is usually not enough to get started on a real world application .
My first node framework is node - router .
This example shows an HTTP server that responds with " Hello World " to all requests to " / " and responds with a 404 error to everything else .
hello- router.js //
Load the node - router library by creationix
var server = require ( ' node - router ' ) . getServer ( ) ;
// Configure our HTTP server to respond with Hello World the root request
server .
get ( " / " , function ( request , response ) {
response .
simpleText ( 200 , " Hello World ! " ) ;
} ) ;
// Listen on port 8080 on localhost
server .
listen ( 8000 , " localhost " ) ;
In order to test this , you will need to install the node - router library .
There are two ways to do this .
You can either install it into a path that node recognizes ( I create a symlink into ~/.node_libraries ) or put the node - router .js file in your application and reference it locally .
See the node docs on modules for more details on how modules work .
Installing Libraries
I 'll install the following libraries that are common to my projects :
node - router - Wraps the built - in http library with many convenience functions like request routing and message body decoding .
haml - js - Template engine that compiles HAML templates into HTML
proto -
Baby library that adds some useful stuff to Object .
prototype
You can install these however you please , but here is how I 'd do it .
The following code will clone the four libraries and install them into your local node library search path :
install.sh mkdir ~ / NodeLibs
cd ~/ NodeLibs
git clone git : //github.com/creationix/node-router.git
git clone git : //github.com/creationix/haml-js.git
git clone git : //github.com/creationix/proto.git
mkdir ~ /.node_libraries
cd ~/ .
node_libraries
ln - s ~ / NodeLibs / * /lib/ * ./
That 's it for now , this article was going to explain more , but it seems it got lost and fell through the cracks .
Hopefully this will help you get started working with node .
JS , it 's a blast !.
Disqus
The bag of programming tricks that has served us so well for the last 50 years is the wrong way to think going forward and must be thrown out .
Last week , Guy Steele came in and did a guest lecture " The Future is Parallel : What 's a Programmer to Do ? " for my advanced symbolic class ( 6.945 ) .
It 's a really excellent talk ; such an excellent talk that I had seen the slides for prior to the talk .
However hearing Guy Steele talk about it in person really helped set things in context for me .
One of the central points of the talk is the call for more creative catamorphisms .
Well , what is a creative catamorphism ?
To answer this question , we first have to understand what a catamorphism is .
The functional programming crowd is well familiar with a few relatively banal examples of the catamorphism , namely the left fold and the right fold .
One way to think about folds is simply a " level of abstraction " above a loop one might write in an imperative language .
Another way to think of the fold is replacing the type constructor for the list ( the cons or : operation ) with another function , as seen in Cale Gibbard 's excellent diagrams :
The point of the catamorphism is that this does n't need to apply just to lists ; in fact , we can run a catamorphism on any recursive data structure !
Just make a function for each constructor in the type , with the appropriate arity ( so a ternary tree would require functions that take three arguments , and so forth ) , and let her rip !
This is vitally important because the old left and right fold are the " wrong way to think " ; by the very nature of their structure they require you to evaluate sequentially .
But set things up in a binary tree , and you can evaluate all the subtrees first before combining them at the end .
So what is a creative catamorphism ?
It 's when the original recursive data structure does n't map cleanly on to the atoms that your computation wants to deal with .
The example Guy Steele discusses in his talk is the time honored task of breaking a string into its words .
A string is merely a list of characters , which only lets us handle it character by character ( traditional sequential ) , or a naive transformation into a binary tree , which only gives us efficient bisection ( parallelizable ) .
The trouble with naive bisection is that it might split in the middle of the word , so our combining function has to account for this case .
How to deal with this is left as an exercise for the reader ( or you can go read the slides . )
In fact , this was the critical moment when I understood the global reasoning behind what Edward Kmett was talking about when he gave his ( in my opinion pretty crazy ) talk on " A Parallel Parsing Trifecta : Iteratees , Parsec , and Monoids " .
The goal of this code is to massively parallelize parsing by splitting up the input document into chunks and then recombining them with the parsing function .
He has to deal with the same problems that showed up in the toy example in Steele 's talk , and he pulls out all sorts of tricks to get things pumping .
I will admit , the work is complicated , and at times , it feels like overkill .
But it 's a brave new parallel world , and it 's time we fully explore the designs and implications of it .
With any luck , we will be able to write parallel programs as naturally we can write sequential programs , but it 's a long way getting there .
Update ( 2013-05 - 21 ) .
Oleg writes in to tell me that there is actually a name for these types of tricks : an almost homomorphism .
It is not surprising to see that the work described in the Skepara project collaborated with Guy Steele and the Fortress project ; it is well worth checking out for a calculational approach for deriving these catamorphisms .
News in Science
Bumblebees have superfast colour vision
A new study has found bees ' colour vision is five times faster than human 's and among the fastest in the animal world .
Researchers belive the lightning - fast colour vision enables bees to zip through bushes and trees , escape predators , spot each other and otherwise deal with their world in fast forward .
The trick to their fast vision is how many ' snap shots ' per second the colour - detecting cells in bumblebees ' eyes take and send to their brains .
" The limiting factor is how fast the photo receptors can register a change , " says bee vision researcher Dr Peter Skorupski of Queen Mary , University of London .
" So we measured the speed directly from the receptor . "
In a human eye the receptors are the cells in the retina at the back of the eye .
" When we see something it seems instantaneous , " says Skorupski .
" But there 's a lot of processing going on under the bonnet .
In our case there can be a delay of tenth of a second before you register what you are seeing . "
Inspired by flies
The fastest vision known belongs to flies , but that is not colour vision , Skorupski explains .
" A lot of this has been worked out in flies , " he says .
" Our work was inspired by classic work on flies . "
That work focused also on finding the connection between the speed of fly vision to the cost of having such amped - up sight , says Skorupski .
What he and his colleague Professor Lars Chittka wanted to know is whether there was a similar relationship between colour vision and the energy used by bees .
In other words , do bees have fast colour vision and if so , do bees pay a price for the revved - up technicolours .
The first step was to measure the bee colour vision speed , which they have done and published in the Journal of Neuroscience .
Their bee experiments show that the colour receptors of bumbles were still slower than the colourless , or achromatic , receptors of bees .
But , on the other hand , they are faster than human colour vision .
Good learners
Vision researcher Dr Fain Gordon of the University of California , Los Angeles says the finding is a solid piece of research that adds to other vision studies on toads , moths and other animals with a variety of faster , slower or just more sensitive vision than humans .
" There is no doubt that colour is important in bees ' lives , " says Skorupski .
" Flying through dappled foliage , with rapidly changing lighting conditions , they are very good at learning colours and using colour cues to recognise their hives . "
The next step , says Skorupski , will be to evaluate the cost to the bees - in terms of energy they consume .
The Aigo Walkshow NX7001 is a MID that runs on the Maemo OS , which is similar to what the Nokia N900 is having .
The Walkshow NX7001 will come with 3G connectivity as well as Wi-Fi support , a GPS and Bluetooth module .
Read after the break for more photos and specs .
With Maemo , you can use it as [ … ]
For the last day , the general election has been taking a back seat - in social media terms - to the Digital Economy Bill .
As the controversial bill was completing its passage through the Commons last night ( you can watch it here ) , there were thousands of tweets monitoring the debate - and not a little fury when the bill got through , with 189 voting in favour , and 47 against .
Here 's how they voted .
Even MPs were adding to the running commentary .
Labour 's Tom Watson , a former minister close to Gordon Brown , was rebelling : " First time I 've ever broken the whip in the chamber .
I feel physically sick . "
He and the Liberal Democrats who opposed the bill won praise from campaigners and critics - along with promises that there would be an effect at the ballot box , with rebels rewarded and supporters punished .
We shall see whether the digital crowd makes a difference .
In the heat of battle last night , there was some confusion as to which parts of the bill actually made it through .
There was victory for the photographers who had claimed that clause 43 in the bill , relating to so - called " orphan works " , would end up handing over their picture rights to giant media firms ; that was dropped .
At first , it seemed that an even more controversial clause had gone - one allowing the blocking of websites which host copyrighted material without permission .
Later , it emerged that the clause had been amended so that there will have to be further Parliamentary scrutiny before any blocking takes place .
This morning , opponents were still claiming that it could allow the blocking of resources such as Wikileaks , which hosts material like the recent video of US troops firing on Iraqi civilians .
But the clauses which caused the most anger from campaigners like the Open Rights Group survived the horse - trading .
That means we will now get those " technical measures " allowing Ofcom to impose speed brakes or suspend the internet connections of those who repeatedly share files illegally .
The government insists this will only happen if offenders ignore repeated warnings - and is stressing that it 's only aimed at the most serious offenders .
The opponents claim millions could be cut off .
And a " concession " - which did n't convince the Labour rebels - was a consultation process with MPs and peers .
The government calls this a " super- affirmative procedure " but the bill 's critics say ministers would still be able to make MPs toe the party line and force any new proposals through Parliament .
Combing through Twitter , I found only one apparent supporter of the bill : " Am I missing something regarding the #debill , or are people complaining that they might get punished for breaking the law ? "
Thousands more were repeating " I choose not to recognise the UK's Digital Economy Bill " , as if that might make it go away .
In 24 hours , the hashtag #debill appeared 14,400 times on Twitter , as compared to 1,470 tweets using the election hashtag # ge2010 .
So , does that mean the mainstream media , with its concentration on campaign news , is ignoring the really big story ?
Or is this a particularly well - focussed campaign by a relatively small group of activists ?
When conservative activists James O’Keefe and Hannah Giles released tapes last fall purporting to show ACORN employees advising them on how to set up a child prostitution ring , it resulted in widespread praise for their intrepid journalism and a Congressional defunding of the anti-poverty group .
But it is now becoming clear to all but their most fervent supporters that the O’Keefe “ expose ” was deliberately misleading .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If you were a member of Congress and you voted to defund ACORN because of the outrage portrayed in these tapes , ” MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow proclaimed on Tuesday , “ you were had . ”
Last week , California Attorney Gerneral Jerry Brown released some of O’Keefe ’s raw footage , which he obtained as part of an agreement not to prosecute O’Keefe for violating state privacy laws .
Maddow reviewed several of the most severe distortions revealed by the footage , starting with O’Keefe ’s claim that he was wearing his outrageous pimp outfit when he visited the ACORN offices .
That claim , which Brad Friedman at Brad Blog has been debunking for months , was promoted heavily by Fox News and swallowed uncritically by most of the mainstream media .
The unedited tape of O’Keefe ’s visit to the ACORN office in San Diego , however , includes a shot of his arm as he opens the door to leave , and he is clearly wearing a nicely pinstriped dress shirt .
The edited video released by O’Keefe also appears to show an ACORN employee advising him on how to smuggle underage girls into the United States .
O’Keefe is heard off - camera saying , “ What things do you need from me in terms of the shipment information , ” and the employee replies , “ It ’s better if it ’s in Tijuana … because I have a lot of contacts in Tijuana . ”
O’Keefe then goes on to say , “ There ’s twelve of them . …
Twelve girls , they ’re like 13 to 15 years old . ”
But as Maddow pointed out , in the previously unreleased portion of the video , the employee continues asking very detailed questions about O’Keefe ’s phone number and the exact time and location of the girls ’ arrival .
“ What ’s this ACORN guy going to do with all that information ? ” Maddow wondered .
“ Oh , he calls the police and reports what they ’ve told him is going to be a crime . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
According to Jerry Brown ’s report ( pdf ) , “ Immediately after the couple left , Vera telephoned his cousin , Detective Alejandro Hernandez , at the National City Police Department … [ and said ] that a self - admitted prostitute had been to the office and was discussing human smuggling . ”
“ For that he ended up getting fired , ” Maddow noted wryly .
A final O’Keefe tape appeared to show a different ACORN employee reacting to the child prostitution scheme by saying enthusiastically , “ You can do anything . …
Do n’t give up . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But the unedited tape reveals that the encouraging words came after O’Keefe had told the employee that he and his prostitute girlfriend were having trouble finding a house because she is “ in a unique line of work . ”
Her “ never give up ” meant to keep trying different banks until one said yes .
“ This is not meant to excuse what ACORN has done wrong in the past , ” Maddow concluded .
“ But the huge tide of negative publicity … was bullpucky .
It was a dishonest political stunt that bears no resemblance to journalism and no resemblance to the actual facts . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ But it worked , ” she added .
“ Who do you think is next on their list ? ”
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast April 6 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Watch this video on iPhone / iPad
Ben je klaar voor een onvergetelijke spelervaring ?
Of het nu je eerste keer is dat je het landcasino inwisselt voor de online versie of je bent een ervaren digitale gokfanaat , je zult merken dat online spelen niet te evenaren is op het land .
De spellen blijven hetzelfde , maar door wat technologische hulpstukjes worden deze verreikt met extra opties en uitvoeringen .
Je hoeft je dus nooit te vervelen .
Mensen leven steeds comfortabeler in een wereld waar technologie de overhand heeft , en je zult zien dat er vele voordelen zitten aan online spelen dan de reis ondernemen naar een landcasino .
Denk bijvoorbeeld aan de tijd en geld die je bespaart als je niet hoeft te reizen ( vooral als het dichtstbijzijnde casino ettelijke kilometers weg is ) .
Er is geen drukte op de vloer – je hoeft nooit te wachten bij een tafel , je hebt de keuze uit alle soorten spellen en er zal geen sprake kunnen zijn van machines die tijdelijk niet werken .
Oneindig veel spelplezier
Een website neemt geen fysieke ruimte in , wat betekent dat het aanbod aan spellen groot is en oneindig ver kan groeien .
Zo kun je kiezen voor de klassiekers als blackjack , Wheel of Fortune , de fruitautomaat of Texas Hold ’em maar ook uit een elke dag groeiend aantal aan varianten hierop of nieuwe spellen .
Bovenop de gigantische variatie aan spellen , kun jij spelen wanneer het jou uitkomt .
Je hoeft geen rekening te houden met wachtrijen of sluitingstijden en een online machine zal altijd werken ( uiteraard heb je wel een werkende internetverbinding nodig ) .
Je hoeft geen fiches bij te dragen , want alles wordt in je account online geregistreerd .
Het geld in je elektronische wallet en het aantal verdiende punten voor de winst kun je in één simpel overzicht terugzien .
Een account kun je overigens gratis en met een paar drukken op de knop aanmaken .
Vanuit je luie stoel of onderweg : jij bepaalt
Openingstijden gelden hier niet .
Het maakt niets uit of je ’s ochtends vroeg , ’s avonds laat of even in je lunchpauze een gokje wilt wagen , jij bepaalt wanneer je speelt .
Ook waar je speelt is helemaal aan jou .
Je bent niet beperkt tot één fysieke ruimte met anderen – iets dat ook afleidend kan werken .
Of je nu in de trein , in bad of vanuit je luie stoel speelt , je zult nooit gehinderd worden door andere speler , een dresscode of de sluitingstijd .
De glitter en glamour van een landcasino zul je misschien even missen , maar wie zegt dat je bij de winst niet zelf met je vrienden de champagnefles mag ontkurken ?
Daarnaast is thuis gokken ook nog eens veiliger .
Je zult hier niet worden bestolen en al je gegevens zijn gegarandeerd beschermd .
Je hoeft niet ieder uur in je zakken te voelen of je fiches nog compleet zijn en je kunt er vanuit gaan dat al je medespeler eerlijk spelen .
Een online spel is namelijk een stuk moeilijk om te bedriegen dan aan de fysieke speltafel .
Met je neus in de bonus gevallen
Online spellen hebben iets wat landcasino ’s niet kunnen bieden : de vele bonussen en extra ’s die je hier kunt verdienen zul je in de fysieke wereld niet krijgen .
Kijk bijvoorbeeld eens naar de leuke welkomstbonus en tel uit je winst – en niet alleen bij je inschrijving maak je kans om flink te incasseren .
En heb je even geen tijd om in te loggen ?
Laat dan de computer eens voor jou aan het Money Wheel draaien .
Je kunt al winnen tijdens je slaap !
Elke dag zijn er nieuwe acties om van te profiteren .
Wees geen dief van je eigen portemonnee en registreer je snel .
Viliv 's latest touchable objet d'gadget is the S10 Blade convertible tablet , a slim and sophisticated little thing that looks like it will elevate the company out of the ultraportable business and into the realm of things that take up a little bit more room in your messenger bag .
Chippy over at UMPCPortal was granted access to a pre-production unit and has delivered this exhaustive unboxing and hands - on video , featuring no less than two minutes of multitouch scribbling .
The device looks like it's a very good size , the form factor looks simple and solid and , with an MSRP starting at just $ 699 , we 're quite eager to see how it holds up in a full review .
All in good time , readers .
All in good time .
Editor 's Note :
The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York .
VBS.TV is the broadband television network of VICE .
The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process .
We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers .
Brooklyn , New York ( VBS.TV ) --
We had heard about a drug in Colombia that essentially eliminates free - will in humans .
It is called scopolamine and it seemed to us to be so completely out there -- like a plot device in an awful Jack Black movie .
In fact , it sounded so horrible and strange that we wanted to go down and try it out .
So the producers and I compiled a laundry list of embarrassing chores for me to complete while under the influence and , chuckling hysterically to ourselves , got on a plane and headed for Bogota , Colombia .
Once we landed in the Colombian capital , it took all of about 60 minutes to realize there was n't going to be any more laughing .
The fear that the mere mention of scopolamine struck in the locals was palpable and startling .
As we dug deeper into this drug 's story , following the evolution of the plant and its uses , we began to appreciate the gravity of ingesting it .
And we became fearful .
We heard harrowing tales from victims and perpetrators alike , sat with prostitutes who calmly explained administering the drug to unsuspecting johns , and visited the home of a man who confessed in chilling detail to murdering someone who had dosed him with the drug .
It was difficult to believe at times , but we spoke to countless law enforcement officials and medical professionals who verified all that we'd heard , and who also expressed their frustration and fear with what they saw as a growing problem .
See the rest of Colombian devil 's breath at VBS.TV
After a week of chasing this story across the city , we were rattled .
By the time we met up with our local contact , a dealer named Demencia , I had little to no interest in going through with the plan as conceived .
Still , he bought a gram of the drug , and when he returned to the car and began to open it , all the horror stories of the week came rushing at me .
It occurred to me we were sitting in a car full of expensive video equipment on the outskirts of Bogota with a known drug dealer we had just met , and in his possession was arguably the most dangerous drug in the world .
Fortunately for us , Demencia turned out to be a rather trustworthy drug dealer , and we made it out of Bogota unscathed , our mental faculties intact , the scopolamine dispatched safely into a nearby toilet .
We have not , however , been able to shake the stories we heard .
According to Frost & Sullivan , smartphones are expected to hit “ a purple patch ” in the Indian market , as consumers increasingly seek a single converged device to support multiple functionalities on the go .
Smartphones cater to both individual and enterprise users due to their consumer - and productivity - centric approaches .
Analysts claim that the application development community and mobile operating systems participants are the key enablers of smartphone ecosystem , wherein users prefer a single point of access and management of content .
In this scenario , product innovation and the application portfolio will be the primary market growth drivers .
" With Web 2.0 ( social networking , microblogging ) technologies gaining traction and the youth demographic keen on adopting smartphones , applications are expected to emerge as the key differentiating factor , " says Frost & Sullivan Senior Research Analyst Thejaswi Parameshwaran .
" Touch screen technologies and customized interfaces in terms of innovative product features will also propel the market ahead . "
With the urban markets having matured in terms of feature phone usage , numerous mobile users in this demographic are looking to upgrade to a smartphone .
This replacement market will be predominantly populated by the younger demographic , which are early adopters of technology and avid users of Web 2.0 technologies .
" The smartphone ecosystem is looking to build a distinct identity in the application community with handset manufacturers , service providers , and operating system developers having content portals that enable consumers to access a wide variety of applications , " notes Parameshwaran .
" However , over 70 percent of the population consumes only voice services , and data services have not yet gained traction , which can slow down the adoption rates of smartphones . "
To compound participants ’ issues , the existing data bandwidth is insufficient to support data - intensive applications .
They are hoping to remedy this issue and support smartphone - based applications by deploying high - speed 3G networks , as Frost & Sullivan claims .
According to the report , in a highly competitive market where handset manufacturers and service providers vie for subscribers , a comprehensive value proposition is likely to be the factor that will tip the scales .
Both these stakeholders will be aiming to lure consumers with an end - to - end service offering , significant investment in product R&D , and attractive revenue sharing agreements with content developers .
Meanwhile , with the emergence of open source operating systems , there is a paradigm shift toward a collaborative ecosystem , wherein participants leverage each other ’s expertise .
This has fostered an environment of strategic alliances that will help offer a one - stop shop for handsets , data plans , and the point of access for an application ecosystem .
" All participants of the ecosystem will have to collaborate to develop an end - to - end value proposition that will engage consumers and thereby , increase customer loyalty and satisfaction , " observes Parameshwaran .
Milwaukee Sewer Socialism
While early twentieth century politics were largely associated with the Progressive party , it was also the era of Socialism in Milwaukee .
Often referred to as " sewer socialism " for their back - to - basics strategy , Milwaukee Socialists sought to reform the legacy of the Industrial Revolution on the local level by cleaning up neighborhoods and factories with new sanitation systems , municipally - owned water and power systems , community parks , and improved education systems .
Progressivism and Socialism had different leaders and spoke different languages , but were , in many ways , remarkably similar in practice .
Socialists rejected the Progressive idea of government regulation of industry .
Instead , they sought to replace the capitalist system with a planned economy of state - owned industries that would protect workers from business monopolies .
Socialists believed that this change would be inevitable as the working class became increasingly oppressed by powerful businesses .
Although they believed in a type of class warfare , Socialists did not advocate a violent revolution as a means of achieving their goals .
Rather , Socialism was to come by ballots .
Until that time came though , Socialists supported measures to improve conditions for the working class and to achieve a more efficient administration of government .
The first formal manifestation of Socialism in Milwaukee came with the establishment of the Social - Democratic Party in 1897 .
After the violence and chaos of the eight - hour day campaign in 1886 , Milwaukee 's laboring classes had turned to political action .
A Labor or People 's Party ran candidates for governor and Congress in 1886 .
Labor candidates continued to run for city and state offices , and the Populist or People 's Party , under the leadership of labor leader Robert Schilling , gained much of its support from Milwaukee labor in 1892 and 1894 .
In 1897 , Milwaukee Socialists joined with labor to form a new political party , the Social - Democrats , and Milwaukee became the first Socialist city in the United States .
Just as Robert La Follette came to symbolize Progressivism in Wisconsin , Victor Berger became the symbol of Milwaukee Socialism .
An Austrian immigrant , Berger developed a program of political action that , while operating under the name of Socialism , was really a variety of moderate reform .
Berger organized the Socialists into a highly successful political organization by drawing on Milwaukee 's large German population and active labor movement .
For years , Berger published both a German and English newspaper , distributing free editions to all Milwaukee homes on the eve of elections .
Milwaukee Socialists played down social theory and , like the Progressives , emphasized the need for honest government , a popular appeal in a city long notorious for corruption and administrative inefficiency .
In 1910 , with three parties in the running , Socialists won major electoral victories in Milwaukee .
Emil Seidel became the nation 's first Socialist mayor .
The party also got most other city offices as well as a majority of seats on the city council and the county board .
Most significantly , Victor Berger went to Washington as the first Socialist Congressman .
Both Seidel and Berger lost in 1912 , but by 1916 , Milwaukee citizens had elected another Socialist mayor , Daniel Hoan .
Although the Socialists never again completely controlled city government as they had in 1910 , Hoan remained in office until 1940 and Socialists continued to exert a powerful influence in Milwaukee politics .
In 1918 , Berger again won a seat in Congress , but the House of Representatives refused to permit him to take his seat for violating the federal Espionage Act .
The previous year , Berger had supported the anti-war statement of the 1917 Socialist Convention in St. Louis , denouncing World War I as a vehicle of U.S. capitalism and imperialism .
The government had also suspended mailing privileges for his English - language newspaper , the Milwaukee Leader .
Wisconsin 's governor , Emanuel Philipp , called a special election to fill Berger 's seat in 1919 , but voters again elected Berger to Congress .
The House still refused to seat him .
Berger ran once again in 1920 but was defeated by Republican William Stafford .
Although he lost the 1920 election , Berger 's conviction was overturned and his mailing privileges were restored .
In 1922 , Berger ran for Congress and won .
This time , the House allowed Berger to take his seat and he served for three successive terms .
Milwaukee Socialism came to be increasingly a program of municipal reform under the leadership of Berger .
Although similar , Socialists and Progressives were suspicious of the other and managed to cooperate on only a few campaigns , including La Follette 's 1924 presidential campaign .
The Socialists wanted nothing to do with the Republican Party , the parent party of the Progressives , who they saw as weak on reform .
Milwaukee Socialists and La Follette Progressives both proved by example that an honest , efficient government could work on the state and local level .
Socialists got support from Milwaukee voters for their city - wide reform programs rather than for their allegiance to the tenants of international Socialism .
Many professional people supported a Socialist mayor because he helped give Milwaukee a reputation as the best - governed city in the United States .
[ Sources : The History of Wisconsin vol .
4 ( Madison : State Historical Society of Wisconsin ) ; Kasparek , Jon , Bobbie Malone and Erica Schock .
Wisconsin History Highlights : Delving into the Past ( Madison : Wisconsin Historical Society Press , 2004 ) ; Berger , Meta .
A Milwaukee Woman 's Life on the Left , ed. Kimberly Swanson .
( Madison , Wis. : State Historical Society of Wisconsin Press , 2001 ) ; Hamilton , Shane " A Victor Without Peace " American History 102 ( online at http://us.history.wisc.edu/hist102/bios/html/berger.html)]
Original Documents and Other Primary Sources
DOCTORS in Europe are calling for a government investigation into subliminal tobacco advertising on Ferrari's Formula
One cars , and the company 's $ 1 billion deal with Malboro cigarettes .
The red , white and black bar code emblazoned on Ferrari ’s racing cars and its drivers ’ overalls is designed to remind viewers of a packet of Marlboro cigarettes , it is claimed .
Under EU legislation it is an offence for a tobacco company to sponsor sporting events , The Times reports .
A spokesman for the European Public Health Commissioner said he thought that Marlboro ’s approach constituted potential subliminal marketing .
He urged the Spanish and British governments to ascertain whether the world ’s second - biggest tobacco company might be in breach of the law .
Formula
One teams are due to fly into Spain for the European leg of the season which begins in ten days ’ time .
The British Grand Prix is on July 11 .
The Ducati MotoGP team , which is also sponsored by Malboro , features the barcode logo on its motorbikes .
Read the rest of the story in The Times
Originally published as Ferrari accused of smokescreen
PLAINFIELD TOWNSHIP , Mich .
— An 82 - year - old woman who accidentally crashed her car through the front window of a southwest Michigan salon stuck around afterward for an appointment to get her hair done .
Authorities said Marion Zock was parking her Ford Fusion on Thursday outside Classic Hair Design in Kent County 's Plainfield Township , near Grand Rapids , when she stepped on the accelerator instead of the brake .
Two people were injured , including an employee who returned to work after treatment and a girl with a bruised arm .
Zock told WOOD - TV her foot slipped from the brake .
She 's a regular customer and says she was " so embarrassed . "
Stylist Kristi Dochod told WWMT - TV the crash sounded like an explosion .
The salon stayed open as the car was removed , and is open during repairs .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
POGO has updated its Federal Contractor Misconduct Database ( FCMD ) with a new top 100 ranking based on the fiscal year 2009 data of USAspending .
gov .
Here 's the good news : for 27 of the top 100 recipients of federal contract dollars , POGO did not find any instances of misconduct .
And an additional 11 contractors in the top 100 have only one known instance , showing that more than one - third of the companies in the database do not show a pattern of misconduct .
As POGO investigator Neil Gordon said in a statement , " The fact that over a quarter of the top 100 contractors have no known instances of misconduct is further evidence that we should not accept contractor misconduct as a cost of doing business . "
On the other hand , 63 contractors did have multiple instances of misconduct .
Once again Lockheed Martin tops the ranking with 50 instances of civil , criminal , or administrative misconduct since 1995 .
In FY 2009 , Lockheed Martin received almost $ 40 billion in federal contract awards .
POGO of course can only do so much to identify misconduct by government contractors .
Undisclosed settlement outcomes or financial settlements that are not public may escape our notice , and records for contractors based overseas can prove to be particularly elusive .
Interestingly , the list of newcomers to the top 100 includes several such contractors .
Italian defense and aeronautics giant Finmeccanica , S.p.A. made this year 's rankings , as did the Bahrain National Oil Company ( BANOCO ) , Dutch foodservice logistics provider Supreme Group Holding SARL , German construction and engineering firm Hochtief AG and Swiss pharmaceutical manufacturer Novartis AG .
These contractors , however , are not the first non-US firms to appear on the list .
The FCMD update follows the government 's launch of its own contractor responsibility database — the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System ( FAPIIS ) — which was based on POGO 's database and sadly will not be publicly accessible .
The top 100 contractors received over $ 296 billion in contracts in FY 2009 , accounting for 56 percent of the $ 524 billion in contracts the government awarded that year .
As of today , these 100 contractors have accumulated 642 misconduct instances and over $ 18.7 billion in monetary penalties since 1995 .
Counting previous years , the FCMD now includes information on 151 federal contractors and 1,049 resolved and pending misconduct instances .
Visit POGO 's Federal Contractor Misconduct Database here .
-- Bryan Rahija
Further Reading :
In reports of two new studies , researchers led by Johns Hopkins say they have identified the mechanisms rooted in two anatomical brain abnormalities that may explain the onset of schizophrenia and the reason symptoms do n't develop until young adulthood .
Both types of anatomical glitches are influenced by a gene known as DISC1 , whose mutant form was first identified in a Scottish family with a strong history of schizophrenia and related mental disorders .
The findings could lead to new ways to treat , prevent or modify the disorder or its symptoms .
In one of the studies , published in the March issue of Nature Neuroscience , researchers examined DISC1's role in forming connections between nerve cells .
Numerous studies have suggested that schizophrenia results from abnormal connectivity .
The fact that symptoms typically arise soon after adolescence , a time of massive reorganization of connections between nerve cells , supports this idea .
The scientists began their study by surveying rat nerve cells to see where DISC1 was most active .
Unsurprisingly , they found the highest DISC1 activity in connections between nerve cells .
To determine what DISC1 was doing in this location , the researchers used a technique called RNA interference to partially shut off DISC1 activity .
Consequently , they saw a transient increase and eventual reduction in size and number of dendritic spines , spikes on nerve cells ' branch - like extensions that receive input from other nerve cells .
To determine how DISC1 regulates dendritic spine formation , the researchers studied which brain proteins interact with the protein expressed by the DISC1 gene .
They identified one , called Kal - 7 , which earlier studies suggested is critical for proper dendritic spine formation .
Further experiments suggested that the DISC1 protein acts as temporary holding place for Kal - 7 , binding it until it can be released to trigger a molecular cascade that results in dendritic spine formation .
Study leader Akira Sawa , M.D. , Ph.D. , professor of psychiatry and director of the program in molecular psychiatry at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine , says it is becoming clear that having a defective DISC1 gene might lead to an abnormally small number and size of dendritic spines , which could lead nerve cells to maintain weaker connections with unusually low numbers of neighboring neurons .
Such abnormal connectivity has long been seen in autopsied brains from schizophrenia patients .
" Connections between neurons are constantly being made and broken throughout life , with a massive amount of broken connections , or ' pruning , ' happening in adolescence , " Sawa says .
" If this pruning does n't happen correctly , it may be one reason for the pathogenesis of schizophrenia , " he adds .
advertisement
In the second study , published in the Feb. 25 issue of Neuron , Sawa 's team generated a new animal model of schizophrenia by temporarily shutting off the DISC1 gene in mice in the prefrontal cortex , a brain area known to differ in schizophrenic people .
The new model allowed them to study other roles for DISC1 in the brain .
The researchers created their novel model by , again , using RNA interference .
They injected short pieces of the nucleic acid RNA engineered to shut off the DISC1 gene into cavities in the developing brains of mouse fetuses two weeks after conception .
Tests showed that these snippets of RNA migrated into cells in the prefrontal cortex , part of the brain located near the forehead .
This shutoff was temporary , with the gene 's function fully restored within three weeks , or about a couple of weeks after birth .
At various times after the gene was reactivated , the scientists examined the animals ' brains and behavior , looking for differences from normal mice .
Sawa 's team found that in the DISC1 shutoff group , nerve cells in the prefrontal cortex that produce dopamine , one of the chemical signals that nerve cells use to communicate , were markedly immature as the animals entered adolescence .
Furthermore , the animals showed signs of a deficit of interneurons , nerve cells that connect other neurons in neural pathways .
They also found several behavioral differences between these mice compared to normal mice as the animals entered adolescence .
For example , those in the shutoff group reacted more strongly to stimulants , displaying more locomotion than normal mice .
Interestingly , these effects were somewhat mitigated when the researchers gave the animals clozapine , a drug used to treat schizophrenia .
Taken together , Sawa says , results of both studies suggest that these anatomical differences , which seem to be influenced by the DISC1 gene , cause problems that start before birth but surface only in young adulthood .
" If we can learn more about the cascade of events that lead to these anatomical differences , we may eventually be able to alter the course of schizophrenia .
During adolescence , we may be able to intervene to prevent or lessen symptoms , " Sawa says .
Other Johns Hopkins researchers who participated in the Nature Neuroscience study include Akiko Hayashi - Takagi , Manabu Takaki , Saurav Seshadri , Yuichi Makino , Anupamaa J. Seshadri , Koko Ishizuka , Jay M. Baraban , and Atsushi Kamiya .
Other Johns Hopkins researchers who participated in the Neuron study include Minae Niwa , Atsushi Kamiya , Hanna Jaaro - Peled , Saurav Seshadri , Hideki Hiyama , and Beverly Huang .
One of the big disappointments of the year thus far has been the performance of Sauber .
The cars have been neither quick , nor reliable , and neither driver has done anything to write home about .
It is not surprising that while there are clearly problems with the cars , the drivers will be under scrutiny .
The latest speculation is that Pedro de la Rosa could be replaced by Venezuelan Pastor Maldonado or perhaps Luca Filippi .
It is not clear why this would be a good idea – unless the team needs cash – as neither man has much experience in F1 and teamed up with Kamui Kobayashi would not create a driver line - up with much technical understanding for F1 .
De la Rosa is a great test driver with years of experience at McLaren and that must have a value .
It is our understanding that neither de la Rosa nor Kobayashi paid for his drive .
The Japanese was signed on the basis that he showed amazingly well at the end of last year in two races with Toyota .
What is clear that he has not lived up to those strange performances .
If there was to be a replacement , therefore , it might be wiser to drop Kobayashi , although having said that Sauber may have been convinced of the value of the Kamui to attract sponsors in Japan – and no doubt F1 commercial boss Bernie Ecclestone would not have been opposed to keeping Japanese interest in the sport alive , after the departure of both Honda and Toyota and the impending disappearance of Bridgestone .
The key problem for Sauber however is not whether to replace drivers but rather to figure out how to make the cars travel more quickly .
This is vital as the team needs results to attract sponsorship in 2011 when support from BMW ( in whatever form that exists , be that spponsorship or loans ) will need to be replaced .
The arrival of James Key as technical director is thus important as it will provide the engineers with new leadership and perhaps some new ideas .
It is clear that the Swiss team really suffered after 2007 when a number of teams moved in on its aerodynamics department after the BMW F1.07 proved to be such a good car .
In quick succession the team lost senior aerodynamicist John Owen to Honda ( and he played a key role in Brawn ’s success in 2009 ) , Martin Bester to Williams and Dirk de Beer to Renault .
Key may be on the lookout for new aerodynamicists …
George W Bush set to admit mistakes for the first time as he reveals new details on 9/11 in memoir
Non-traditional :
The cover of former President Bush 's soon - to - be- published memoir , revealed for the first time
Let 's hope George Bush has a good editor .
During his presidency , Mr Bush was pulled up so often for his mangling of the English language that a new term was coined for his verbal gaffes – ‘ Bushisms . ’
Now he has put pen to paper for a new memoir to be published in November .
Although he has famously avoided acknowledging that he did anything wrong during his two terms in the White House , his publisher claims Mr Bush ‘ writes honestly and directly about his flaws and mistakes , as well as his historic achievements . ’
In ‘ Decision Points ’ , he focuses on his battle with alcohol as well as the drama of 9/11 and his two presidential election victories .
He is also expected to explain his thinking behind the decision to invade Iraq in 2003 .
The former president has kept out of the limelight since moving back to Texas from Washington fifteen months ago .
‘ Since leaving the Oval Office , President Bush has given virtually no interviews or public speeches about his presidency , ’ said Crown publishers today .
The ' Bushisms ' that WON'T appear in ' Decision Points '
‘ I think we agree , the past is over . '
‘ Will the highways on the internet become more few ? '
‘ I remember meeting a mother of a child who was abducted by the North Koreans right here in the Oval Office . ’
‘ One of the great things about books is sometimes there are some fantastic pictures . ’
‘ We ’re concerned about Aids inside our White House – make no mistake about it . ’
‘ I ’m honoured to shake the hand of a brave Iraqi citizen who had his hand cut off by Saddam Hussein . ’
‘ Instead , he has spent almost every day writing ‘ Decision Points ’ , a strikingly personal and candid account revealing how and why he made the defining decisions in his consequential presidency and personal life . ’
Mr Bush is said to have completed the first draft of the book , which will feature ‘ never - before - heard details ’ surrounding the September 11 attacks as well as his relationship with other members of his family .
‘ My goal is to bring the reader inside the Oval Office for the most consequential moments of my personal and political life , ’ Mr Bush said in a statement last year .
‘ I look forward to painting a vivid picture of the information I had , the principles I followed , and the decisions I made , ’ he added .
The 63 - year - old president was paid a £ 4 million advance for the book , about half of what his predecessor Bill Clinton received for his memoir , ‘ My Life . ’
0. Pre-lim .
Why are you reading this ?
( because your not lazy and want to run Gimp and Resynthesize pics on your own ; I hope )
This is short tutorial on how to remove crazy - complicated artifacts , trash pieces , etc from photos and all for free !
This technique was demoed as for inclusion in CS5 as a content - aware plugin that removed trees from the background , a piece of trash on the golf course , and removed a tree out of the sky .
Another picture shows a complete removal of a road going through a desert .
What content aware plug-ins do is completely re-synthesize the area that is selected for removal by using algorithms that hunt for near - by similar pixels .
This , also maybe used to fill in the gaps in panoramas of mountains , landscapes , where the edges of the photos do n't line up .
So now you know what this whole tutorial is about , and after you get through this , removing objects or re-creating areas of photos will be simple .
No more getting mad at the STAMPY TOOL !
Now , I should state that even though I 'm lucky enough to be able to use an 8 - core Mac Pro , this installation does n't really seem to use more then one - core .
I hope this is fixed in the future , but this seems to pertain to most computers right now ... so it 's not as quick as say CS5 will be running in a fully - utilized Mac OS X environment .
Let ’s get this thing started .
0.5 . Make sure you have X11 environment installed from Apple .
Be sure after downloading X11 , to run updates like mad .
( Apple Menu > Software Updates )
[ DOWNLOAD ] > X11
1. Install Gimp .
As of this writing I have version 2.6.8
[ DOWNLOAD ] >
The Gimp >
Which OS do you have ?
Mac OS X 10.6 , 10.5 , 10.4 direct downloads ]
2 . The Gimp should show up in Hard Drive >
Applications open it to see if you have everything installed right , if it does n’t work , run Software Update again until there is n’t anything X11 - related to update .
3 . Open the picture you want to edit into Gimp either by dragging it onto the Gimp icon in the dock or by going to File > Open .
I ’ve chosen this picture I took of an apocalyptic like situation , completely unedited .
reddit.com /r/atheism : even in times of end - of - times discontent , fun times can be had .
4 . Next choose the lasso selection tool and select the object you want to get rid of .
Here I ’ve chosen to get rid of a stick that divides my whole composition in half : “ Grr ” one might say in the pre-Gimp past , but keep in mind , this is the post gimp - a- limptic future .
5. Now Choose Filters > Map >
Resynthesize from the menus that appear in the same window as your picture .
Rendering and X11 with multiple Cores .
6 . Just push OK on the window that comes up , but if you want to compare settings , or whatever else , here is my setup .
Notice the Rendering Bar right below your image :
Notice how many cores are used in my octo-core Mac :
The Intel Core Duos ( with 2 cores ) would probably have only 1 core in use at one time as well .
Hopefully this will be fixed either by future Gimp versions or by Apple ’s X11 environment .
When working on the full size image which is about 5 k x 3 k pixels , the mac 8 - core struggled a little more , taking about a minute to render on a single core .
Granted , for making things quick , you can resize to a quarter the size .
That brings time down to about 10 seconds and better for playing around with this plug -in .
7 . Now that you ’ve done all the dirty work , you should have a very clean picture .
Lasso , Resynth , Repeat as needed .
See !!
No more stick !
“ WHOchA GOOD boy ! ”
Thanks for reading .
Three statistics :
Overall Gross Domestic Product of the United States : $ 14.2 trillion ( 2008 figure ) .
Size of the Budget of the United States Government : $ 3.5 trillion ( 2009 figure ) .
Expected Federal Budget Deficit in 2010 : $ 1.5 trillion ( Congressional Budget Office estimate ) .
In percentage terms , the federal budget is about 25 % of the GDP of the United States , and the projected 2010 federal deficit is about 10 % of the GDP .
Given the United States population of about 307 million , that amounts to about $ 46,000 per person GDP ; $ 11,400 per person in federal spending ; and $ 4,900 per person added to the federal debt .
This is a libertarian - leaning blog , so most of the bloggers here ( myself included ) think that the federal government is much too big , and the federal deficit is a major national problem .
But I realize our readers are a very politically diverse group , and some will disagree .
I ’d like to ask those who disagree a question :
In your view , what ’s the right size of the federal budget , and the federal deficit , in terms of proportion of the overall Gross Domestic Product of the United States ?
If a federal budget that is 25 % of GDP is too low , what is about right ?
( Also , please note that I ’m just asking about the size of the government , not the many possibly related issues such as whose fault it is , past budgetary decisions you agree or disagree with , etc. )
UPDATE : If you feel that you need to break down the budget into specific categories of spending to have the overall answer make sense , please feel free to do that .
Because every business is different , Square has a variety of POS options to help you take yours where you want it to go .
Whether you run a restaurant , sell retail goods , book appointments , or just need a versatile POS for whatever comes next , we have the point - of - sale software that will best support you and your unique business needs .
Rush Limbaugh wants $ 14 million for his NYC penthouse
A bedroom inside Rush Limbaugh 's Fifth Avenue penthouse .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh is saying adios to the Big Apple and selling his Fifth Avenue penthouse , asking almost $ 14 million .
Limbaugh bought the 10 - room condo at 1049 Fifth Ave. in 1994 under the name of R H Trust , according to city property documents .
The pad sprawls across nearly 5,000 square feet and two of its terraces overlook Central Park and its famous reservoir .
The pre-war property features a double living room ; a wood - paneled library ; four terraces ; enormous baths ; and a maid 's room .
But it 's not for the faint of heart -- or those afraid of a big renovation .
The general appearance can be described as , well , ornate , with trompe l'oeil ceilings and mural - covered walls .
Other lavish features include gold leaf moldings , mahogany floors , upholstered walls and an Italian marble foyer .
Luxury broker Corcoran Group is listing the property , but the firm chose not to release photos or confirm the celebrity resident .
Limbaugh was not available for comment .
So what 's all that worth ?
Limbaugh hopes to get $ 13.95 million for his home .
For the tax rolls , the city values the property at $ 1.56 million and says property would rent for more than $ 26,000 per month .
Limbaugh , host of " The Rush Limbaugh Show , " has been a major voice in the conservative media arena for decades .
In 2009 , the pundit said he would sell his property after New York governor David Paterson proposed a so - called " millionaire 's tax " on residents who make more than $ 500,000 a year .
As Democrats move ever closer to the magic number of 216 , it 's unsurprising that the language used to describe the debate has lifted itself out of the depths of mere politics and vaulted into the realm of virtue .
Courage is the most essential value .
Who is the Antigone -- who built the " dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear , " as Martin Luther King put it .
For whom has this fight been easy ?
For whom has it been hard ?
Whatever you believe about health care reform , it 's hard to escape the conclusion that for one party , opposing reform was expedient , and for another , supporting it required the summoning of an uncommon degree of bravery and a resistance to every base political instinct .
( There are plenty of Democrats who held out because they wanted something else and knew they could get it .
They 're not very courageous .
It 's easy to spot the difference . )
Why has Barack Obama risked his presidency for this crusade ?
Why has he spent more time on this domestic issue than any other president has spent on any other issue in recent memory ?
Why has he done so despite the manifest public unpopular of the case ?
The answer opponents will give is some variant of Obama 's conviction that he must impose his solution on America no matter the cost , even to him ; that his actions are part of a larger crusade ; that he cannot legitimize government as an active force for good without government taking over the health care system .
( Chicago politics , socialism , Saul Alinsky . )
But this argument does n't track with an argument that opponents have been desperate to make : that health care is not popular now and wo n't be popular in time to reward Democrats .
Win or lose , Obama has pursued health care reform as tenaciously as any president has pursued any domestic initiative in decades .
Health care has now been his presidency 's central domestic focus for a full year .
That 's about as long as it took to pass the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , originally introduced by John F. Kennedy and driven home by Lyndon Johnson .
Rarely since World War II has a president devoted so much time , at so much political cost , to shouldering a single priority through Congress .
It 's reasonable to debate whether Obama should have invested so heavily in health care .
But it 's difficult to quibble with Emanuel 's assessment that once the president placed that bet , " He has shown fortitude , stamina , and strength . "
It is .
All the more so if you oppose the legislation , if you think it will break the parts of the health care system that work , if you think it will bankrupt the country down the road .
You ought to be mighty frustrated by Obama 's courage , blind as you believe it might be .
But do n't ever , ever call the guy a wimp .
In this vein : I 'd make the case that Harry Reid is extremely courageous .
He may well lose his Senate seat because he labored to find 60 votes in the Senate for an unpopular health care bill .
Ronald Brownstein makes it clear that he believes Obama exemplifies the virtue :
And it fortifies , indirectly , the argument that Obama is uniquely courageous : his stubborness in the face of public opinion , in the face of advisers who begged him to move on , in the face of a revolt from his base , is based upon his own conviction that what he 's doing is the right thing to do , primarily , and upon electoral politics secondarily .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Advertisements
Paul Krugman was on ABC’s This Week this morning , where he pulled no punches when discussing the GOP ’s argument against Wall St. reform .
He called Mitch McConnell ’s argument against financial reform as , “ the most dishonest argument ever made in the history of politics , which is the claim that having regulation of the banks is actually bailing out the banks . ”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Krugman said , “ Let me say a couple of things here .
Anyone who says we need to be bipartisan should bear in mind that for the last several weeks , Mitch McConnell , the Senate minority leader , has been trying to stop reform with possibly the most dishonest argument ever made in the history of politics , which is the claim that having regulation of the banks is actually bailing out the banks .
And basically , the argument boils down to saying that what we really need to do to deal with fires is abolish the fire department .
Because then people will know that they ca n’t let their buildings burn in the first place , right ?
It ’s incredible . ”
He continued , “ So anyone who says bipartisan , should say , you know , bipartisan does n’t include the Senate minority leader .
But , you know , I agree with George , actually , believe it or not .
Too big to fail per se is not the problem .
The Great Depression was made possible by the failure of the Bank of the United States , which despite its name , was a Bronx - based institution that was the 28th largest financial institution in the United States at the time , and yet brought the whole system down . ”
Krugman hit the nail on the head , because this really is n’t about financial reform .
Polling data reveals that Americans are strongly in favor of more regulations for the financial sector , but what the American people may want does n’t matter to the Republican Party .
The GOP is still on their mission to say no to everything in order to grind the Obama presidency to halt , so that they can regain power first in 2010 , but also they are dreaming of 2012 .
The Republicans are oblivious to the notion that their Party of No stance on everything is killing their image with voters .
It would be a mistake though to portray only the GOP as beholden to corporate masters .
One of the legacies of President Clinton is that he re-shaped the Democratic Party , so that it is now a friend of Wall Street too .
This is the main reason why the proposed financial reform bill is so weak , and has holes that are big enough to drive a truck through .
Still the Democratic reform proposal is better than the Republican alternative , which is to do nothing at all .
Dr. David Ray Griffin appeared on The Tuesday Morning After show on CKUT 90.3 FM on April 20 , 2010 , at 7:20 am ( EST ) .
CKUT FM is the student radio station of McGill University in Montreal .
Nearly 27,000 students go to McGill University .
Dr. Griffin will be presenting his new lecture in Montreal at UQAM on May 3rd ( gen. admission $ 10 , students $ 5 — visit Admission.com for tickets ) .
Richard Gage , AIA , founder of Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth ( AE911 Truth ) will also be speaking in Montreal that evening .
Mr. Gage will appear on this radio show on Apr. 27 @ 7:20 am ( EST ) .
Interview with Dr. David Ray Griffin
Part 1/2 :
Link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m--imR0FVGk
PART 2/2 :
Link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Alm4igZCgyQ
For a complete schedule or Dr. David Ray Griffin's new April / May tour , click here .
A pipelined , non-blocking , extensible web server in under 1400 lines of Scala
Web servers are easy to write , but hard to get right .
Before I became a professor , I ended up writing a few web servers to circumvent scaling issues with Apache and PHP .
I say " a few " because the first two I wrote were so awful that they had to be scrapped .
I had a chat with Greg Morrisett a few summers ago about what a " correct " ( or " secure " ) web server should do , and it did n't take long to realize that even defining correct is a challenge .
As just one ( important ) example , a correct web server can't use blocking I /O , ever .
If you make a blocking call , you 've created a denial - of - service vulnerability .
Writing a web server that uses blocking I /O calls is n't hard .
But you can't take a web server with blocking I/O and then drop in non-blocking I/O ; it requires a fundamentally more complex design .
In my research , I claim that constructs like coroutines make it easier to design systems software ( like web servers ) , that they expose parallelism and that their inefficiencies can be optimized away by a compiler .
Ironically , while I 've implemented the coroutine optimizers , I 'd never actually built a system out of coroutines .
Last night , I decided to test the coroutines - make - it - easier hypothesis by writing a web server that uses non-blocking I /O .
( This also gives me a benchmark on which to test my optimizations . )
This informal experiment lends some credibility to my claim , since I was actually able to build a reasonable web server in just one night , and the architecture is still extensible and clean .
I do n't feel the need to rewrite it .
Read on for the details and the code .
From 12 am to 4:30 am WNYC's AM 820 transmitter will be shutdown for necessary repair .
You can continue listening to AM 820 right here on our WNYC - AM stream .
Sir Terry Pratchett revealed he had early - onset Alzheimer 's in 2007 Sir Terry Pratchett says he is ready to be a test case for assisted suicide " tribunals " which could give people legal permission to end their lives .
The author , who has Alzheimer 's , says he wants a tribunal set up to help those with incurable diseases end their lives with help from doctors .
A poll for BBC One 's Panorama suggests most people support assisted suicide for someone who is terminally ill .
Sir Terry set out his ideas in Monday 's annual Richard Dimbleby lecture .
' God 's waiting room '
In the keynote lecture , Shaking Hands With Death , the best - selling author said the " time is really coming " for assisted death to be legalised .
We should look to the medical profession that has helped us to live healthier lives to help us die peacefully among our loved ones
Sir Terry Pratchett
Should assisted suicide be legal ?
His comments follow the acquittal last week of Kay Gilderdale , of Stonegate , East Sussex , who was cleared of attempted murder after helping her daughter , Lynn , to kill herself .
Ms Gilderdale admitted aiding and abetting her 31 - year - old daughter , who had been battling chronic fatigue syndrome ME for years , to take her own life and was given a 12 - month conditional discharge .
Lynn Gilderdale , who had been left paralysed and unable to swallow , was found dead at their home on 4 December 2008 .
Sir Terry wants to see measures put in place to ensure that anyone seeking to commit suicide was of sound mind and not being influenced by others .
" At the moment if someone assists someone else to commit suicide in this country or elsewhere they become suspect to murder until the police decide otherwise , " he told the BBC .
" I think it would be rather better if a person wishes to die , they could go see the tribunal with friends and relatives and present their case - at least if it happens , it happens with , as it were , authority . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A legal expert in family affairs and a doctor familiar with long - term illness would also be part of his proposed " non-aggressive " tribunals .
" It seems sensible to me that we should look to the medical profession , that over the centuries has helped us to live longer and healthier lives , to help us die peacefully among our loved ones in our own home without a long stay in God 's waiting room , " Sir Terry said .
More than 1,000 people were surveyed for the poll carried out for Panorama .
It found that 73 % of those asked believed that friends or relatives should be able to assist in the suicide of a loved one who is terminally ill .
While there was clear support for assisted suicide for someone who was terminally ill , if - as in the case of Ms Gilderdale 's daughter - the illness was not terminal , support for assisted suicide fell to 48 % .
Responding to the Panorama poll , Director of Care Not Killing , Dr Peter Saunders , said : " To argue that if you are terminally ill you deserve less protection from the law than do the rest of us is highly discriminatory as well as dangerous .
" Many cases of abuse involving elderly , sick and disabled people occur in the context of so - called ' loving families ' and the blanket prohibition of intentional killing or assisting suicide is there to ensure that vulnerable people are not put at risk . "
' At peace ' Baroness Finlay , an independent peer who is a professor of palliative medicine , told BBC Radio 4's Today it was " hardly surprising " the Panorama poll had found public support for assisted suicide because " opinion polls reflect the way something is presented in the media " .
ASSISTED SUICIDE LAWS
The 1961 Suicide
Act makes it an offence to aid , abet , counsel or procure a suicide or a suicide attempt in England and Wales Anyone doing so could potentially face 14 years in prison Law Lords recently issued new guidelines to clarify this law , spelling out the range of factors that will be taken into account when deciding on cases
The law is almost identical in Northern Ireland
There is no specific law on assisted suicide in Scotland , although someone could be prosecuted under homicide legislation
She said licensing assisted suicide would be a " very dangerous step " because it would remove protection and " suck all sorts of people in " .
" Look at what happened in other countries , for instance in Oregon - the number of assisted suicides has gone up fourfold - if that is translated to Britain , we are not talking about a small number , we are talking about a thousand a year , " she said .
Baroness Finlay said people had good days and bad days and changed their mind about assisted suicide .
" If you give someone a licence at one point of time , you do n't know what will happen after that , there is scope for all kinds of things to happen , like coercion , " she said .
If the UK " ever went down that road " it was important legislation fell under the Ministry of Justice , not the Department of Health , " she added .
" The difficulty is , if healthcare is part of it , you are actually getting doctors to take shortcuts in care , and with financial measures that 's going to mount . "
Lynn Gilderdale was bed - ridden by the age of 15 and was admitted to hospital more than 50 times with a succession of serious illnesses over the next 16 years .
Her mother told Panorama : " I know I did the right thing for Lynn .
She 's free and at peace where she needed to be .
Whatever the consequences , I would do it again . "
The survey was carried out earlier this month and the figures are broadly in line with previous surveys .
Last year , the director of public prosecutions issued guidelines on when assisted suicide cases should be taken to court .
But campaigners have said there still needs to be more clarity in the law .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Being young and looking for a job in the United States is hard .
But it could be worse .
You could be Spanish , where the youth unemployment rate is 40 % .
That 's right .
Forty .
Percent .
Or if you 're more worried about your generation 's comparative unemployment , thank your lucky stars you 're not living in Scandinavia , especially Sweden where the youth joblessness is quadruple the rate among those older than 25 .
( These surveys should come with a grain of salt on the side , because different countries ' ways of measuring and determining unemployment can help to skew international comparisons . )
Source : Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
But once again , things could be much worse .
You could be young and in Spain or Sweden , where youth joblessness is expected to surpass 40 % and 30 % , respectively , in the next year .
If you 're wondering why this matters , read Don Peck 's Atlantic article about the long - term implications of joblessness on young generations .
It 's not just the lasting dampening of wages , it 's also the various psychological effects of protracted post - graduate years spent idle , angry and frustrated .
The OECD projects youth unemployment to stay above 15 % for the next two years in the United States , while the Congressional Budget Office expects overall joblessness to fall to about 8 % .
That would keep the above ratio steady for the next 20 months or so .
But once again , things could be much worse .
You could be young and in Spain or Sweden , where youth joblessness is expected to surpass 40 % and 30 % , respectively , in the next year .
Recently : Doug Casey on Unemployment
L : Doug , a hot topic of conversation this week is the man who flew his airplane into the IRS building in Austin , Texas .
What do you make of it ?
Is the guy a hero for the downtrodden taxpayer ?
Or a terrorist ?
Or just some lone lunatic ?
Doug : First , I ’d say we have to define what terrorism is .
The generally accepted definition being that it ’s the use of violence to create fear in a society in order to induce political change .
I do n’t think that ’s the case here .
So I ’d say this was just an angry man , acting as an individual , attacking those he saw as destroying his life .
The fact of the matter is that it was an act of revenge , not terror .
But according to the FBI , terrorism is the unlawful use of force or violence against persons or property , meant to intimidate or coerce a government or the civilian population as a means for achieving political or social goals .
It ’s to their advantage to see this as an act of domestic terrorism .
It makes their jobs seem important and will result in more personnel to fill their gigantic new Homeland Security complex in DC , and more funding to look into Americans ’ comings , goings , and thoughts .
L : Heh — so if it ’s lawful use of force to intimidate the population , it ’s not terrorism .
Doug :
Of course ; that ’s a key word , completely unnecessary to the real definition of the word , and one that opens a real Pandora ’s Box .
From Big Brother ’s point of view , it ’s always " do as we say , not as we do . "
Based on the FBI definition , state terrorism apparently is n’t terrorism , because it ’s lawful .
L : Okay , so , given that the explanation the guy left behind goes beyond simply saying " I ’ve had enough " to stating that violence is now the only solution , and calling for revolution , I guess that makes him a terrorist , by the FBI ’s definition .
Doug :
Well , I suppose .
His call to violence seemed like an afterthought to me .
In reality he ’s just calling for the righting of egregious wrongs .
However , it ’s getting to the point in the U.S. that you have to be careful about even complaining , or you might be put on some kind of " watch list . "
You actually better be careful about what you say , and how , and to whom .
The walls have ears , as the Soviets , among others , used to say .
The Freedom Outlaw&rsq ...
Wolfe , Claire Best Price : $ 14.10 Buy New $ 57.50 ( as of 03:45 EST - Details )
The media has downplayed his letter as a " rant " or a " screed " penned by a lunatic , partially to be self - righteous and partially to discourage others from reading it and thinking about it .
But it ’s actually worth reading and thinking about .
It ’s not that often you get to read a suicide note written by what appeared to be quite an intelligent guy .
His letter is a little disjointed , agitated , and a bit ungrammatical at times — after all , it is a suicide note — but it ’s not at all irrational .
And I suspect he put his finger on what is probably going on in the minds of a fair percentage of the population .
You know the old saw people once used , but do n’t anymore , as it ’s become politically incorrect ?
Three guys are doing the same thing , and one says , " I ’m a freedom fighter .
You ’re a rebel .
He ’s a terrorist . ’"
So , bandying these terms around makes conversation difficult .
The FBI ’s definition is self - serving and , in this case , serves — perhaps not accidentally — to obscure the truth of the matter .
L : It was always darkly humorous to me that in the Reagan years , the same people the lawfully constituted government of Nicaragua called rebel guerillas , the U.S. called freedom fighters — and yet the U.S. helped Saddam Hussein put down rebellion when he was an ally .
Not that I cared for the socialist government of Nicaragua .
The point is that if " we " like them , their opponents are terrorists , and if " we " do n’t like them , their opponents are freedom fighters .
It ’s so hypocritical .
Doug :
It ’s perverse enough to be black comedy .
I think this needs to be looked at from a personal point of view .
Here was a man who was apparently just going about his business .
He quite justifiably resented the government taking forty - plus percent of everything he produced .
And worse than that , they were making it hard for him even to produce .
They made his life miserable .
He spent much of his time and money trying to fight within the system and got nowhere .
Perhaps that was foolish of him , perhaps he should have just rolled over on his back and wet himself … just done what he was told and paid what he was told to .
It ’s the New American Way .
On a moral plane , I think it ’s important to remember that groups of people can have no rights that the individuals who compose the group do n’t have .
In other words , if an individual does not have a right to do something himself , then neither can he delegate that right to a politician , policeman , nor some other authority .
If it ’s not his to give , he ca n’t give it .
If I do n’t have the right to take money by force from my neighbor , I do n’t gain that right by teaming up with others .
A bunch of people voting for it does n’t make it any more right .
Suppose , for instance , a neighborhood voted to hire a motorcycle gang to defend it and " authorized " that gang to levy taxes by force , including on residents who did n’t want to go along with the plan .
Most people would say that ’s wrong .
But somehow , if the government does exactly the same thing , people see it as okay .
There ’s no difference in this instance , morally , between the motorcycle gang and the government .
Of course , this calls to question the legitimacy of the state itself , as an institution .
L : Indeed .
And I ’d like to talk to you about your anarchist tendencies , but that ’s a long topic , perhaps for another day .
Doug : Okay , but one other thing I ’d like to point out about this incident .
It ’s a clear sign of the direction in which warfare is going — we talked about this very sort of thing in our conversation on the military .
Warfare is becoming what you might call " open source . "
You no longer have to get an army together , teach them how to spit - shine boots , and attack another army .
We ’re approaching the end of direct conflict between standing armies .
This trend has its roots at least as far back as the American Revolution , during which the British were outraged that the Americans would n’t stand and fight .
They ’d take potshots from behind trees and then run .
They even shot officers — officers ! — from hidden positions .
Most ungentlemanly .
Molon Labe ! Kenneth W. Royce Best Price : $ 8.90 Buy New $ 59.99 ( as of 09:45 EST - Details )
Today fighters no longer need the aegis of a government .
Instead , they organize loosely , for ideological or other reasons , and strive to sting with maximum effect , while presenting the smallest , least useful target for retaliation .
They realize that with $ 100 they can cause a million dollars of damage .
Wars are won on economics , in the long run .
It is , for instance , quite stupid of the U.S. government to think that it can quash Al Qaida or the Taliban the way the Spanish took over the Aztec and Inca empires — by grabbing the guys at the top .
There is no head to strike off .
To head off flaring tempers and angry letters , let me make it very clear I am not defending these groups .
I ’m very much opposed to them .
If either the Taliban or Al Qaida came to power where I live , no doubt I ’d be among the first they ’d want in front of the firing squad .
But quashing individuals in such loosely organized groups , no matter how important they might be , does n’t quash the reasons why such groups exist .
It ’s like whacking a hornet ’s nest .
Once you whack one , you do n’t have just one hornet ’s nest to deal with — now you have hundreds of completely unrelated hornets to deal with , all attacking you , because each sees you as his enemy .
L : It occurs to me … the U.S. Army has , or had —
I ’m not sure if it ’s current — a slogan : " An army of one . "
The idea was that each U.S. soldier ’s training would make him or her so capable of individual devastation , each one counted as an entire army .
Doug : I remember that .
L : Well , I wonder if it ’s dawned on any of these geniuses in the Pentagon that the same is true — much more true — for their opponents …
Doug : [ Laughs ]
L : This incident in Austin is an example .
This individual man decided to strike out at the U.S. government .
Whether you approve or not , you have to admit that he created quite a stir , especially for a simple impromptu action .
He made an army of one of himself — and since one individual can keep a secret , that sort of army is all but unstoppable .
Doug :
And it ’s the way things are evolving all over the world .
In previous times , you needed to organize a bunch of people to do serious damage .
But with today ’s — and especially tomorrow ’s — technology , the individual is increasingly empowered .
Let ’s look at the big picture .
This guy , Stack , was just one individual ; but at this stage in the deepening crisis , there are a lot of people in similar circumstances .
Millions of Americans have lived on maxed - out credit cards for years , and more than six million have lost their jobs since the current bout of crisis started .
These people were already on the ragged edge .
And the single largest expense in everyone ’s life is the government .
At least that ’s true for productive people .
In my own case , it costs me far more to support the U.S. government — which does absolutely no good for me whatsoever — than all the rest of my living expenses combined .
Patriots : A Novel of S... Rawles , James Wesley Best Price : $ 1.10 Buy New $ 1.99 ( as of 03:05 EST - Details )
L : Hm .
Let ’s see …
My earnings are far more modest than yours , and I pay about three times more in taxes than on housing — and that includes two houses .
I had n’t thought of it , but I ca n’t imagine that food , utilities , and other bills would even match my housing expenses .
So I guess that the direct cash cost of the U.S. government is also much more than all my other living expenses combined .
And that ’s not even counting the cost of regulation , indirect taxation through inflation of the money supply , etc. , etc .
Doug : I think there are millions of people out there like you , in that regard .
But unlike you , most of them are also deeply in debt .
A large number of them are close to the edge — and many could easily go over it , like this guy in Texas .
There ’s a rage out there , largely incoherent but real and powerful , and some are starting to strike out against this grasping octopus of a government that ’s reaching its slimy tentacles into every aspect of their lives .
It could be that we are reaching a critical mass of such people , the so - called " 100th Monkey Effect . "
L : It ’s a question of how much of an anomaly this guy really is .
I know that in the pro-gun community in the U.S. , many people feel that the U.S. government lost any shred of moral legitimacy as a result of the Waco massacre .
And some have wondered why people who are , by definition , armed and trained in the use of weapons , have not dropped the hammer on the government thugs that come to take their guns ( in blatant violation of the Constitution and the human right of self defense ) .
I suspect that the gilded cage most Americans live in has just been too comfortable for them to toss everything and turn violent .
But that may be changing now , with more and more people being pushed over your ragged edge .
Clearly , a guy who flies an airplane into a building , as in this Austin case , thinks he has nothing to lose .
If a lot of people who think they have nothing to lose are pushed beyond the edge , things could get pretty ugly in the U.S. very quickly .
Doug : Entirely possible .
People forget that this type of thing has gone on in many countries , across history .
As bad as the Greater Depression promises to be , anything is possible in the U.S. Americans do n’t expect anything … weird … only because they ’ve been uniquely blessed so far .
It ’s too early to say whether this act will spark other similar actions , but there ’s already another story of a man who decided he ’d had enough and was n’t going to stand by while a bank seized his home .
So he bulldozed it , while it was legally still his .
L : I heard about that .
Apparently the guy even found a source to pay off what was owed , but the bank refused because the man owed less than half of what the house was worth , so they could get more by foreclosing and selling the house .
Doug :
You know , when individuals start taking actions like this , it can change things .
An army of one can sting , but what happens when you have 100,000 armies of one ?
Or a couple million ?
Just think of what would have happened back before WWII in Germany if each one of the millions of Jews and Gypsies and others the Nazis rounded up had fought back .
The death camps were made possible by people who , although they had the capacity to act like wolves , acted like sheep .
I ’m not saying things will go that way in the U.S.
But I do think there ’s increasing resentment on the part of the average citizen against those who work for " The Man . "
L : It comes back to hope .
As long as people have a shred of hope that things might get better , or at least that they themselves might survive , most wo n’t embrace violence , because that sets you irrevocably on a path that can very easily get you killed .
Rage [ VHS ] Best Price : $ 9.64 Buy New null ( as of 10:50 EST - Details )
Doug :
Although it ’s true that nobody gets out of here alive , it ’s natural to want to delay the eventuality as long as possible .
But when you push a person far enough , he does n’t care anymore — as recent events have shown .
L : That ’s pretty scary , Doug .
Given how few Americans have savings — or even a work ethic — and given what we ’ve been saying in this conversation , a protracted economic crisis seems like a recipe for violence in the U.S.
What happens to a people who think that the Good Life is winning a lottery or suing McDonald ’s for millions of dollars , when their jobs go away and do n’t come back ?
And if , on top of that , the cost of government goes way up , to pay for all the so - called stimulus programs and social spending the government has on tap …
Well , a lot of rage seems inevitable .
Doug :
We did n’t talk about this in our conversation on movies , but there was a movie made about 25 years ago , starring George C. Scott , called Rage .
In it , the government killed the hero ’s herd of animals in some sort of nerve gas experiment gone wrong .
The hero decides to take the fight , as an individual , to the army base that did the test .
The interesting question is : at what point do such actions reach a critical mass that renders a society non-viable ?
Although the average person does n’t seem to have a clue what really caused this crisis , he deeply resents the bailouts and the worthless corporate " suits " who continue reaping multi-million - dollar bonuses .
The system is rapidly losing legitimacy .
What little is left of the free market will be blamed for what was caused by government intervention .
That in mind , it ’s worth noting that the government ’s response to the current crisis has been to do more of the exact same things that caused the crisis .
These buffoons are not just doing the wrong thing ; they ’re doing exactly the opposite of the right thing .
Too much debt sent the economy into a tailspin , so the government throws more debt at it .
They are printing more and more dollars , which is going to result in widespread capital destruction .
And they are hiring swarms of bureaucrats to gum up everyone ’s lives — while paying them about 60 % more , on average , than people make in the private sector .
L : And it just piles on — like in a Rugby game .
Speaking of movies , there was a movie made back in the early ’90s , called Falling Down .
Doug : With Michael Douglas — I saw that .
L : The protagonist is just some unemployed guy who gets pushed over the edge and " goes postal . "
But what you ’re saying is that there ’s a pattern here , and that even though the actions are individual , a large wave of them is … predictable ?
Inevitable ?
You ’re talking about blood in the streets , Doug — is that really where you think things are headed ?
Doug : I ’m sorry to say it , but I find myself coming to the conclusion that we may well be reaching such a point .
I do n’t see any way out , not without a lot of pain and turmoil , at this point .
L : That brings us to the concept of unintended consequences .
Not least because the Austin case seems related to incidents in the book by John Ross by that name .
Falling Down Best Price : $ 1.16 Buy New $ 7.95 ( as of 10:40 EST - Details )
Doug : Governments are constantly passing laws with certain stated objectives ; the real objective , however , is to further the interests of the politicians behind them .
Sometimes the stated objectives are met , sometimes not , but there are always unintended consequences , and they are usually unwelcome .
In the case of the government meddling with the economy , including an increasingly rapacious tax code , the unintended consequences can include a violent backlash , like this one .
We ’re talking mostly about the U.S. here , but the problem is not limited to the U.S. , by any means .
In his book , John Ross explains how one thing can lead to another , and unintended consequences can get totally out of control — even to the point of revolution .
Ross could n’t get the book published — it was considered too much of a political hot potato .
So he self - published , and it ’s sold something like 75,000 copies in hardback , by word of mouth .
That ’s an incredibly large number , especially for a novel .
And that tells us something about what a lot of people feel .
L : One of the connections between that book — written in the mid-’90s — and the Austin case is that Stack takes a pot - shot at the FAA in his note .
Coincidentally , it ’s excessive and abusive action by the FAA — an agency most Americans barely even know exists — that ’s one of the sparks of revolution in the novel .
The Black Arrow : A Tal ...
Suprynowicz , Vin Best Price : $ 1.98 Buy New $ 19.01 ( as of 12:15 EST - Details )
Doug :
The book was worth reading before and is all the more worth picking up now .
And there ’s another book that deals with this theme , by my friend Boston T. Party , a well - known gun-guru .
It ’s called Molon Labe , after what the Spartans told the Persians at Thermopylae .
When the Persians demanded their arms , the Spartans responded : " Come and take them . "
What ’s particularly pertinent in that book is that individuals pushed too far by the government fight back — not to start a revolution , but as individuals responding to individual thugs , who just happen to work for the government .
I hate to say it , and I ’m not encouraging it , but the truth is that it ’s entirely possible that this could happen , even in the United States .
Another work of fiction that deals with this is , of course , V for Vendetta , which we spoke of in our conversation on movies .
Incidentally , at about the time when that movie was supposed to be released in England , there was apparently an act of terrorism , and they decided to delay the release of the film .
L : Another novel along these lines is Vin Suprynowicz ’s The Black Arrow .
Have you read it ?
Doug :
No , but I know Vin is a solid libertarian thinker .
L : So , government action may have unintended consequences .
But even though they ’re unintended , we ca n’t say the consequences are unimaginable , or even unpredictable , since all of these authors clearly saw the possibilities for the sort of thing that this Austin event might lead to .
Doug :
As angry individuals lash out , feeling a kind of inchoate rage , it ’s entirely predictable that an increasing number of those targets are going to be in government .
Back in the early ’ 80s , when there was a serious tax revolt brewing , before the Reagan reforms , I was told a first - hand story about a guy who , when confronted by a threatening IRS agent , collared him and took his driver ’s license .
He looked at the address , then grabbed a tomahawk he happened to have , smashed it into his desk , and said : " Pal , it ’s you and me .
It ’s not me and the government .
I expect you to go away , or you ’ll have to deal with me in a very personal manner . "
Of course the agent could have reported the incident , but he figured it would be wiser to just close the case and go on to the next guy .
Who needs the risk ?
Molon Labe ! Kenneth W. Royce Best Price : $ 8.90 Buy New $ 59.99 ( as of 09:45 EST - Details )
L : That is very much the theme of books such as we ’ve been talking about , especially Unintended Consequences , in which taxation and regulation become very difficult for the government to enforce , because individuals who ’ve been pushed too far start fighting back .
Once the badge and the uniform stop intimidating everyone into compliance , and especially once uniformed thugs face personal , physical danger , being a thug stops being much fun anymore .
Doug :
And very few of the people who wind up taking radical measures will actually be radicals , as they generally were in the ’60s .
Most will have no philosophical or theoretical basis for their actions ; they wo n’t think of themselves as revolutionaries .
But a lot of these ordinary Joes will act .
And if they act in large numbers , it could turn into a major social upheaval .
Could we be getting to a tipping point ?
I do n’t know , but there are straws in the wind .
Another book on this subject is a rather hefty new one by Jim Davidson — not James Dale Davidson , but the other James Davidson who deals in similar subject matter — called , Being Sovereign .
Unlike the others , it ’s non-fiction and runs to more than 600 pages , with a lot of very cogent material related to what we ’re talking about .
It ’s quite eclectic , well researched , and full of interesting gems of data .
I wonder if the memes in books like these will start spreading through society more , now that the economy is on the rocks — now that the gilded cage you mentioned is no longer so comfortable .
Being Sovereign Jim Davidson Best Price : $ 29.00 Buy New $ 38.98 ( as of 10:47 EST - Details )
L : Could be … such books would have appealed only to anti-government types before , but now , with fear and anger sweeping through the population , who knows if such seeds wo n’t be much more widely dispersed ?
Doug : I do n’t know — but it ’s as interesting as it is horrifying to watch the slow - motion train wreck of the U.S. and global economies continuing .
L : Okay , Sunshine .
Investment implications ?
Doug : I would have to say that , generally , they ’re not very good .
At least not for the kind of stuff your broker at Merrill is told to recommend .
L : [ Laughs ]
I think I ’ve heard this song before …
But can you be more specific ?
Doug :
Well , I sure would n’t want to own any government bonds …
L : [ Laughs ]
Doug : [ Chuckles ]
No bonds .
And owning the government ’s currency is going to be an extremely bad idea when inflation gets really bad — which it will do .
If they wind up destroying the dollar , we ’re in for really serious trouble — which looks like exactly what ’s going to happen .
And I do n’t think people are going to panic out of greenbacks and into the stock market , not when corporate America is looking so shaky .
V for Vendetta Moore , Alan Best Price : $ 2.20 Buy New $ 9.99 ( as of 03:40 EST - Details )
L : Do n’t hold your punches , Doug …
Doug : I wo n’t .
I think we ’re on the ragged edge , and this Austin thing is a clear warning shot across the bow .
It ’s absolutely time to start rigging for stormy weather , if you have n’t already .
L : Which leads us to your mantra of diversifying one ’s assets , and entire life , out of a single political jurisdiction , especially the U.S .
Doug : For openers .
And if you do n’t have a significant part of your assets , wherever you are , in real money — that ’s to say , gold — you ’re putting your neck on the block .
Real estate is going to get taxed to death , paper currencies are circling faster and faster down the drain , government debt is a joke .
This is a really , really serious set of circumstances that ’s building up .
People need to start thinking in terms of a major turning point approaching .
I wo n’t try to predict all the details , but I will say you better prepare for big changes over the next decade , or you will get run over by events .
L : Got it .
Note to self : avoid becoming roadkill .
I guess you ’ll have more specifics in future editions of The Casey Report ?
Doug : Yes .
I ’m working on an article on China for the next issue .
L : Can you give us a sneak preview ?
Are you bullish or bearish on China ?
Doug : I ’ve been a bull on China and the Orient for many years , but times have changed .
China could be in even bigger trouble than the U.S.
The problems in Greece are going to spread ; I ’ve been predicting the euro was going to disintegrate for some time .
What ’s going on is a worldwide phenomenon .
L : Well , that sounds pretty grim .
But it is what it is .
It may seem pretty extreme to think about , let alone plan for , the U.S. busting apart at the seams , but if this Austin thing — and the guy who bulldozed his house — are the leading edge of a wave of action and not just isolated incidents , it would be stupid , by your definition , not to think and plan .
Doug :
It always pays to plan for the worst while you hope for the best .
There are times in history when sweeping social changes seem to come out of nowhere — to most people .
But we can clearly see signs of this one coming , and there ’s still time for people to get their own houses in order .
Get out of debt .
Accumulate capital .
Protect yourself from currency destruction with gold .
Diversify your assets across political jurisdictions .
All the things we ’ve talked about .
The Best of Doug Casey
Tyrannosaurus rex and related large carnivorous dinosaurs together form the family Tyrannosauridae .
A long forgotten fossil skull in the collections of the Natural History Museum in London has now provided crucial clues to the early stages of the lengthy evolutionary history of these fearsome predators .
Almost a century after its discovery , the specimen , named Proceratosaurus , has now been recognized as the oldest known relative of the Tyrannosauridae .
With the help of an ultramodern imaging technique , a team of researchers led by Dr. Oliver Rauhut from LMU Munich and Dr. Angela Milner from the Natural History Museum London , have been able to show that Proceratosaurus resembled its approximately 100 - million - years younger descendant T. rex in a number of ways .
The teeth , the jaws , and the structure of the cranial cavity of the two species have many features in common .
Proceratosaurus weighed only about 40 kg , says Rauhut .
Nevertheless , like the later tyrannosauroids , the animal obviously depended on its powerful biting apparatus .
Later modifications of the jaw muscles and the overall structure of the cranium then gave rise to the perfect hunting weapon wielded by T. rex .
Among the dinosaur specimen housed in the collections of the Natural History Museum in London is an almost complete skull that was found in the West of England about 100 years ago .
The fossil was initially misclassified , but was later recognized as representing an otherwise unknown genus , which was named Proceratosaurus .
The skull has only recently been subject to detailed study by a team led by the palaeontologist Dr. Oliver Rauhut , who holds dual appointments in the Department of Geological and Environmental Sciences at Ludwig - Maximilians - Universität ( LMU ) in Munich and the Bavarian State Collection for Paleontology and Geology , and Dr Angela Milner , Associate Keeper of Palaeontology at the Natural History Museum in London .
This skull , which had been overlooked for so long , turns out to be a spectacular find .
Proceratosaurus is the earliest known ancestor of the family Tyrannosauridae ( named after its most famous representative Tyrannosaurus rex ) .
Proceratosaurus and T. rex were both bipedal carnivores and each had a massive body , short and stubby forelimbs , a powerful tail , and sharp teeth set in a bulky skull .
The best known members of the family , T. rex , lived during the late cretaceous period , although smaller species are known from the earlier Jurassic era .
Little is known about the origins and later evolution of this important group of dinosaurs .
Proceratosaurus could now cast much needed light on the process .
" It is quite astonishing that this fossil has received so little attention , since it is one of the best preserved dinosaur skulls in Europe , " reports Rauhut .
Parts of the skull that were still embedded in the rock matrix and these had to be exposed carefully by preparator Scott Moore - Fay at the Natural Histsory Museum in London ; the team also used an advanced imaging technique to probe the detailed structure of the fossil .
" Computerized tomography is a wonderful method , because it offers us a non-destructive means of visualizing the internal structures of fossils , " says Angela Milner , the researcher responsible for the specimen at the Natural History Museum , who personally took the fossil to Texas , where the tomographic scan was performed .
Detailed studies of the resulting images and of the skull itself were subsequently carried out back in London .
The investigations uncovered a wide range of features in the cranial cavity , teeth and jaws that Proceratosaurus shares with the huge T. rex , despite the fact that the Proceratosaurus skull is about 100 million years older and much smaller .
The Proceratosaurus cranium was about five times less massive than that of its mighty relative , and the intact animal appears to have weighed only about 40 kg .
Mature specimens of Tyrannosaurus , in contrast , weighed in at up to eight tons .
Because the Proceratosaurus skull already displays characteristics that are typical of its later descendants , the powerful jaw with its slicing teeth was probably the animal 's most important weapon .
" It is likely that this hunting strategy developed first , " says Rauhut .
The basic tool kit was perfected in later tyrannosaurids :
The skull became more robust and the jaw muscles larger and , overall , the body increased enormously in size .
Proceratosaurus also confirms that the tyrannosauridae developed over a very long stretch of time , and gave rise to a great diversity of forms .
Further members of the family surely await discovery . "
The study was financially supported by the SYNTHESIS program of the European Union .
A devout Muslim is suing the Gramercy Park Hotel because they would n’t hire him as a security guard unless he shaved his beard , according to a lawsuit .
Samir Suljovic , 24 , claims he was the subject of religious discrimination when a hotel manager told him company policy requires all employees to be clean shaven .
The hotel did not respond to requests for comment .
Microsoft 's contentious patent describing the mechanism used to store long filenames on FAT filesystems without breaking compatibility with old applications has been upheld by the German appeal court after a prior court decision ruled it invalid .
This mirrors a 2006 decision by the USPTO concerning the equivalent US patent .
The German Federal Patent Tribunal claimed that the patent EP0618540 lacked the element of invention in 2007 .
The Tribunal stated that the work done on the Rock Ridge Interchange Protocol , which allows long file names to be used on the ISO9660 filesystem used on CDs , solved the same problem , and since Rock Ridge was developed in 1991 , it predates the FAT long file name work .
The appeals court rejected this reasoning due to technical differences between the two systems , stating that Microsoft had to solve new problems that the Rock Ridge work did n't address .
In particular , the way long names on FAT were designed so that legacy systems would ignore the new names was deemed to be significant .
The FAT long - file - name patents are of particular importance to Microsoft , as it seeks to obtain license fees from companies wishing to use the FAT and FAT32 filesystems , which are an integral part of many embedded devices such as cameras and cellphones .
If these patents were n't upheld , Microsoft 's ability to demand such license fees would be greatly curtailed .
This point was made clear last year , when Microsoft filed suit against navigation device maker TomTom , claiming that its products violated the US patent .
TomTom countersued , and the two companies soon settled .
This case , and subsequent settlement , may have repercussions to the Linux community .
Some of the TomTom devices that Microsoft named used Linux , implying that Linux 's FAT support violates the Microsoft patents .
The German decision also shows that European courts are willing to grant software patents , provided that those patents represent genuine technical innovations ( like encoding long file names on a filesystem that can't store them ) and are n't just business processes ( such as running auctions on the Internet ) .
Police attacked a group of Chinese migrant workers who had taken nine of their superiors hostage near a construction site in Zallaq , 25 km south of the capital Manama .
ArabNews.com reported that police stormed the barricaded worker - housing compound on 27 February after a siege that lasted several hours , freeing the nine men and arresting 26 workers of the approximately 150 residing in the camp .
The operation occurred after negotiations led by the Ministry of Interior and a Chinese diplomat failed to persuade the workers to release the hostages , who included architects and foremen at the job site , ministry officials said .
The officials , who requested anonymity , said the workers , employees of the state - owned China State Construction Engineering Corp ( CSCEC ) , alleged that the nine men were mistreating and underpaying them .
The workers had demanded the nine men be sent back to China and be replaced .
Sources at the Interior Ministry confirmed that 28 workers were detained , while one of the hostages and four policemen sustained minor injuries during the clashes .
They were later taken to hospital .
The workers started a wildcat strike on Friday , but the issue was resolved after negotiations with the Ministry of Labor and the Chinese Embassy .
But the workers gathered again Saturday morning and took nine senior Chinese staff hostage to press their demands .
Founded in 1982 , the CSEC is the largest construction enterprise , real estate developer and international contractor in China .
( CNN ) --
An Italian scientist says he has reproduced one of the world 's most famous Catholic relics , the Shroud of Turin , to support his belief it is a medieval fake , not the cloth Jesus was buried in .
Luigi Garlaschelli says his reproduction of the shroud disproves the claims of its strongest supporters .
Luigi Garlaschelli created a copy of the shroud by wrapping a specially woven cloth over one of his students , painting it with pigment , baking it in an oven ( which he called a " shroud machine " ) for several hours , then washing it .
His result looks like the cloth that many Christians through the centuries have believed is the actual burial shroud of Jesus , he told CNN .
" What you have now is a very fuzzy , dusty and weak image , " he said .
" Then for the sake of completeness I have added the bloodstains , the burns , the scorching because there was a fire in 1532 . "
Garlaschelli says his work disproves the claims of the shroud 's strongest supporters .
" Basically the Shroud of Turin has some strange properties and characteristics that they say cannot be reproduced by human hands , " he told CNN by phone from Italy , where he is a professor of organic chemistry at the University of Pavia .
" For example , the image is superficial and has no pigment , it looks so lifelike and so on , and therefore they say it cannot have been done by an artist . "
His research shows the pigment may simply have worn off the cloth over the centuries since it was first " discovered " in 1355 , but impurities in the pigment etched an image into the fibers of the cloth , leaving behind the ghostly picture that remains today .
" The procedure is very simple .
The artist took this sheet and put it over one of his assistants , " he said .
" His good idea was to wrap the sheet over the person underneath because he did n't want to obtain an image that was too obviously a painting or a drawing , so with this procedure you get a strange image , " said Garlaschelli .
" Time did the rest , " he said .
Do n't Miss Compare the original and the copy
He undertook the research out of personal interest , he said .
" As a hobby I am interested in mysteries , and the Shroud of Turin is obviously a very mysterious object , " he said .
He described himself as a rationalist , but said he is not specifically anti-religious .
" I am not a believer , but I am first of all a curious person , and I like to investigate these mysteries , not necessarily related to religion , " he said .
" It 's not my fault if in Italy most of these paranormal facts are related to religion .
If the church would like to fund me ( to do research ) , I am ready . "
The Shroud of Turin is a linen sheet more than 14 feet long and 3 feet , 7 inches wide that carries an imprinted image of the front and the back of a crucified man , according to the Catholic Archdiocese of Turin .
" The imprint shows the peculiar characteristics that usually belong to a photographic negative , " says the Web site of the shroud , which is maintained by the archdiocese .
The Vatican does not have an official position on whether the relic is genuinely the cloth Jesus was buried in after being crucified .
" Since it is not a matter of faith , the church has no specific competence to pronounce on these questions , " the late Pope John Paul II said in 1998 .
Carbon dating in the 1990s suggested it dates from the Middle Ages .
But John Paul II insisted it is important to learn lessons from the relic , whether or not it is genuine .
" The imprint left by the tortured body of the crucified one , which attests to the tremendous human capacity for causing pain and death to one 's fellow man , stands as an icon of the suffering of the innocent in every age , " he said in an address at Turin Cathedral , the home of the shroud .
" Before the shroud , how can we not think of the millions of people who die of hunger , of the horrors committed in the many wars that soak nations in blood , of the brutal exploitation of women and children , of the millions of human beings who live in hardship and humiliation on the edges of great cities , especially in developing countries ? " the pope asked .
The Vatican has not responded to Garlaschelli's research , which was funded by the Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics , he said .
He dabbled on the project for years , he said , starting with handkerchief - size pieces of cloth and different combinations of acid and pigment , before making his shroud this summer .
Now that he knows how to do it , he could make another one in about a week , he estimated .
The greatest expense was having a cloth specially woven to mimic the shroud , he said .
He did not have access to the shroud itself , which is usually kept in a special chamber , away from public view .
" Only a few very chosen persons have direct access to it , " he said , adding he had relied on " the published data " about the relic .
He is due to present his findings Saturday at a conference of the Italian Committee for the Investigation of Claims on the Paranormal .
He has also written a 50 - page paper that he hopes to publish in a scientific journal .
The real Shroud of Turin is due to go on display to the public in April and May of 2010 .
It was last put on public view in 1998 and 2000 , but has undergone extensive restoration since then , including removing a backing and patches added over the centuries .
Moving Remy in Harmony : Pixar 's Use of Harmonic Functions Posted March 2010 .
This article will describe some new mathematical techniques being tested at Pixar for use in upcoming films ...
David Austin
Grand Valley State University
austind at gvsu.edu
The rat in the cage
To make an engaging animated film , you need characters , like Remy from Pixar Animation Studio 's Ratatouille , that are lovable with loads of personality © Disney / Pixar and the ability to move them in ways that are both believable and interesting .
© Disney / Pixar
While there are many mathematical issues that show up in computer animation , this article will describe some new mathematical techniques being tested at Pixar for use in upcoming films .
In particular , we 'll see how harmonic functions give life to animated characters by enabling their movement and expression of emotion .
Animated characters are usually constructed from a grid of points with a means to interpolate between the grid points and produce a natural , smooth appearance .
On the character shown below can be seen some of the 8019 points forming the curvilinear rectangular grid on the character 's body : © Disney / Pixar
When we want to make the character move , we then need to move each of the 8019 points in the grid .
This sounds like a daunting task : not only does the location of each point need to be modified , but the motion of nearby points needs to be coordinated to create the illusion of a realistic solid body .
Consequently , animators may place the character inside a " cage , " a coarser grid of control points containing the character .
For instance , the character above is shown contained in a cage of 112 points .
© Disney / Pixar
To move the character , we would like to move the relatively small number of control points defining the cage and have the points inside respond in some natural way .
For instance , to make the character 's arm bend , we could just move the relatively small number of points on the cage as shown below .
© Disney / Pixar © Disney / Pixar
To give a more familiar example , the surface of Remy 's body is defined by 9775 points while his cage has 325 control points .
© Disney / Pixar
In fact , we may give greater expressive control by placing smaller cages of control points around special features , such as Woody 's eye : © Disney / Pixar
This raises an important question that must be addressed : when one of the control points on the cage moves , how should the interior points move in response ?
This article will describe two new ways to approach this question .
Barycentric coordinates
Let 's first look at a simpler situation .
Here 's a character ( lovable with loads of personality , right ? ) that we place inside a triangular cage defined by control points v 1 , v 2 and v 3 .
How should the character 's points respond to the movement of control points ?
For instance , what should happen to the points on the interior circle when we move v i → v' i ?
Barycentric coordinates , which we will now describe , give a pleasing solution to this problem .
We define the linear function β 1 ( x , y ) = ax + by + c by declaring β 1 ( v 1 ) = 1
β 1 ( v 2 ) = 0
β 1 ( v 3 ) = 0
Since linear functions on the plane are determined by their values at three non-collinear points , this is enough information to determine β 1 uniquely .
The values of the function inside the cage may be represented graphically as a shade of blue as shown below .
Pure blue represents 1 while black represents 0 .
In the same way , we may define functions β 2 and β 3 . β 2 β 3
These functions , β 1 , β 2 , and β 3 , are called barycentric coordinates , and satisfy some pleasant properties , the most important of which is this :
If p is a point in the interior of the triangle , then p = Σ i β i ( p ) v i .
This may be understood easily enough : since both sides of the expression are linear functions in p and agree at the three vertices of the triangle v i , they must agree everywhere .
The idea is that we may use the functions β i as a set of coordinates to locate points in the triangle , as shown below :
To understand this by analogy , imagine creating a custom color at the paint store by mixing together various shades of red , blue , and yellow .
The barycentric coordinates β i ( p ) specify how much of the three " colors " v i to mix together to obtain the " color " p .
Now when we move the control points of the cage , we move the interior points so that they have the same barycentric coordinates in the new cage : p = Σ i β i ( p ) v i → p ' = Σ i β i ( p ) v' i is moved to If we now want to move our simple character , we let each interior point respond to the motion of the control points : is moved to Barycentric coordinates have useful properties that we note : Linear reproduction : at every point p , we have Σ i β i ( p ) v i = p .
This says , simply enough , that the coordinates β i ( p ) locate a point in the cage in terms of the control points .
β ( p ) v = p .
This says , simply enough , that the coordinates β ( p ) locate a point in the cage in terms of the control points .
Interpolation : β i ( v j ) = 1 if i = j and 0 if not .
To continue our paint store analogy , this says that to obtain , say , pure red , we need use only pure red paint .
( v ) = 1 if i = j and 0 if not .
To continue our paint store analogy , this says that to obtain , say , pure red , we need use only pure red paint .
Smoothness : the coordinates vary smoothly so that when we move the control points , nearby interior points move in concert .
Affine invariance : at every point p , we have Σ i β i ( p ) = 1 .
It is straightforward to see that this property implies the following : if we apply an affine transformation to the points on the cage , then the interior points are moved by the same affine transformation .
This is useful because affine transformations include simple geometric operations such as translations , rotations , reflections , and scalings .
Let 's briefly consider the computational aspects of this process .
Given the initial cage , the coordinates of each of the interior points need to be computed .
This process is called binding , and it requires the most significant computational effort , at least in the methods that will be described shortly .
To compute the new location of interior points when the control points are moved is much less work since we simply compute a linear combination of the control points .
In other words , once the computation required for binding is completed up front , creating new frames of our movie is relatively straightforward .
( This statement , of course , ignores all other computational aspects of creating a new frame , which we are not discussing here . )
Barycentric coordinates work with triangular cages .
However , we would like to be able to work with more that just three control points .
For instance , we may have the following character inside a cage .
© Disney / Pixar
How can we generalize barycentric coordinates to cages with a richer geometric structure ?
We will consider two methods , mean value coordinates and harmonic coordinates , that are currently being tested .
Mean value coordinates
The first type of coordinates we 'll consider , mean value coordinates , were first introduced by Floater and then applied to character articulation by Ju , Schaefer , and Warren .
Let 's remember our goal : given a cage defined by vertices v i , such as that shown to the right , we would like to define functions λ i ( p ) such that p = Σ i λ i ( p ) v i .
This is the linear reproduction condition we mentioned for barycentric coordinates .
For what is to follow , it may be helpful to think of this as a linear relation among p and the control points : p - Σ i λ i ( p ) v i = 0 .
To define the coordinates λ i at a point p , we begin by writing p as the average of all the points over a circle Γ centered at p Joining p to the control points v i breaks Γ into a number of arcs Γ i so that we may write the integral as the sum of integrals
We will now focus attention on one of those arcs , as shown in the figure .
Notice that the points p ' on the arc lie inside the triangle formed by p , v i and v i+1 .
This means that we may write p' using barycentric coordinates defined by this triangle :
It is possible to express the integrals of the barycentric coordinates in terms of the oriented angle αi shown in the figure .
If we then add over all the arcs , we obtain a linear relationship between p and the control points , as desired .
More specifically , we find explicit representations for the coordinates λi( p ) : where
It is straightforward to verify that mean value coordinates satisfy the affine - invariance and interpolation properties that we earlier stated as essential .
Shown below is a plot of the function λi corresponding to the control point shaded red .
Brighter blue colors indicate more positive values , while brighter green indicates more negative .
Notice that the coordinate function is defined everywhere , including outside the cage .
We may now use mean value coordinates to move characters by moving the control points , such as the red point below , of a cage containing the character .
Of course , similar ideas may be applied in three dimensions as demonstrated by Pixar 's use of mean value coordinates .
© Disney / Pixar © Disney / Pixar
Mean value coordinates are quite convenient to use since they are computed at a point using only local geometric information .
From a computational point of view , this means they may be efficiently computed in the binding process .
However , a significant problem arises when the cage is not convex .
Notice how moving the leg on the left causes unrealistic deformations of both legs .
© Disney / Pixar © Disney / Pixar
There is a relatively simple explanation : for non-convex regions , it may happen that some of the coordinates of a point are negative .
For instance , in the situation shown to the right , the oriented angle α 3 is negative which could cause λ 3 to be negative as well .
Here is the function λ i corresponding to the red control point point v i in a highly non-convex cage .
Remember that green represents negative values of the function so we see that the values in the " right leg " are generally negative .
Therefore , when the control point v i is moved , say , to the left , a point p with λ i ( p ) negative will move to the right due to the contribution from λ i ( p ) v i .
For instance , the blue polygon will move to the green polygon shown on the right .
Since non-convex cages are often desirable , Pixar has been investigating the use of harmonic coordinates , which will be explained after an introduction to harmonic functions .
Harmonic functions A harmonic function f( x , y ) is one whose Laplacian is zero .
In two dimensions , this means Harmonic functions are , well , harmonious : they satisfy several pleasing and useful properties , which will be described momentarily .
Linear functions are harmonic ; in fact , in one dimension , every harmonic function is linear : for functions f of a single variable , the Laplacian is simply the second derivative of f .
If we seek to generalize linear barycentric coordinates , perhaps harmonic functions offer rich possibilities .
Harmonic functions are ubiquitous in the natural world .
For instance , the steady - state temperature distribution of some region in space is described by a harmonic function .
Harmonic functions also satisfy an extremely useful property : Mean Value Property :
The value of a harmonic function at any point is equal to the average of its values around any circle centered at that point .
In the figure below , for instance , the value of a harmonic function at p is equal to its values on the circle drawn around p .
This is a familiar property of linear functions in one variable : the value at one point is the average of the values at points equally spaced on either side :
Observe now that the average of a set of numbers may not exceed the largest number in that set .
For instance , if everyone in my neighborhood makes less than \ $ 50,000 , the average income cannot be larger than \ $ 50,000 .
This means that the value of a harmonic function at a point cannot exceed the largest value on any circle centered at that point .
Pursuing this line of thought a little further leads to the : Maximum Principle :
The largest value that a harmonic function attains on a region is found on the boundary of that region .
In the same way , the smallest value that a harmonic function attains on a region is found on the boundary as well .
A simple application of the maximum principle gives one final property : Uniqueness Principle :
If we know the values of the function along the boundary of a region , there is only one harmonic function defined in that region with those boundary values .
Remembering that harmonic functions model steady - state temperature distributions , this says that the temperature distribution inside a cooked turkey is uniquely determined by the temperature distribution on the outside of the turkey .
We will now put these properties to work in developing coordinates in the interior of a cage .
Harmonic coordinates Remember that mean value coordinates provide an effective way to use the control points of a cage to move the interior points , but problems arose when non-convex regions led to negative coordinates .
To remedy this situation , we will introduce a new set of coordinates , called harmonic coordinates , that are always non-negative .
These coordinates were originally introduced by DeRose and Meyer at Pixar .
A subsequent paper by Joshi , Meyer , DeRose , Green , and Sanocki gives additional shape to these ideas .
For each control point v i , we will define a harmonic function h i ( p ) inside the cage by enforcing the interpolation property h i ( v j ) = 1 if i = j , and 0 if not , and asking that h i be linear on the edges of the cage .
The following properties may now be easily verified : Linear reproduction : p = Σ i h i ( p ) v i .
This follows from the uniqueness principle since both sides of this equality are harmonic functions of p and equal on the boundary .
They must therefore be equal inside the cage as well .
h ( p ) v .
This follows from the uniqueness principle since both sides of this equality are harmonic functions of p and equal on the boundary .
They must therefore be equal inside the cage as well .
Affine invariance :
On the boundary , we know that the sum Σ i h i is constantly 1 .
Since this sum is also harmonic , the maximum / minimum principle tells us that Σ i h i = 1 inside the cage too .
This tells us that the harmonic functions hi satisfy the properties that we desire of coordinate functions .
In addition , with these values on the boundary of the cage , the maximum principle guarantees that Therefore , harmonic coordinates will avoid the problem that we see with mean value coordinates for non-convex cages .
Remember that mean value coordinates may be easily computed using a formula that depends on simple geometric information .
How can we compute the harmonic functions inside the cage ?
This may be accomplished using the method of relaxation , which we will describe , for illustrative purposes , for one - dimensional functions .
Suppose we know the values of a harmonic function on the boundary of an interval .
We will divide the interval using a finite number of equally spaced grid points .
You will recall that the mean value property says that the value of the harmonic function at some point is the average of the values at equidistant points .
We will use this observation and initially set the value of the function to 0 at the interior grid points .
Now move across the grid and replace the value of the function at a point by the average of adjacent points .
When we have moved all the way across the grid one time , we find : Move across the grid a second time .
After 10 times : After 20 times : Notice that the values at the grid points eventually converge to the values of the harmonic function , which is linear in this one - dimensional case .
The same idea works in higher dimensions as well .
Shown below is the function h i found by the method of relaxation on the grid shown .
Also , a comparison is given with the corresponding function obtained using mean value coordinates .
Notice that the two functions appear to be rather similar inside the cage .
Shown now is a comparison of the results of moving an object using harmonic coordinates , on the left , and mean value coordinates .
If we consider a non-convex cage , notice that the harmonic function , shown on the left , is everywhere positive inside the cage , as we expected due to the maximum principle .
The mean value coordinate is , as we saw earlier , negative in the " right leg . "
We may now consider what happens when we move the red control point using both sets of coordinates .
The blue figure , the initial one , is moved to the green figure , shown below .
On the right , we see the expected problem with mean value coordinates .
Interestingly , the figure does not move significantly when using harmonic coordinates .
There is an interesting explanation of this observation .
Mean value coordinates are defined in terms of whose magnitude is influenced by the straight line distance between p and the control point v i .
By contrast , the influence of a control point v i over an interior point p in the harmonic function h i is determined by the distance as measured inside the cage .
For instance , consider our cooked turkey : though a leg may be next to the breast , the temperature at a point in the breast will not be significantly influenced by the temperature at a point on the leg .
This thinking may be made precise through the formalism of stochastic integrals .
Finally , here is a result of Pixar 's use of harmonic coordinates .
On the left is seen the original binding configuration .
In the middle is the result of moving the cage using harmonic coordinates , and the result of using mean value coordinates is recalled on the right .
© Disney / Pixar © Disney / Pixar © Disney / Pixar Summary
In this article , we 've looked at mean value and harmonic coordinates in a two - dimensional setting .
Ultimately , we need to work in three dimensions , of course , and these ideas may be suitably adapted to work in that environment as well .
The two methods have relative advantages .
Mean value coordinates are computed exactly at each of the character 's points using geometric information .
By contrast , harmonic coordinates are only computed approximately so that some consideration must be paid to the accuracy of the solving algorithm and the resulting error .
Harmonic coordinates require us to compute the value of the coordinate functions at every point on a grid in the interior of the cage .
This requires significant computational effort , some of which will necessarily be wasted since we are only interested in the values at the points of our character .
To put numbers to this observation , consider Remy 's 9775 points in his cage of 325 control points .
© Disney / Pixar
Using the method of relaxation with a three - dimensional grid having 32 grid points on a side takes 57 seconds to compute the harmonic coordinates in the binding process .
From that point , however , it requires only 0.111 seconds to create subsequent poses : © Disney / Pixar
Of course , the truly remarkable point is that we wo n't be aware of any of this when we watch the next Pixar film and find ourselves lost in one of our culture 's richest experiences : a story well - told .
Thanks
Thanks to Tony DeRose of Pixar Animation Studios for supplying some of the images for this article , answering questions , and reviewing a draft .
Any errors are , of course , my own .
Thanks also to the people at Pixar for maintaining their long - held vision that profound creative expression may be found through recent technological innovations .
For V. References Michael Floater , Mean Value Coordinates , Computer Aided Geometric Design 20 ( 2003 ) , 19 - 27 .
, Mean Value Coordinates , Computer Aided Geometric Design 20 ( 2003 ) , 19 - 27 .
Tao Ju , Scott Schaefer , Joe Warren , Mean Value Coordinates for Closed Triangular Meshes , ACM Transactions on Graphics 24 ( 2005 ) , 561-566 .
, Mean Value Coordinates for Closed Triangular Meshes , ACM Transactions on Graphics 24 ( 2005 ) , 561-566 .
Tony DeRose , Mark Meyer , Harmonic Coordinates , Pixar Technical Memo 06 - 02 , Pixar Animation Studios , January 2006 .
Harmonic Coordinates , Pixar Technical Memo 06 - 02 , Pixar Animation Studios , January 2006 .
Pushkar Joshi , Mark Meyer , Tony DeRose , Brian Green , Tom Sanocki , Harmonic Coordinates for Character Articulation , ACM Transactions on Graphics 26 ( 2007 ) ,
Harmonic Coordinates for Character Articulation , ACM Transactions on Graphics 26 ( 2007 ) , Harmonic coordinates explained , a video illustrating many of the ideas in this article .
David Gilbarg , Neil S. Trudinger , Elliptic partial differential equations of second order , Springer - Verlag , New York , 2001 .
David Austin
Grand Valley State University
austind at gvsu.edu
Welcome to the
Feature Column !
These web essays are designed for those who have already discovered the joys of mathematics as well as for those who may be uncomfortable with mathematics .
Read more . . .
Search Feature Column Feature Column at a glance
Weed , California • •
CHP officers love to ‘ cherry - pick ’ North - bound traffic just after the on-ramp at the top of the little hill about 1/2 mile north of Truck Village drive exit .
You ’ll see the candy - colored water truck dealership on the Right , then go up a 1/4 mile grade .
CHP sits facing you , behind bushes in a paved cross -over median .
Ca n’t see him until it ’s too late , unless you know to look .
Your Valentine
One radar detector will tell you he ’s working most of the time , but they do use Instant - On .
I drive this every day and always see them writing tickets for 75 - 80 in the 65 Zone .
Officers tell me it ’s prime Cherry picking for out - of - staters .
The freeway is wide and fairly straight so seems like it should be 75 , but not until almost to Weed airport 5 miles further north does the speed limit increase to 70 mph , so BEWARE .
David Cameron may have managed to equal Nick Clegg in the second debate , but pictures of the two juxtaposed together in national newspapers still present an insurmountable problem : the perception that voting Lib Dem is no long a wasted vote .
And we know where that path leads .
It 's in the interests of Lib Dems to play up their position in the polls - after all they 've never been taken more seriously .
That means fewer people who think that voting Lib Dem is a " wasted vote " .
But Clegg still faces two challenges that will reduce his party 's vote on polling day .
And he must take action to deal with them now .
The youth vote and GOTV
A large proportion of the swing to Nick Clegg comes from the youth vote ( see Sami Kent today ) .
They 're less likely to be tribal about specific parties , are more desperate to see real change ( of the electoral kind ) at Westminster , and were largely absent from the election earlier .
Some are likely to be still angry about the Iraq war .
But the youth vote is notoriously unpredictable .
This is the demographic least likely to vote because broadly they 're just either too lazy or apathetic .
Barack Obama faced the same problem , and plenty of pollsters speculated then that Obama 's poll ratings could be over - stated for this reason .
Hence , much of his field operation after winning the primaries was about identifying ( and to a lesser extent persuading )
Democratic voters and getting them to turn out on election day .
Clegg does n't have the same resources , clearly , but his operation might want to think less about canvassing now and more about getting out the vote ( GOTV ) on election day .
Reaching out to university students would be a good start .
Identifying Lib Dem pockets of voters and organising activists to start knocking on doors on polling day to get them out would be another strategy Cowley Street is or should be thinking about .
A Lib Dem victory almost disproportionately depends on turnout .
While this applies for the others too - the Tories benefit from having voters who are energised to come out and throw out Gordon Brown .
Clegg cannot assume that anger and apathy among the youth vote will automatically translate to votes on election day and needs to take action on that front ( if he is n't already ) .
The fear factor
About 5 - 10 % of voters will be voting for the Lib Dems for the first time , with the view that their vote will not be wasted .
But will they take the plunge without hesitation ?
This paper , which looked at polls in the US , UK and Australia says that while opinion often changes during an election - on election say itself it often reverts back to near where it started .
It wo n't happen in this case of course - the swing towards the Lib Dems has been the biggest ever , in the shortest time ever , in recent British political history .
But there will be a percentage of voters - I 'd say between 2 % - 4 % - who will bottle it at the polling booth .
This is mostly why the Tories are playing up the " nightmare scenario " of the British economy nosediving in case of a hung parliament : they want people to be scared despite accusing their opponents of the same .
The author writes :
One explanation , we suggest , is that people become more responsible when stepping into the poll booth : when voting they reflect back on the government 's whole time in office , rather than just responding ( as when talking to pollsters ) to the noise of the past few days ' campaigning .
So this may help Labour more than the Conservatives .
Anger at the political class could carry on until election day and force voters out of their shell .
Nevertheless , the Lib Dems can not rest easy .
But they can't play down their poll ratings either , or people voting for them tactically may switch back to their original choice .
It 's useful for the party , however , that most people pay little attention to the Westminster press .
Once the narrative is set that they are the third party and a real player , it will take a lot to change that back .
And I do n't see that happening .
If you read our hands - on preview of the upcoming multiplayer beta for Halo : Reach , you know just how good we think the game is going to be .
The beta goes live on May 3 , but what do you say we sneak you in the back door ?
We have 20 codes that will get you into the " Friends and Family " portion of the Reach beta , which means you 'll be able to start playing on April 29 .
That means you 'll be online with the full beta five days before everyone else .
You 'll be playing with people who were also given early access to the beta , alongside the gaming press and Bungie employees .
It will be a glorious thing .
You 'll need to be an Xbox Live Gold subscriber to access the beta , but with these codes you wo n't need a copy of Halo : ODST in your 360 to play .
Simply plug in the code , download the beta , and jump into a game .
To enter , simply e-mail giveaways@arstechnica.com with the subject line , " Halo , is there anybody out there ? "
I 'll also be giving away another five codes via Twitter , so be sure to follow @ BenKuchera for your chance to pick one up .
We 'll be accepting entries until 12 pm EST April 28 , and will send the codes out on the 29th .
I think that would be a wonderful time for some Ars Technica games on Xbox Live as well .
Good luck !
OUR WORK
The Power of a Thought
The life of a society depends on the thoughts and ideas that underlie it .
Social discourse creates a shared sense of our purpose and identity as Americans .
If our society is to become more unified and just , we must recast and evolve the ideas that lie behind it .
This is the work of our Office .
Business Cards have become a necessity these days .
They serve as an identity for your business and go a long way in promoting your business too .
As good logo is important for any business , Business Cards are likewise important .
Business cards are one of the first things you use when you present yourself .
As you would know , a business card is actually a card carrying a person ’s name together with details like the name of the company , company or private logo , designation , address , telephone number , etc .
But would any business card design serve your purpose ?
Well , absolutely not .
As competition among businesses has increased , so is the need for attractive , creative and beautiful business card designs .
Actually a business card reflects the quality and standard of your business .
So you need to have a unique and beautiful business card design that spell bounds your clients and make them remember and prefer you over others .
Unique business card make a good impression on your clients when you present you self to them .
Here , we present to you 51 Beautiful Business Card Designs that will inspire you and enhance your creativity .
So if , you are planning to make business card or want to have them prepared from some business card designing company , then these Beautiful Business Card Designs will certainly help you in selecting unique , creatively rich and beautiful business card designs .
Beautiful Business Card Designs that have been shown below provide you with a lot of variety and richness in designs and come in all shapes and sizes .
Here , I have searched for some unique and beautiful business card designs which you will certainly find very inspiring .
This presentation will surely enlighten your creative imagination .
You may also like – 55 Mind Blowing Beautiful Business Card Designs
51 Unique & Beautiful Business Card Designs
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - Stern , serious , socialist North Korea has carved out a spot in TV history for having one of the world ’s longest running comedy shows , despite it being mostly devoid of jokes for the decades it has been on the air .
The show now called “ It ’s So Funny ” is meant to uplift the morale of troops and extol propaganda about the virtues of serving under “ The General ” Kim Jong -il .
Laughter is optional -- unless the soldiers in the audience are ordered to do so .
The format of the show is usually a conversation between a man and a woman in military uniform , who sometimes sing , dance and try a little slapstick , but mostly avoid telling one - liners .
“ Often , it is really hard to find the humor , ” said a South Korean official who monitors the North ’s official broadcasts .
“ This type of show has been on since almost the beginning of the state ’s official programing ( in the 1970s ) , ” he said .
The latest version that came out in the past week extolled the virtue of beans , while avoiding any flatulence humor .
It opened with the man soldier saying to the woman soldier he feels better and looks more handsome because he has been taking medicine made from beans .
“ If we soldiers see beans , we become happy , ” he said and laughs .
“ If we farm in the way the General tells us , we will become happy , ” she said and laughs .
Few of the soldiers in the audience could be heard laughing .
There was one long send - up that did gather a few chuckles .
The two talk about how bean - fed North Korean soldiers were able to fight off U.S. imperialist troops during the Korean War .
The women soldier , playing the part of an old woman , said bean - fed troops including her husband had amazing strength on the battle field .
“ But he died , ” she said .
The show concludes with the two delivering homilies on Kim Jong - il ’s military rule .
“ He had tried so hard to fill the people ’s tables , ” they say in tearful voices .
There is no room for irony in the performance shown on the reclusive state ’s only channel to a people who have battled chronic food shortages for decades due to the government ’s bungled agricultural policies .
Kim Yong , who defected from the North and became a TV personality in the South , said the actors on “ It ’s So Funny ” have immense talent but they are working with comedy vetted by propaganda experts and government censors .
“ The show is delivering the same material over and over again , ” Kim said .
“ They are still talking about beans .
The country has n’t changed at all since I defected about 20 years ago . ”
IBM is threatening to pursue legal action against TurboHercules , a company that sells services relating to the open source Hercules project , an emulator that allows conventional computers with mainstream operating systems to run software that is designed for IBM System Z mainframe hardware .
In a letter that IBM mainframe CTO Mark Anzani recently sent to TurboHercules , Big Blue says that it has " substantial concerns " that the Hercules project infringes on its patents .
The letter is a brusque half - page , but was sent with nine additional pages that list a " non-exhaustive " selection of patents that IBM believes are infringed by the open source emulator .
This move earned the scorn of well - known free software advocate and patent reform activist , Florian Mueller .
In a blog entry that was posted Tuesday , Mueller fiercely criticized IBM , accusing the company of abusing its patent portfolio and harming open source software in order to retain monopolistic control over its expensive mainframe offerings .
" After years of pretending to be a friend of Free and Open Source Software ( FOSS ) , IBM now shows its true colors .
IBM breaks the number one taboo of the FOSS community and shamelessly uses its patents against a well - respected FOSS project , " wrote Mueller .
" This proves that IBM 's love for free and open source software ends where its business interests begin . "
He contends that IBM 's support for open source software is insincere .
As evidence of the company 's hypocrisy , Mueller points out that two of the patents that IBM listed in its letter to Hercules are included in the list of 500 patents that IBM promised to not assert against open source software in 2005 .
Mueller is convinced that the patent promise was a manipulative attempt to placate government regulators .
How emulation intersects with IBM 's mainframe business
IBM 's position in the mainframe market has posed contentious antitrust issues for years .
The company 's software licensing model ties its mainframe operating system to its underlying System Z hardware , guaranteeing that companies who have built their own applications for the platform can't easily migrate to other hardware options .
This lock - in strategy has proved lucrative for IBM , generating billions of dollars in revenue .
Despite the extremely high cost and the fact that some companies do n't necessarily derive value from the hardware 's unique characteristics , they continue buying IBM 's mainframe solutions because doing so remains cheaper than rewriting all of their legacy applications .
We explained this phenomenon several years ago when we looked at the reasons why IBM 's mainframe business is still profitable despite the declining relevance of the technology .
A well - designed System Z emulator that allows users to migrate their own mainframe applications to commodity hardware would obviously pose a serious threat to IBM 's mainframe business , but IBM 's software licensing terms have historically prevented such a threat from materializing .
Users would have to run IBM 's mainframe operating system inside of the Hercules emulator in order to run the applications — but they are n't allowed to do that .
It 's certainly possible to run modern versions of IBM 's mainframe operating system with Hercules , but it can't really be officially supported or publicly condoned by the project 's developers due to the licensing issues .
Much like Hackintoshing , it is fairly trivial on a technical level but constitutes an unambiguous violation of the end - user license agreement .
As such , Hercules never really posed a threat to IBM in the past .
The legal issues simply preclude commercial adoption and deployment in production environments .
Hercules is principally used by enthusiasts to run z / Architecture Linux variants , an activity that does n't erode IBM 's lock - in strategy .
In many ways , the project arguably benefits IBM by encouraging interest in the mainframe platform .
That is largely why IBM has shown no hostility towards Hercules in the past .
In fact , IBM 's own researchers and System Z specialists have lavished Hercules with praise over the years after using it themselves in various contexts .
The project was even featured at one time in an IBM Redbook .
What brought about IBM 's change in perspective was an unexpected effort by the TurboHercules company to commercialize the project in some unusual ways .
TurboHercules came up with a bizarre method to circumvent the licensing restrictions and monetize the emulator .
IBM allows customers to transfer the operating system license to another machine in the event that their mainframe suffers an outage .
Depending on how you choose to interpret that part of the license , it could make it legally permissible to use IBM 's mainframe operating system with Hercules in some cases .
Exploiting that loophole in the license , TurboHercules promotes the Hercules emulator as a " disaster recovery " solution that allows mainframe users to continue running their mainframe software on regular PC hardware when their mainframe is inoperable or experiencing technical problems .
This has apparently opened up a market for commercial Hercules support with a modest number of potential customers , such as government entities that are required to have redundant failover systems for emergencies , but can't afford to buy a whole additional mainframe .
IBM 's response
As you can probably imagine , IBM was not at all happy with that development .
Following IBM 's initial threats of legal action , Hercules retaliated by filing an antitrust motion in the European Union , calling for regulators to unbundle IBM 's mainframe operating system from its mainframe hardware .
IBM responded harshly last month , claiming that the antitrust motion is unfounded and that a software emulation business is just like selling cheap knock - offs of brand - name clothing .
The conflict escalated , leading to the patent letter that was published on Tuesday .
When faced with patent litigation , companies often try to keep the conflict quiet and hope for an out - of - court settlement because they do n't want the threat of a lawsuit to scare away potential customers .
That 's certainly a factor here , because IBM 's threats raise serious questions about whether it is truly permissible to use the Hercules emulator in a commercial setting .
TurboHercules is taking a bit of a risk by disclosing the letter to Mueller for broad publication .
The startup likely chose to publicize their predicament with the hope that the open source software community will notice and respond by shaming IBM into backing down .
As Mueller points out in his blog entry , the broader open source software community has some reasons to side with TurboHercules in this dispute : some of the patents cited by IBM cover fundamental functionality of virtualization and emulation .
Those patents reach far beyond the scope of Hercules and could pose a threat to other open source software projects .
In my article “ When Floats Do n’t Behave Like Floats ” I explained how calculations involving single - precision floating - point variables may be done , under the covers , in double or extended precision .
This leads to anomalies in expected results , which I demonstrated with two C programs — compiled with Microsoft Visual C++ and run on a 32 - bit Intel Core Duo processor .
In this article , I ’ll do a similar analysis for double - precision floating - point variables , showing how similar anomalies arise when extended precision calculations are done .
I modified my two example programs to use doubles instead of floats .
Interestingly , the doubles version of program 2 does not exhibit the anomaly .
I ’ll explain .
The Environment in Which the Anomalies Occur
To see the described anomalies , floating - point calculations must be done in precision greater than double - precision .
For Intel processors , this means that x87 FPU instructions must be used ( as opposed to SSE instructions ) , and the processor must be calculating in extended - precision mode .
Your compiler determines which instructions to generate , although you may influence it with compiler options .
On my system , Visual C++ generates x87 FPU instructions by default .
As for the precision mode , it has a default — which is double - precision on my system — that can be changed by a call to the controlfp function .
I call this function in the programs below .
Program 1
#include " stdio.h " #include " float.h " int main ( void ) { double d1 = 0.3333333333333333 , d2 = 3.0 , d3 ; unsigned int cur_cw ; _controlfp_s ( &cur_cw , _PC_64 , MCW_PC ) ; d3 = d1 * d2 ; if ( d3 != d1 * d2 ) printf ( " Not equal
" ) ; }
Program 1 prints “ Not equal ” , for the same reason its float counterpart does : greater precision is being used under the covers .
Computing d3
Using my function fp2 bin , I printed the binary values of the three floating point variables in the computation :
d1 = 0.010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101
d2 = 11
d3 = 1
The value of d3 is only an approximation to d1 * d2 .
Here ’s the true value of d1 * d2 , computed by hand :
0.010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101 x 11 --------------------------------------------------------
10101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101 10101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101
--------------------------------------------------------
0.111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111
( You can also compute this with my binary calculator . )
The product is 54 bits , which can be represented exactly in extended precision , but only approximately in double - precision .
Since bit 54 is a 1 , the value is rounded up , to 53 bits .
The result is d3 = 1 .
Here ’s the relevant assembler code generated by the compiler :
d3 = d1 * d2 ; 0041131 F fld qword ptr [ d1 ] 00411322 fmul qword ptr [ d2 ] 00411325 fstp qword ptr [ d3 ]
Comparing d3 and d1 * d2
The assembler code shows what is happening :
if ( d3 != d1 * d2 ) 00411328 fld qword ptr [ d1 ] 0041132B fmul qword ptr [ d2 ] 0041132E fcomp qword ptr [ d3 ]
d1 * d2 is computed in extended precision and left on the stack .
It is then compared to d3 , which still has 53 bits of precision even though it ’s “ promoted ” to extended precision .
The two compared values will differ .
Program 2
#include " stdio.h " #include " float.h " int main ( void ) { double d1 = 0.3333333333333333 , d2 = 3.0 , d3 ; long long i1 , i2 ; unsigned int cur_cw ; _controlfp_s ( &cur_cw , _PC_64 , MCW_PC ) ; d3 = d1 * d2 ; i1 = ( int ) d3 ; i2 = ( int ) ( d1 * d2 ) ; if ( i1 != i 2 ) printf ( " Not equal
" ) ; }
Program 2 does not print anything , which is surprising knowing that its float counterpart does .
According to our analysis of program 1 — program 2 uses the same values for d1 and d2 — d1 * d2 rounds to 1 in double precision , but is slightly less than 1 in extended precision .
Therefore , we would expect i1 = 1 and i2 = 0 .
Instead , both are 1 .
The explanation is simple : the extended precision calculation of d1 * d2 is “ spilled ” into a double before the conversion to integer , so it will be equal to d3 :
Computing i2
Last year , my wife and I were eating dinner when we suddenly heard a crash outside .
We ran out the door and saw that someone had smashed into our car , which had been parked on the street .
The lady driving the other car was drunk and driving on the wrong side of the road .
The lush and her car were completely unscathed , but our car was totaled .
Does n’t it always seem to work out that way ?
Kate and I had to buy a new car .
Well , new to us .
We ended up buying a used car .
Now , this was the first time I had ever had to buy a used car without help from my parents , so I was sort of clueless about the process .
This was my first big , adult purchase .
From doing some research on the web and talking to friends and family , here ’s a list of tips and advice on how to buy a used car .
Benefits of Buying a Used Car
Avoiding depreciation .
It ’s common knowledge that once a new car drives off the lot , its value depreciates immediately .
In the first two years of ownership , a new car can lose about 30 % of its original value .
And if you decide to sell your new car a few years after you buy it , you ’re going to lose a lot more money in the re-sale than if you had bought it used .
Price .
If depreciation is your enemy when buying new , it ’s definitely your best bud when you buy a used car .
There is n’t much difference between a brand new car and a two - year - old car .
By buying a car brand new , you ’re basically paying 30 % more than you need to .
That ’s a big mark - up for that new car smell .
You can save even more money if you decide to buy older cars that have more miles on them .
A buddy of mine back in college bought an ’ 86 Honda Accord hatchback for a couple hundred dollars .
It was super ugly , but it drove just fine and lasted him a few years .
Bigger selection .
Because used cars are cheaper than brand new cars , you effectively widen the selection of cars you can purchase .
Instead of being merely a dream , luxury and sports cars enter the realm of possibility .
I remember back in high school when my dad and I were shopping around for a used car , I found a late model ( this was back in the 90s ) Mercedes Benz for about $ 5,000 .
I could n’t believe it !
Something had to be wrong with it .
So , we took it for a test drive and to a mechanic .
It was in tip - top shape and drove like a dream .
I ended up not buying the Benz .
I was too punk rock for that .
Instead I went with a 1992 Smurf Blue Chevy Cavalier .
Now that ’s punk rock .
However , the experience did open my eyes to the fact that if you look hard enough , you can find some awesome cars for super cheap when you buy used .
Save money on insurance .
If you buy a considerably older used car , you can save money on car insurance by only getting the state mandated minimum coverage .
If your car is worth less than 10 times the premium on your insurance , it ’s probably not worth getting comprehensive coverage .
Buy a Used Car from a Private Owner or a Dealership ?
When you buy a used car , you have two possible sellers : a private owner or a dealership .
Each has its advantages and disadvantages .
Owner Advantages
Great deals .
When you buy from a person who put an ad in the paper or on Autotrader.com , you can often find some really good deals .
The best deals I ’ve seen are at estate sales .
You can find an older car with low mileage because the little old lady who owned the car only drove it to church and the grocery store .
The car might smell like mothballs , but you ’ll enjoy the sweet scent of saved cash .
Less intimidating negotiations .
Negotiations can also be less intimidating because you ’re working with an average Joe and not some highly trained salesman who has to take your offer to a mysterious backroom boss to get it approved .
Moreover , dealerships often try to throw in unneeded extras when you ’re buying from them — extra floor mats , XM Radio , etc .
When you buy from an owner , they ’re just selling you the car and nothing more .
Makes the experience less irritating and cheaper .
Owner Disadvantages
Complicated and annoying negotiations .
Owners tend to be more attached to their cars than dealerships .
To them , they ’re not just selling a product , they ’re selling a memory .
These sorts of owners can be difficult to work with .
They ’ll bust your balls in negotiation over a piece of crap Buick simply because it was their grandfather ’s beloved car , and they hate to see it get in the hands of the “ wrong person . ”
No consumer protections .
Private sales are n’t generally covered by many states ’ implied warranty laws .
Implied warranties are unspoken and unwritten warranties that hold sellers responsible if the product they sold does n’t meet reasonable quality standards .
When you buy from an owner , you ’re buying the car “ as is , ” meaning if the car has a problem ( known or unknown by the seller ) , once you buy it , it becomes your problem and the seller does n’t have to do anything to fix it .
Moreover , private sales generally are n’t covered by the FTC Used Car Rule which requires dealers to post a Buyer ’s Guide in used cars for sale .
Dealership Advantages
Certified Pre-Owned Program .
A CPO vehicle undergoes rigorous mechanical and cosmetic inspection before it ’s put on sale .
Moreover , CPO cars are often covered by a warranty beyond the original factory warranty which includes items like roadside assistance .
Buying a CPO vehicle can give you the piece of mind that the car you ’re buying is in great condition and not a piece of crap .
Even if you do n’t buy a certified pre-owned car , when you buy from a dealer , you ’re likely protected by your state ’s consumer protection laws such as implied warranties or warranties of merchantability .
Extra services .
Dealers will often throw in extra services for free that a private seller can’t .
For example , when Kate and I bought our last car , before we drove it off the lot , the dealer cleaned and detailed it , performed a free oil change , and gave us a discount on our first service visit with them .
Trade-ins .
Dealers also take trade - ins which lowers the amount you have to pay in cash .
Personal finance guru Dave Ramsey has a system set up that uses trade - ins on used cars to allow him to upgrade his vehicles every year or two without having to take out a loan on his car .
Check it out .
It ’s pretty brilliant , if you ask me .
Better negotiation experience ( possibly ) .
The negotiation experience can be a bit more even keeled with dealerships .
It ’s just a business transaction for them .
You can avoid some of the emotional baggage you often find when negotiating with owners .
Financing .
If you do n’t have all the scratch on hand to buy a used car , a dealership can often provide financing to help you make the purchase .
And with the crum - dum economy , car manufacturers and dealerships are providing some pretty good deals if you decide to finance a used car .
Things like cash - back or zero interest can make financing a used car a reasonable thing to do .
Dealership Disadvantages
Higher list prices .
List prices at dealerships tend to be more expensive than when buying from an owner .
However , you can usually negotiate this down easily .
High - pressure negotiation .
Negotiations with car salesmen can be more high - pressured than when buying from owners .
Selling is what these guys do for a living .
They know every trick in the book and will unleash them on you without hesitation .
When you step foot on the dealer ’s lot , gird up your loins , and prepare to play hardball .
Up-sales .
Dealers will try to up - sale you until your eyes bleed .
They ’ll tell you that you need to add the extended warranty or that you need the new stereo .
If you ’re not careful , you can drive out with a used car that cost you $ 1,000 more than the original value simply because you let the add - ons creep in .
However , you can turn the up - sale to your advantage by simply using it as leverages in negotiating .
If the salesman presses for an extended bumper to bumper warranty , tell him you ’ll take it only if he lowers the price of the car a few hundred dollars .
Financing .
Financing is both an advantage and disadvantage .
When you finance a used car , you can end up paying thousands of dollars more for your car than if you had paid in cash .
Dealers that finance to buyers directly want this extra cash , so they ’ll often pressure car buyers to finance their new car .
Save your money .
Pay in cash .
Blue Book It !
When you ’ve decided on the type of car you want , start researching its value using the available tools online .
It ’s essential that you know how much a used car is worth when you start negotiating .
Kelley Blue Book .
Since 1926 , Kelley Blue Book has been providing used car prices in their trademarked blue book .
Edmunds.com .
Edmunds.com will not only give you the manufacturer ’s suggested retail price ( MSRP ) for a vehicle , they ’ll also check what others have paid for that particular car and give you an almost real - time market price for it .
How to Inspect a Used Car
Alright .
So you ’ve picked out a used car you like that ’s in your price range .
Before you make an offer , you need to inspect it to ensure you ’re not buying a lemon .
This is especially important if you ’re buying directly from the owner .
Your best bet is to take the car to a mechanic you trust and let him look it over for any defects .
If you do n’t have a mechanic handy , here ’s how you can inspect a used car .
CarFax .
Get one .
CarFax is a comprehensive report of a vehicle ’s history .
The report costs money to buy , but it ’s definitely worth it .
The report can tell you if the car has sustained flood or frame damage , two things you want to steer clear of when purchasing a used car .
All you need to run a CarFax report is the car ’s vehicle identification number ( VIN ) which can be found on the dashboard , just below the windshield on the driver ’s side or on the driver ’s side door , just below the locking mechanism .
Initial Inspection
Before you start the car , give it this initial inspection :
Look underneath the car for rust .
A used car with a rusted frame is n’t structurally sound .
While a rusted frame can be salvaged , it can be expensive and time consuming .
Choose another car .
Check the tires and wheels .
Look for even tire wear .
Uneven wear in the front could mean the wheels or suspension are out of alignment .
Inspect the exterior .
Look for recent paint jobs as this may indicate body damage .
You can sometimes detect paint jobs by finding over - spray on the rubber window molding .
Tap along repainted areas and listen for a change in tone that reveals patchwork .
Check the interior .
You do n’t want a used car that ’s been torn to shreds on the inside .
When inspecting the interior , check the odometer .
If the car says it has low miles , but the wear and tear on the inside looks like it ’s been to hell and back , something might be up .
Look under the hood .
If you see rounded or stripped nuts and bolt heads , it could be an indication of shoddy repair work .
While you ’re under there , check the spark plugs to see if they ’re newer than the rest of the engine .
If they are , that ’s a sign the car has undergone regular maintenance and tune - up .
That ’s a good thing .
Kick a tire .
Just for the hell of it .
Test Drive
Drive it cold .
A cold engine will tell you a lot more then a warm one will .
Plan your route .
You want your test drive route to be similar to your daily driving experience .
Sure the car might drive nice on neighborhood streets , but how does she feel on the expressway ?
Mix up your route with freeways , city streets , rural roads , and parking lots .
Turn the key .
Does the car start easily ?
Does the engine make any funny noises while turning ?
Do you have to turn the key a lot to get the car started ?
Check controls .
Test the wiper , lights , radio , and air conditioner controllers .
There should n’t be any noticeable drop in engine performance when you turn on the A/C .
Check the transmission .
If the car is an automatic transmission , it should n’t make any loud clunking noises or hesitate when you switch gears .
A manual transmission should shift smoothly .
If you hear any grinding noise when shifting it could mean the synchronizers are bad .
Also , check the clutch of a manual transmission by going slowly uphill in a higher than normal gear , like 3rd or 4th gear .
If the clutch is good , the RPM will decrease and nearly stall .
If the clutch is bad , the engine will rev but wo n’t go anywhere .
Check the brakes .
Find a road without any traffic and accelerate to about 50 mph .
Hit the brakes hard .
If the car pulls to the right or left , it may mean you have a loose brake caliper or there ’s not enough hydraulic fluid on the side it ’s pulling to .
Also , if you feel a shuddering when you brake , it could mean the brakes are warped .
The brake pedal should also feel firm when you press down on it .
If the brake sinks all the way to the floor , you may need to replace the master cylinder .
Check the alignment .
While driving , take your hands off the steering wheel for a moment and see if the car pulls in one direction .
If it does , you might have some front - end alignment problems .
Check for smoke .
You ’ll need a buddy for this test .
While driving full speed , take your foot off the accelerator completely for a few seconds , and then floor it again .
If you see a blue cloud of smoke , it means oil is burning and the car has internal engine problems that may require an engine overhaul .
Take the car over a bumpy road .
Check out how the car responds to the bumps .
If you feel the bumps a lot , the shocks are probably worn .
Listen .
If you hear rattles , groans , and clunks , that ’s a problem .
Sure , the ailment might be repairable , but why waste your time or money ?
We could devote an entire post to this , so that ’s what we did .
Alright , I know I missed some advice here .
That ’s where you guys come in .
What other used car buying tips do you have ?
What should guys know when buying a used car ?
Share your advice in the comments .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A test explosion on a Boeing 747 suggests that a US Christmas Day flight would have landed safely even if a bomb on board was detonated successfully .
The test plane 's fuselage did not break in the controlled blast , which used the same amount of explosive allegedly carried by Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab .
Mr Abdulmutallab , 23 , has denied attempting to murder 289 people by trying to blow up a flight to Detroit with a device hidden in his underwear .
The experiment was carried out by UN explosives expert Dr John Wyatt and analysed by air accident investigator Captain J Joseph .
How safe are our Skies ?
Detroit Flight 253 is broadcast on BBC Two on Thursday 4 March , at 2100 GMT .
Watch for 7 days after that on BBC iplayer ( UK only ) .
READ MORE : Plane survives ' Flight 253 - style ' bomb blast
Fred Gruenberger may well have been the first blogger on computational topics .
When he was writing , back in the 1970s , there was no RSS , and so he distributed his musings in a monthly newsletter called Popular Computing .
A typical issue was 16 or 20 typewritten pages–stapled , folded , stamped and delivered by mail .
It was always worth reading .
Gruenberger had been working and playing with computers since the 1940s .
For a long stretch he was at the RAND Corporation , the famous think tank in Santa Monica .
Later he taught at Cal State Northridge .
In addition to Popular Computing he was involved in the startup of Datamation magazine and published at least a dozen books .
I have n’t been able to learn much about his later years ; he died in 1998 .
A slogan that appeared in some issues of Popular Computing proclaimed : “ The way to learn computing is to compute . ” I took this advice to heart , although I was hampered by a total lack of hardware .
Later on I acquired a programmable calculator , which helped on some of the problems and exercises .
The problem reproduced above appeared in the December 1976 issue of Popular Computing ( Vol. 4 , No. 12 ) .
At the time , I made no attempt to work this one out , but evidently the problem seemed interesting enough to be worth filing away .
When I came upon the old clipping recently , I gave it a closer look and realized I have no idea how to answer Gruenberger ’s question , though the impediment now is not lack of hardware .
Gruenberger asks us to trace a planar path whose steps are indexed by the odd integers starting at 3 .
For each number N we turn right 90 degrees before taking a step if N is a prime congruent to 1 mod 6 ; we turn left 90 degrees before moving one unit if N is a prime congruent to − 1 mod 6 ; otherwise we continue straight ahead in whatever direction we happen to be facing .
In his typewriter graphics , Gruenberger plotted the trajectory from N=3 through 97 .
Below I continue the path through N=199 .
But something ’s amiss here .
Gruenberger wrote :
Eventually the path will cross itself , so that the cell containing 111 will also contain 147 .
Similarly , one cell will contain both 91 and 179 .
Those two self - intersections are nowhere to be found in the diagram .
When I first noticed this discrepancy , I assumed I must have made a mistake somewhere .
( This eagerness to blame myself is not mere knee - jerk humility ; I have years of experience to back it up . )
Eventually , though , I concluded that it was Gruenberger who had made the wrong turn .
I believe he mistakenly went left at 127 , as shown in the brown trail below :
The brown continuation of the red path includes the two coincidences mentioned in Gruenberger ’s problem statement .
But the left turn at N=127 is incorrect , because 127 is a prime equal to ( 6×21 ) +1 , and thus it should specify a right turn .
The error is of no great consequence , but it does reveal something interesting : Gruenberger must have been plotting these paths by hand .
Most likely he wrote a program to compute the series of residue classes , then traced out the trajectory on squared paper .
Setting aside this anomaly , Gruenberger was quite right that the path does intersect itself .
Here ’s the trail continued through N=1,001 :
And if that ’s not tangled enough , here ’s what it looks like at N=10,001 :
Gruenberger asks for “ a list of the contents of those cells containing more than one number , arranged in the order of the smallest number in the cell . ”
It ’s not hard to identify some cells that belong on such a list .
The table below includes all multiply - occupied cells discovered when tracing the path up to N=1,001 , sorted as Gruenberger requests :
x y values of N - 11 28 ( 137 337 ) - 15 27 ( 147 683 ) - 16 27 ( 149 349 685 ) - 18 26 ( 155 355 ) - 19 27 ( 159 691 ) - 19 28 ( 161 693 ) - 19 29 ( 163 695 ) - 17 31 ( 171 319 ) - 18 32 ( 175 315 ) - 19 32 ( 177 701 ) - 20 32 ( 179 703 ) - 22 31 ( 185 769 ) - 23 31 ( 187 771 ) - 24 31 ( 189 773 ) - 30 41 ( 245 269 ) - 30 42 ( 247 271 ) - 27 40 ( 281 733 ) - 26 40 ( 283 735 ) - 26 37 ( 289 725 ) - 23 35 ( 299 715 ) - 22 35 ( 301 761 ) - 21 35 ( 303 759 ) - 20 35 ( 305 757 ) - 17 27 ( 351 687 ) - 18 27 ( 353 689 ) - 17 24 ( 361 673 ) - 16 24 ( 363 675 ) - 15 24 ( 365 677 ) - 17 21 ( 379 667 ) - 17 22 ( 381 669 ) - 17 23 ( 383 671 ) - 20 22 ( 391 631 ) - 20 21 ( 393 633 ) - 20 20 ( 395 635 ) - 20 19 ( 397 637 ) - 22 19 ( 401 593 ) - 22 18 ( 403 591 ) - 22 17 ( 405 589 ) - 22 16 ( 407 587 ) - 27 15 ( 419 575 ) - 27 14 ( 421 573 ) - 28 14 ( 423 819 ) - 29 14 ( 425 549 ) - 32 14 ( 431 539 ) - 32 13 ( 433 537 ) - 26 10 ( 563 831 ) - 26 11 ( 565 829 ) - 27 13 ( 571 823 ) - 28 18 ( 607 811 ) - 22 32 ( 707 767 ) 4 - 6 ( 923 971 ) 4 - 7 ( 925 969 ) 4 - 8 ( 927 967 ) 4 - 9 ( 929 989 ) 5 - 9 ( 931 991 )
Is this list the answer to Gruenberger ’s question ?
No , it ’s not , because there ’s no reason to stop at an arbitrary limit such as N=1,001 .
Indeed , the list above is not even a prefix of the complete answer .
The smallest value of N appearing in the list is 137 , but the trail will eventually revisit cells occupied by smaller values of N .
For example , continuing the experiment to N=10,001 reveals a bunch of intersections quite close to the beginning of the path , including a site that ’s visited five times :
x y values of N 1 0 ( 5 1621 ) 1 1 ( 7 1623 ) 2 1 ( 9 4725 ) 3 1 ( 11 1263 ) 3 2 ( 13 1265 ) 5 3 ( 19 1635 ) 6 3 ( 21 1637 ) 7 4 ( 25 7537 ) 7 5 ( 27 7319 7539 ) 7 6 ( 29 7505 7541 ) 6 6 ( 31 1643 7323 7503 7543 ) 6 7 ( 33 1645 7325 ) 6 8 ( 35 1647 7327 ) 6 9 ( 37 1649 7329 )
One point still missing from this list is the origin–the site at x=0 , y=0 , N=3 .
Does the path ever revisit its starting point ?
If so , at what value ( or values ) of N does it come back home ?
Since I do n’t know the answer to this question , I guess I ’ll have to leave it as an exercise for the reader .
I suspect that the problem Gruenberger meant to pose ( or thought he was posing ) was to generate a list of self - intersection sites arranged in their natural order of occurrence –that is , the order in which the crossings are created when you construct the path starting from the origin .
This natural - order list is not at all the same as a list “ arranged in the order of the smallest number in the cell . ”
The natural - order list is easy to generate step by step .
All you need to do is obey the left / right / straight rules , plot the resulting sequence of positions on the xy lattice , and leave behind a trail of breadcrumbs so you can check at each step to see if the site has been visited before .
This task is a matter of straightforward computation–just the kind of assignment that Gruenberger favored .
The natural - order list begins :
x y values of N - 30 41 ( 269 245 ) - 30 42 ( 271 247 ) - 18 32 ( 315 175 ) - 17 31 ( 319 171 ) - 11 28 ( 337 137 ) - 16 27 ( 349 149 ) - 18 26 ( 355 155 ) - 32 13 ( 537 433 ) - 32 14 ( 539 431 ) - 29 14 ( 549 425 ) - 27 14 ( 573 421 )
Thus the prime path first crosses itself when N=269 , a value that shares the same coordinates as N=245 , namely x=−30 , y=41 .
There are 56 such crossings up to N=1,001 , and 112,988 self - intersections up to N=106 .
* * *
There is a wilder , conjectural answer to Gruenberger ’s challenge–which I ’m pretty sure he did not have in mind .
It goes like this : Maybe the complete list of revisited values of N is simply the list of all N .
In other words , maybe the Gruenberger prime path fills up the entire lattice of integers , crossing over itself everywhere many times .
In 1921 George Pólya published a celebrated proof that a random walk on the lattice of integers is recurrent in one or two dimensions , though not in higher dimensions .
Recurrent means that the walk returns to each point along its length with probability 1 , and indeed visits every point in its domain infinitely often .
Is it possible that the prime path is also recurrent ?
Pólya ’s theorem is one of those mind - expanding results that seem impossible on first acquaintance , and then inevitable , and finally just so amazing that you want to go kiss a mathematician .
I have to confess that I ’ve never gotten all the way through Pólya ’s original paper ( it ’s not long , but it ’s in German ) .
On the other hand , I can highly recommend a little book by Peter Doyle and Laurie Snell , Random Walks and Electric Networks , which gives several alternative proofs of the theorem ; it was published in the MAA ’s Carus Monograph series , and there ’s a postprint available on the arXiv .
The key insight underlying Pólya ’s result , as I understand it , is this :
If you never revisit a former home , then you must be spending eternity somewhere else , and you can do that only if your universe has enough somewhere elses that you ’ll never run out of new territories to visit .
Suppose that , some eons after starting your journey , you find yourself at distance r from the origin .
If you ’re living in a one - dimensional universe , then there are just two places you could be at that moment , namely at +r or −r .
It does n’t matter how far you run ; there are still just two points at any given distance from the origin .
In two dimensions , a fugitive at distance r has a little more room to maneuver ; the number of available points grows in proportion to r , forming a circle of radius r.
But this is still not enough room to get lost in .
Only in three dimensions or more is there a nonzero probability of escape .
In three dimensions , the space available at radius r is proportional to r2 .
In this three - dimensional world , the volume of empty space grows faster than a random walker ’s expected distance from home .
What does all this have to do with Gruenberger ’s prime path ?
Well , it ’s no secret that the distribution of prime numbers looks convincingly random–if you look at it in just the right way .
And in particular the distribution of primes in various residue classes , such as 6K+1 and 6K −1 , seems to behave at least approximately like a random variable .
All this suggests we might consider viewing the Gruenberger prime trail as if it were a random walk through the two - dimensional lattice of integers .
Because the space is two - dimensional , it ’s a good guess that the walk should be recurrent .
The original recurrence results of Pólya refer to a simple random walk , where at each step the walker chooses randomly among the available directions and then moves one unit in that direction .
For example , in the two - dimensional lattice of integers there are four possible directions : north , south , east , west .
The simple random walk is not the best model of the Gruenberger process , which is more like a nonreversing random walk–a path where on each step the walker can turn left or turn right or go straight ahead but can never make a 180 - degree about - face .
We can further refine the random - walk model of the Gruenberger process by biasing the choice made at each step to reflect the changing abundance of prime numbers .
Primes grow scarcer as their magnitude increases ; in the vicinity of a given value of N , the probability that a randomly chosen number is prime is approximately 1 / log N. Since the Gruenberger path goes straight for all composite numbers and turns only when N is prime , the trail will have longer and longer straight segments , and rarer turns , as N increases .
A random walk can mimic this behavior by choosing an action at each step according to this logic :
if random ( 1.0 ) > 2/log( N ) then go straight elseif randomboolean ( ) then turn left else turn right
( The proportion of primes is given as 2 / log ( N ) rather than 1 / log ( N ) because the Gruenberger process is defined on odd numbers only , which immediately eliminates half of the composites . )
One way to compare the various kinds of random walks is to measure the root - mean - square displacement –the distance from the origin to the final position of the walker , averaged over many realizations of the random process .
For a simple random walk , the RMS displacement for an N - step walk converges to \( \sqrt {N}\ ) ; for the nonreversing random walk the average displacement is \( \sqrt{2N}\ ) .
The biased random walk based on the distribution of primes also appears to yield an RMS distance proportional to the square root of the number of steps ; numerically the curve looks something like \( \sqrt{ 10 N}\ ) .
I ’m not entirely sure that ’s the true form of the curve , but the geometric details do n’t really make much difference .
If I understand correctly , all three of these random processes should be recurrent in the sense of Pólya .
Does the same reasoning apply to the Gruenberger prime path ?
There are two sides to this question .
The naysayer points out that Pólya ’s theorem applies to random walks , but there ’s nothing truly random about the sequence of primes .
After all , we have a straightforward , deterministic algorithm for generating primes , as well as an efficient algorithm for testing whether any given integer is prime or composite .
The essence of a random process is that every time you run it you get a different result , but there ’s only one sequence of prime numbers , and so the Gruenberger prime path will come out exactly the same every time .
According to this view of things , the kind of probabilistic reasoning that goes into the proof of Pólya ’s recurrence theorem is out of bounds here .
For randomness to make any sense , you need to average over some ensemble of independent instances .
For example , you could average over the 50 salmon - pink paths in the graph below , which represent 50 independent realizations of a biased random walk ; you ca n’t average over the prime path itself ( green ) , because there ’s only that one path .
The yeasayer retorts that a single path is all you need –if the path is infinitely long .
Indeed , the salmon - colored trails above could be interpreted not as 50 distinct runs of a random process but as 50 segments of a single long path , which repeatedly loops around through the point at x=0 , y=0 , wanders off in various directions , and then comes back home yet again .
In essence , everything that could possibly happen in an infinite set of random paths happens somewhere within a single infinite path ; all possible variety is already present there .
I ’m not sure how to settle this dispute between Dr. Yea and Professor Nay .
When an argument hinges on the nature of randomness , the meaning of infinity and patterns in the distribution of the primes , I known I ’m in over my head .
So I ’ll leave that deep question unresolved and say a final word about a lesser curiosity .
In the Gruenberger process , we ’re using the congruence classes of prime numbers mod 6 as a kind of coin flip to decide which way to turn .
Is it a fair coin flip ?
For small values of N , it certainly does n’t look fair :
6x+1 6x−1 primes < 100 11 12 primes < 1000 80 86 primes < 10000 611 616 primes < 100000 4784 4806 primes < 1000000 39231 39265
There ’s a persistent excess of − 1 primes , and the imbalance seems to be getting steadily larger .
As a result , the prime path has a “ winding number ” that reaches 8.5 at N=106 ; that is , the path makes eight and a half net counterclockwise revolutions .
Does the windup continue with still larger N ? I gather that the definitive answer is “ Yes and No . ”
For more see the masterful paper by Andrew Granville and Greg Martin cited above .
[ Correction 2010 - 02 - 19 : reflected the accent on Pólya . ]
Analyzing the Western Conference quarterfinal playoff series between the Detroit Red Wings and the Phoenix Coyotes .
Records :
Coyotes 50 - 25 - 7 , 107 points , fourth seed Western Conference ; Red Wings 44 - 24 - 14 , 102 points , fifth seed Western Conference .
Season series :
Red Wings won 2 - 0 - 2 , the outscoring Coyotes 13 - 11 .
Forwards :
The Coyotes added a couple significant pieces at the trade deadline in Wojtek Wolski and Lee Stempniak , bolstering their offense .
They are young and fast but do n't get a lot of goals from their forwards -- Radim Vrbata led them with 24 and veteran power forward Shane Doan , who plays with Wolski and Matthew Lombardi , scored 18 .
Either of the Red Wings ' top lines ( Johan Franzen - Pavel Datsyuk - Tomas Holmstrom or Valtteri Filppula - Henrik Zetterberg - Todd Bertuzzi ) is capable of carrying them on a given night .
And the third line is more potent since Dan Cleary joined Darren Helm and Patrick Eaves .
ADVANTAGE :
Red Wings
Defensemen :
Phoenix has an underrated , mobile , puck - moving defense that was among the league 's most productive units .
It has good balance on each of the pairings , with Keith Yandle ( 12 goals , 41 points ) teaming with mid-season acquisition Derek Morris and Adrian Aucoin and Ed Jovanovski anchoring different pairings .
The Red Wings have one of best top four in the league ( Nicklas Lidstrom - Brian Rafalski and Niklas Kronwall - Brad Stuart ) .
The third pairing , Andreas Lilja and Jonathan Ericsson , can be mistake - prone , although Ericsson has improved down the stretch .
ADVANTAGE :
Red Wings
Goaltenders :
Jimmy Howard has been remarkably consistent since taking over the starting job in November .
He 'll make his playoff debut , but he 's mature ( 26 ) , experienced ( four years with Grand Rapids ) and confident ( 37- 15 - 10 , 2.26 goals - against average , .924 save percentage ) and should n't let the pressure get to him .
The 6 - foot - 3 Ilya Bryzgalov ( 42-20 -6 , 2.29 GAA ) also was among the league leaders in most categories .
He has the edge in experience , going 9 - 5 in the playoffs with Anaheim in 2006 and 2007 .
ADVANTAGE :
Coyotes
Special teams :
The Red Wings improved dramatically on the penalty kill ( ninth in NHL ) due mainly to grinders Eaves , Helm and Drew Miller .
Their power play features two units capable of scoring and is better than its No. 10 ranking because several key elements were missing much of the season .
The Coyotes are strong on the PK ( sixth ) , but their power play is the third - worst in the league .
ADVANTAGE :
Red Wings
Coaches :
Dave Tippett did a marvelous job with all the distractions and turmoil surrounding the franchise , guiding the team to a franchise - best record and might win the Jack Adams Award as the top coach .
By the same token , this might have been Babcock 's best coaching job , given the depleted lineup he had to dress the first three - quarters of the season .
ADVANTAGE :
Red Wings
Khan 's prediction :
Red Wings in six .
Disappointment is getting to be a staple of springtime in New Jersey .
For the third year in a row , the Devils are heading home after a first - round loss in which they were the higher seed .
Early vacation No. 3 was guaranteed on Thursday night when the Philadelphia Flyers wrapped up their Eastern Conference Quarterfinal series in five games with a 3 - 0 victory at the Prudential Center .
The Devils were outplayed throughout the series in every department .
Journeyman goaltender Brian Boucher was better than future Hall of Famer Martin Brodeur , the Flyers competed harder 5 - on - 5 and had a huge edge on special teams .
They won Thursday 's game even without two of their top offensive players -- Jeff Carter and Simon Gagne , both of whom will have foot surgery .
" We did n't play playoff hockey , " a disappointed coach Jacques Lemaire said after the Atlantic Division regular - season champions were bounced by the seventh - seeded Flyers .
" Philadelphia did a lot better job in that department .
" There are not 10 ways to play in the playoffs .
There is one way .
That 's the way you have to play , and we did n't play that way .
" Brodeur was n't horrible , but he allowed 15 goals on 126 shots .
That was nearly twice as many as Boucher , who surrendered only eight on the same number .
" I just do n't believe it .
It 's kind of tough to digest , " Brodeur said of the Devils ' latest first - round upset loss , which followed a seven - game loss to Carolina last year and a five - gamer to the New York Rangers in 2008 .
" We have a heck of a team here , but for whatever reason , we did n’t get to the level we need to play at in the playoffs .
It ’s disappointing .
" There were a lot of good things that happened this season , and we can't forget that .
But we 're paid to play in the playoffs and have success .
That 's what people remember .
This is three years in a row that we have n't accomplished nothing .
We thought it was really disappointing losing Game 7 ( last year ) .
Losing Game 5 is hard .
" Devils captain Jamie Langenbrunner said losing the series after earning the second seed was a major disappointment .
" We had a lot of good pieces , " he said , " but for whatever reason we just did n't put it together the way we needed to .
We showed spurts where we did some good things , but we did n't win the games in the areas we needed to .
" The biggest area was special teams .
The Flyers gave the Devils 32 power plays -- more than six a game -- during the series , but New Jersey was able to score just four times .
Philadelphia went 8 - for - 29 , including two in the clinching game .
Brodeur said special teams were the biggest difference .
" It became a special - teams type of series , " Brodeur said .
" Their power play worked really well and ours did n't .
Our PK did n't work as well , and theirs worked well .
Just look at the special teams and you 'll see why we 're not playing any more . "
Ilya Kovalchuk , the Devils ' major midseason acquisition , was among the most disappointed after coming up a loser in only the second playoff series in his NHL career .
"
It 's embarrassing , " he said .
" We had a great team , but they outplayed us totally .
We did not deserve to win .
I do n’t think we were outhustled , but they scored at the right time , and our power play did n't get the job done .
" Any questions about the Devils ' future begin with Kovalchuk , who is scheduled to become an unrestricted free agent on July 1 .
Atlanta traded him to New Jersey after he turned down a long - term , big - money deal for more money than the Devils are expected to be willing to pay .
" I love it here , " he said when asked if he wanted to come back .
" It 's a great organization .
I appreciate that ( GM ) Lou ( Lamoriello ) gave me a chance to play here .
It was a great experience .
I played with some great players .
I loved it .
" We all know it 's a business .
I 'm open for everything . "
Pro-imperialist Global Tamil Forum inaugurated at British Parliament
By Athiyan Silva and Antoine Lerougetel
27 March 2010
The Global Tamil Forum ( GTF ) , a new organization that purports to be the “ authentic voice ” of the Tamil Diaspora — that is , of the hundreds of thousands of Tamils who were forced to flee to Europe , North America , India and elsewhere by the racist war mounted by the Sri Lankan state — held its inaugural meeting at the British Parliament last month .
The GTF ’s choice of venue was no happenstance .
The February 24th conference had the blessings of the entire British political establishment and of the US government .
British Prime Minster Gordon Brown met with representatives of the GTF .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband , the Conservative “ shadow ” foreign secretary William Hague , and his Liberal Democrat counterpart , Ed Davery , addressed the GTF conference .
Conservative Party leader David Cameron and Robert Blake , the current US Secretary of State for South and Central Asia and a former US ambassador to Sri Lanka , sent greetings .
Reverend Jesse Jackson , who was introduced as “ President Obama ’s friend , ” gave a speech welcoming the GTF ’s founding .
The GTF , as its eager pursuit of the favor of US and British imperialism attests , speaks not for the Tamil masses , but for the corrupt and servile Tamil bourgeoisie , which is always ready to impose unlimited sacrifices upon the people in order to further its own venal interests .
The GTF has been formed by émigré organizations previously aligned with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , which collapsed last year following the overrunning of its separatist enclave by the Sri Lankan military .
These include the British Tamil Forum , La Maison du Tamil Eelam ( France ) , the Canadian Tamil Congress , and the Swiss Tamil Forum .
Like the LTTE , the GTF advances a nationalist program for the creation of an independent capitalist state and is openly courting the favour of the Western powers .
The US , Britain , France , and the other European Union powers provided the Colombo regime with critical military and political support in its war of extermination against the LTTE , a war that climaxed with the Sri Lankan army inflicting horrific casualties on defenceless civilians and herding hundreds of thousands of Tamils into internment camps .
Now , however , these very same powers are cynically expressing alarm about the human rights violations committed by the Sri Lankan government and military in the war ’s final stages and about the democratic rights of the Tamil minority in Sri Lanka .
Behind this shift lies Washington ’s and London ’s predatory geo-political interests — its concern that under President Mahinda Rajapakse Sri Lanka has drifted too far into the orbit of China .
They are seeking to use the plight of the Tamils as a bargaining chip , as a means of pressuring Colombo to be more attentive to their interests .
And the GTF is clearly eager to act as their cat ’s paw .
Pro-LTTE web sites have hailed the imperialist patronage for the GTF .
They have gleefully published photographs of British Prime Minister Brown , Foreign Secretary Miliband and Conservative frontbencher Hague with GTF conference delegates .
“ This is a great support to us , ” exalted the GTF ’s president , the professor and Roman Catholic priest S.J. Emanuel .
“ The British Government more than any other government in the world , knows our history .
This is adequate enough to appreciate our situation . ”
With these trite phrases Emanuel seeks to ingratiate himself with the British government and capitalist elite , absolving them of their responsibility for sowing , during a century and a half of colonial rule , enmity between the Tamil and Sinhalese people as part of their “ divide and rule ” strategy and of their continuing participation in the imperialist exploitation of the island and region .
According to the Sri Lankan government , Britain is the island ’s third biggest foreign investor with more than 200 British - based firms having invested some $ 429 million .
The elements now regrouping round the GTF previously sought to achieve their reactionary project of a “ self - governing nation of Tamil Eelam ” by applying pressure on the Sri Lankan government through armed struggle , while appealing for support from India and the imperialist powers .
They were , and are , hostile to and utterly incapable of making any appeal to the Sinhalese working class and toilers to come to the defence of the rights of the Tamil people as part of a struggle against the communal , capitalist Sri Lankan state .
Last May Day , when hundreds of thousands of French workers demonstrated against the Sarkozy government ’s cuts in social expenditure , and the loss of jobs and mounting poverty , the LTTE supporters once again demonstrated where their class sympathies lie .
They participated in the demonstrations carrying pictures of Obama , Brown , Sarkozy and Germany ’s Angela Merkel , along with banners saying “ Help us . ”
At the same time they threatened WSWS supporters distributing leaflets calling for an end to the war on the basis of the unity of the Sri Lankan working class on a socialist and internationalist programme .
The failure of the LTTE ’s perspective has obliged the Tamil bourgeoisie and their nationalist petty bourgeois followers to change tactics .
The GTF , according to its founding document , adheres to “ democracy and non-violence ” and to “ the principles of emancipation promoted by Mahatma Gandhi , Nelson Mandela and Martin Luther King ” in struggling for a “ self - governing nation of Tamil Eelam . ”
The British and US governments are welcoming this change , deeming it as a pledge that the GTF will work within the existing capitalist structures internationally and in Sri Lanka .
Significantly , the Tamil National Alliance , the parliamentary party previously aligned with the LTTE , supported the candidacy of General Fonseka , who as head of the Sri Lankan army directed the war in its final years , in January ’s presidential election , on the grounds that this war criminal was the lesser evil to Rajapakse .
The vast majority of Tamils living in the Tamil - majority north and east rejected this reactionary perspective and refused to vote in the election .
The support lavished on the GTF at its founding by the British political establishment and Obama administration indicates that they view it as a potentially very useful tool in pressuring the Sri Lankan government and Colombo ’s Sinhalese bourgeois elite to restrict China ’s influence on the island .
However , neither Brown nor Blake indicated any support for the GTF ’s call for a separate state .
The US and European imperialist powers share India ’s concern that the creation of a separate state of Eelam could open up a Pandora ’s Box of separatist demands across an already volatile South Asian region and that this instability could adversely affect their interests .
Speaking at the GTF ’s inaugural meeting , Miliband said , “ I want to commend very , very strongly your decision to , not just to support non-violence , but to advocate non-violence . ”
He then went on to suggest that the “ peace process ” in Northern Ireland could serve as an example for the Tamils .
The British foreign secretary was clearly canvassing for a power - sharing agreement similar to the one Tony Blair constructed for the British enclave .
Under this agreement , sectarian divisions have been institutionalised as a means of dividing the working class and maintaining imperialist rule .
Nervous about the emergence of the GTF , the Sri Lankan government strongly criticized the support extended it by Miliband and Brown .
The government convened a press conference to condemn the GTF as an LTTE front and Foreign Minister Rohitha Bogollagama summoned the acting British High Commissioner to administer a “ strong protest ” against the British foreign minister ’s participation in the GTF meeting .
More than 200 supporters of Rajapakse ’s Sri Lankan Freedom Party and the racist Nationalist Freedom Front of Vimal Viravansa staged a demonstration in Colombo with pictures portraying Miliband and Brown as devils with tiger stripes .
The GTF serves to perpetuate the reactionary separatist perspective of the LTTE .
It also works to divide Tamil workers and youth in the diaspora from their class brothers and sisters by urging them to place confidence in and seek the support of the very big - business governments that are imposing the burden of the world capitalist crisis on the working class as a whole and whipping up anti-immigrant prejudice .
Tamil workers and youth in the diaspora should reject this pro-imperialist , communal organization .
Their future , including quality jobs and citizenship rights , and the democratic rights of the Tamil people living in the Sri Lanka , will only be secured through the international mobilization of the working class against capitalism .
As an essential component of this struggle the Socialist Equality Party of Sri Lanka fights to mobilize the working class and toilers — Sinhalese , Tamil and Muslim — against capitalist rule and for the United Socialist States of Lanka and Eelam .
These authors also recommend :
SEP manifesto for the 2010 Sri Lankan general election
For socialist policies and a workers ’ and farmers ’ government
[ 25 March 2010 ]
Sri Lankan election : Tamil party splits in four
[ 3 March 2010 ]
Behind Sri Lanka ’s political infighting : US - China rivalry
[ 29 January 2010 ]
A trio of executives from the world 's largest coal companies told Congress yesterday their industry is providing the fuel of the future , but the officials remained divided on several key policy questions .
Under scrutiny from Chairman Ed Markey ( D - Mass . ) and other Democrats on the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming , -- and under fire from protesters who briefly disrupted the hearing -- top executives from Peabody Energy Corp. , Arch Coal Inc. and Rio Tinto PLC all called coal an irreplaceable source of energy in the United States and abroad .
They stood united on the need for federal support for carbon capture and storage technology that would prevent emissions from coal - fired power plants from entering the atmosphere .
" In the developed world , we often hear that carbon capture and storage technology will be necessary in order for coal to continue to be used , " said Arch Chairman and CEO Steven Leer .
" Nothing could be further from reality .
The facts are that the world will continue to use coal , period -- massively and in rapidly growing volumes .
The question is not whether global coal use will continue and grow , but rather , whether emissions from coal will grow . "
To move carbon capture technology forward , the federal government should assume responsibility for carbon storage and fund emissions reductions research , said Peabody CEO Greg Boyce .
The technology could be ready for commercial - scale use sometime in the 2020s , Boyce said .
But the consensus broke down over carbon regulation .
Boyce blasted the House - passed energy and climate bill ( H.R. 2454 ( pdf ) ) that would put a price on carbon emissions .
Congress should wait until carbon capture and storage technology is ready before it regulates carbon , Boyce said .
Other companies took a more conciliatory stance on the bill .
Rio Tinto is a founding member of the U.S. Climate Action Partnership , a coalition of businesses and environmental organizations that supports action to cut carbon emissions .
The coalition was largely supportive of H.R. 2454 .
" We will either participate in the shaping of policy or we will have the policy thrust upon us , " Rio Tinto executive Preston Chiaro told his colleagues and lawmakers .
" Our own experience as a company has been that constructive participation in the policy process can yield positive outcomes on the issues which are most important to us . "
Markey , a principal author of H.R. 2454 , defended his bill as a " lifeline " for coal , noting it provided $ 60 billion dollars to help make carbon capture and storage a reality .
A schism over science
Markey also pushed the executives on whether they believe human activities are responsible for global warming .
Rio Tinto has recognized that human carbon emissions are causing global warming since the mid-1990s , Chiaro said .
But Boyce , whose company is pushing U.S. EPA to revisit its determination that carbon emissions pose a danger to human health , would not make a similar declaration .
Boyce said carbon levels in the atmosphere have raised social concern and so the company is exploring carbon storage technology , but he declined to say that human actions are causing global warming .
A war on whom ?
Committee Republicans and Ohio Coal Association spokesman Michael Carey said the carbon proposals , in concert with tighter water quality rules for Appalachian surface mining , amounted to a " war on coal " being waged by the Obama administration .
" The coal industry knows what Congress and the administration is doing , " Carey said .
" These workers and communities wo n't soon forget the increased taxes and restrictions forced upon us . "
The accusations outraged Rep. Jay Inslee ( D - Wash . ) , who asked how the industry could accuse Democrats of attacking them when the climate bill contained $ 60 billion in industry support .
" Emissions from your industry are destroying significant parts of this one and only little planet we 've got and that is a scientific fact , " Inslee said .
After the hearing , Inslee said he thought the coal industry 's opposition to the Waxman - Markey climate bill had dulled slightly .
" There at least seems to be a recognition that legislation is coming , " he said .
Carey saw it differently .
" The coal industry will continue to oppose misguided climate change legislation and costly regulations that hurt not just our own nation , but the rest of the world as well , " Carey said .
" We stand by our principals ... as we always have and as we always will . "
Meanwhile , five protesters clad in surgical masks disrupted the hearing by throwing lumps of coal in front of the coal executives .
" Coal is dirty .
Coal will always be dirty , " shouted one of the protesters , who were organized by Campus Progress , the youth wing of the Center for American Progress .
The protestors left the room before Capitol Police officers arrived ( E&ENews PM , April 14 ) .
Copyright 2010 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
We live in the world full of serpents , overlook things for seconds and you are bitten to death .
Trojans , viruses , malware are everywhere .
They find new ways to enter our sacred computers some way or the other .
Talking about scenarios where hacker had physical access , traditionally , lame Autorun based USBs could install unwanted programs on your PCs the moment they are plugged , but those are easy to get rid of : Switch off autoplay .
What if a USB uses a cross- platform native profile to inject malicious programs into computers ? —
It becomes unstoppable .
One such device was demoed at this year ’s Shmoocon , it ’s called “ Phantom Keystroker ” .
It ’s a simple USB dongle form factor device , which when plugged to a computer uses USB HID class to identify itself as a Human interface mouse and keyboard from a legit manufacturer and start execution of instructions , which would perhaps annoy the user by flashing LEDs on keyboards , and make the mouse behave as drunkard .
Since USB HID does n’t need any drivers across all popular platforms ( Linux , Windows , Mac OS ) , it just works everywhere .
Hak5 team has extrapolated the idea with USB HID device to allow executing terminal commands quickly , without drawing as much attention from the user who sits in front of it .
The user just turns his head for couple of seconds and the hacker plugs in their programmable USB key stroke dongle , Boom !
All sorts of command could be run .
Why this behavior is Not considered “ Bad ” by Current Anti-viruses
When we plug - in such USB HID device , it acts just like any other USB peripheral .
It could identify itself as aLogitech HID keyboard , or a HID compliant Mouse .
The moment it identifies itself , your computer assumes its you who is typing / clicking and has no idea about “ these devices ” being automated .
Daren and Snubs from Hak5 had been working on such a project they call as “ USB Rubber Ducky ” with a soft duck attached at the Dongle .
How this can be done ?
It could start with a cool Arduino hack , but implementing a USB HID with the standard Arduino is a bit of a pain ( atleast for me ) .
The alternative way ( read as “ Better ” ) is to use Teensy , which lets you program in C , or the easier Arduino development environment , and already supported USB HID out of the box !
With the price tag of $ 18 , its ultra- affordable for enthusiasts and nightmare for potential victims .
When teensy is interfaced with a flash card , it could store multiple programs , which can then be dynamically loaded instead of reflashing the device everytime when you need to perform a different task .
Also , one can store a large number of files / scripts that let you do more .
Watch the Video , from Hak5 : ( video automatically starts from 12:xx , where main talk starts )
The possiblities are endless .
You can create a CRON Job or schedule events to happen in a later time .
e.g. running a script at a time in the future when it downloads and install a keylogger or perhaps damage / steal local files .
Or it could be an instantaneous Auto - job that copies all executables from the USB flash for running on the local computer .
What other Bad things are Possible :
Automate Brute - force Admin passwords on Windows server ( Windows 2003 server does n’t lockout when passwords are entered from keyboard , in our case USB HID device )
Brute - force BIOS passwords
Fake a BSOD and do anything in the background .
Before User reboots PC ( i.e. couple of seconds ) damage is probably done .
Add a user to the box or the domain . ( this is nasty )
Run a program that sets up a permanent back door .
Copy files to flash card
Go to a website they have a cookie for , and do some sort of transaction .
Possibilities are endless , use your wild imagination .
How about Good things ?
Apart from being an un-avoidable bad element , it can be a great pen-tester ’s device and even an automation device .
It could :
Automate Pen-testing tasks
Perform certain tasks much faster than you can type , and that too without typos .
Schedule tasks
Potential Shortcomings ?
There is one disadvantage , though its not big .
The first time you plugin the device , it takes few seconds ( 5 - 20s ) to identify HID device and load the drivers .
Though this is fully automated by all operating systems , this delay varies from OS to OS .
You can contribute
Obviously , there can be other good reasons why this project should go futher .
If you ’ve some brilliant ideas and happen to be a strong C , Arduino programmer , you can contribute to this project by filling a form at hak5 to register to receive a Free USB Rubber Ducky dev kit .
Devkits will be delivered via via snail - mail around the world .
Related : Arduino Alternative : Android based DIY projects
We write about Google , Twitter , Security , Open Source , Programming , Web , Apple , iPhone , Android and latest in Tech @taranfx on Twitter or by subscribing below :
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
A court decision on the granting of a special exemption to the Good Friday pub closure has been deferred to Thursday .
Judge Tom O'Donnell made the decision following an application by pub owners in the Limerick Distrct Court today .
The judge said he had a considerable amount of case law to consider as part of the application .
The current licensing laws prevent pubs from opening on Good Friday and the State is objecting to the pub owners ' application .
Thomond Park stadium is to host a Magners League rugby match between Munster and Leinster on Good Friday .
The pub owners say they could lose up to € 6 m in trade brought into the city by the sell - out match .
LAST month , on the same day The New York Times praised Google for standing up to censorship in China , a sister newspaper , The International Herald Tribune , apologized to Singapore ’s rulers and agreed to pay damages because it broke a 1994 legal agreement and referred to them in a way they did not like .
The rulers had sued for defamation 16 years ago , saying a Herald Tribune Op - Ed column had implied that they got their jobs through nepotism .
The paper wound up paying $ 678,000 and promising not to do it again .
But in February , it named Lee Kuan Yew , the founding prime minister , and his son , Lee Hsien Loong , the prime minister now , in an Op - Ed article about Asian political dynasties .
After the Lees objected , the paper said its language “ may have been understood by readers to infer that the younger Mr. Lee did not achieve his position through merit .
We wish to state clearly that this inference was not intended . ”
The Herald Tribune , wholly owned by The New York Times Company , apologized for “ any distress or embarrassment ” suffered by the Lees .
The statement was published in the paper and on the Web site it shares with The Times .
Some readers were astonished that a news organization with a long history of standing up for First Amendment values would appear to bow obsequiously to an authoritarian regime that makes no secret of its determination to cow critics , including Western news organizations , through aggressive libel actions .
Singapore ’s leaders use a local court system in which , according to Stuart Karle , a former general counsel of The Wall Street Journal , they have never lost a libel suit .
A group of Los Angeles medical marijuana collectives that will be required to shut down under the city ’s new ordinance has sued to prevent the law from being enforced , alleging that it “ arbitrarily and capriciously ” makes their operations illegal .
In two lawsuits filed late Tuesday , 21 collectives challenged the City Council ’s decision to allow only those dispensaries that registered with the city in 2007 to stay open .
The dispensaries that filed the suits have valid city business licenses but did not register by the deadline or opened afterward .
“ We ’re not really asking for much , ” said David Welch , one of three attorneys representing the dispensaries .
“ All we ’re asking for is to be given due process and to be treated equally . ”
The collectives are hoping to win a preliminary injunction before the ordinance takes effect in June to keep the city from denying them the chance to apply to operate dispensaries .
The city ’s ordinance caps the number of dispensaries at 70 , but allows previously registered dispensaries to stay open .
Frank Mateljan , a spokesman for the Los Angeles city attorney ’s office , said its lawyers have not reviewed the suits , but added , “ We ’re ready to defend the city ’s ordinance . ”
One of the dispensaries is Rainforest Collective in Mar Vista .
Dan Halbert , the operator , tried to qualify a referendum to overturn the ordinance but failed to collect enough signatures .
“ I ’m just trying to use our democratic process to establish our rights , ” he said .
“ We just want an opportunity to be involved . ”
In the lawsuit , the dispensaries challenge the provision that gives priority to dispensaries that registered in 2007 under a moratorium imposed on new stores .
The dispensaries allege that the moratorium expired after 45 days because the council illegally extended it .
A local judge agreed with that contention in another case .
“ There is no rational basis for the discrimination , ” Welch said .
The dispensaries also allege that the ordinance denies them due process by eliminating their property rights , which they say the city acknowledged when it granted them business licenses , required expensive remodeling , collected taxes and took no steps to shut them down .
The basic argument , Welch said , is , “ You told me I could do it , or at least licensed me , I relied on your word , and you ca n’t take my investment away without providing me with due process . ”
Welch said he expects to add at least four more dispensaries by next week , but has turned down many others .
“ A lot of people do n’t qualify for the suit , ” he said , “ because they tried to hide what they are doing . ”
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
By Kerry McDermott
BBC News
In the summer of 2009 ducks - or more specifically duck houses - were a touchy subject in Westminster .
But several months later one duck making regular appearances around London is proving to be a hit with the public .
Mad Cap'n
Tom wants to be the first pirate in parliament
This duck is of the toy variety , and attached to a tricorn hat worn by Mad Cap'n Tom - one of the more eccentric parliamentary candidates standing for election in England on 6 May .
While the main political parties have clashed over the economic recovery and electoral reform , Cap'n Tom is hoping his pledge to scrap tax on rum will help him become the first pirate elected to parliament .
Unorthodox it may be , but Cap'n Tom 's manifesto has helped him to win almost 5,000 supporters on the social networking site Facebook , along with nearly 2,000 followers on Twitter .
His other policies include training schoolchildren in " swordsmanship and gunnery " , and fixing broken Britain by handing out free rolls of duct tape .
' Snowball 's chance '
The pirate , who is standing in the Cities of London and Westminster constituency , has said he would use money raised from a 50 % levy on all downloads of Cheryl Cole songs to fund his plans .
" I ca n't stand her music , " he explained .
Despite his growing following Cap'n
Tom rates his chances of success in the safe Conservative seat as : " Somewhere ' twixt a snowball 's chance in hell an ' zero . "
But a pragmatic outlook has not stopped the pirate - real name Tom Scott - taking time out from sailing the high seas to campaign in the constituency , where he said the response had been " wonderful " .
" I be gettin ' smiles an ' laughs from all round th' constituency , " he said .
" Except in the City .
Somehow bankers an ' other folks in suits not be appreciatin ' a bloke wi' a duck on his head . "
' Bono for pope '
Other fringe candidates include Lord Biro , the sole representative of the Bus Pass Elvis Party .
Dave Bishop said he was confident of getting at least two votes Lord Biro - also known as Dave Bishop - is standing in Kettering , where he is hoping to win over voters with pledges ranging from preserving public lavatories to backing U2 frontman Bono for pope .
Mr Bishop , who dons a pair of Elvis - style sunglasses when out and about in the constituency , is no stranger to campaigning , having previously stood for election in 1997 , 2001 and 2005 .
" I 've been out campaigning every day , " he said .
" I 've taken some abuse , but I 've had quite a lot of laughs as well .
A lot of people seem to like my Bono for pope policy . "
When asked whether he was confident of support at the ballot box Mr Bishop said : " I 'm not sure to be honest .
I 've definitely got two votes as far as I know .
" I think the fringe candidates will be squeezed out because all the focus is on the three main parties . "
Elsewhere across England John Crockford is standing as the Fancy Dress Party candidate in Dartford .
The Monster Raving Loony Party is also fielding candidates in 25 English constituencies , including Baron Von Thunderclap in Sussex Mid , and Monkey the Drummer in Kingston and Surbiton .
Candidates announced for Cities of London and Westminster are : Independent : Mad Cap'n Tom ; Green Party : Derek Chase ; Independent : Dennis Delderfield ; Conservative : Mark Field ; Pirate Party UK : Jack Nunn ; English Democrats : Frank Roseman ; Labour : David Rowntree ; Liberal Democrat : Naomi Smith ; UK Independence Party : Paul Weston .
Candidates announced for Kettering are : Bus Pass Elvis Party : Dave Bishop ; English Democrats : Derek Hilling ; Conservative : Philip Hollobone ; Liberal Democrat : Chris Nelson ; Labour : Phil Sawford ; British National Party : Clive Skinner .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Chimpanzees deal with death in much the same way as humans , studies suggest .
Scientists in Scotland filmed a group of chimps grooming and caressing an elderly female who died , and remaining subdued for several days afterwards .
Other researchers saw females carrying around the bodies of their dead offspring .
Both studies are reported in the journal Current Biology .
The scientists say this suggests other species , particularly apes , are more like humans than we might think .
We found several similarities between the chimpanzees ' behaviour toward the dying female and their behaviour after her death , and some reactions of humans
James Anderson
Stirling University " Several phenomena have at one time or another been considered as setting humans apart from other species : reasoning ability , language ability , tool use , cultural variation , and self - awareness , for example , " said James Anderson from Stirling University , who led the research team looking at the death of the elderly female .
" But science has provided strong evidence that the boundaries between us and other species are nowhere near to being as clearly defined as many people used to think .
" The awareness of death is another such psychological phenomenon . "
Keeping close Staff at Blair Drummond Safari and Adventure Park in Stirlingshire used video cameras to document the death of a terminally ill female named Pansy , believed to be more than 50 years old .
When she became lethargic in the days leading up to her death , other members of the group became quieter than usual and stayed with her at nights , grooming her more than they did normally .
After her death , her daughter stayed near the body for an entire night , even though she had never slept on that platform before .
All of the group were subdued for several days afterwards , and avoided the place where she had died , spending long hours grooming each other .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
In the second study , led by scientists at Oxford University , two mothers living in the wild at the Bossou site in Guinea were seen to carry around the bodies of their dead offspring - one of them for nearly 10 weeks .
This behaviour has been seen once before at the site , in 1992 ; and the researchers suggest it may be learned .
During the period , the babies ' bodies slowly mummified as they dried out .
The bereaved mothers used tools to fend off flies .
Religious beliefs " Our observations confirm the existence of an extremely powerful bond between mothers and their offspring which can persist , remarkably , even after the death of the infant , " said Oxford 's Dora Biro .
" They further call for efforts to elucidate the extent to which chimpanzees understand and are affected by the death of a close relative or group - mate .
" This would both have implications for our understanding of the evolutionary origins of human perceptions of death and provide insights into the way chimpanzees interpret the world around them . "
Chimpanzees and humans share about 99 % of their DNA , and are so closely related that some academics have suggested they should be given rights similar to human rights .
Dr Anderson suggests the treatment of death marks another similarity .
" We found several similarities between the chimpanzees ' behaviour toward the dying female and their behaviour after her death , and some reactions of humans when faced with the demise of an elderly group member or relative , even though chimpanzees do not have religious beliefs or rituals surrounding death , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Notorious party boy Corey Worthington appeared to have met his match after more than 60,000 Facebook users invited themselves to fellow Australian Kate Miller 's birthday party .
But the joke may in fact be on the gatecrashers as the entire meme - and Miller herself - has now been revealed to be the brainchild of Adelaide - based serial online prankster David Thorne .
A screen grab from the original Kate 's Party Facebook event .
The web kicked into gear after learning of the Facebook event " Kate 's Birthday Party " , which was billed as a small gathering of friends in an apartment but , crucially , the event was not closed , so anyone could invite new attendees .
The Facebook page for the May 1 event was created on Saturday and garnered 5000 attendees in 10 minutes , growing to 60,000 overnight .
By the time the group was shut down by Facebook there were a further 180,000 people who had been invited but not yet confirmed .
The Oberoi was one of a number of targets in the November 2008 attacks
The Oberoi hotel , one of the best - known landmarks in Mumbai , has reopened 18 months after being badly damaged when militants stormed the Indian city .
Nearly 170 people died in the attack , more than 30 of them Oberoi staff and guests of the luxury hotel .
Many rooms were destroyed as the gunmen rampaged through the hotel , firing indiscriminately and setting off explosions .
The hotel has now been refurbished at a cost of $ 35 m ( £ 23 m ) .
Fully booked
Ahead of the opening , the BBC's Ben Richardson visited the hotel and found uniformed staff gliding over a new marble floor , golden tiles being tapped into place and cream paint touched up .
The hotel was at the centre of the deadly attacks on the city on 26 November 2008 .
The Oberoi became a bullet - ridden and fire - damaged shell .
But now it is the sound of a bright red grand piano that fills the atrium , not the ring of gunshots and explosions , our correspondent says .
The Oberoi hopes that its fresh rooms will attract its old clientele , as well as adding some new faces .
It also hopes that room occupancy should soon be up to levels seen before the attacks of 2008 .
Its restaurants are fully booked for this opening weekend - early signs that many clients are happy to come back , our correspondent says .
Lehman Brothers was cooking the books far more than we ever imagined , if the allegations of bankruptcy court examiner Anton Valukus can be trusted .
At the height of the financial crisis in 2008 , Lehman used what Valukas describes as an " accounting gimmick " to make it appear as if it had off - loaded risky assets and reduced its balance sheet .
The gimmick was known inside of Lehman as a " Repo 105 . "
In an ordinary repo transaction , Lehman would raise cash by selling assets with a promise to buy them back later .
It 's a common form of short - term financing .
And because it was really a financing rather than a sale , the assets remained on Lehman 's balance sheet .
But in a Repo 105 , Lehman would treat the transaction as a genuine sale and take the risky assets off its books .
Apparently , accounting rules permitted this because the assets valued at 105 % or more of the cash recieved .
Lehman never disclosed it was doing these transactions .
This was no small thing .
In the first and second quarters of 2008 , Lehman Brothers used the Repo 105 deals to reduce its balance sheet by $ 50 billion .
That had a large and material effect on its leverage ratio , bringing it down from 13.9 to 12.1 .
Here 's perhaps the most damning quote from the report ( via Michael Corkley at the WSJ ) :
“ Lehman ’s own accounting personnel described Repo 105 transactions as an “ accounting gimmick ” and a “ lazy way of managing the balance sheet as opposed to legitimately meeting balance sheet targets at quarter end . ”
Lehman used Repo 105 “ to reduce balance sheet at the quarter end . ”
In 2008 , Lehman knew that net leverage numbers were critical to the rating agencies and to counterparty confidence .
Its ability to deleverage by selling assets was severely limited by the illiquidity and depressed prices of the assets it had accumulated . ”
Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge has a great discussion of the report , which runs over 2,000 pages .
It 's useful to remember the context in which this book - cooking took place .
At the time , Lehman was involved in a very public battle with David Einhorn .
Einhorn had given a detailed analysis of Lehman at the Ira Sohn conference in May of 2008 that hammered Lehman for its " accounting ingenuity . "
( You can download a pdf of his presentation here .
Months before that Einhorn made a less - damning presenation that argued that Lehman needed to delever and raise capital .
As time went on his view of Lehman 's health got more negative . )
As it turns out , Einhorn was underestimating how badly Lehman was manipulating its balance sheet .
Slide 1 of 17 ,
On Sunday in Cooperstown , N.Y. , the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum inducted by special election 17 stars and team owners who predate modern professional baseballs integration in the mid-1940s .
Go to Article At left , Ray Brown , 1908 - 1965
