Drinking coffee ' will not sober you up ' when drunk
Coffee can cloud your judgement when you 've drunk alcohol , tests found Reaching for a mug of coffee may be the worst thing you can do to try to sober up , a study suggests .
Research on mice indicates the drink may make you feel that you are coming to your senses - but it is only an illusion .
In fact , it makes it harder for people to realise they are under the influence of alcohol .
The study , by Temple University in Philadelphia , appears in the journal Behavioural Neuroscience .
Lead researcher Dr Thomas Gould said : " The myth about coffee 's sobering powers is particularly important to debunk because the co-use of caffeine and alcohol could actually lead to poor decisions with disastrous outcomes .
" People who feel tired and intoxicated after consuming alcohol may be more likely to acknowledge that they are drunk .
Despite the appeal of being able to stay up all night and drink , all evidence points to serious risks associated with caffeine - alcohol combinations
Dr Thomas Gould
Temple University " Conversely , people who have consumed both alcohol and caffeine may feel awake and competent enough to handle potentially - harmful situations , such as driving while intoxicated or placing themselves in dangerous social situations . "
The researchers tested how well adult mice were able to navigate their way round a maze to avoid unpleasant stimuli , such as bright lights and loud noises .
Nasty shocks
The animals were given doses of alcohol and caffeine in various combination , and their performance on the maze was compared to others who were given a neutral saline solution .
Alcohol made the animals more relaxed , but less able to avoid the unpleasant shocks .
Animals given caffeine were little better at navigating around the maze , but were more alert and uptight .
In combination alcohol and caffeine appeared to produce relatively alert , relaxed animals that were still incompetent at sidestepping nasty shocks .
The researchers believe that in humans the combination is likely to make people feel that they are not drunk , when in fact they still are .
The doses of caffeine given to the mice were up to the human equivalent of eight cups of coffee .
Dr Gould said : " The bottom line is that , despite the appeal of being able to stay up all night and drink , all evidence points to serious risks associated with caffeine - alcohol combinations . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Review : DJ Hero ( Wii , XBox 360 , PS3 )
“ DJHero does for the genre what the original Guitar Hero did : satisfy the innovative niche and focus on the core experience of playing music . “
Vitals
Game : DJ Hero
Developer / Publisher : FreeStyle Games for Activision
Released : October 2009
Platforms : Wii , XBox 360 , PS3
I ’m a weekend deejay .
On any given Saturday in the Detroit area , I can be found spinning popular music , hip hop , dance , or even wedding songs .
My turntables are my most prized instruments , and I ’m able to get a crowd to gleefully fill the dance floor for well into the night .
There really is no other thrill like it : controlling the moves , motions , and emotions of people who go absolutely bonkers once you play “ their song . ”
Over the last few years I ’ve been in love with the music rhythm game genre .
There is just something about tapping a plastic guitar pretending to jam away at an epic 7 - minute song while friends sing out of key that keeps me in love with the games .
When DJ
Hero was announced it was easy for me to get excited and say , “ This is going to be for me . ”
Cut to a year later and with a plastic turntable in my hands , I can safely say , “ Yes , this is still for me . ”
There are many aspects of DJ Hero that can be polarizing .
Of these , the two most prudent are the choice of music and the turntable peripheral .
Hip hop & dance - infused mash - ups coupled with a controller that mimics actual “ turntabling ” is new to the gaming world .
To say that this is “ another game ” in the Hero franchise is misleading ; it most definitely is not Guitar Hero with a turntable ( although the game does have modes to utilize the guitar in multiplayer ) .
To put it in plain words , DJ Hero does for the genre what the original Guitar Hero did : satisfy the innovative niche and focus on the core experience of playing music .
And in a game genre where the experience is based on friends duking it out in basements across America , DJ Hero is a welcome departure .
Positives
– Turntablism : Firstly , DJ Hero is a game .
But , with all of the hand swapping , scratching , and sliding motions , the game has much more of a sim element to its design than other rhythm games .
And with enough knobs , sliders , and buttons to confuse the typical gamer the average deejay might feel right at home .
– Niche : DJ
Hero is n’t designed for the masses .
Rather , it ’s designed for those who are already comfortable with deejay equipment , or want to be .
Where other games require mastery of hitting the big , colorful buttons on screen just right DJ Hero allows for a low - level of freedom in mixing .
If I do n’t like one song in a mash - up , I can slide to the other , as long as I hit the note at the right time .
The default no -fail mode is perfect for this , and the ability to select sets of effects can create a new mix each time .
In fact , the game is more about performance than about scoring or perfection .
In a way it pushes for a level of creativity that has n’t really been seen in rhythm games before .
– Music :
The music in DJ Hero is vastly different from most other rhythm games , featuring hip - hop and dance mash - ups and dusted with a few pop and R&B hits .
The sometimes awkward , always intriguing mixes act like an iTunes playlist for the confused college graduate .
With songs and remixes from the likes of Afrika Bambaata , Jay - Z , Eminem , Daft Punk , the Jackson 5 and DJ AM , the soundtrack is phenomenal .
DJ
Hero brings a style of head - bobbing music to gaming that had n’t really been explored before .
– Single Player Mode :
The game focuses heavily on single - player , guiding the gamer through career set lists that open up as stars are collected for positive performances .
All songs are available for a quick play , for those who just want to jam along at a party or do n’t want to sit through a career mode .
The set lists are themed with focuses on retro mash - ups or more modern , Jay - Z & Eminem hits .
The ability to choose a character is nice , and several new ones are opened up along the way , but I ’d still rather recreate my own likeness if possible .
The progression is similar to any other major rhythm game : start off small and work towards giant venues and more equipment until completion of all set lists .
It is n’t actually all that interesting or new , but it does provide a bit of a carrot with its unlockables .
DJ
Hero is founded in single - player , just like the most basic of real deejay experiences , and it ’s fine that way .
– The Turntable : Ahh , here is what the game ’s foundation is built upon .
The turntable peripheral is an exercise in industrial design that more accurately captures the feel of the instrument it is intended to be than the guitars and drums of other games .
Next to the vinyl decks I own , the only real difference is the size ( and the colored buttons , of course ) .
Built solid and with great craftsmanship , the peripheral sits nicely on my lap or the table I use to play it on .
The table rotates well , albeit with an ever - so - slight wobble , and feels like a good direct - drive deck providing consistent spin in either direction .
The FX knob does n’t feel like it can be broken off , and the cross - fader has a good proportion to it .
The matte finish of the mixer is nice , as it hides any dirt or dust fairly well , but comes off fairly plain .
It is a bit devoid of personalization , too , as no stickers or decals came packaged with the game ( you ’ll have to splurge on the Renegade Edition for those ) .
Negatives
– Party Foul :
While there is some multiplayer included in the game , both locally and online , it is limited to one other person and requires either a second $ 120 turntable or a guitar — which only works on limited songs , by the way .
The game is great to listen to at a party , but it definitely is n’t going to start one .
Dueling microphones seem like an obvious choice for an addition , as it would have allowed other players to rap or sing along to the tunes being mixed .
The online multiplayer is broken in that there is rarely ever anyone online to play against .
Perhaps as more copies sell down the line this will ( hopefully ) change .
Until then , it ’s single player all the way .
– Darth Fader :
The cross - fader is great when sliding from all the way left to all the way right and back .
However I found that during the fade spikes it was especially difficult to slide it left and back to center with confidence .
I would often unintentionally over - slide , causing one of the songs to fade out and ending good note streaks .
The game needs to have a bit more freedom in the spikes and positioning of the fader .
– Visuals :
The review copy I received for the Wii looked fine , except for the crowd and venue close - ups that turned into some of the worst pixelation possible .
Upon playing the XBox 360 version , I realized that the crowd did n’t get any better with high - def visuals .
DJ
Hero misses the mark in its presentation .
It tries too much to be a traditional rhythm game and forgets that the player is a completely different kind of person .
Leave the big stadiums and concert halls and focus more on small , secluded and personal clubs .
That ’s where prime deejays like to spin anyways .
The game could have simply gone the route of showing a trippy visualizer with a deejay in front and I would have been happy .
In Conclusion
DJ Hero is almost like a reboot of the Hero franchise : it focuses on core gameplay and the singular experience shared with a turntable instead of building in features .
Deejays especially will have an easier , more enjoyable time with it .
It sells itself well on being something different , yet familiar enough that it can appeal to a rhythm gamer once enough time is given .
With that said , the game is ripe for becoming a cult hit that slowly picks up steam over time .
It reminds me of another rhythm game that started off much the same way , played with a plastic guitar and a pocketful of epic , that went on to rule the gaming world .
This review is based on a review copy of the game and controller for the Nintendo Wii sent from Activision .
The career mode was completed .
Online multiplayer was attempted , but did not work ( no one online to play ) .
A £ 2bn scheme to monitor all electronic communications remains within the Home Office 's financial plans , despite the government postponing the relevant legislation .
The Interception Modernisation Programme ( IMP ) is planned for completion in 2016 , having started in April 2006 , according to a written parliamentary answer from Home Office minister Phil Woolas .
A bill to establish the scheme , which would require communications service providers to greatly increase the data they hold on customers for the benefit of the police and security agencies , has been dropped by the government from this week 's Queen 's Speech .
However , the information from Woolas shows the Home Office does not anticipate that this will delay the IMP , with 2016 as both the original and the current planned date for completion .
The written answer says that IMP 's cost will be up to £ 2bn : " Initial estimates of the implementation costs are up to £ 2bn over a 10 year roll out period .
The running costs will be offset by the phasing out of the costs of current systems . "
The information , a list of all Home Office IT projects worth more than £ 5 m produced in response to a question from Conservative home affairs shadow minister James Brokenshire , also shows that the identity cards for foreign nationals scheme is more than a year late and will cost 30 per cent more than expected .
The scheme , which started in April 2007 , was originally planned for completion in March 2009 at a cost of £ 9.6 m for the IT – a small proportion of its total cost of £ 272 m , according to the last cost report on identity cards .
The IT is now estimated as costing £ 12.4 m , with completion scheduled for August 2010 .
Two other departmental projects are likely to cost more than expected .
The Office for Security and Counter Terrorism 's OSCTNet project will cost £ 20.9 m rather than the planned £ 16.2 m , although £ 2 m is to cover extra users .
It is also late , with delivery planned for March next year rather than September this .
The department 's shared services programme will cost £ 36 m rather than £ 32 m , due to its scope being widened .
However , the Home Office also expects some of its IT projects to come in below budget .
These include e-Borders , the IT for which was planned to cost £ 849.5 m but is now expected to cost £ 827.1 m .
The same is true of the UK Border Agency 's Immigration Casework and Points Based System projects , which are expected to cost £ 366 m and £ 39.3 m respectively , £ 4 m and £ 500,000 cheaper than originally planned .
This article was originally published at Kable .
Kable 's GC weekly is a free email newsletter covering the latest news and analysis of public sector technology .
To register click here .
Governor Deval Patrick yesterday accused Zoo New England officials of creating a false and inflammatory scare with their warning that state budget cuts may force them to close two Greater Boston zoos and euthanize some animals .
“ As a supporter of the zoo and a parent who has visited often , the governor is disappointed to learn that Zoo New England has responded to this difficult but unavoidable budget cut by spreading inaccurate and incendiary information , ’’ Kyle Sullivan , a spokesman for the governor , said in a statement .
And a second Patrick aide emphatically ruled out the killing of any animals .
“ There will be no consideration given to euthanizing any animals under the state ’s watch , ’’ said Joe Landolfi , Patrick ’s director of communications .
If the zoos were to close , Landolfi said , the state would work to find new homes for the animals .
State officials told the Globe that they are trying to find ways to salvage the zoo operations , but that Zoo New England ’s handling of the budget crisis has n’t been helpful .
“ In the midst of an economic crisis like this one , when families and businesses alike are making sacrifices , we would all do well to remain level - headed and focus on solutions , ’’ Sullivan said .
Zoo officials declined to comment on Patrick ’s remarks yesterday .
They also canceled a public event to welcome two French Poitou donkeys to the Franklin Park facility in honor of Bastille Day tomorrow .
John Linehan , Zoo New England chief executive , was scheduled to attend the event .
The current problems of Zoo New England , which runs Franklin Park Zoo in Dorchester and Stone Zoo in Stoneham , stem from Patrick ’s decision June 29 to veto $ 4 million in funding from the nonprofit ’s annual budget .
That reduces the state appropriation by 61 percent , to $ 2.5 million .
On Friday zoo officials released a statement saying the funding reduction might require them to shutter both zoos .
Then on Saturday , they issued a statement that said state bureaucrats - and not animal - care professionals - would be responsible for deciding whether some animals would have to be killed if the zoos closed .
Among the options under consideration is shuttering the smaller Stone Zoo and moving its animals and exhibits to Boston , officials said .
That would reduce Zoo New England ’s overall operating costs and make the flagship Boston facility more prominent .
Some state lawmakers have said they would try to override the governor ’s veto of zoo funding , which would require a two - thirds ’ vote of both chambers of the state Legislature .
Zoo officials have used the prospect of euthanizing animals in prior fights against state budget cuts .
Faced with similar funding reductions in the early 1990s that forced the closure of the Stone Zoo , officials initially said many of those animals would have to be euthanized .
But none were .
Instead , most were moved to the Franklin Park Zoo until 1994 , when the Stone Zoo was reopened .
The two zoos have 1,300 animals of 260 species , including gorillas , tigers , capybaras , and peacocks .
It employs 165 full - time employees , 65 teen employees , and 25 interns .
Sullivan , the governor ’s spokesman , also said yesterday that Zoo New England is responsible for finding a way to keep its gates open .
The zoos received about 40 percent of their total funding last year from admissions , memberships , donations , and other private sources .
At least one visitor to the Franklin Park Zoo yesterday suggested the operator solve the budget crisis on its own .
“ I wonder why the Franklin Park Zoo does n’t raise their prices so they can support themselves , ’’ said Emanuel Achidiev , 28 .
“ They should n’t have to rely on the state . ’’
Achidiev and his wife , Tatiana , Brighton residents , brought their 18 - month - old son , Ariel , to the zoo yesterday .
“ He ’s just beginning to understand what the zoo is all about , ’’ Tatiana Achidiev said .
She said she feared her son would not get to take advantage of the local zoo as he grew up .
Natashia Tidwell , 39 , of Cambridge took her 16 - month - old son , Ellis Barnes , on his first trip to the zoo yesterday .
Ellis ’s first word was “ cat ’ ’ and Tidwell was excited to show her son some of the big cats : the lions and tigers .
“ This is his very first trip and maybe his last , ’’ she said .
Matthew P. Collette can be reached at mpcollette@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Whether driving on the highway or walking down the street , we pick up on both deliberate signals and unconscious cues to predict what other people are going to do and act accordingly .
But robots have trouble following each other around , for example , when a leader turns a corner and disappears from sight .
Researchers at UC Davis have come up with a control system that allows a robot to pick up on cues that the leader is about to turn , predict where it is going and follow it .
" The following problem is a quite fundamental problem in robotics , " said Sanjay Joshi , associate professor of mechanical and aeronautical engineering at UC Davis .
Robots that are better at following could be easier for people to work with , he said .
A hospital robot could follow a doctor around the wards .
Humans use signals and unconscious cues to build a model that predicts where other people are going .
Behavioral studies show that people unconsciously turn their heads a fraction of a second before making a left or right turn .
Joshi and his team of researchers developed a control system that could take such behavioral cues into account in making decisions about which way to move .
Joshi , graduate student Michael Chueh , and undergraduate students William Au Yeung and Calvin Lei tested the system using a small commercially available robot , the Evolution Robotics Scorpion .
The robot's camera could identify a target on the lead robot , and the robot 's onboard computer could combine the target information with behavioral cue information .
Rather than have the lead robot signal the follower directly , the research team sent " behavioral cues " to the follower via wireless link .
Effectively , the cues told the robot , " the leader might be about to turn right " or " might be about to turn left . "
To develop a decision on how to move , the follower robot was programmed to take into account the lead robot's behavioral cues and the follower 's prediction of the lead robot's movement , based on the leader 's current speed and direction .
Robots that incorporated behavioral information into their decisions performed much better at following the leader around corners than others , the researchers found .
" We think that if we can embed these cues in control systems , we can make following more reliable , " Joshi said .
A paper describing the work is published in the August 2008 issue of IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics .
Now that we 're down to the end of 2009 , what were some of the best web development and design tutorials and articles from the year ?
We 'll take a look at 120 of them !
Jump to a Month
January
In today 's video tutorial , we 'll be building a login system with PHP and MYSQL .
Many , many features will be covered ; including MySqli , Prepared Statements , jQuery , Classes , Sessions , Cookies , etc .
I bit off more than I could chew for today 's screencast .
So , I 'll be creating a Part 2 in the next couple of weeks in order to improve our system even further .
Jan 13th , 2009 in Other by Thord Hedengren
URL shortening services are a must if microblogging services like Twitter are to work .
In 140 characters , you do n't want the URL you 're linking to eating up 100 of them .
Or worse , it might not even fit .
Enter TinyURL , and a bunch of other services that give you a shorter custom URL pointing to the target site .
But why not roll your own , using Phurl ?
Let 's do it !
In today 's video tutorial , we 'll be slicing up a PSD , dicing it for the web , and serving it on a warm hot plate .
Our design sports a neat " Web 2.0 " feel and comes courtesy of Joefrey from ThemeForest.net .
Be sure to visit his profile if you have the chance .
In this article weíre going to be building our very own jQuery plugin step - by - step from scratch ; jQuery makes this task exceptionally easy for us , giving us a simple method of packaging up our scripts and exposing their functionality , and encouraging the use of scalable and reusable object - oriented techniques .
Once you 've been coding for a while , you begin to take something for granted .
You forget just how smart you really are .
How many hundreds of keyboard shortcuts have we memorized ?
How many languages have we learned ?
How many frameworks ?
How many hacks ?
To say that web design / development is an extremely tough industry is putting it lightly .
Next , add in the fact that much of what you know today will be considered obsolete in a few years .
Today , we 'll be looking at a crop of tips and tricks that will help beginners speed up their development time , and code more efficiently .
You 'll see a mix of quick time savings tips , as well as specific coding tricks to increase your web application 's efficiency .
2008 was a very good year for the WordPress community .
The software was updated numerous times , leading to the recent release of version 2.7 , and many new blogs dedicated to WordPress were created .
Of course , tons of new hacks were discovered , which helped lots of bloggers enhance their blogs .
In this article , weíll show you 10 new useful killer WordPress hacks to unleash the power of your favorite blogging engine .
Each hack has an accompanying explanation , so youíll not only unleash the power of WordPress but also understand how it works .
Itís safe to say that nearly every website thatís up - to - date these days is using some form of content management system ( CMS ) .
While there are a ton of great free options that provide us with a CMS to power a website ( Wordpress , Drupal , etc. ) , it doesnít hurt to peek under the hood and get a feel for how these systems work .
Apparently it started back in 2003 but it only came to my attention about two years after that .
It ís since been labelled as an internet meme which is interesting because the first time I saw it was on a poster at a train station near London , not on the internet !
If youíre wondering what " it " is here you go .
If you 're not using PHP 's output buffering , you should be .
And if you are , you may not be using it to its potential .
In this article written specifically for web developers , I 'll make a case for output buffering and show you how to get started within seconds .
This article is the beginning of a series in which I 'll share with you the awesome potential of output buffering .
In my last post , I talked about the conditions under which the dreaded long - running script dialog is displayed in browsers .
Browsers will stop executing script either when theyíve executed too many statements ( Internet Explorer ) or when the JavaScript engine has been running for a specific amount of time ( others ) .
The problem , of course , is nít the way that the browser is detecting long - running scripts , itís that the script is taking too long to execute .
See part 2 , part 3 , and part 4 of this series .
February
Hello and welcome to the first part of what will hopefully be an extensive series covering core aspects of the JavaScript programming language and the DOM API .
While frameworks such as jQuery , Prototype and MooTools are great ways of suppressing browser bugs and speeding up development , itís important to know and understand the underlying technologies .
This series intends to tell you what you need to know about JavaScript and the Document Object Model ( DOM ) .
Even if you swear by a particular library this will still benefit you ñ knowing how something works under the skin can only be a good thing !
Do n't forget to checkout part 2
Today , Andres will be teaching us how to use CSS sprites to improve load times and decrease the number of HTTP requests that are made .
As always , feel free to ask any questions in the comments area .
One of the best things about PHP is that it's a great language to just " dive into " , thanks to its wide - ranging popularity .
Anyone with the ability to hit " Search " on Google can quickly create a program .
However , this also lends to a major criticism of PHP : it 's almost too easy to find and reproduce bad code .
Here are 10 PHP mistakes that any programmer , regardless of skill level , might make at any given time .
Some of the mistakes are very basic , but trip up even the best PHP programmer .
Other mistakes are hard to spot ( even with strict error reporting ) .
But all of these mistakes have one thing in common :
They 're easy to avoid .
Django is a powerful web framework , created in Python , which follows the DRY ( Do n't repeat yourself ) , and batteries included philosophies .
It allows for rapid website development by providing a wide range of tools and shortcuts out of the box .
Django is extremely fast and flexible - even faster than all of the PHP frameworks available .
In this article , I 'll introduce you to Django by showing you how to build a simple to - do list .
A few days ago , as I prepared our Create a Slick Flickr Gallery with Simple Pie tutorial , it occurred to me that we have n't posted many articles that covered SimplePie .
Considering how fantastic a library it is , I think it 's time to take a closer look .
We 'll be looking at a more advanced feature that allows you to extend the built - in item class to allow for the parsing of complicated RSS feeds .
When someone visits a website youíve designed , the odds are that they donít care much about the colors , images or sounds , theyíre immediately looking at the text .
No matter how many bells and whistles youíve built into a website , everyone relies on text to accomplish whatever theyíre visiting the site to do .
That alone should make typography , the art of arranging type , a priority for any web designer .
In this article we take a look at 10 easy rules to keep in mind when designing your next web project .
Yesterday my friend Nick asked to me some suggestion to design an original weekly timeline for a web application which he is developing .
I suggested to use the following animated timeline which I implemented reusing the code of my versatile slider and now I want to share with you .
When creating a User Interface , itís important to make it engaging for the user not only from a visual standpoint , but also with interactivity .
With so many JavaScript frameworks readily available , web designers and developers have many tools at their disposal to add slick effects to their UIís .
Content doesnít always have to stay visible .
Sometimes it can hide in the most unexpected locations .
In this tutorial weíll start with a cartoon themed header , build two different states for content and animate a transition between them using jQuery .
There are a few different ways to vertically centre objects with CSS , but it can be difficult to choose the right one .
Iíll show you all the best ways
Iíve seen and also how to create a nice little centered website .
March
CSS 3 is on the horizon , and we 're all getting excited .
Thanks to the latest browser updates , developers can begin working with time - saving new properties - such as @font - face .
Unfortunately , the availability of these features is limited to a tiny fraction of our overall userbase .
At least for the next year or so , we 'll need to continue utilizing the Flash and Javascript alternatives when embedding fonts .
Luckily , a new contender , CufÛn , has made the process unbelievably simple .
What makes it different ?
Rather than Flash , it uses a mixture of canvas and VML to render the fonts .
In just a few minutes , I 'll demonstrate how to use any font you wish in your web applications .
Excited ?
Let 's try something different on nettuts + today .
Any designer who has worked with large CSS files will agree that its major weakness is its inability to use variables .
In this article , we will learn how to implement variables by using PHP and Apache 's URL rewrite mod .
As some of you might know , I 've been running a weekly video series on the ThemeForest Blog that teaches new developers exactly how to work with PHP .
Once or twice a week , I release a new " episode " that builds upon the previous days .
To expand our viewership , I 've decided to release " Day 13 " here .
Be sure to subscribe to In the Woods to stay up to date on each new release .
Why do it this way ?
Because people do n't always have the time to watch sixty minute videos .
By posting short ten minute episodes , beginners can easily digest each lesson , rather than become overwhelmed with more information than their minds are able to consume .
If you 're new to PHP , and are not familiar with this series , I hope you 'll subscribe and become a new viewer .
Developing web applications using a static data store where data must be updated , stored and manipulated frequently can be a cumbersome task .
However this article will introduce you to the world of relational databases allowing you to maximise your data 's potential .
Last night , long after I should have fallen asleep , I came across a fantastic overview of ìfrontend engineering .î
This is a must - watch video , presented by Nate Koechley .
Many designers will get more from this video than an entire book .
Nate covers everything from underused html tags , to doctypes , to proper naming conventions .
I highly recommend watching it .
There are a ton of tutorials already out there about creating content sliders with jQuery .
So why bother writing another one ?
While I donít think that the existing tutorials are
incorrect , bad , or otherwise unacceptable , I havenít found one that met my needs .
As a general rule , most Web developers , especially usability enthusiasts , say it is bad practice to use drop - down menus because they are confusing , annoying and oftentimes dysfunctional .
From a design standpoint , however , drop - down menus are an excellent feature because they help clean up a busy layout .
If structured correctly , drop - down menus can be a great navigation tool , while still being a usable and attractive design feature .
Selecting the perfect domain name for your website is the most important , and oftentimes hardest , step in establishing a web presence .
There are plenty of tools out there that can help you ease the burden of checking available domains and suggesting similar names that are related to your searches .
In this article , youíll read about 12 neat web tools that will lend you a hand in finding and choosing domain names .
Youíll find a variety of search and suggestion tools that have an assortment of features so that , hopefully , youíll discover a few favorites .
Tooltips in web design are becoming more and more commonplace .
Even though I donít think they are appropriate for every type of site , they can be a very useful addition when implemented correctly .
If you are planning on using tooltips in your next project , the hardest part may be choosing the right solution .
Welcome to my new video series , ì Regular Expressions for Dummiesî .
Over the course of ten videos or so , Iím going to teach you how to use regular expressions in your Javascript and PHP applications .
As always , Iíll assume you know absolutely zip .
If you havenít already , subscribe to our RSS feed , or follow me on Twitter to stay up to date on new releases .
Also look at part 2 , part 3 , part 4 , and part 5 in this series !
April
Have you ever wanted to design a beautiful website but just did n't know how ?
To be honest , a few years ago , that happened to me too .
While browsing the web , I saw so many nice looking websites and wished I had the skills to create such designs .
Today I can and I 'm going to teach you how to do so too !
Essentially , it requires a few Photoshop skills and an eye for detail .
Through this tutorial , I will point out these tiny details which make a website design look beautiful .
Fire up Photoshop and let 's get going !
Despite an extensive codex , many WordPress users remain unfamiliar with how to create their own custom plugins .
In today 's screencast , we 'll start from scratch and build our first usable plugin .
For this example , we 'll write a simple " tuts formatting " function that allows a blog editor to more easily format articles .
In this tutorial , weíre going to be building an image scroller , making use of jQueryís excellent animation features and generally having some fun with code .
Image scrollers are of course nothing new ; versions of them come out all the time .
Many of them however are user - initiated ; meaning that in order for the currently displayed content to change , the visitor must click a button or perform some other action .
This scroller will be different in that it will be completely autonomous and will begin scrolling once the page loads .
Website error pages are perhaps one of the most overlooked pieces of a fully rounded website .
Not only are they important but they give you the opportunity to have a little fun .
Although many web developers rely on server logs to keep an eye out for hits on error pages , I 'm going to take a different approach by using a PHP generated email .
In addition , we will spice up the design a bit , add basic navigation and link to the website sitemap .
As PHP applications become more and more complex , it can be easy to end up with a tangled mess of code that makes maintenance nearly impossible .
Applying the concept of tiered applications can help to alleviate some of the difficulty in maintaining complex applications .
We 're entering a unique age ; an age where a simple Google search has the potential to replace professors .
As students across the globe decide whether or not to spend massive sums of money - during a financial recession - to attend University this fall , they might find themselves asking , " Is it worth it ? "
Especially in the web development world , it 's possible that the latest technologies and trends are being taught on blogs , rather than in the classroom .
On a weekly basis , I receive emails from University students informing us that our " little ole ' " blog has taught them more than their college professors .
Considering the frequency at which these flattering emails occur , it does raise an interesting question : " Is University out - dated ? "
Understanding arrays is the first major milestone when learning how to code .
An array is not an easy concept to grasp at first since an array has many values , or elements , and can be used in so many ways .
Many functions return their results as an array .
There is no way around it , if you want to learn how to code , be it in php , javascript or any other language , you will need to understand the array .
Progressive Enhancement is a powerful methodology that allows
Web developers to concentrate on building the best possible websites while balancing the issues inherent in those websites being accessed by multiple unknown user - agents .
Progressive Enhancement ( PE ) is the principle of starting with a rock - solid foundation and then adding enhancements to it if you know certain visiting user - agents can handle the improved experience .
PE differs from Graceful Degradation ( GD ) in that GD is the journey from complexity to simplicity , whereas PE is the journey from simplicity to complexity .
PE is considered a better methodology than GD because it tends to cover a greater range of potential issues as a baseline .
PE is the whitelist to GDís blacklist .
WordPress blogs and sites can be notoriously slow .
But fear not ñ here are ways to make your WordPress blog super speedy and fun for your visitors to view with a few tweaks , hacks and plugins .
Be sure to check back because I will be updating this post as I discover new and wonderful ways to optimize and speed up WordPress blogs .
Yesterday I posted an article about how you can use your own ìmissing imageî graphics when an image fails to load using MooTools .
Hereís how to do the same using jQuery .
Between Nettuts + and ThemeForest , I receive dozens of question emails each week .
Although I try my best , I simply donít have the time to research the answer to each one .
Considering this , Iíve decided to sporadically post ì Ask JWî articles .
This weekís question concerns Javascriptís self - invoking anonymous functions , and comes from Travis .
May
If you 're a heavy WordPress developer like me , you might find that you need to create a new installation for each site that requires a strange structure or specific posts , instead of using your uniform local test WordPress installation .
Cue WordPress Mu. WordPress Multi User is a platform created by the geniuses at Automattic that is basically a WordPress installation that allows multiple blogs to run using the same software .
In this tutorial , we will look at using jQuery to call Twitterís API and then use the results to create a widget for a blog or personal website that shows what hours during the day we tweet at the most .
The most difficult aspect of running Nettuts + is accounting for so many different skill levels .
If we post too many advanced tutorials , our beginner audience wo n't benefit .
The same holds true for the opposite .
We do our best , but always feel free to pipe in if you feel you 're being neglected .
This site is for you , so speak up !
With that said , today 's tutorial is specifically for those who are just diving into web development .
If you 've one year of experience or less , hopefully some of the tips listed here will help you to become better , quicker !
Without further ado , let 's review thirty best practices to observe when creating your markup .
Apache 's .htaccess configuration files have baffled countless developers .
This tutorial aims to break through this confusion by focusing on examples and thorough descriptions .
Among the benefits of learning .htaccess configuration is automatic gzipping of your content , providing friendlier URLs , preventing hotlinking , improving caching , and more .
First , the basics .
Javascript frameworks have turned simple AJAX functions into one - liners .
This is quite incredible , considering the fact that it would require more than twenty to accomplish the same thing with raw Javascript .
Nevertheless , it 's important to learn what 's " under the hood " .
Do n't forget to check out part 2 !
This article will guide you through the process of installing Ruby on Rails , and any other software that is required to begin using it .
Check out part 2 .
You have a massive array of items that needs to be transformed into an HTML list without causing the user any grief .
There are a couple common ways of doing this :
I do n't care what anybody tells me , PHP security is the number one thing I 'm concerned about when writing a script .
If you were to directly input data from $ POST or $ GET into a MySQL database , you could ( and probably will ) be in for a world of trouble .
Today I 'll walk you through the steps of creating a very easy to use input sanitize function in PHP .
Sorting algorithms are one of the cornerstones of computer science education .
The purpose isnít to teach you a dozens different ways to sort data when youíll never need to implement them by hand in your professional life .
Instead , they are used as a tool to teach algorithm theory , to show you that there are multiple ways to solve a single problem .
And so I begin doing the same with JavaScript and bubble sort .
The result here was the result of some random jQuery keypress event experiments over the past few days .
I recommend that you use this tutorial as a proof of concept rather than final product .
Letís be real for a moment ó there are very few places where you would need the exact effect weíll be building .
However , the logic behind it should be a much more useful in adapting to your own needs .
June
As a follow - up to " 30 HTML and CSS Best Practices " , this week , we 'll review JavaScript !
Once you 've reviewed the list , be sure to let us know what little tips you 've come across !
Security is a hot topic .
Ensuring that your websites are secure is extremely important for any web application .
In fact , I spend 70 % of my time securing my applications .
One of the most important things we must secure are forms .
Today , we are going to review a method to prevent XSS ( Cross - site scripting ) and Cross - site request forgery on forms .
SQL is yet another essential language for developers wishing to create data - driven websites .
However , many developers are unfamiliar with various aspects of SQL ; so in this article , we 'll analyze ten essential tips .
Today , we will be building a simple forum using Ruby on Rails , and we will be working up from the basics covering things like authentication and more advanced database techniques .
When a webpage is designed to display large tables of data , a great amount of consideration should be dedicated to allowing the user to sort through the data in a structured manner .
In this article , I will go over four techniques : hover effects , zebra rows , filtering , and sorting .
Located in the header . php file of most WordPress themes , there is an important hook called wp_head ( ) .
This essential hook enables functions to output content to the browser in the
I know that jQuery is great for event management , but I was wondering if you have come across a way to detect if a DOM element ( say a row in a table ) was removed ?
I have a table and I want to run an ajax request every time a tr was removed , but there are several ways that the tr could be removed .
area of the web document 1 .
In newer versions of WordPress , this hook enables WordPress to output the following three lines to your themeís section .
Cascading Style Sheets were introduced 13 years ago , and the widely adopted CSS 2.1 standard has existed for 11 years now .
When we look at websites that were created 11 years ago , itís clear that we are a thousand miles away from that era .
It is quite remarkable how much Web development has evolved over the years , in a way we would never have imagined then .
This is going to be a continuation of the Website Change Request Form demo weíve been using around here for a while .
If you need to catch up , first I talked about it , then I built it , then I screencasted it , then I secured it .
Throughout all of this , the end result has been a boring text - only email that gets sent to a single email address .
In this tutorial I want to explain how to implement a simple launching soon page using PHP and jQuery .
What 's a launching soon page ?
In general it's a page that informs the visitors of a website under construction about when the website is going to be online and allows them to leave their emails in order to be updated when the website is on - line .
July
After numerous requests , today we are launching a new screencast series on Nettuts + that will focus exclusively on the CodeIgniter PHP framework .
Over the course of about 10 videos , I 'll teach you exactly how to use this framework .
Ultimately , we 'll work our way up to building a custom CMS .
Without further ado , here 's day one !
And you have to check out part 2 , part 3 , part 4 , part 5https://net.tutsplus.com/videos/screencasts/codeigniter-from-scratch-day-4-newsletter-signup/, part 6 , part 7 !
Both Twitter and the Apple App Store use a brilliant technique for loading more information ; you click the link and fresh items magically appear on the screen .
This tutorial teaches you to use AJAX , CSS , Javascript , JSON , PHP , and HTML to create that magic .
This tutorial will also feature both jQuery and MooTools versions of the script .
In this tutorial , we are going to build a blog page using next - generation techniques from HTML 5 and CSS 3 .
The tutorial aims to demonstrate how we will be building websites when the specifications are finalized and the browser vendors have implemented them .
If you already know HTML and CSS , it should be easy to follow along .
Continuing our review of htaccess files , today we 'll examine how to use mod_rewrite to create pretty URLs .
In this tutorial we will be creating a simple web - based chat application with PHP and jQuery .
This sort of utility would be perfect for a live support system for your website .
Ever since I saw the Bit.ly JavaScript API I 've been wanting to build a simple script for tracking the number of people visiting a blog post from Twitter .
This past weekend I built a little script for doing just that - and in a completely unobtrusive manner .
Once again , after reading somebody else 's article , I felt inspired to put together an alternative example .
In this case : Text Rotation .
Within the article I linked to , the example uses an image sprite and a sprinkle of CSS to get things positioned right .
Well , maybe not so much a sprinkle .
It 's like the top fell off the pepper shaker and you 've suddenly got a large pile of pepper on your food .
It makes me want to sneeze .
An often overlooked aspect of web design , by those just starting out , is typography .
In fact , web designers that have been around for a couple years even have a tendency to overlook and undervalue the power of typography .
Donít be mistaken though , itís one of the most powerful tools web designers have .
A closure , in JavaScript , can simply be described as a retained scope ; at least , this is how I think of it .
The benefit of a closure is in the fact that it retains the scope ( the ìscope chainî ) of the outer ( or ìparentî ) execution context .
This behaviour can be used in a number of different ways and has become a useful remedy for quite a few JavaScript gotchas ; one of the most common being the ìlooping problemî .
This is a three part series introducing Object - Oriented PHP , a way to manage your code and keep different parts separate , all while being easily accessible .
I hadnít really planned it this way , but my previous article works as a great precursor to this article , showing you how to get a PHP / MySQL Sandbox up and running , which is just what weíll be using for this tutorial as I believe a hands - on approach is the best way to learn things like this .
And then you should read part 2 and part 3 .
August
Webkit is one of the few - if only - browser engines that really embraces advanced CSS3 effects .
Unfortunately , this presents somewhat of a double - edged sword .
We get to play with all of these amazing effects - such as CSS masks , reflections , transitions , animations , scaling , etc. - yet , we can't truly implement them into our projects until more browsers provide support .
With all of that said , it 's important to be on the cutting edge of what 's possible .
In this tutorial weíll be looking at how we can transform some semantic and accessible underlying HTML into an attractive and functional news ticker that smoothly scrolls its contents .
Some news tickers are horizontal and some are vertical ; the one that weíre going to create today will be vertical .
Regular expressions are a language of their own .
When you learn a new programming language , they 're this little sub - language that makes no sense at first glance .
Many times you have to read another tutorial , article , or book just to understand the " simple " pattern described .
Today , we 'll review eight regular expressions that you should know for your next coding project .
PHP is the most widely - used language for programming on the web .
Here are thirty best practices for beginners wanting to gain a firmer grasp of the fundamentals .
Typography on the web is anything but simple , and for many , it is a troubling mystery .
Today , we 're going to review six ways that web designers and developers can improve the typography of the sites they create .
As a web designer when you are coding and designing website , it is your job to make sure that the site is user intuitive , friendly and easy to navigate .
Although these are basic work ethics for every web designer sometime you might miss out a little things here and there , that might get under front end user skin .
Nevertheless , maybe you are starting your way into web design .
Here are eight web usability and practical tips for beginner web designer .
Web 2.0 is a fine thing .
You can build whole websites , news systems , or picture galleries ñ just by using the power of content submitted by users .
But be careful !
You can never trust every user when it comes to submitting data .
There are always those who may try to compromise your website by submitting bad queries .
Even if unintentional , it can be possible for users to destroy your databaseís consistency just by entering incorrect data .
I 've seen a lot of curious ( bordering on horrific ) code in my life ; and Iíd say about half of it was written by me .
If you donít attest to the fact that you once wrote bad code then youíre either a liar or perhaps , have omnipotent powers !
Al Gore invented the Internet .
Drinking alcohol keeps your body warm .
You wonít get pregnant if you stand on your head after Ö well , you get the idea .
Myths are those hard - and - fast rules that often start as a plausible idea or once - off observation that grow and distill into ëcommon knowledgeí as they virtually spread .
I know Iíve believed a few of these .
Iíve also asked my UX expert Twitter friends for their UX Myths ñ and they have many !
Since it was first featured on Facebook , elastic textareas ñ < textarea > elements that automatically expand or shrink depending on how much text the user inputs ñ has become one of the coolest functional UI effects on the web .
In this article , I will guide you through the re-creation of this astonishing effect using Ext JS , and I bet you that you will be surprised to see how easy it is to do it .
September
Data security is important and often undervalued by designers , developers , and clients alike .
Since PHP 5.2.0 , data sanitization and validation has been made significantly easier with the introduction of data filtering .
Today , we 're going to take a closer look at these filters , how to use them , and build a few custom functions .
When people think of .htaccess configuration the first thing that pops into most people 's minds is URL manipulation with modrewrite .
People typically get frustrated with modrewrite 's complexity .
This tutorial will walk you through everything you need to know for the most common mod_rewrite tasks .
Working with XHTML forms can be somewhat daunting ; they not only use some niche HTML elements , but also blur the line between static content and user interaction .
Let 's review some things to remember when creating your next form .
Search Engine Optimization is a rather complex and never ending process .
You have to analyze a lot of things including what keywords people are searching for , the density of those keywords in your sites , how many sites link back to you , how popular your links are and so on .
Doing all this manually can be a huge pain .
With that in mind , regardless of whether you 're an SEO guru or a beginner , these twenty tools are guaranteed to make your life easier .
In this round - up weíll be looking at 5 JavaScript libraries that can really ease the development of modern , attractive web sites .
The libraries that weíll be looking at arenít libraries in the same sense as something like jQuery or the YUI ; theyíre much smaller and much more specialized .
But theyíre the best at what they do and provide unique functionality .
Most CSS properties are quite simple to deal with .
Often , applying a CSS property to an element in your markup will have instant results ó as soon as you refresh the page , the value set for the property takes effect , and you see the result immediately .
Other CSS properties , however , are a little more complex and will only work under a given set of circumstances .
Good web design doesnít just appear out of nowhere , there are many aspects of design that come together to achieve this .
The first one that weíll be looking in this 4 - part - series is layout .
You 'll want to read part 2 , part 3 , and part 4 .
A one - pixel background image can be a pretty versatile thing .
With repeat-x it can be a horizontal line , repeat-y makes a vertical line , and repeat makes it a fill color .
Just as a little fun proof of concept , we can use that to create a depth - chart looking unordered list :
Now that we have seen how to setup Tumblr - style posts , it would be nice to be able to segregate the Tumblr - posts category from the main feed into its own , separate feed .
This would enable readers to subscribe exclusively to the Tumblr - posts feed and maybe display it in their sidebar or something .
While weíre at it , it would also be cool to be able to provide readers with a full menu of feed choices , including the following .
Fonts are a huge part of design ( as we all know ) .
Text on the web needs to be much more dynamic than in any other media .
We have solutions like CufÛn , sIFR , etc. but perhaps one of the better options is using @font - face in CSS .
October
One crucial part of PHP development practice is always keeping in mind that security is not something you can simply buy off the shelf at your local convenient store .
Ensuring the security of your web applications is a process , which over time , needs to be constantly evaluated , monitored , and hardened .
Have you ever worked on a project that was so unwieldy , you were scared to update a file or add a feature ?
Maybe the problem was that you were n't using a version control system .
In today 's tutorial , we 'll learn the basics of what might possibly be the best VCS in the world : Git .
Weíve all seen the brilliant functionality on Mashable where news stories and interesting articles can be shared to social networking sites ; the functionality is driven by the images accompanying the articles ; you click and hold on an image and can then drag it into a toolbar to share it .
Itís brilliant and intuitive , and in this article Iím going to show you how we can replicate this behavior with jQuery and jQuery UI .
Feeds .
RSS .
Atom. Syndication .
Subscribers .
These are some of the keywords floating around the web and have gained notorious prominence over the years .
In this guide , we 'll take a look at a number of things including what feeds are , why you need to have a feed for your site , how to set up one and then publish it .
I was recently asked by a reader to recommend a helpful content slider plugin .
No doubt , there are a bunch of excellent options available -- some which are , perhaps , too excellent !
With so much flexibility comes extra weight ; especially when sometimes you only need a simple slide or fade transition .
So I figured , why not build a simple custom plugin that will get the job done ?
One of the most frequently requested browser features in recent memory is data URI support .
Thereís been a fair amount written about data URIs recently : my colleague Stoyan Stefanov has written a couple of posts about data URIs , and my former colleague Hedger Wang also penned a post about how to use data URIs in IE .
Surprisingly , thereís still a lot of misunderstanding and confusion about data URIs , what they are , how they work , and why youíd ever want to use one .
Another forehead - smack - worthy curse - laden moment : Iíve filled out a lengthy online form and hit the submit button only to find myself staring back at an empty form peppered with red errors .
Has this happened to you ?
Of course it has .
In this Photoshop web design tutorial , weíre going to create a mock - up of a clean and modern - looking website .
This is Part 1 of a tutorial series that will show you how to create the design , and then convert it to an HTML / CSS template .
When you are creating a website ( or hiring a web / blog designer to create one for you ) , there are specific items you need to be aware of .
Things that normally wouldnít cross your mind .
For the average person who wants a website or blog for their business , they are after one very important thing ñ sales .
Now , they may tell you that they want the big flashy logos , or the overdone textures / gradients , but it is the job of a well skilled web designer to steer their clients in the right direction .
This article is mostly aimed at people who are just starting to learn jQuery .
I assume you know the following .
November
Regular expressions can be scary ... really scary .
Fortunately , once you memorize what each symbol represents , the fear quickly subsides .
If you fit the title of this article , there 's much to learn !
Let 's get started .
Database operations often tend to be the main bottleneck for most web applications today .
It 's not only the DBA 's ( database administrators ) that have to worry about these performance issues .
We as programmers need to do our part by structuring tables properly , writing optimized queries and better code .
Here are some MySQL optimization techniques for programmers .
Douglas Crockford .
John Resig .
Peter - Paul Koch . Nicolas C. Zakas .
If you recognize these names , you probably know what they all have in common : they 're amazingly talented JavaScript Developers .
Today , you 'll hear from all of them , in this roundup of JavaScript presentations .
Be ready to stretch your brain !
Nettuts + is primarily a PHP haven ; however , I 'm sure we can all agree that there are many fantastic , and technically more powerful languages and frameworks at our disposal .
Jeremy McPeak , author of Professional AJAX , and Beginning JavaScript : 4th Edition , will teach you how to build ASP.
NET applications from scratch over the course of the next several video tutorials .
Enjoy !
And Part 2 .
Over recent years , JavaScript has increasingly gained popularity , partly due to libraries that are developed to make JavaScript apps / effects easier to create for those who may not have fully grasped the core language yet .
While in the past it was a common argument that JavaScript was a basic language and was very ' slap dash ' with no real foundation ; this is no longer the case , especially with the introduction of high scale web applications and ' adaptations ' such as JSON ( JavaScript Object Notation ) .
In an ideal world , each big subject from the software development process would be handed to a specialized professional : UI designers , programmers , architects , database administrators etc .
Unfortunately , this is not the case most of times .
There a plenty of cases out there where projects suffer from lack of proper expertise and well trained people .
Thatís not to say we should know everything , nor that we should refuse doing work we are not sufficiently prepared for .
From freelancers to big companies , we are sometime facing the need of wearing someone elseís hat .
In those cases we have no other option but to simply get ourselves wet and just do it .
Todayís Q&A comes courtesy of Frederico Gonzalez , from Twitter .
He asked if there was an easy way to add announcement bars to the top of his site , much like the one on ActiveDen right now ( assuming youíre not logged in ) .
Luckily , as youíll find , itís quite simple to whip up a jQuery plugin that will make these announcements a cinch to add .
Today we begin Part 1 of an 8 - Part series on building a web application from absolute scratch to a complete product .
I am going to kick things off by introducing the idea , and then I will be handling the design , UI , and general front - end stuff .
We are going to be going back and forth from here over to my friend Jason Lengstorfís blog Ennui Design .
Jason will be handling the back - end stuff like application planning and database stuff .
At the end of the week , weíll unleash the actual working application for you .
You 'll have to read part 2 , part 3 , part 4 , part 5 , part 6 , part 7 , and part 8 .
You 've been to websites that use them , a nice little AJAX contact form .
AJAX is a great way to submit data without a page refresh and is a great tool for certain elements of a website , such as a contact form .
So how do we go about doing so ?
Today , we will take it step by step and build your first AJAX and PHP contact form .
We 'll be using jQuery and the popular email validation code found on google code ( originally by AddedBytes ) to help us out .
Today weíll be looking at how to add keyboard navigation to a website using a few simple lines of JavaScript .
First weíll create a simple site theme in Photoshop and then transform it into a working website that uses keyboard functions to switch pages .
Decemeber
Thanks to the wide adoption of libraries like jQuery and Mootools , JavaScript 's popularity has skyrocketed in the last few years .
However , in the process , an interesting thing occurred : many newer developers are learning these libraries without taking the time to actually learn about raw JavaScript techniques .
What percentage of jQuery users do n't know how to fade out an element with only raw JS ?
My guess is that it 's much higher than many would think .
If you want to truly understand the library you 're working with , and improve your skill - set , it 's vital that you learn the fundamentals of raw JavaScript .
This screencast series focuses exclusively on JavaScript , and will take you from your first " Hello , World " alert up to more advanced topics .
Do n't forget to watch part 2 and part 3 .
Most modern web applications today interact with databases , usually with a language called SQL .
Lucky for us , this language is quite easy to learn .
In this article , we are going to start with some basic SQL queries and use them to interact with a MySQL database .
And here 's part 2 .
Web pages , for the most part , are event - driven .
Libraries such as jQuery have provided helper methods to make this functionality much easier to grasp .
In this tutorial , we 'll look at expanding upon these methods to create your own custom namespaced events .
Whether you 're a programmer or not , you have seen it everywhere on the web .
At this moment your browsers address bar shows something that starts with " http : / / " .
Even your first Hello World script sent HTTP headers without you realizing it .
In this article we are going to learn about the basics of HTTP headers and how we can use them in our web applications .
CodeIgniter is an open source PHP web application framework with a lot of features .
Recently , thanks to the latest update , a new feature was added to this framework , called the Cart Class .
In this tutorial , we 're going to take advantage of this new class , and write a shopping cart system , with a touch of jQuery added in .
Typically , when I deal with event binding in jQuery , I use it in a very one - off kind of way .
Meaning , I rarely have multiple event handlers bound to the same element and I rarely use event bubbling in which an event is utilized at more than one level of the DOM tree .
As such , I never needed more than a superficial understanding of the jQuery event object .
This morning , however , as I was further exploring custom event types in jQuery , it quickly became apparent that my understanding of the event object was , in reality , a critical misunderstanding .
In our last article about CSS3 , ì Pushing Your Buttons With Practical CSS3 , we talked about using new CSS3 techniques like gradients , border - radius and drop - shadows to create compelling , flexible and ( in some cases ) hilarious buttons .
In this second article weíre going to focus on using those CSS techniques ( and a little JavaScript ) to create some practical elements and layouts .
As before , caveat coder ó a lot of the CSS properties weíre going to use have limited support , if any , in IE6 / 7 and probably 8 . Firefox 3.5 + and Safari 4 are your best bet right now to see all the cool stuff going on in CSS right now ( Chrome does a pretty good job , too ) .
CSS is the best thing to happen to the web since Tim Berners - Lee .
Itís simple , powerful , and easy to use .
But even with all its simplicity , it hides some important capabilities .
Ask any designer , and theyíll tell you that the majority of their code headaches are caused and ultimately solved by CSS .
Three years ago , I gave my first talk at Yahoo !
entitled , Maintainable JavaScript ( slides ) .
The point of the talk was to encourage people to use more rigor in their JavaScript coding .
A lot of people who write JavaScript for a living began as hobbyists and hackers , including myself .
All of the best front end engineers are self - taught , of course , because this stuff hasnít been taught in colleges and universities .
I took the opportunity to simply point out that the same coding practices that are taught in traditional software engineering programs can also be applied to JavaScript .
And of course , I threw in some of my own personal findings gathered through years of web development .
When someone comments on your site , cookies with the information the entered are saved to their computers .
WordPress makes it easy to access that information .
In fact , in your comments .
php template they are ready - to - go PHP variables you can spit out anywhere youíd like .
Letís take a look .
Bonus : 24 Ways and A List Apart
I have n't included any articles from 24 Ways , because you should read them all !
( If you are n't aware , 24 Ways published 24 articles each year , from December 1 - 24 . )
There are n't any articles from A List Apart , for the same reason .
A Mini-Rant
Collecting all these tips , tuts , and articles was an interesting experience ( ever tried to work with 30 + tabs at once ? ) .
As I did , I noticed — certainly not for the first time — a disturbing trend in the web dev community : so many sites had post after post entitled something like this : " number adjective subject . "
While some list posts are great ( guess what you 've just read ? ) , nothing beats really content .
Nettut + is amazing at cooking up great tutorials , appropriately seasoning it with the occasional list post .
Here 's hoping 2010 shows more web dev/design blogs following this pattern !
And Yours ?
We all have our favourites ; what article from 2009 helped you the most ?
Follow us on Twitter , or subscribe to the Nettuts + RSS Feed for the best web development tutorials on the web .
Ready to take your skills to the next level , and start profiting from your scripts and components ?
Check out our sister marketplace , CodeCanyon .
Three - year - old children who are exposed to more TV appear to be at an increased risk for exhibiting aggressive behavior , according to a report in the November issue of Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , one of the JAMA / Archives journals .
" Early childhood aggression can be problematic for parents , teachers and childhood peers and sometimes is predictive of more serious behavior problems to come , such as juvenile delinquency , adulthood violence and criminal behavior , " according to background information in the article .
Various predictive factors for childhood aggression have been studied .
These include parents ' discipline style , neighborhood safety and media exposure .
" After music , television is the medium children aged 0 to 3 years are exposed to the most . "
Although the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends no screen media for children younger than age 2 , studies have found consistent use of television in that age group .
Jennifer A. Manganello , Ph.D. , M.P.H. , of University at Albany , State University of New York , Rensselaer , and Catherine A. Taylor , Ph.D. , M.S.W. , M.P.H. , of Tulane University School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine , New Orleans , analyzed data from 3,128 mothers of children born from 1998 to 2000 in 20 large U.S. cities to examine associations of child television exposure and household television use with aggressive behavior in children .
Parents were interviewed at the time of the child 's birth and at one and three years .
At three years , they were asked to report time the child spent watching TV directly as well as household TV use on a typical day .
Aggression also was assessed at 3 years of age using a 15 - item aggressive subscale for 2 - and 3 - year - old children .
Demographic information and other risk factors for aggression were also noted .
About two - thirds ( 65 percent ) of mothers reported that their 3 - year - old child watched more than two hours of television per day .
On average , children were exposed to an additional 5.2 hours of household TV use per day .
Direct child TV exposure and household TV use were both significantly associated with childhood aggression , after accounting for other factors such as parent , family , neighborhood and demographic characteristics .
" One explanation that could link both child and household TV measures with aggression involves the parenting environment , " the authors write .
Households with higher rates of TV use may have fewer restrictions on children 's viewing habits such as exposure to unregulated television content .
Increased household television use may also affect daily routines such as eating and communication patterns and may decrease time spent on other activities .
" Current American Academy of Pediatrics recommendations mainly suggest limitations for direct child exposure to TV and other media ; however , our findings suggest that additional household TV use may also be an important predictor of negative childhood outcomes , such as early childhood aggression , " the authors conclude .
" Future research in this area should consider inclusion of both of these TV variables along with additional parent - child interaction assessments , observational assessments when possible , quality and / or content of TV programs and longitudinal analyses . "
Rango : A New Modular Ruby Webapp Framework
By grantmichaels
Rango is a Rack - based lightweight Web framework by Jakub Šťastný that has seemingly borrowed a little bit less from past Ruby frameworks and a bit more from Django .
Based on the 1.9 version of Ruby , Rango works with rvm , Rip , Usher , Warden , and both the new Gem bundler and the venerable DataMapper by default .
Philosophically , " Rango is attempting to be as agnostic as possible , valuing simple , readable code .
It intends to encourage explicit code rather than implicit magic . "
Modularity is a top priority .
In many ways it feels like Ramaze , but with a newer " era of Rack " foundation .
There 's a good " Why Use Rango " article available if you want to get a feel for the project and why you might consider using it .
There 's also a PDF presentation that acts as an introduction to the project .
Serving , Routing and Templates
Rango is Passenger friendly , and because Rango is designed for Ruby 1.9 , using Mongrel is discouraged ( although possible ) .
The router is pluggable and Usher is the default , but you can elect rack - router or rack - mount via the generator .
At present , Rango plays nicely with Haml , but with the upcoming 0.2 version it will adopt Tilt , which adds a number of formats , including Mustache , ERB , Erubis , and Liquid .
Rango has generators , but beyond that it employs a sub-project named " Simple - Templater " to assist developers in customizing project - specific code generation .
Rango draws additional strength from " Pupu , " a framework agnostic CLI ( command - line interface ) system which aids in managing / public directory content and functionality into modules - modules which can even include packaged javascript functionality .
Code reloading during development is made available by Shotgun , or if you are using Phusion Passenger , you can of course use tmp/always_restart.
txt to restart the app at every request .
If Racksh is installed , running ./init.rb - i will start it , and it falls back to Irb otherwise .
The Future
Rango has a very aggressive roadmap for December 2009 , and also boasts an impressive feature timeline within the wiki .
Rango offers a number of innovative departures which seem noteworthy at present .
To get updates on the Rango project , follow @RangoProject on Twitter .
[ ad ]
Find duplication , code smells , complex code and more in your Ruby code with Caliper !
The metrics are free and setup takes just one click .
Get started !
Sucker - footed bats do not use suction at all , say scientists .
Researchers from Brown University in the US , found that the bats secrete a fluid , enabling pads on their wrists and ankles to stick to surfaces .
The team said science had misnamed the creatures Myzopoda , which means " sucker foot " .
The therapy produced highly promising results in an eight - year - old Gene therapy can be particularly effective in treating inherited sight problems in children , fresh trials show .
US doctors treating 12 patients with a rare genetic eye disorder were able to significantly improve vision in the youngest .
The study , published in The Lancet , builds on work carried out by doctors at London 's Moorfields Eye Hospital .
The eye is proving to be a particularly successful target for gene therapy .
The principle is simple : to replace a defective gene and restore function to a part of the body affected by a genetic disorder .
Striking early Treatment so far has focused on Leber 's congenital amaurosis ( LCA ) , a rare inherited disorder which causes gradual deterioration in vision and can lead to blindness by the time the patient is 20 .
It occurs when faulty genes , called RPE65 , stop the layer of cells at the back of the eye working .
LCA affects approximately one in 80,000 people , and is responsible for one in 10 severe sight disorders in children .
This latest study from the University of Pennsylvania involved patients aged between eight and 44 , each of whom had the genetic material needed to correct LCA injected into the eye with the worst vision .
The study reported that all patients responded well to the treatment .
There were measurable improvements , including an at least 100 - fold increase in pupillary light response - when the pupils constrict in brightness .
But the most marked improvements were seen in the young .
One eight - year - old developed the same degree of light sensitivity as an unaffected contemporary , while all the children involved gained vision sufficient to walk unaided .
The researchers noted the results showed early intervention produced the best results .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement " The visual recovery noted in the children confirms the hypothesis that efficacy will be improved if treatment is applied before retinal degeneration has progressed , " said lead author Professor Jean Bennett .
" Assessment of whether the treatment alters the natural progression of the retinal degeneration will be possible in follow - up studies . "
Visionary
Gene therapy has already been successfully deployed in the eyes by a team at the Institute of Ophthalmology and Moorfields Eye Hospital in London
The first such operation was carried out in 2007 , and last year a further three patients received it - one of whom reported significant improvement .
The eye is seen as a particularly attractive target for these new treatments .
The genes are contained in a harmless virus which is unlikely to be attacked by the body as the immune system is not strong in the retina .
The eye is also readily accessible , and a relatively simple organ .
It is hoped that all this work will provide the basis for age - related as well as other genetic sight disorders , but also different conditions altogether .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Gene therapy has already been successfully deployed to treat children with X - SCID - a life - threatening immune deficiency also known as " boy in the bubble syndrome " .
Professor Robin Ali of the UCL Institute of Ophthalmology , who has led the British trials , said the latest study was " very encouraging " .
" The findings provide further evidence that gene therapy can be safe and can improve retinal sensitivity , particularly in dim light , even when a relatively small area of retina is treated .
" The next challenge is to determine the dose and the extent of retina that needs to be treated in order to slow retinal degeneration and preserve sight . "
Barbara McLaughlan , of the charity RNIB , said : " We welcome the continuing research in this field and hope that at some point it will be possible to use gene therapy for conditions such as age related macular degeneration which are more complex because of a complicated interaction between multiple genetic and environmental factors . "
But a lot more research was needed , she added , " to maximise the benefits of gene therapy techniques and understand how they can then be turned into effective treatments for a variety of more common degenerative eye conditions . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Have you ever felt that you ’re doing something against yourself ?
That you could achieve so much more if you were n’t so lazy or so angry or so focused on unimportant things ?
Have you ever felt so powerless and stuck that you could n’t even get out of the bed and have breakfast ?
Ever felt that whatever you do , you ca n’t get anywhere ?
Chances are , my friend , that you just assessed a self sabotage situation .
In today ’s post I ’m going to talk about self sabotage , and describe my own experience with this type of attitude .
What Is Self Sabotage ?
Self sabotage is a way to reject everything you created so far , choosing another path , one that could allegedly be easier or safer .
You turn your back to everything you ’ve done , deny it , and chose to do exactly the opposite .
You take down all your hopes , dreams and goals and settle for whatever the environment is offering you at the moment .
You surrender .
Most of the time , you do this unconsciously , and most of the time you do n’t even realize that you ’re sabotaging yourself .
You just have a lot of excuses for not being who you want to be , feel a little numb and relaxed at the same time and your self - esteem is slowly going down .
You go for comfort and security .
You favor manipulation instead of direct action .
You take the easier path .
Of course , in the end , that easier path is far more difficult than the first one .
Self Sabotage Triggers
Self sabotage triggers are extremely divers .
You may start to sabotage yourself because of a broken relationship .
Or because you ’re burned out by too much work .
Or because you ’re afraid of success .
I think everybody has his own self - sabotage triggers and there are n’t two identical persons in the world .
This is why writing a tutorial for avoiding self - sabotage would seem futile for me .
What works for me could n’t possibly work for you .
The causes , reasons and triggers are different for each individual .
All I can do is share my experience with self - sabotage , describe how I felt it and hope somebody else could find some inspiration in it .
I do n’t think it can be prevented also .
You ca n’t really prevent self - sabotage .
I think it ’s somehow part of the way we grow .
It ’s a necessary period in which we face our darkest sides , in which we favor destruction over creation , a period in which our higher self surrendered and let us drift in an unknown and uncontrollable ocean .
Those periods are what I called “ death ” periods , chunks of time in which we do n’t exert our full control and consciousness .
We ’re dying and we ’re born again each second , and most of the time we ’re born in the same reality as we died in .
Those death intervals are really short and the life intervals are lighter , bigger and stronger .
There ’s a balance , a prevalence of life .
But sometimes , during your death intervals , when you ’re not supervised by your higher self , you do something to change your environment , creating self - sabotage .
You start to constantly alter what ’s around you , in a desperate attempt to construct a somehow easier or comfortable reality .
You change rules , let go of your goals , align with lower vibrations in order to avoid pain .
You create a comfort zone .
Only to realize , when you ’re born again , that you are in fact breaking the other reality .
A Personal Story
My first self - sabotage period lasted for about 3 years .
Well , I think there were other self sabotage periods before that , but this is the longest I remember .
I was working in an FM radio , as an anchor man and I was doing extremely well .
I was 22 and already a little star on my field ( and even now , 15 years later , I can meet persons who are remembering my voice ) .
Things were evolving really fast and soon I had on my plate much more than I could handle .
In about a year I was overwhelmed and I simply cracked .
Overheated by work and unguided by some personal goals , I just quit .
I had excuses , of course , I was only 23 year old Â it was too much for me .
I stopped going to work , and spend time getting drunk and hunting one night stands in my student hostel .
It was much easier than going to work .
Traditional media is a rat race , is a very hostile working environment , full of gossip , shallowness and a hidden but very powerful vibration of violence .
Â
My radio was no exception , although it was in its very first years .
Every day I had to face pressure , stress and to fight for my position in the company .
I wish I could say that my failure was in fact a stand up for better values .
I wish I could say that I quit because I was n’t willing to face gossip , shallowness and violence all day but it was n’t like that .
There was even a time in which I was lying to myself : “ I ’m out of here because I can do better than that ” .
Of course I could , but I just did n’t .
Will see later on that I did n’t get out of that world , I was only miserably failing in taking commitments .
Our colleagues were visiting me , trying to make me return to my job , .
Most of the time I was drunk , happy to sleep for 14 hours without interruptions , and only sensitive to hormone signals from available females in my close vicinity .
I wanted to start writing a novel and told all my colleagues about that .
In a few weeks , my colleagues stopped visiting me , assured that I was leaving that job because of my higher principles , waiting to read my soon to be published novel .
I was believing that too , but it was a lie .
I was leaving it because I could n’t respect – or even negotiate – my own commitments , because I was burned out by too much work .
I started to write the novel I was planing for long time .
Now that I was free for that evil corporate media structure I could finally start working on that .
I wrote for 12 days several hours each day and I was soon at the half of it .
I could see the end of it .
But suddenly , I stopped .
I continued to get drunk , involved in shallow relationships and think about myself as a victim .
In a few months I realized I had to work again otherwise I will really face starvation .
And so I got a job on a very high position in a new radio that was opening at that time , based on my initial success .
I was still a star , my voice was worth a lot .
And from that moment , I got drunk every evening for 3 years , evening after evening .
I had some small initiatives , professionally speaking , some of them even successes .
I was doing a fairly good show , day by day , but it was n’t me anymore .
The new radio , although with very good initial funding , soon become a ruin because of bad management .
Paycheck started to delay more and more , and I remember there were times in which I got payment delayed by 3 months .
I should have left but I did n’t .
I was enjoying my self - sabotage .
Around age of 27 , I met a women who violently changed my life .
I wont ’ go into details because they are not relevant to this story , I will just mention that the whole relationship was very violent , filled with lies and terror , with an atmosphere of insanity .
During that time I was still thinking that I was a victim , that I ’m experiencing something I was not really deserving , but in fact I did .
It was a very serious shook up from the destiny who was telling me : time to wake up , boy !
Do something with your life .
If easy going is what you enjoy , well , I ’m not going to be easy on you .
I ’m going to be extremely hard .
And it was .
After a year of turmoil in that relationship , and another one of confusion in my personal life , I started my company .
That was a relief , because I was doing something new , challenging and which helped build my self - esteem again .
My personal life was still a mess , and it was only years after when it gradually started to shift in the right direction .
That was a very long time of self - sabotage .
The Morning After
I had a lot of self sabotage intervals , but as I consciously started to assess them , I realized that they are getting shorter and shorter .
The longest one was the one described above , around 3 years .
After that I had self sabotage intervals of several months , and then several weeks , and lately , those self - sabotage intervals are no longer than a few days .
But there still are self sabotage intervals in my life and this is something that I have to live with .
Failure is part of our life , it ’s an experience as valuable as success .
Self sabotage , as a variety of failure , is just another way to experience reality .
I ’m not rejecting it anymore , I ’m not fighting it .
I do n’t feel guilt or shame after I realize I just got out of a self sabotage period .
I ’m trying to focus on what I call “ the morning after ” , the period in which I ’m waking up and start evaluating the effects .
And the damage I do seems to be shrinking more and more , the same way as the intervals are getting shorter and shorter .
After each night ofÂ obscured consciousness I can breath out and start walking again , with more and more energy .
Each time I learn something out of it .
Each trigger of self sabotage is in fact a lesson that I have to assess .
Each unsolved problem surface sooner or later and I have to face it .
Running away and hiding it under the carpet is not an option anymore .
It ’s in our human nature to fail , as it is to win .
It ’s a way of growing and getting stronger .
We have to experience it fully , we ca n’t pretend we ’re failing and learn something from it , it just does n’t work this way .
We have to drink it up and see the effects .
It would be so much easier to realize : hey I ’m in a self - sabotage period , I ’m doing something completely wrong .
But we can ’t : we truly believe that we ’re doing the right things by smashing things around us , hurting the loved ones and hurting ourselves .
I also realized that we cannot prevent nor predict a self - sabotage period , we cannot predict our failures , all we can do is to live them .
All we can do is assess our failures , and get back on our feet again .
The army began its offensive in South Waziristan about two weeks ago Heavy clashes between Pakistani troops and Taliban fighters are going on in the key town of Ladha in the South Waziristan region , the army says .
It says they have cleared a major part of the strategic Sararogha region after taking it from the Taliban on Tuesday .
The army said 30 militants have been killed in the continuing offensive against militants which began in the region on 17 October .
There is no independent confirmation of the claims .
The area is out of bounds for journalists .
The assault has sparked a string of suicide bombings in Pakistan and about 300 people have died in attacks since mid-October .
Earlier on Wednesday a group of militants ambushed a van near Khar , the main town in the Bajaur tribal region , killing two women teachers and wounding two other passengers .
' Nerve centre ' " Today the security forces advanced into the stronghold of militants , the town of Ladha , amidst heavy clashes and street to street fighting , " the Pakistani military said in a statement .
The military offensive has sparked a string of suicide attacks
It said 10 militants had been killed in the fighting .
Troops are securing the surrounding ridges and heights in the area , the statement said .
During search operation at Mingora Sar , weapons and ammunition were recovered , it said .
The military said " security forces have cleared a major part of Sararogha " .
Sararogha is said to be a Taliban operational " nerve centre " .
During engagements , 16 militants were killed and seven soldiers were injured , the statement added .
Another four militants were killed during an operation in the Razmak - Makeen area , the army said .
' Surrender ' Security forces have also begun search and clearance operations at Kaniguram , one of the Taliban 's key regional strongholds , which the army said it took on Monday .
Separately , the army said 21 suspected militants had been taken into custody from the Swat area .
The army said 10 militants had " voluntarily surrendered " and a large number of arms and ammunition had been seized in the area .
Pakistan 's government has offered rewards totalling $ 5 m ( £ 3 m ) for information leading to the capture of Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud , two other Taliban leaders and 15 commanders .
It said Mr Mehsud 's Tehrik - e - Taliban group was involved in acts of terrorism that were causing the death of innocent Muslims on a daily basis .
There has been a spate of violence in Pakistan since the beginning of the operation in South Waziristan .
Last week more than 100 people were killed when a huge car bomb ripped through a busy market in Peshawar .
The violence led the United Nations to announce on Monday it was withdrawing international staff from north - west Pakistan .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement the decision had been taken " bearing in mind the intense security situation in the region " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Another cabinet member , close to Mr Brown , said : " We did n't get into this war to create the new state of Afghanistan .
What we want to do is to leave .
There are problems .
All our advice rightly shows us that there are clear links between what we are doing there and our own national security .
The failure to identify a control group should probably tell us something :
This is little more than a press release on some research in progress .
Still , even before the results are in , the process of setting up the experiment turned out to be rather informative .
The study , you see , is on porn consumption , and it looks like the researchers will be stuck working without anybody to act as a negative control .
" We started our research seeking men in their twenties who had never consumed pornography , " said Simon Louis Lajeunesse .
" We could n't find any . "
Killer plants are all around us : According to traditional explanations , carnivorous plants are rare , and the habit only evolves among species that grow in very nutrient - poor environments .
Not so , according to a review published by the Linnean Society .
Apparently , modern molecular techniques have identified various digestive enzymes that are expressed on the surfaces of a wide range of plants , including common house plants like geraniums and crops like potatoes .
Fear the petunia !
A deep - seated psychological need to know what tried to make you a meal :
By its bitemark , you shall know them , according to some marine biologists who looked into the distinct dental features of various species of sharks .
Although there are overlapping features , like tooth spacing and the fraction of the jaw covered in teeth , it 's possible to combine the bite data with information about shark attacks ( habitat , feeding approach , etc. ) to provide reasonable certainty about the species and size of shark responsible .
I would have thought that knowing a shark tried to eat you would be enough but , according to one of the authors , that just is n't so .
" There 's a psychological need for many shark attack victims to know what bit them , " U of Florida 's George Burgess said .
" One of the few things shark attack victims have going for them after a bite is bragging rights and the bragging rights include knowing what did the damage . "
Eat , drink , and be merry , for getting old sucks :
An old saying goes something along the lines of youth being wasted on the young , since they do n't know how to appreciate it .
It turns out they do n't have a good grip on getting old , either .
Survey results indicate that young people typically equate getting old to being miserable , and that pessimism influences their behavior .
" Young male binge drinkers are particularly prone to thinking that happiness declines with age , " the study 's authors ' discovered .
Fluorescent praire voles are a stepping stone to messing with family values :
We can perform all sorts of genetic tricks with standard lab mice , but mice do n't actually lend themselves to the study of things like mating behavior for a simple reason : they mate with anything in the same cage , provided it's of the opposite sex .
Some of the more interesting studies of mating behavior have taken place in a different rodent , the vole , where a monogamous species ( the prairie vole ) is closely related to a species that swings ( the meadow vole ) .
So , some researchers decided it was time to introduce the voles to molecular genetics , and created the first transgenic prairie vole .
The team inserted the current gene of choice for transgenic labeling as a test case , the green fluorescent protein , so the voles should now glow when exposed to UV .
Choosing sides in the predator - prey battle :
The experimental protocol of this study seems a bit perverse : to explore the impact of predation on some lizards , the authors built artificial trees that gave some birds a better opportunity to wait for a chance to eat them .
That had a knock - on effect , in that the lizards that were exposed to new predators changed their eating habits , switching to smaller targets in order to spend less time out in the open eating , which would expose them to the newly arrived bird population .
Gil Kerlikowske , director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , specifically cited problems regulating the clinics in the Los Angeles area that dispense medical marijuana .
He also pointed to reports of robberies and assaults that have occurred in and around medical marijuana dispensaries in the Los Angeles area .
“ I would say that the recommendation for any state that ’s considering moving to medical marijuana is to look very closely at what ’s been occurring in California , ” Kerlikowske said .
Kerlikowske , the former police chief in Seattle , reported better results for the medical marijuana law in Washington State .
“ It was not as significant a problem for law enforcement as it was in , as it is in , Los Angeles , ” Kerlikowske said .
Iowa ’s pharmacy board is holding hearings around the state to collect input on the medical use of marijuana and could decide to make a recommendation to state lawmakers .
Kerlikowske said his office in the past has given its opinions to states opposing medical marijuana but he stopped short of making such a recommendation Monday .
Kerlikowske was in Iowa for a roundtable and series of events with Iowa treatment providers and law enforcement officials as he seeks input for a national drug control strategy due out next year .
One of the participants , Cerro Gordo County Sheriff Kevin Pals , said he does n’t think people should be allowed to smoke marijuana for medical conditions .
“ How are you going to enforce that ?
You know , you ’re going to see people out in public smoking a joint .
I ’m not sure we ’re ready for that or that it ’s needed , ” Pals said .
Kerlikowske also listened to Iowa ’s experience in battling drug abuse , especially problems with methamphetamine .
A report issued Monday found that methamphetamine activity in Iowa , after declining for five years , is now on the rise .
The Governor ’s Office of Drug Control Policy said there have been small increases in the number of meth - related treatment admissions , meth labs and manufacturing meth in the presence of a minor cases .
Although the numbers are up , they are still well below their levels five years ago .
Kerlikowske detailed some of the strategies that have helped reduce the illegal manufacturing of meth in other parts of the country .
One state that has had success is Oregon , where pseudoephedrine is available only by prescription .
The drug , found in cold and allergy medications , is a key ingredient in making meth .
“ Not only are their laboratories significantly reduced , but also the number of people coming into the jail system with a problem for methamphetamine is significantly down compared to other places , ” Kerlikowske said of Oregon ’s regulation .
Gary Kendell , director of Iowa ’s Office of Drug Control Policy , said the state has seen a resurgence of methamphetamine labs although not to the extent that other states have .
Kendell said an electronic tracking system for pseudoephedrine that should be up and running next year should be given a chance to work .
“ We think that that ’s going to provide us with a good tool to reduce access of these cooks to the pseudoephedrine products , ” Kendell said .
Source : Globe - Gazette ( IA )
Author : Charlotte Eby , Globe Des Moines Bureau
Published : November 2 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 Globe - Gazette
Contact : news@globegazette.com
Website : http://www.globegazette.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/Zy2L40Zt
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/medical.shtml
The Law Offices of Norman Mattar
WNY Lawyer Focusing on Criminal Defense , Estate Planning , & More
Criminal Defense • Wills / Estates • DWI • Personal Injury
The Law Office of Norman Mattar is located in Williamsville , NY .
Norman Mattar is available for telephone consultations 24 hours a day .
When his office number is called , he will be paged and return your call immediately .
Attorney Norman Mattar is a sole practitioner who has 52 associate attorneys that assist him with his cases .
When you retain Mr. Mattar , you can rest assured that he will be personally involved in your case every step of the way .
He prides himself on seeing that his cases come to fruition in a timely manner .
Whether you ca n’t leave your home or you ’re bedridden within a local hospital , one of our representatives will arrive on the scene to serve your legal needs .
We take a personalized approach to law that you ’re not going to get with competing firms .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The Joint Special Operations Command , which oversees special operations for the U.S. military , has been hiring out infamous military contracting firm Blackwater for operations in Pakistan , reports Jeremy Scahill in The Nation .
Blackwater , whose soldiers are posing as aid workers , is tasked with snatching terrorists and scouting for predator drone attacks in Pakistan , with which U.S. has a cooperative but tenuous partnership in fighting terrorism .
The revelation raises serious questions about why the military is still using Blackwater , which was pulled from Iraq after allegations of killing civilians , and what this will mean for our relationship with Pakistan .
Cheney 's Kill Squads
The Nation 's Jeremy Scahill details " an extremely cozy relationship that developed between the executive branch ( primarily through Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld ) and JSOC .
During the Bush era , Special Forces turned into a virtual stand - alone operation that acted outside the military chain of command and in direct coordination with the White House .
Throughout the Bush years , it was largely General McChrystal who ran JSOC . "
Col. Lawrence Wilkerson , former Chief of Staff to then - Secretary of State Colin Powell , told Scahill :
I think Cheney was actually giving McChrystal instructions , and McChrystal was asking him for instructions .
[ The relationship between JSOC and Cheney and Rumsfeld ] " built up initially because Rumsfeld did n't get the responsiveness .
He did n't get the can - do kind of attitude out of the SOCOM commander , and so as Rumsfeld was wont to do , he cut him out and went straight to the horse 's mouth .
At that point you had JSOC operating as an extension of the [ administration ] doing things the executive branch -- read : Cheney and Rumsfeld - - wanted it to do .
This would be more or less carte blanche .
You need to do it , do it .
It was very alarming for me as a conventional soldier .
Collateral Damage Crooked Timber 's Chris Bertram worries about aid works .
" Nasty stuff , not the least of which is the allegation that Blackwater operatives are masquerading as aid workers .
The predictable consequence will be that aid workers ( and not just in Pakistan ) will be targeted for assassination , kidnap and torture to a greater degree than at present .
Hard to exaggerate just how bad this is . "
Congress Kept In Dark ?
Marcy
Wheeler suggests this story could be news to a lot of high - ranking officials .
" It confirms what [ The New Yorker reporter ]
Sy Hersh reported last year –that these covert actions were ( and may still be ) eluding Congressional oversight , that Dick Cheney directed their activities directly , " she writes .
" Now , this is all presented in the context of CIA failing to keep [ the Director of National Intelligence ] in the loop on covert actions .
There ’s no mention of whether JSOC is briefing DNI on its own covert actions –though the implication of Scahill ’s piece and Hersh ’s earlier reporting is that JSOC side - stepped all of that , and reported directly to [ the Vice President ] . "
Bad News For Pakistan Harper 's Scott Horton predicts political turmoil .
" Meanwhile , in Pakistan , newspapers have been filled with charges to the effect that the government knows of and is turning a blind eye to Blackwater ’s operations on their soil .
The Pakistani government has vehemently denied these charges , and Interior Minister Rehman Malik recently insisted that he will resign if Blackwater is proven to be operating in the country .
The minister may be in for an unpleasant surprise . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The only thing that ’s surprising about the current Tiger Woods saga is that it is surprising at all .
I have held off talking about the Tiger Woods fiasco , because I felt I had already said everything that is to be said about it during the last scandal ( and the one before ) to add anything new .
I ’d only be repeating myself .
But the continued given to the story by the media , including Psychology Today blogs – not to mention the consternation , outrage , disappointment , and all the other emotional reactions to it – leads me to conclude that I was wrong : I have not said enough , or else I have failed to convince people .
So I have decided to repeat myself .
In the very short time since I have been a “ blogger ” at Psychology Today , since February 2008 , there have been numerous sex scandals of politicians , athletes , and other celebrities : Eliot Spitzer ; Silvio Berlusconi ; David Paterson ; John Edwards ; Mark Sanford ; David Letterman , and now Tiger Woods .
This is nothing new .
The only puzzle is that some of them had to pay for the sex .
At least , Berlusconi , the only non-American on the list above , does not have to face the “ outrage ” and “ disappointment ” of his countrymen ; in Europe , for some reason , people know that this is normal for politicians and other powerful and resourceful men .
To recap everything I have said in the last two years on this blog , men do everything they do in order to get laid ( Read Part I , Part II , Part III , Part IV , Part V , Part VI ) .
This is mostly on the part of the men ; they do n’t necessarily know that they do everything they do in order to get laid .
They consciously think that they want to attain the highest political office in the state or in the country ; they want to become a successful businessman and make more money than anyone else ; they want to practice and play hard so that they can become the best in their sport ; they want to make America laugh so that they become the most successful entertainer .
Men want to do these things because they are evolutionarily designed to compete and achieve , and , when they do , women seek them out as sexual partners .
Highly successful men have sexual affairs , not because they want to ( if what men want mattered , all men would have a maximum number of affairs ) , but because women choose them .
As I have said again and again , sex and among humans and other mammals is an entirely female choice , not a male choice ; it happens whenever and with whomever women want , not whenever and with whomever men want .
What men want does n’t matter , because it ’s a constant .
What matters is what women want .
And Elin Nordegren and other “ wronged wives ” cannot really complain about their husbands ’ affairs .
As I explain in an earlier post , it ’s not like women want their husbands to them , but then it ’s not like they do n’t want them to cheat on them either .
They have chosen to marry the men precisely because they are the type of men who would cheat on their wives .
If they were the kind of men who would n’t ( and , more importantly , could n’t ) , then they would not have been attractive enough for the wives to marry .
Bill Clinton became the President of the United States , unconsciously , indirectly , and ultimately , so that he could get laid .
David Letterman became America ’s favorite entertainer , unconsciously , indirectly , and ultimately , so that he could get laid .
Tiger Woods became the most successful golfer in history , unconsciously , indirectly , and ultimately , so that he could get laid .
It would be a tremendous evolutionary puzzle if these men , after spending their entire lives attaining the status and resources they attained , then did n’t have affairs .
And their wives married them because they were the kind of men would could cheat on them .
Scientists are not in the business of making predictions for the future , at least not for the short run and not at the individual level , and , if they were , in the realm of human behavior , they would be wrong most of the time .
But here ’s a prediction that I can safely make for the year 2010 .
During the course of the year 2010 , there will be at least one sex scandal involving a notable politician , there will be at least one sex scandal involving a notable , and there will be at least one sex scandal involving other celebrities .
And the politicians , athletes , and celebrities involved will all be men .
Yes , this is the most banal prediction that anyone can make .
( I also predict that there will be lots of snow in Buffalo , NY , this winter . )
But do me a favor :
If you are going to complain that my prediction is banal , which it is , then please do n’t act surprised when it comes true , which it inevitably will .
A statement cannot simultaneously be banal and surprising ( let alone outrageous and disappointing ) at the same time .
If , on the other hand , I turn out to be wrong in my prediction , I will hang up my hat as an evolutionary psychologist , and , after the last of the monkeys fly out of my ass , become a social constructionist feminist .
Get back to me in January 2011 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Relatives are waiting to hear whether a British man convicted of drug smuggling in China has been executed .
Akmal Shaikh had been told he would be killed at 1030 ( 0230 GMT ) on Tuesday , but it is not yet clear whether the sentence has been carried out .
The UK government made a last - ditch appeal for clemency on Monday on the grounds that the 53 - year - old , from London , is said to be mentally ill .
China 's Supreme Court had said the evidence for this was insufficient .
The BBC understands that if the execution has gone ahead , the Chinese authorities will inform the British authorities at a senior level .
British officials will first let Mr Shaikh 's family know , and then the media .
Just before the execution deadline Mr Shaikh 's two cousins , who visited him on Monday , issued a statement at Beijing Airport repeating calls for leniency because of his mental state .
But at the same time an official statement from the Xinhua news agency reiterated China 's Supreme Court ruling that the evidence that Mr Shaikh suffers from mental illness was " insufficient " .
Mr Shaikh 's family say he suffers from bipolar disorder and was duped into carrying a suitcase containing 4 kg of heroin for a criminal gang in 2007 .
They say the Chinese authorities have ignored evidence of his condition and refused to carry out a full mental health assessment .
' Done everything possible '
On Monday , Foreign Office minister Ivan Lewis held last - ditch talks with the Chinese ambassador in London .
It 's entirely inappropriate that he be put to death
Foreign Office minister Ivan Lewis
Executions shrouded in secrecy
The meeting followed what Mr Lewis said were " 27 representations over the last two years " to the Chinese government over the case .
Afterwards , he told the BBC : " I believe we have done everything we possibly can . "
He said he hoped the UK 's relationship with China would " count for something in the end " , adding : " It 's entirely inappropriate that he be put to death .
" It can not be right that there has not been any medical assessment done of Mr Shaikh 's mental condition .
In any judicial system that simply cannot be acceptable . "
The BBC's Beijing correspondent , Chris Hogg , said secrecy surrounding executions - and the judicial process in general - in China means it is impossible to know if an individual has received a fair trial or not .
But human rights charity Amnesty International UK said Chinese criminal law did allow for somebody with a mental illness to receive a lighter punishment and it would not be unprecedented to use that provision in this case .
' Lost touch ' A protest has been going on outside the Chinese Embassy in London , calling for clemency for Mr Shaikh and those present include representatives of charity MDF , The Bipolar Organisation .
Spokesman Robert Westhead told the BBC that when in a " manic " phase of the illness , Mr Shaikh may have " lost touch with reality " .
CHINA DEATH PENALTY China executed 1,718 people in 2008 , according to Amnesty International Last year 72 % of the world 's total executions took place in China , the charity estimates
It applies to 60 offences , including non-violent crimes such as tax fraud and embezzlement
Those sentenced to death are usually shot , but some provinces are introducing lethal injections " Anyone in a normal state of mind - and no doubt him when he was well - would n't dream of taking someone 's baggage .
When manic he probably thought , ' Fine , what a great idea ' . "
Mr Shaikh 's final appeal was turned down last week .
He would become the first EU national to be executed in China in 50 years .
His cousins , Soohail and Nasir Shaikh , informed him of his fate as they spent 90 minutes with him on Monday at the secure hospital in Urumqi where he has been held .
A spokesman for the Chinese embassy in London said Mr Shaikh was found with enough heroin to kill 26,800 people .
" Drug trafficking is a grave crime worldwide , " he said .
" The general public has a deep - seated hatred toward it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You saw our unofficial advice guide to flying after the crotchbomb .
Here are the new Homeland Security Transportation Security Administration 's official security rules .
Read on to get all the hairy details .
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY
Transportation Security Administration
Aviation Security Directive
Subject : Security Directive
Number : SD 1544-09-06
Date : December 25 , 2009
EXPIRATION : 0200Z on December 30 , 2009
This Security Directive ( SD ) must be implemented immediately .
The measures contained in this SD are in addition to all other SDs currently in effect for your operations .
INFORMATION : On December 25 , 2009 , a terrorist attack was attempted against a flight traveling to the United States .
TSA has identified security measures to be implemented by airports , aircraft operators , and foreign air carriers to mitigate potential threats to flights .
APPLICABILITY : THIS SD APPLIES TO AIRCRAFT OPERATORS THAT CARRY OUT A SECURITY PROGRAM REGULATED UNDER 49 CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS ( CFR ) 1544.101(a ) .
ACTIONS REQUIRED :
If you conduct scheduled and / or public charter flight operations under a Full Program under 49 CFR 1544.101 ( a ) departing from any foreign location to the United States ( including its territories and possessions ) , you must immediately implement all measures in this SD for each such flight .
1. BOARDING GATE
1 . The aircraft operator or authorized air carrier representative must ensure all passengers are screened at the boarding gate during the boarding process using the following procedures .
These procedures are in addition to the screening of all passengers at the screening checkpoint .
1. Perform thorough pat - down of all passengers at boarding gate prior to boarding , concentrating on upper legs and torso .
2. Physically inspect 100 percent of all passenger accessible property at the boarding gate prior to boarding , with focus on syringes being transported along with powders and / or liquids .
3 . Ensure the liquids , aerosols , and gels restrictions are strictly adhered to in accordance with SD 1544 - 06 -02E .
2 . During the boarding process , the air carrier may exempt passengers who are Heads of State or Heads of Government from the measures outlined in Section I.A. of this SD , including the following who are traveling with the Head of State or Head of Government :
1. Spouse and children , or
2 . One other individual ( chosen by the Head of State or Head of Government )
3 . For the purposes of Section I.B. , the following definitions apply :
1. Head of State :
An individual serving as the chief public representative of a monarchic or republican nation - state , federation , commonwealth , or any other political state ( for example , King , Queen , and President ) .
2. Head of Government :
The chief officer of the executive branch of a government presiding over a cabinet ( for example , Prime Minister , Premier , President , and Monarch ) .
2. IN FLIGHT
1. During flight , the aircraft operator must ensure that the following procedures are followed :
1. Passengers must remain in seats beginning 1 hour prior to arrival at destination .
2. Passenger access to carry - on baggage is prohibited beginning 1 hour prior to arrival at destination .
3 . Disable aircraft - integrated passenger communications systems and services ( phone , internet access services , live television programming , global positioning systems ) prior to boarding and during all phases of flight .
4 . While over U.S. airspace , flight crew may not make any announcement to passengers concerning flight path or position over cities or landmarks .
5 . Passengers may not have any blankets , pillows , or personal belongings on the lap beginning 1 hour prior to arrival at destination .
AIRCRAFT OPERATOR ACKNOWLEDGMENT :
The aircraft operator must immediately provide written confirmation to its assigned PSI indicating receipt of this SD .
AIRCRAFT OPERATOR dissemination required :
The aircraft operator must immediately pass the information and directives set forth in this SD to all stations affected , and provide written confirmation to its PSI , indicating that all stations affected have acknowledged receipt of the information and directives set forth in this SD .
The aircraft operator must disseminate this information to its senior management personnel , ground security coordinators , and supervisory security personnel at all affected locations .
All aircraft operator personnel implementing this SD must be briefed by the aircraft operator on its content and the restrictions governing dissemination .
No other dissemination may be made without prior approval of the Assistant Secretary for the Transportation Security Administration .
Unauthorized dissemination of this document or information contained herein is prohibited by 49 CFR Part 1520 ( see 69 Fed. Reg. 28066 ( May 18 , 2004 ) .
APPROVAL OF ALTERNATIVE MEASURES : With respect to the provisions of this SD , as stated in 49 CFR 1544.305 ( d ) , the aircraft operator may submit in writing to its PSI proposed alternative measures and the basis for submitting the alternative measures for approval by the Assistant Administrator for Transportation Sector Network Management .
The aircraft operator must immediately notify its PSI whenever any procedure in this SD cannot be carried out by a government authority charged with performing security procedures .
FOR TSA ACTION ONLY :
The TSA must issue this SD immediately to the corporate security element of all affected U.S. aircraft operators .
FOR STATE DEPARTMENT : Retransmittal to appropriate foreign posts is authorized .
Post must refer to STATE 162917 , 201826Z Sep 01 , Subject : FAA Security Directives and Information Circulars : Definitions and Handling , for specific guidance and dissemination .
Gale Rossides
Acting Administrator
Puffy Cheek Squirrel leekita Uploaded by leekita on Jan 15 , 2009 .
Puffy Cheek Squirrel - Desktop Nexus Animals Download free wallpapers and background images : Puffy Cheek Squirrel .
Desktop Nexus Animals background ID 35419 .
Rating : 5.0 Wallpaper Comments ( 5 )
Posted by korelon on 09/17/12 at 07:33 AM
Posted by frog ( Guest ) on 03/12/09 at 07:40 PM
Posted by melissa321KABOOM on 01/15/09 at 08:30 PM
Posted by Rodent ( Guest ) on 01/15/09 at 09:44 AM
Posted by Eremit on 01/15/09 at 07:52 AM
View All Comments
' Fear detector ' being developed that will be able to sniff out terrorists
Security : Checkpoints could one day use ' fear detectors ' if a research project is successful
A device that smells human fear is being developed by British scientists and could soon be sniffing out anxious terrorists .
The technology relies on recognising a pheromone - or scent signal - produced in sweat when a person is scared .
Researchers hope the ' fear detector ' will make it possible to identify individuals at check points who are up to no good .
Terrorists with murder in mind , drug smugglers , or criminals on the run are likely to be very fearful of being discovered .
However calm they might appear on the surface , their bodies could give them away .
Although the research is at an early stage , the aim is to develop a prototype device in the next two to three years .
Evidence that the smell of fear is real was uncovered by US scientists last year who studied the underarm secretions of 20 terrified novice skydivers .
The researchers found that people appear to respond unconsciously to the sweat smell of a frightened person .
Scientists at City University London now hope to develop security sensor systems that can detect the human fear pheromone .
Team leader Professor Tong Tun told The Engineer magazine : ' The challenge lies in the characterisation and identification of the specific chemical that gives away the signature of human fear , especially the fear in relation to criminal acts . '
The project will look at potential obstacles to reliable detection such as the effects of perfume , and natural differences between individuals .
If the initial 18 - month feasibility study is successful , the first detectors could be developed in the next two to three years , said Prof Tun .
She added : ' I do not see any particular reason why similar sensor techniques cannot be expanded to identify human smells by race , age or gender to build a profile of a criminal during or after an incident . '
In the US study , scientists at Stony Brook University in New York State used taped absorbent pads to soak up sweat from the skydivers ' armpits just before they made their first tandem jump .
Other volunteers , who were not told the true nature of the experiment , were later asked to sniff the samples through a nebuliser .
At the same time , their brains were scanned .
The study showed that the scent of sweat from the scared skydivers triggered a heightened response in brain regions associated with fear .
But sweat samples taken from the skydivers as they ran on a treadmill - with their feet safely on the ground - did not have the same effect .
Animals are known to produce ' alarm pheromones ' to alert each other to danger .
I made tiny gingerbread houses that are meant to be perched on the edge of a mug of hot chocolate .
I had been thinking about those sugar cubes that hook on the rim of a teacup earlier this month , and I was also thinking about 3 - D cookies and how they fit together and figured it would be pretty neat to make cookies that hang on the edge of a mug .
I thought I was being so brilliant but it only took a few seconds to discover that a flat cookie on the edge of a mug has already been done .
So I started wondering what else I could do .
At the time I was making a bunch of gingerbread recipes trying to find one that would hold up for my partridge in a pear tree cookie , so a gingerbread house was on my mind .
I made a few versions to figure out how to make one that was n’t so top heavy that it would flip off the mug , and how small I could get away with and still fit on both large and small cups .
I generally followed the size of my The Mini Gingerbread House Kit ( though , those pieces do n’t fit together as nicely as I ’d have liked ) .
I ’ve made a PDF pattern of gingerbread house pieces which you can open or download right here .
My only instruction is that you should make sure that the wall pieces are to be sandwiched on the inside of the door pieces , that way the roof fits on properly .
I included two door pieces you can choose from , one at 3/8ths inch wide and one at 1/2 inch wide .
I found that a 3/8ths inch door , or slot , fits most mugs but the 1 /2 can be used for your really big and heavy mugs .
I traced the pieces onto this template page at 9:54 in the evening , please forgive the sloppiness but I ’m getting tired , let ’s just call the untidy lines charming .
I used the Gingerbread Snowflake and the Royal Icing recipes from marthastewart.com .
I rolled it out onto a sheet of tin foil at 1/8th inch thick .
I skipped a silicone mat because I use a paring knife for the corner details and did n’t want to accidentally cut down to the layers of glass fibers , and after some trial I found that parchment paper will warp after being chilled and then stuck in an oven which can distort some shapes .
I used a dull sewing pattern roller ( like a small pizza cutter ) to go around most sides .
You can do all of one side than turn the entire sheet of tin foil 90 degrees to do all of the next side , this makes the process go a bit faster .
Try to fit all the pieces for each individual house in the same batch , I found my batches browned differently from each other .
Lift the excess dough up from the tin foil , not moving your cut out shapes at all , this will help them keep their shape .
Then slide the tin foil sheet onto a cookie sheet and put both in the freezer for about 15 minutes , you want the dough really well chilled before baking .
I used a ( well cleaned ) flat head screwdriver to get in the detail around the doors , then a paring knife to make sure the corners are cut cleanly .
Here are some tips , most of these are in the recipe but I do n’t want you to overlook them :
After making it divide the dough into thirds ( I made half a recipe ) wrap in plastic wrap and chill in the fridge for at least an hour , preferably overnight .
Make the royal icing while it ’s chilling , you ’ll need it before you make all the gingerbread you are planning on .
Roll the dough out to 1/8th of an inch .
It seems impossibly thin but you be cutting the shapes and pulling the excess dough from around them so your pieces wo n’t be too disturbed .
Feel free to nudge your shapes back into squares before chilling them again .
Preheat the oven , roll the dough out on tin foil , cut your shapes and lift off the excess dough , slide the tin foil onto your cookie sheet , now put the cookie sheet into the freezer for at least 15 minutes before baking .
This will keep the gingerbread from spreading too much .
Make a single test house with your chosen door width .
This sounds like a pita , and it will be , but it will be far less trouble than the frustration of finding none of your finished houses fit on mugs .
Knowing now that you need to cut a wider door is worth it .
I found that dough chilled for only an hour puffed up quite a bit , but did n’t necessarily spread if the cut out shapes were chilled in the freezer .
Dough that had been in the fridge overnight , or even the second day ( it ’ll keep for a few days ) puffed up quite a bit less , perhaps because the baking powder had lost it ’s mojo by this time ?
If you suspect your intended mugs are thicker and sturdier than usual grab some cardstock or a magazine insert and cut a few different slots — 1/4 , 3/8 and 1/2 inch wide , about two inches deep ( or tall ) .
The one that slides easily onto the edge of you mug and even has a little wiggle room is the width you want for your door .
If your gingerbread should spread and the doors look too narrow to you , you can trim them when the gingerbread is just out of the oven before it sets and cools too much .
I suggest a paring knife and trimming just a bit from either side of the door .
I decided to only decorate the roofs for now .
I might make these again next year and get more detailed with the decorations .
I used a variety of sugars and sprinkles .
One note , I discovered that candy cane dust will stick together so well that it will not show any piping detail beneath it .
I liked the way regular sanding sugar made the roof sparkle a bit , though I could n’t capture the cuteness in my pictures .
Do n’t fill your mug of hot chocolate too full , you do n’t want the bottom of your gingerbread house to get soggy .
Can you tell the crushed candy cane one was my favorite ?
I would be these would be fantastic made out of sugar cookie or shortbread dough .
You could certainly leave them undecorated , or perhaps press sanding sugar into the roof pieces before baking .
On the other hand I ’m curious to see what one would look like covered in pieces of tiny candies .
I ’m also planning on making house - shaped marshmallows that will fit on the edge of the mug .
update : I made a few variations including a chimney and a version made out of sugar cookie dough which you might be interested in .
A 16 - year - old girl has made a controversial start to her modelling career , posing nude for the cover of a surfing magazine .
With only strategically placed limbs barely covering her modesty , Ella Rose Corby , of Kingscliff in northern NSW , has appeared naked on the cover of .
The November cover of Stab featuring Ella Rose Corby .
Credit : Tweed Daily News
The move has been criticised in both modelling circles and in Ella 's home town , with local MP Justine Elliot labelling it " inappropriate . "
Loading
But the magazine , which is known for its edginess and celebration of parties and sex , has defended the decision , claiming " the lines were blurred " and teenage girls such as Ella - who won the shoot in a modelling competition - were " moving into womanhood and they know it " .
" You can leer at the 16 - year - old as you would an adult woman , so long as you 're ignorant , " writer Mike Jennings said .
" Once you become aware of their age you must look away . "
The Tweed Daily News
Apparently Microsoft 's COFEE software that helps law enforcement grab data from password protected or encrypted sources is leaking all over the internet .
So not only can you steal the software , but break the law by using it too .
Advertisement
Yep , it 's all out there on the internet , but if you use it to grab private data from someone else 's computer chances are you 're in for a world of legal hurt .
It 's one of the few pieces of software I can think of where the subsequent use is more illegal than the act of downloading it .
Advertisement
But I know it 's not the only one .
What else can you guys come up with ?
[ CrunchGear , Pirate Merch ]
Scientists at the Indian Space Research Organisation ( Isro ) are on the brink of a path - breaking discovery .
They may have found signs of life in some form or the other on the Moon .
They believe so because scientific instruments on India ’s first unmanned lunar mission , Chandrayaan - 1 , picked up signatures of organic matter on parts of the Moon ’s surface , Surendra Pal , associate director , Isro Satellite Centre ( Isac ) , said at the international radar symposium here on Friday .
Organic matter consists of organic compounds , which consists of carbon — the building block of life .
It indicates the formation of life or decay of a once - living matter .
Pal said the signatures were relayed back to the Bylalu deep space network station near Bangalore by the mass spectrometer on board the Indian payload , the moon impact probe ( MIP ) , on November 14 , 2008 .
The relay of data happened moments before it crashed near the Moon ’s south pole .
The MIP was the first experiment of the Chandrayaan - 1 mission , which was launched on October 22 , 2008 .
Pal , however , did not elaborate , but concluded saying “ the findings are being analysed and scrutinised for validation by Isro scientists and peer reviewers ” .
“ It is too early to say anything , ” said the director of Isro ’s space physics laboratory R Sridharan , who is heading the team of MIP data analysis and study .
He , however , did not deny the finding .
DNA later inquired with other senior Chandrayaan - 1 mission scientists , who not only confirmed the finding , but gave further details .
“ Certain atomic numbers were observed that indicated the presence of carbon components .
This indicates the possibility of the presence of organic matter ( on the Moon ) , ” a senior scientist told DNA .
Interestingly , similar observations were made by the US ’s first manned Moon landing mission , the Apollo - 11 , in July 1969 , which brought lunar soil samples back to Earth .
But due to a lack of sophisticated equipment then , the scientists could not confirm the finding .
However , traces of amino acids , which are basic to life , were found in the soil retrieved by the Apollo - 11 astronauts .
The Chandrayaan - 1 scientists , at present , are analysing the source of origin of the Moon ’s organic matter .
“ It could be comets or meteorites which have deposited the matter on the Moon ’s surface ; or the instrument that landed on the Moon could have left traces , ” a senior space scientist said .
“ But the presence of large sheets of ice in the polar regions of the Moon , and the discovery of water molecules there , lend credence to the possibility of organic matter there , ” he said .
By Paul Baker
BBC East
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A conversion kit claiming to allow vehicles to run more efficiently using water does not work , a BBC investigation has discovered .
Hydrofuel devices are widely available on the internet , with customers paying up to £ 500 to get their car converted .
Companies selling them claim they are environmentally friendly and will make vehicles up to 30 % more fuel efficient .
But Inside Out East tested one device sold by a Norfolk company at an industry testing centre and found it made no difference .
The device tested was supplied by Hydrofuel - Systems in Aylsham , Norfolk .
Its main component is a stainless steel vessel containing water and electrodes .
It generates bubbles of oxygen and hydrogen gas by electrolysis , using an electrical current .
I 'm afraid for fuel economy , there is no improvement
Neil Fulton
The device is fitted under the bonnet of the car and draws its power from the car battery .
The mixture of oxygen and hydrogen is piped into the air intake of the engine and is supposed to add to the conventional fuel .
Graham Mace , from Norfolk , was keen to clean up his Range Rover 's green credentials .
He was delighted when he found the device on the internet and was told he would save up to 30 % on diesel .
He bought one for £ 295 and logged fuel consumption over a period of three months but found no improvement .
He then tried several modifications suggested by Hydro - Fuel Systems but after spending around £ 700 in total , he still had not saved a penny in fuel .
The BBC had a car fitted with a hydrofuel device by Hydrofuel - Systems .
It was taken to Millbrook Proving Ground in Bedfordshire , where a series of tests were carried out .
Withdrawn from sale
The conclusion of the government - approved tests was that the device had no effect at all .
Neil Fulton , manager powertrain engineering at Millbrook , said : " We have conducted tests , over many different driving conditions , in the laboratory .
I 'm afraid for fuel economy , there is no improvement . "
When confronted with the evidence , Steven Cordner of Hydro - Fuel Systems claimed the system worked but admitted he had no proof to show us .
He said they had stopped selling the product .
The devices are still widely available on the internet , with prices ranging from £ 100 to £ 500 .
Nick Collings of Cambridge University , has studied the claims made for the devices and concluded that they cannot work .
In fact he says they make cars on average 2 % less efficient .
" With these devices , it takes more gasoline to generate the electrical energy needed to create the hydrogen , than it can contribute back to the engine . "
Steve Cordner , director of Hydrofuel - Systems refused to be interviewed but told the BBC that the systems did work .
He also said that they were withdrawing them from sale .
The full report can be seen on Inside Out ( BBC East ) on BBC One at 1930 BST on Monday , 19 October .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
That was great !
But that girl will probably be mortified by that video in a few years .
# deirdreshores
Some 150 anarchists and other counter - demonstrators showed their mettle yesterday afternoon against a troop of around 60 neo - Nazis , mostly from out - of - state , who marched from 12th Avenue and Adams down to the Arizona state Capitol , flipping sieg heils and crying , " White power " all the way .
The anarchists , who made up the majority of the counter - protesters , met the swastika - flag - wielding National Socialist Movement members at 15th Avenue and Washington , and followed them down to the state Senate lawn at 17th Avenue and Jefferson .
About 100 Phoenix Police officers , some of them on horseback , kept the peace by enforcing a distance between the two groups .
Although a couple of plastic bottles were thrown at one point , the only casualty for the NSMers came as a result of their own error , when they caused an accident at 7th Avenue and Van Buren in one of the rental cars they left in after the demo .
An unidentified Nazi was rushed away in an ambulance for an injury to his leg .
Phoenix Police Sgt. Brian Murray confirmed at the scene that the accident was the fault of the Nazis , whose small white car collided with a large red truck .
None of the Nazis were taken into custody , though the truck 's driver was arrested for not having I.D. and proof of insurance .
Murray said the arrested driver would be ticketed and released as long as he had no outstanding warrants .
The driver of the Nazi car was ticketed as well , but according to NSM spokesman Charles Wilson , the Nazi wheel man refused to sign the citation .
Wilson later blamed the accident on the police , saying the cops were supposed to have kept the street clear for the Nazis ' exit .
Hey , at least Wilson did n't blame it on the Jews .
Other than this accident , the day 's events were full of noise and posturing and not much else .
Three armies dressed in black did their kabuki dance : the cops , the stormtroopers , and the anarchists .
Some of the Nazis bore red shields with the NSM logo and the swastika .
Others carried Nazi flags , Confederate flags , or American flags perversely altered to represent the National Socialist Movement .
The Nazis had a drummer keeping time as they marched and chanted slogans such as " Whose streets ?
Our streets , " and " No reds , no Jews , the Mexicans must go , too . "
The Nazis goosestepped down the south side of Washington , while the anarchists took the north sidewalk , with a platoon of Phoenix 's finest marching down the street 's middle .
The anarchists taunted the Nazis with chants such as " Nazis go home , " and " No racists , no classes , no motherfucking fascists . "
They held signs and placards that read " Fuck you , Nazis , " " Nazis stay out of Phoenix , " or just swastikas with red lines marked through them .
Many wore bandannas to hide their identities , and many waved black flags , beat drums or shook handmade rattlers .
I spotted local neo -Nazis Harry Hughes and Scott Hume in the mix , as well as J.T. Ready , comically wearing some furry Tyrolean hat .
I asked NSM " commander " Jeff Schoep why he was only able to produce less than half of the promised 200 Nazis he 'd bragged to authorities he was bringing .
He sputtered something about the police " protecting " the anarchists , whom he referred to as " your friends . "
( Schoep is no great communicator . )
In reality , there was little doubt about who the cops were protecting .
If I even got close to the wannabe shutzstaffels they whined to the police that I was provoking them .
What babies .
On the lawn of the Capitol , with a cordon of cops ringing them , the Nazis acted like , well , Nazis .
Some ripped up Mexican flags , spat on them , and wiped their rears with the remnants .
I heard one tatted - up skinhead yell to a man in the crowd , " You 'd make a nice lampshade . "
Many dared the anarchists to cross the police line , calling them " faggots , " though these steel - toed boot boys seemed in no rush to do so themselves .
As for the counter - protesters , they kept up a constant volume of noise to drown out the blackshirts ' speeches .
At one point , they chanted , " Hey , neo - Nazi , you 're an immigrant , too . "
At another , they cried , " Follow your leader and kill yourself . "
There were also plenty of plain ol ' " Fuck you , Nazis " and " Get the fuck out , " punctuated by middle fingers .
About a half - dozen Nazi leaders addressed the enraged counter - demonstrators , beginning with Schoep , who was easily the least inspiring of the bunch .
How this nudnik got to be the head of NSM , I do n't know , but it was not because of his speaking skills .
That 's for sure .
Skinny and pale , he does n't look like he'd be able to last very long in any sort of street brawl .
Hardly an exemplar of the master race .
" We will not be shouted down , " Schoep declared , as he was being shouted down .
Later , harping on the day 's anti-immigrant " America First " theme he spouted this unoriginal malarkey , " An illegal is an illegal .
You break the laws of this country , you go home .
We stand here for truth , justice and the American way , and to give our children , our people , a chance in this nation . "
This from a guy who , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , had four kids in a car with him while his daughter 's mom ripped off $ 4,000 in computer equipment .
Outfitted in a period S.A. costume , former NSM fuhrer Clifford Herrington briefly praised National Socialism in Spanish , then continued , " The Mexican government is the enemy of all working class people everywhere .
Ninety percent of the real value of Mexico ... is owned by Jewish [ capitalists ] .
They want you here causing problems with us because America is so much better , because our wages are so much better .
And they use you to break up the working class in this United States . "
In other words , it 's all because of the Joos .
These nimrods deny the Holocaust , yet continue to scapegoat its victims .
If these lumpen boobs had their way , they 'd kill another six million , and then some .
The biggest freak to spit at the mic -- and I mean , literally spit at it -- was Texas swastika - sniffer Victor Jeffcoat .
Raving , with twisted features , Jeffcoat denounced the " decadence " of those heckling him , declaring that he had served in the armed forces , and they had n't .
" You 're nothing more than the puppets of foreign bankers , " screamed Jeffcoat , saliva oozing from the sides of his mouth .
He added , " You do not deserve to speak .
You never served .
You never suffered .
Your suffering is without drugs .
Your suffering is without sex .
Your debaucherous behaviors ... your sick behaviors ... you create your porn , you create your sickness , you spread it like a cancer ... "
Wacky .
Remedial education and heavy psychotropic drugs might actually help Jeffcoat form coherent thoughts one of these days .
Otherwise , a rubber room and a shirt with wraparound sleeves could do wonders .
Though J.T. Ready hogged the news cameras , giving TV crews an impromptu press conference as his comrades spoke , I had the impression that the NSMers were not happy with the twice court - martialed Ernst Roehm of the East Valley .
He was given little time to speak , and his remarks were perfunctory , and hardly as rabble - rousing as his speech back in 2007 before a group of nativists on the Capitol lawn , with his pal state Senator Russell Pearce applauding him from the sidelines .
J.T. was present later at the accident , where I asked him if he supported Sheriff Joe Arpaio .
" Absolutely , " he replied .
Indeed , Arpaio knows who J.T. is , and greeted him by name at the May 2 counter - demonstration to the Walk for Respect to Joe 's jails .
That 's the same counter - demo where Arpaio stopped to give the Nazis a photo op , and passed on intelligence as to the location of the anti-Arpaio protesters .
Following the demo , the police and the anarchists escorted the Nazis east , and on to the spot where they 'd parked their cars .
The Nazis would n't tell me where their swastika - burning after - party was going to be , though I heard later that it was taking place somewhere in Maricopa city , perhaps at the home of neo -Nazi Harry Hughes .
I was not able to confirm this , but I was able to confirm J.T. 's personalized license plate : " NSM USA . "
That 's odd , as he continues to deny he 's a member of NSM .
NSM spokesman Charles Wilson played coy with me about the after - party location as we talked later on the phone .
He asked me why I wanted to know .
I explained that I 'd like to tell the anarchists where it was going to be .
He laughed .
Wilson might seem deranged in his public persona , but on the phone , he was quite civil , and we engaged in a brief debate over the lunacy of marching through the streets in 2009 AD with a swastika flag as your banner .
At least , it seems pretty dang cuckoo to me .
Overall , it was a good day for the anarchists .
None of them were arrested , injured or cited .
They outnumbered the Nazis over two - to - one , and they showed that some Phoenicians are willing to physically oppose crazed Hitler - worshippers traipsing through town with symbols of hatred .
Whatever bad rep the anarchists had before Saturday -- deserved or undeserved -- has now been absolved .
It 's the network , stupid
This is the landscape Canadian start - up Research In Motion faced at the tail end of the millennium .
It seemed clear that " staying connected on the road " was the Next Big Thing -- email had finally started to become a standard in corporate communication , after all -- but the roadblocks were many and formidable .
" Always on " cellular technologies like GPRS and 1xRTT were n't yet readily available , and circuit - switched data running over pervasive D - AMPS and CDMA networks was painfully slow and expensive -- not to mention a death wish for battery life .
Manufacturers and service providers took a two - pronged approach to overcoming the limitations : one , keep data consumption modest ; and two , bypass the traditional cellphone networks altogether .
Two - way paging networks like ReFLEX did n't have the bandwidth to handle the data demands of a late 1990s - era PDA with a big display , but DataTAC and Mobitex networks -- running at a blistering 19.2 Kbps and 8 Kbps , respectively -- were already widely deployed across North America .
Neither technology had been conceived with consumer use in mind , but they were robust , proven , and most importantly , available .
Palm takes a leap of faith -- and falls flat
Riding a wave of commercial successes , Palm saw the writing on the wall and plunged head - first into the connected market with its Palm VII , which used a Mobitex - based service called Palm .
net to offer bite - sized chunks of relevant data -- news headlines , weather , email , flight times , and the like -- on a device that resembled an overgrown Palm III with a flip - up antenna .
The product was troubled from the start .
Though Palm . net 's heart - stoppingly expensive monthly pricing was n't necessarily an issue for the business - minded target audience , the device relied on proprietary " web clippings " from content providers to reduce data consumption ; if your favorite newspaper did n't work with Palm to develop a web clipping app , you were stuck using the shoddy WAP browser .
What 's more , despite its whopping $ 599 sticker price , it failed to borrow from the high - end Palm V's legendary industrial design .
Palm hobbled along with two more Palm.net - compatible models , the VIIx and i705 , before the GSM - based Tungsten W along with Treos obtained through its acquisition of Handspring overshadowed the dedicated network and doomed it to closure in 2004 .
The BlackBerrys are n't ripe yet in Waterloo
Palm , of course , did n't need the Palm VII to succeed .
The company would go on to see plenty of success from its traditional PDA business and -- eventually , anyway -- the Treo smartphones it was able to add to the line through its acquisition of Handspring .
Meanwhile , the always - on , always - connected market was still waiting to be won , and RIM was perfectly positioned to take the prize .
It had been making Mobitex radio modules for industrial systems for many years , and in 1995 had introduced its Inter@ctive Pager 900 -- a fairly revolutionary product that promised two - way email communication from a device small enough to fit on a belt holster .
The technology was there -- RIM merely had to wait for email to become business - critical while working on making its hardware smaller , sexier , and ultimately , indispensable to anyone who picked it up .
In 1998 , the Inter@ctive Pager 900 -- a bulky brick with a flip - top display -- was succeeded by the smaller Inter@ctive Pager 950 .
As its name implied , RIM considered the 900 and 950 pagers first , emailing devices second ; paging was still a force to be reckoned with in the mid-90s ( SMS was yet to become relevant in North America ) and the company needed to identify with the paging crowd in order to find an audience .
Indeed , RIM 's own press release for the 950 proudly declared the device a " revolutionary two - way pager that allows users to both send and receive full - length , error - free , alphanumeric messages with guaranteed delivery . "
The 950 retailed for $ 360 with plans starting at $ 25 a month through BellSouth , one of several companies that would ultimately become Cingular ( and eventually AT&T Mobility , though Cingular 's Mobitex network -- Cingular Interactive -- would be sold off prior to the name change ) .
That pricing put the device well within the reach of any company who needed its employees a page ( or an email ) away .
RIM estimated that some 80 percent of pages required a response -- and at a time when one - way pagers still dominated the belts of field techs , executives , and doctors , the 950 was priced right to steal some of that market .
Even better , the 950 was barely larger than those one - way devices it sought to displace .
A legendary brand emerges
In early 1999 , RIM was in fat city .
It was coming off a record quarter of earnings thanks to brisk sales of its handhelds and new contracts for its wireless modems , but it was n't standing still .
On January 19 of that year , the company made a bold declaration : email 's the future .
The Inter@ctive Pager devices were excellent two - way pagers , yes , but that was n't where the market was going -- and RIM knew that it already had a powerful framework for mobile email in play .
It introduced a tight little solution called " BlackBerry , " which essentially bundled a version of its Inter@ctive Pager 950 with a PC dock , a new service for synchronizing to Microsoft Exchange accounts , and optionally , a product called BlackBerry Enterprise Server geared at corporations looking to manage fleets of these devices .
Unlike the Palm VII , BlackBerry did n't try to be fancy -- no " web clippings , " no huge touchscreen , no handwriting recognition , and no massive flip - up antenna .
Instead , RIM 's device was almost singly focused on delivering a killer email experience with a scroll wheel , relatively comfortable QWERTY keyboard , and true push service ( something many other platforms are still trying to get right ten years later , interestingly ) .
For suits who'd been sucked into the Exchange ecosystem for corporate email , BlackBerry was a brave new world -- a chance to untether -- and they came calling in droves .
And that was just the first couple months of the year .
Later in 1999 , RIM would release the Inter@ctive Pager 850 , which expanded BlackBerry 's North American footprint by bringing the technology to DataTAC networks in the US and Canada ( battery life dropped from the 950's claimed three weeks to just one week , but the 850's support for rechargeable NiMH packs made it a bit more palatable ) .
Shortly thereafter , the company announced that it would adopt Sun's Java 2 Micro Edition platform for third - party development in its devices , and -- for better or worse -- BlackBerry developers write in Java to this day .
A form factor more familiar
By 2000 , BlackBerry had cemented itself as a power brand -- a corporate status symbol .
Paging was on the way out , and RIM had somehow expertly ridden the wave right into mobile email as though that had been its plan all along .
Thing is , the display on the 850 and 950 models -- a carry - over from the Inter@ctive Pager days -- was n't particularly well - suited for reading emails , which tended to be longer and richer than old - school pages .
The solution ?
A much , much larger display .
RIM introduced the BlackBerry 957 in concert with BlackBerry OS 2.0 in April of 2000 .
It would prove to be a landmark device for RIM , though it may not have seemed that way at the time .
At its release , it was little more than an overgrown 950 , but unlike its little brother , the 957's basic form factor would ultimately stand the test of time -- and if you let your eyes go out of focus just a bit , you can actually see the beginnings of the ubiquitous user interface found on every BlackBerry sold today .
At this point , carriers and content partners were really starting to get it : to borrow a phrase from a 2000 press release detailing a new partnership with Nortel , RIM was becoming a champion of the " always on , always connected " internet , and everyone wanted in on the mojo ( Nortel had just invested $ 25 million in RIM ; ironically , RIM would try to buy a large chunk of Nortel 's bankrupt remains just nine years later ) .
Rogers ( then Rogers AT&T ) , Bell Mobility , and BT were among the heavyweight networks to welcome BlackBerry to their lineups .
AOL created a version of AOL Instant Messenger for the platform , and RIM started bundling its first web browser with the 950 and 957 , though using it ran a stiff $ 9.95 a month -- for 25 KB .
Yes , twenty - five whopping kilobytes !
Fortunately , unlimited service was available for another $ 10 , although it 's amusing to think that wireless data devices were ever rudimentary enough , mobile content services simple enough , and networks slow enough to justify a service that allotted just a few thousand bytes every month .
Today , cloud computing is a fact of life ; if you use Gmail , Facebook , Flickr , or any of their contemporaries , much of what makes you who you are is stored in some nebulously - defined network of servers you 'll never see -- computers that look like overgrown refrigerators , sound like jet engines , and live in cold , windowless facilities close to power plants and jaw - droppingly fast internet connections .
In 2001 , the cloud as we know it today was just an idea on a whiteboard ( and no one was calling it " the cloud " ) but BlackBerry customers were starting to taste bits and pieces of the experience .
RIM used CTIA Wireless in Vegas that year as the venue to introduce the next iteration of its connected experience : wireless calendar synchronization .
Up until this point , the BlackBerry platform had been about email first , everything else second ( and really , you could argue that 's still the code RIM lives by today ) , but the company was starting to acknowledge that a businessperson 's mobile office was about more than messaging -- and it's not always convenient to pop open the laptop to check the day 's schedule .
Besides , while RIM was making wireless data a mainstream concept in the pocket , laptop data cards were still exceedingly rare .
Of course , your average Joe off the street still could n't walk into their carrier 's shop , buy a BlackBerry , and get their personal Outlook calendar delivered over the aether -- but for corporate customers with Exchange and BES installations , things were really getting interesting .
BlackBerry did n't just commoditize mobile email or connected organization -- it helped pioneer the very concept of " push . "
Push continues to be an elusive , contentious technology for users of many systems , devices , and mobile platforms to this day -- the idea that you get new content pushed to you as it happens , rather than waiting until you request it -- but RIM was well ahead of the game here , touting its push technology by name as early as 2001 .
If someone shot you an email , you had it immediately .
Meeting requests zipped down to you the second they were made .
Of course , push would ultimately go on to become one of BlackBerry 's hallmarks and one of the major reasons users continue to cite for steadfastly refusing to try other platforms , no matter how outdated RIM 's well - worn interface may now seem by modern standards -- it 's a really powerful selling point .2001 marked a number of important new partnerships for RIM , too , including VoiceStream ( which would ultimately become T - Mobile USA ) and Italy 's TIM .
Maybe more interesting , though , was an announcement the company made at the very tail end of the year : it'd be developing a device compatible with Motorola 's iDEN network technology in partnership with Nextel .
iDEN 's claim to fame , of course , was ( and still is ) its push - to - talk interface -- so did this mean that a hybrid BlackBerry cellphone was in the works ?
Smartphones were still a novelty at the time and heavyweights like Microsoft had n't yet come to play ball , but the synergy was pretty obvious : road warriors do their email and take conference calls from the back of the cab on the way to LAX , after all .
For RIM , the decade has been filled with seemingly countless bouts of Law & Order - worthy courtroom drama , a theme that can trace its origins to November of 2001 when IP holding firm NTP -- whose mere mention causes knee - jerk grumbles of " patent troll ! " in some circles -- filed its first lawsuit against the company .
The suit focused on technologies surrounding the wireless transmission of email , which ... well , kind of sums up RIM 's entire business model , so the spat naturally garnered its fair share of attention .
After some four and a half years of legal action , tentative settlements , and breakdowns , RIM and NTP finally came to terms to the tune of $ 612.5 million -- considerably less than the $ 1 billion NTP had originally wanted , but still a breathtaking sum for a company that had done little more than sit on some purely theoretical technology .
Of course , RIM was sitting on an enviable IP portfolio of its own by this point , and that portfolio was starting to pay dividends right around the time of NTP 's original filing .
2002 saw a licensing agreement take hold with Palm ( without which the Treo line 's famously good keyboards would 've had a hard time existing ) and a series of claims filed against upstart rival Good Technology -- which at the time was working on a suspiciously BlackBerry - esque device called the G100 to accompany its server - side suite that duplicated much of RIM 's functionality .
Good would ultimately go on to abandon the G100 to focus strictly on software and services and undergo a couple takeovers -- most recently by well - known patent plaintiff Visto -- so the rough - and - tumble hardware biz clearly had n't treated them with as much kindness as it had RIM.2002 would prove to be a watershed year for the smartphone .
Nokia 's Communicator line had been around since the 1990s , but its models were niche devices -- bulky beasts that did n't function very well as phones , PDAs , or computers -- and they clearly were n't the catalyst the industry ( and consumers ) needed to take the concept mainstream .
Following news late in 2001 that there 'd be a BlackBerry coming to Nextel 's iDEN network , a flurry of press releases hit in the first part of ' 02 touting that new handhelds with " data and voice services " would be made available on carriers around the world ; AT&T in the States and Rogers AT&T in Canada both followed Nextel 's lead in committing to offering them .
Nextel 's announcement was especially positive , dropping the bombshell that the companies had signed a " multi- year " agreement to supply iDEN - powered BlackBerrys to the network .
Of course , that agreement must 've worked out pretty well for everyone involved , seeing how the relationship continues to the present day .
Well , at first , it turns out that RIM really would n't be helping mainstream smartphone adoption any more than Nokia had .
RIM 's very first voice - enabled BlackBerry handset -- the 5810 -- debuted on Rogers AT&T in April of 2002 for a stiff CAD $ 750 ( about $ 715 at today 's conversion rates ) , looking like nothing more than a 957 with a headset jacked into it .
That 's because it was nothing more than a 957 with a headset jacked into it .
Just as wireless calendar synchronization had taken a back seat to email , RIM was now treating another critically important function -- voice -- as an afterthought .
The all - important messaging experience was as good on the 5810 as it was on any BlackBerry before it , but everything about the glued - on phone functionality screamed " usability nightmare , " from the non-numeric pad digit layout to the handsfree permanently wired into place ( well , not permanently , but it may as well have been as long as you wanted to use the device as a phone ) .
Bluetooth and integrated speakerphones were yet to become must - have features in 2002 , and you certainly were n't going to find them here .
The engineers up at RIM headquarters were n't taking a breather , though -- far from it .
The early part of the decade was a pretty magical time for wireless , for mobile , and for gadgetry in general ; a primordial soup of paradigm - shifting technologies were all rapidly coming to fruition at the same time -- everything from cheap , high - quality color LCDs to lithium - ion polymer batteries and broadly - available data networks -- and phones from all companies were being developed , announced , and released more rapidly than they ever had been before .
Gone were the days of owning a DynaTAC for eight years or a StarTAC for four -- useful innovation was simply coming to market too quickly for consumers ( or manufacturers ) to get comfortable for more than a year or two at a stretch .
Make no mistake , it was a fun ( if not terribly expensive ) time to be paying attention to the market .
Just six months -- yes , merely half a year -- after launching its first voice - capable BlackBerry , RIM gave the people what they really wanted : the 6800 series , introduced at CTIA in October of 2002 .
Unlike the awkward 5810 , the 6810 and 6820 brought a proper earpiece to the equation , finally consummating the marriage of cellphone and connected organizer in a proper , usable way .
Though some of BlackBerry 's most important developments were yet to come , you could argue that this was RIM 's turning point -- the single , common ancestor to which every modern BlackBerry can trace its lineage .
At this point , the industry 's starting to show some early glimmers of awareness : it turns out that people like having their phone , their email , and their calendar in a single , pocketable device .
Go figure !
Of course , RIM was n't the only company having this revelation in 2002 ; Palm founder Jeff Hawkins ' pet project , Handspring , was just coming to market around the same time with the first members of its sexy , fully - integrated Treo line .
The first Treos -- the 180 and 180g -- were forgettable ( particularly the 180g , which tragically required Palm 's classic Graffiti handwriting input for text entry ) , but before the end of the year , the 270 ( for GSM networks ) and 300 ( for CDMA ) were both shipping .
That 's where things started to get interesting .
These suckers had color displays and at least pretended to do a decent job of web browsing using the company 's Blazer app -- something RIM could n't really claim with the 6800 .
The 270 and 300 were so interesting , in fact , that they ultimately led directly to the release of the Treo 600 the following year , one of the most significant and influential smartphones ever released ( it was so influential , in fact , that its genes still live on today in Palm 's Treo Pro ) .
Even though RIM had just launched the 6810 and 6820 , they were already looking outdated sitting on a table next to Handspring 's ( and later palm One's ) offerings .
It did n't really matter , though ; Waterloo 's secret sauce lay as much in its robust server - side capabilities as it did in the hardware itself .
What early BlackBerrys lacked in finesse , they made up for in manageability -- music to any IT staff 's ears .
Palm and Handspring , on the other hand , had both done a better job over the years of straddling the fence between office and home -- their devices had already been sold in big - box stores since the 90s , and the Treo seemed like a natural extension of that .
Palm , of course , lacked a well - known , enterprise - friendly push email solution ; for some , that was a deal breaker , but for others , the Treo 's sex appeal made it the obvious choice .
Indeed , RIM was still years away from hitting its stride with consumers ; just like its predecessors , carriers were positioning the 6800 series toward businesspeople alone , but the strategy certainly seemed to be paying dividends .
Before 2002 closed out , they 'd go on to announce the 6510 for Nextel and the 6850 for Verizon -- the company 's first CDMA device .
The world had started the year with a selection of zero BlackBerry phones and ended it with five .
The revolution had begun , and as it turned out , there was plenty of room in the market for RIM and Palm to both stake their claims -- the concept was still young , competition was yet to become fierce , and the target demographic was hungry for innovation .
Both companies would go on to hold significant pieces of the pie among business users ( particularly in North America ) in the latter half of the decade .
It was n't just Handspring ( and later palmOne ) with skin in the game , either .
Though it had a muted presence in North America , Nokia was jumping out to a commanding lead globally on the strength of its Symbian - based Series 60 platform , a lighter - weight derivative of the Series 80 core used on the Communicator series .
By the end of 2003 , some estimates had its smartphone market share near a staggering 90 percent worldwide .
That 's a stat you can't ignore , and RIM was eminently aware that it needed to capitalize on its " CrackBerry " reputation -- its strength as an enterprise software and services player -- and keep its hardware ego in check .
Sure , it now had several phones in the market , but so did everyone else -- so why try to beat 'em if you can just join 'em and still make money ?
To that end , early '03 saw the introduction of BlackBerry Connect on Symbian , bringing BlackBerry 's then - legendary corporate email capabilities to a seemingly limitless firehose of Nokia devices ( along with a couple Sony Ericssons ) and potentially upping RIM 's profile in the all - important European theater .
It also hit Windows Mobile and Palm OS the same year , cementing BlackBerry 's status as a platform , not just a line of devices .
The Connect solution would ultimately never gain the same level of popularity as the company 's handsets would for hooking up to BlackBerry servers , but from RIM 's perspective , that 's probably just as well -- they saw it as a win- win opportunity , and Nokia , Microsoft , and Palm very likely did as well .
Even in these early years , RIM had already reinvented itself a couple times ; gone were the days of " BlackBerry " meaning a small , ugly , all - black pager with all the ergonomics of a VAX that you could only get ( and probably were forced to take ) through your employer .
Thanks likely to the introduction of its range of smartphones in the prior few months , 2003 would be the year that the company started to finally dip its toe in what it called the " prosumer " market -- customers that were n't necessarily being offered a BlackBerry as part of an IT - managed fleet at their company , but still really needed ( and were willing to pay for ) always - on push email .
Cingular , T - Mobile , and others started to introduce POP and IMAP email access on their BlackBerry devices early that year , marking the first time they were viable options for one - off buyers .
Paying $ 30 a month for a mere 3MB of data service on top of a voice plan -- as Cingular was doing at the time -- was still a foreign concept to 99 percent of the non-enterprise market , but it marked one of the first early steps in acclimating end users to the idea .
Today , even for a high - feature dumbphone , $ 70 is a reasonable charge for monthly service and $ 120 or more is n't unheard of -- it 's a trade - off we 've collectively made to be connected all of the time , and RIM helped blaze that wallet - emptying trail .
RIM continued to press as hard on the hardware front in 2003 as it had in 2002 , proving it would n't let its hardware go quietly into the night and transform into a software firm the same way Good would .
The new 6200 series took baby steps toward the classic BlackBerry look we all know today by lightening and shrinking the package , squishing the 6800 's display down to a more typical landscape aspect ratio , and making it more functional than ever by stuffing in more RAM and introducing integrated attachment viewing .
Just a few months later , the company would introduce the 7200 series , its very first color models -- but they would n't look very familiar to a modern - day Bold owner .
Instead , the 7200 was nearly a dead ringer for its lower - end 6200 cousin , swapping out the low - resolution monochrome display for a 65,000 - color one that clocked in at just 240 x 160 pixels -- brutal by modern standards .
The crappy resolution on the new model could be chalked up in part to the fact that the screen was transflective , a sunlight - viewable tech that has been all but abandoned in modern smartphones because they simply do n't pony up sufficient eye candy -- these days , you need HVGA or WVGA resolution and killer contrast ratios to earn respect and market share .
The 7250 would also be RIM 's first EV - DO - capable handset , but taken as a whole , the series seemed built less to knock socks off and more simply to appease the market 's calls for a color BlackBerry .
In a way , it would mark the beginning of an age of R&D conservatism in Waterloo that plagues the company to this very day .
The year is 2004 .
Palm OS would arguably reach its zenith with the introduction of the Treo 650 , a model that refined the well - received 600 in all the right ways ( and brought about the slightly - curved QWERTY arrangement that most -- but not all -- future Palms would go on to use ) .
RIM signed up its millionth subscriber early in the year , a sign of great things to come over the next twelve months ; the company would be announcing new carrier deals in every corner of the world virtually every week , and the tall - display form factor introduced way back on the data - only 957 would have one last hurrah on the 7700 series .
2004 would also see the first speakerphone - enabled BlackBerry , Nextel 's 7510 for iDEN .
As with the 7200 , RIM going all - in with groundbreaking design or functionality -- both of the new models looked virtually identical to the 6200 of old , not a good thing considering that the 6200 had already looked pretty outdated by the time it was released .
The solution ?
Completely rethink the keyboard .
RIM came out of its slumber and rocked the boat later in ' 04 more than it had since the announcement of its first phones by rolling out the 7100 line -- along with a little something called " SureType . "
Up until that point , each and every BlackBerry that came off the line used a traditional QWERTY thumb board ; SureType turned things upside - down by doubling up two letters per key , a compromise between full QWERTY and the T9 / triple - tap world of numeric keypads .
Beyond SureType , though , the 7100 was a radically different design for RIM -- its first that made concessions to appeal to consumers .
It looked and worked vaguely like a phone .
Though it had n't yet succumbed to the d-pad trend , the 7100 also added dedicated Send and End keys above the keyboard and was marketed directly to consumers in T - Mobile , Cingular , Sprint , and Verizon stores .
Put simply , it was a predecessor to the Pearl in every sense of the word -- RIM finally had its eye squarely on the consumer side of the market , and it 'd end up paying off .
BlackBerry was more popular than ever .
In a year and a half , the service exploded from 1 million to over 4 million subscribers , but the time had come : RIM could no longer stretch the industrial design of the 6800 any further than it already had , and in late 2005 it finally took the bold ( but totally necessary ) step of redesigning its time - tested flagship from the ground up .
Waterloo rode the resulting lineup -- the 8700 series -- to new heights , deploying on dozens of carriers around the world with a theme that mimicked the 7100 that had been unveiled a year prior .
There were notable firsts : in North America , it became both the company 's first EDGE - compliant handset and its first with a QVGA display .
It was also the first QWERTY BlackBerry with a proper Send / End key arrangement ; needless to say , the modern BlackBerry we know today cemented its ancestry right here .
Though it supported EV - DO early on , RIM was much slower in taking up UMTS than most of its rivals , putting it at a distinct spec sheet disadvantage on Cingular in the US and virtually every carrier in Europe ( even the 8900 and brand - new 8500 lines stop at EDGE , practically unheard of for a smartphone from a major manufacturer these days ) .
Mercifully , some Europeans got a taste with certain variants of the 8700 that supported UMTS 2100 -- but Americans would still have years to wait .
By 2006 , every carrier that offered BlackBerry was more than happy to sell a 7100 or 8700 to Joe Six - Pack , regardless of corporate affiliation .
RIM and its partners had done a decent job of making it clear to would - be buyers that you did n't need to wear a suit , own an Exchange account , or get permission from your IT overlords to purchase , use , and enjoy a BlackBerry of your own .
Problem was , RIM had never designed and built a no -compromises consumer device .
The 7100 came within earshot , but by 2006 , times had changed -- you could n't put a phone ( smart or otherwise ) on the shelf without a camera and a handsome design and expect it to sell itself .
That all changed in September of '06 with the introduction of the 8100 series , a phone we would come to know better as the Pearl .
The fact that this was RIM 's first handset christened with a brand name underscored its intended target audience : this was solidly a consumer device .
Adopting the SureType input system first seen on the 7100 , everything about it screamed its consumer roots from the snazzy color palette to the presence of a 1.3 megapixel camera -- a BlackBerry first .
It also marked the introduction of the trackball , an utterly unique feature for a phone at the time and the genesis of the " Pearl " name ; it was the first time RIM had employed front - facing directional navigation of any kind , in fact , and as it turns out , they would n't look back .
As we know today , the Pearl would become a defining phone for RIM -- its own RAZR , in a way , but without the brutal downside than Motorola would go on to experience .
Versions of the handset were sold on virtually every carrier in North America and in many locales around the world ; some of those are still sold today , including a clamshell version in the 8200 series .
The design was so popular , in fact , that RIM took a mid-cycle opportunity to swap out the guts of the original GSM - flavored 8100 to add in a 2 megapixel camera , WiFi , and GPS .
In an industry as brutal and fickle as consumer wireless , it takes nothing less than a miracle to create a device with three solid years of market longevity .
Outside the Pearl line , RIM ultimately chose to split the bulk of its business -- the traditional QWERTY form factor -- into distinct consumer - and pro-oriented series starting with the Curve 8300 and 8800 in early 2007 .
Over the years , we 've gone on to witness the release of two more Curves -- the 8900 and 8500 -- along with three more pro models , spawning the Bold and Tour brands .
By the end of 2008 , RIM seemed to acknowledge the fuzzy line between its two QWERTY series by giving the original Bold a name , something that had previously been reserved for the more laid - back consumer devices .
RIM 's practice of slow - but - steady evolution has now brought us the broad adoption of 3G , dual - mode and WiFi radios , autofocus cameras , gorgeous high - res displays , and robust optical trackpads in place of the finicky trackballs of old , all while pushing the same back - end security , collaboration , and communication benefits that brought them superstar status a decade ago .
As in the early days of the 6800 , 6200 , and 7200 , the company 's once again taking criticism for driving a theme into the ground -- one look at the family tree starkly demonstrates how little has changed in nearly three years .
The counterargument , of course , is that they 've settled on a winning formula , refining it year after year without messing with the recipe that made billionaires of co-CEOs Lazaridis and Balsillie .
What side of the fence you fall on is very much a matter of personal opinion , but on some level , it says something about one 's personality : it 's a choice between productivity and multimedia , vanilla and chocolate , Ford and Chevy .
A BlackBerry can be your music player just as an iPhone can connect to your Exchange account -- it 's ultimately a question of priorities , and for some , allegiances .
Push email in a mobile device is n't the same kind of massive , paradigm - changing differentiator that it was ten years ago , and RIM can't lean on it nearly as heavily as it used to for sales -- even in its traditional corporate strongholds .
It needs powerful , sexy products that can compete head - to - head with any smartphone the industry has to offer .
To an extent , it has those with modern QWERTY sets like the Curve 8900 and Bold 9700 , but here 's the rub : the consumer market has made a sharp turn toward touch in the two - plus years since the iPhone has been available .
It 's a segment that 's not just difficult for competitors to ignore -- it 's impossible .
Android , S60 5th Edition , and an endless onslaught of mid- to high - end featurephones validate it and make it harder to stay relevant without it .
So how does a company with a host of patents regarding QWERTY thumb boards -- a company that has built its reputation on the quality of its physical input methods -- capitalize on something so foreign to its core competency ?
That question remains largely unanswered as we end this first decade of BlackBerry 's colorful existence .
The company that taught us we could belt out messages with two thumbs using keys no bigger than eraser heads and made us crave constant email access from the bus , the airport , the bathroom , and the beach finds itself today in need of another revolution .
The good news is that RIM does n't roll the dice very often , but when it does , it plays for keeps ; the 7100 and the Pearl were both early evidence of that , and we 're now seeing that brazen attitude again with the Storm line .
The company 's early forays into touch are taking Waterloo well outside its comfort zone and the first models to market were almost universally panned as usability failures , but it 's not all gloom and doom -- like SureType , the Storm 's SurePress technology is unique in the industry , and a little more refinement could probably still make it the virtual keyboard powerhouse RIM wants it to be .
In 2005 , RIM had 4 million subscribers to its name ; in 2009 , it adds over 4 million subscribers in a single quarter .
BlackBerry is n't going anywhere , clearly , but for a company in RIM 's position , relevance is a daily battle that requires a delicate mix of innovation and respect for tradition .
And on that note , RIM , bring on the next ten years -- you may have calloused and cramped our thumbs , but you have n't managed to destroy them just yet .
With gun ownership falling , the US firearms lobby is targeting a new generation with dinky pump-action shotguns and junior shooting shows .
But at what cost ?
In the distance , there is snow on the ridges of the Rocky Mountains , but down here in the plains of Colorado there is only dust and sweat .
In a layby just south of Denver , Texas Marshal is standing in the sweltering heat preparing for the showdown .
He tips back his black felt bronco hat , pulls out his .45 Colt revolver and gives the barrel a slow , deliberate spin .
Five brass bullets sink into the chambers and the gun goes back in its holster , ready to draw , his hand twitching expectantly above it .
His great adversary , Spud , is ready , too .
He has a Ruger Vaquero single - action handgun at his side .
As the signal is given , Spud moves first , pulling the gun up and cocking its trigger before Texas Marshal has barely started to move .
There 's a wrenching blast , Spud 's barrel belches fire and the sweet , acrid smell of sulphur fills the air .
Texas Marshal shoots second , but he 's too late ...
Texas Marshal emerges from the smoke without a scratch .
They 've been shooting at metal targets , not each other .
But there 's still the disappointment of losing to deal with , and that 's not easy when you 're only eight years old .
Texas Marshal and Spud , an old hand aged nine , are competing in the Colorado Cowboy Fast Draw championships – a modern rendition of the wild west one - on - one gunfights , minus the bloodshed .
But though the competition is amicable , the guns are real – replicas of late - 19th - century models , including the 1873 six - shooter made by Colt and ironically named the Peacemaker .
As fast - draw enthusiasts like to remind you : " God made man , but Samuel Colt made them equal . "
On the face of it , the fast - draw championships are no more than a simple test of the contestants ' neuromuscular reactions .
In truth , though , they are a form of worship , a gathering of the faithful in front of that peculiarly American altar , the gun .
And amid this veneration , Texas Marshal and Spud have an important part to play .
Spud , or Coby to give his real name , is the Billy the Kid world fast - draw champion in the eight to 12 years category .
He can draw and hit the target in less than seven - tenths of a second .
Blond - haired under a white cowboy hat , he was given his first gun at seven , when he started hunting jack rabbits in the fields in Idaho .
He says he likes to shoot because , " I get to travel around the world – California , Texas , North Dakota . "
Texas Marshal – or Dean – is a local Colorado boy .
He also began aged seven , going after prairie dogs in his back yard .
That 's a ripe old age by some people 's standards .
Babalooey , the world champion in the girls ' teenager class , was wielding her first firearm at five .
She graduated from her dad 's handguns to shotguns , then took up rifles to go dove hunting in the countryside around her home outside Phoenix , Arizona .
" We make great dove nuggets , " she says .
Her 14 - year - old brother Pork Rind , looking remarkably like a barman in a western movie , dressed in a billowy shirt and brown derby hat , was just two when he pulled his first trigger .
" We like to start them young in the American west , " says his father , Gunslik Mick .
The National Rifle Association , the hugely powerful lobby that campaigns to uphold the second amendment right to bear arms , knows how crucial such young guns are to the gun-rights cause .
Firearms manufacturers know it , too .
As Handguns magazine put it , " Children are our salvation in the fight for liberty and the preservation of the shooting sports . "
" We can win this battle , if we all try , " proclaimed New England Firearms , a gun-maker , in an advert aimed at kids .
" It will be an old - fashioned wrestling match for the hearts and minds of our children , " echoed the NRA as it launched a campaign to " invest " in America 's youth .
The metaphors might be extravagant , but the sentiment is accurate .
America 's gun interests do indeed have a struggle on their hands to engage the country 's kids , for the simple reason that gun ownership is steadily declining .
Over the last 30 years , the percentage of American households that have guns in the home has tailed off from a high of 54 % in 1977 to 34.5 % in 2006 .
This dip can be attributed to a number of factors – from the slide in popularity of hunting to the end of military conscription and even the growth in single - parent homes that lack a gun-toting father figure .
" Gun ownership is shrinking , and both the industry and the NRA know this , " says Josh Sugarmann , director of the gun control campaign , the Violence Policy Center .
" A primary aim is to find ways to increase the number of shooters in America , with the emphasis on children . "
The methods deployed in this mission are many and various , beginning with Eddie Eagle , an avuncular cartoon character dreamed up by the NRA , who flaps around websites spreading safety tips .
The NRA presents its feathered mascot as an educational tool for young kids who may come across a gun .
But gun control advocates at the Violence Policy Center interpret the cartoon series as a marketing tool not dissimilar to the " health " information disseminated to children by tobacco companies .
The NRA also has its own young shooters ' magazine called InSights .
Its latest edition has a section called Something To Brag About that profiles Colton , aged four , who " just loves his Ruger Bearcat .22 " ;
Alex , seven , who recently killed his first pheasant – " a trophy that most adults would be proud of " ; and eight - year - old Sabastian Mann who shot a deer using what looks like an assault rifle .
The magazine tells us it was , in fact , a Smith & Wesson M&P15 loaded with Nosler Partitions ammunition " to help seal the deal " .
Lest that scarily grown - up - sounding firearm put anyone off , there is an entire corner of the gun-making industry dedicated to baby firearms .
Take Mossberg 's new model , the Half Pint .
" This little , affordable .22 rifle is a great starter gun for taking on all kinds of assorted targets without breaking the bank , " the blurb says .
For those youngsters who want something a bit more robust , there is also the 500 Super Bantam , a pump- action shotgun designed for kids .
In fact , the number of models marketed unapologetically at children stretches to 42 , including such endearing marques as the Chipmunk , Mini Bolt , Micro Hunter and Golden Boy .
Girls have their own sub - genre of scaled - down rifles .
InSights has a picture of 14 - year - old Mackenzie Sipe sitting astride a Montana mule buck she has just killed using a pink rifle with purple titanium - coloured barrel .
She calls it her " Princess Rifle " .
For the most part , though , young shooters are brought up wielding adult guns .
To get a sense of what 's currently in fashion , I visit Caso 's Gun - A - Rama , a vintage gun shop in New Jersey owned and run by Frank Caso .
It has a plastic statue of Uncle Sam in the window holding the Stars and Stripes .
On the wall is a signed photograph of gun-loving Charlton Heston , trophies of deer heads and pheasants , and a sobering police poster that says , " The misuse of handguns is a leading contributor to juvenile violence and fatalities . "
There are 64 guns chained in the rack .
At one end are the slender .22 rifles , which Caso says tend to be the young person 's starter firearm of choice .
At the other sit the shotguns .
He pulls out a Remington 870 , which , he says , is considered the " youth gun " because it has a shorter stock that makes it easier for smaller people to handle .
It takes five shots , varying from birdshot to lead slugs and OO Buckshot – a larger pellet that Caso says can be used for deer hunting , going after bears or even crowd control .
I ask how old a child should be when they handle their first gun .
" That 's a parental decision , " he replies .
" It 's not for me to say .
I 've two daughters and they 've been around guns since the day they were born . "
He bemoans the fact that young people are not coming into his shop in the numbers they used to , blaming computer games and television , and the dampening effect of politics .
" Everything about guns is negative when it comes to politicians .
I 'm tired of fighting a losing battle over firearms . "
Then he launches into a diatribe about President Obama , accusing him of being anti-guns and desperate to get his hands on his second amendment rights .
In reality , since he entered the White House , the president has backed off an earlier promise to revive a ban on assault rifles .
He has also allowed into law a new regulation that permits people to carry loaded guns into national parks .
In July , a bill that would have allowed concealed guns to be carried in public places anywhere in the US came within a couple of votes of passing the Senate .
Indeed , America continues to have the most lax gun controls of any industrialised country in the world , with more than 200 m guns in circulation .
Four out of 10 of those are sold not by licensed firearm dealers such as Caso , but in gun shows and other locations where there is no requirement on the seller to go through any background check .
The results of such a lack of regulation are stark .
In the last decade , some 29,000 children under 18 have been killed by firearms in the US , making it the second leading cause of death in this age bracket after car crashes .
That 's a rate 12 times higher than those in the other 25 industrialised nations put together .
Local papers carry gun death stories with a frequency that is emotionally numbing .
" Two young children have been shot by their siblings in the space of 24 hours . "
" A two - year - old girl is in critical condition after being shot at a wedding reception . "
" An 11 - year - old boy in Mississippi accidentally killed his nine - year - old brother with a shotgun blast after arguing about a video game . "
" Boy accidentally kills himself with Uzi , " was the Associated Press headline in October 2008 .
" An eight - year - old boy died after shooting himself in the head while firing an Uzi submachine gun under adult supervision at a gun fair . "
The Uzi was designed by the Israeli army in the 1940s and has been used by soldiers in wars around the globe .
It can fire 600 rounds a minute .
It is not , as a general rule , considered suitable for eight - year - olds .
It recoiled , the barrel went up into the air and it discharged a round into the boy .
One of the adult supervisors present was a firearms instructor who loaded the gun and handed it to the boy .
The boy 's father was also supervising ; he was standing behind his son , holding him , when the bullet entered the right side of the boy 's head .
Then there are the adults killed by children .
Pamela Almli , 54 , was walking in the mountains of Washington state last August when she was fatally shot by a 14 - year - old boy out hunting with his brother , 16 .
He mistook her for a bear and hit her in the head from 120 metres .
He was punished with 30 days in juvenile detention .
That this incident happened , tragic though it was , is not so surprising .
Washington , along with six other states , has no minimum age for hunting alone .
In almost half the states in the country , kids aged 12 or younger can hunt without any adult supervision .
The death of Pamela Almli was an accident .
No such comfort in the case of Jordan Brown , 11 , who in February killed his father 's pregnant fiancee and then calmly went off to school .
He shot her with a 20 - gauge shotgun his father had given him as a present .
Nor in the events on 5 November last year in the small , rural town of St Johns in the deserts of Arizona .
That story begins a few weeks earlier , when Vincent Romero , a construction worker , went with his second wife to visit the town 's Catholic priest , the Rev John Paul Sauter .
They had married only a month before and were having their first marital dispute , and wanted the priest to mediate .
The row had been over Romero 's eight - year - old son .
Romero wanted to give the boy a gun and the stepmother was opposed to the idea .
Sauter tells me that it 's not unusual for eight - year - olds in St Johns to have guns and go shooting .
" It 's not a wealthy town , and they do it partly to supplement their food income .
They shoot and eat prairie dogs , which are very greasy , like a goose ; and squirrels – squirrel enchiladas are delicious ! "
But Sauter was himself anxious about giving the boy a gun , because he had learning difficulties and did n't seem ready to accept responsibility .
" I said , you 'd better wait till he is 12 and then put him on a course that teaches children how to hunt . "
But Romero , a keen hunter , resisted , saying there was no need for a course – he could teach the child himself .
He would give him lots of hunting videos to watch , he said .
And he went ahead and gave his son a . 22 - calibre rifle .
On the evening of 4 November , the boy had a row with his parents .
They had already stopped him watching TV because he was failing to do his homework , and that night Romero was so angry he told the stepmother to spank the boy five times .
The next day , when Romero arrived home from work with a friend who rented a room in the house , the boy picked up the rifle his father had given him .
He shot and killed the friend , then he killed his father .
Both men were struck about five times , with the boy reloading after every shot .
At first the boy told police he had stumbled across the bodies and that he thought neighbours might have killed his father .
But in an hour - long police interview he told a woman detective what had really happened .
If you 're feeling strong you can watch snippets of it on YouTube .
Speaking in a cute Disney voice , the boy remembers the horrific events of that day as though describing buying an ice - cream .
" I went upstairs and then I saw my dad and then I got the gun and then I fired it at my dad .
He was on the ground and then I reloaded it . "
The detective asks whether he was cross with his father .
" The first time I was mad at him .
But he was already shot , and I shot him again . "
Then he goes on : " I think I shot my dad because he was suffering .
I thought he was suffering .
So I may have shot him .
I did n't want him to suffer . "
In a plea deal , the boy has admitted the killings and has been placed on a treatment programme for child offenders .
In most other parts of the world , it would be no extraordinary mental leap to correlate such killings with America 's relaxed approach to gun control .
After all , many eight - year - old boys get cross with their fathers , but they can't turn that anger into a bloodbath unless they have access to a gun .
Thanks to the exalted position that the gun inhabits in the American psyche , however , that sort of logic has little purchase in the US , certainly in those parts of the country – the south and the west in particular – where gun ownership is high and shooting popular .
Yet if you look at a map that plots where children have died by the gun in any one year , they are concentrated in precisely those same regions .
" Gun deaths and injuries in the US are directly related to gun availability , " says Josh Sugarmann .
" In other words , the areas where people relate most to the gun are killing themselves . "
Back at the cowboy fast draw in Colorado , Texas Marshal is going for another head - to - head with Spud .
His father , the handlebar mustachioed Nitro , is proudly cheering him on .
" Just hit the target , buddy ! " he shouts as the boy misses on his first draw .
" Just hit the target ! "
In between rounds , Nitro tells me how happy he is that his son is learning to be a shooter .
It teaches him responsibility , as well as safety , which , he says , they take very seriously in cowboy fast draw .
But is n't it logical that the more guns there are in society , the more chance there is for tragedies to occur ?
" That may be how they think in England , " Nitro says .
" Here we do n't blame the gun , we blame the human behind it . "
Besides , he goes on , " Do you think anyone would try violence on my boy if they knew he could hit them between the eyeballs at 20 paces ? "
The kids line up for the last shot of the day .
Texas Marshal 's mouth clenches as he draws his revolver , cocks it and fires , this time on target .
He puts the gun back in its holster and steps back .
Nitro lifts him high off his feet in a huge bear hug .
" Good job , buddy , " he says to his beaming son .
" You done real good ! "
The Incredible Shrinking Public Option
When the U.S. health care debate began last spring , the insurance industry and its congressional defenders fretted over the prospect that 119 million Americans might defect from private insurance to a public option , thus devastating the business model of wealthy insurance companies .
Email
Printer friendly
Since then , however , the industry has won so many concessions that the threat from the surviving public option has shrunk to about five percent of its feared effect .
In assessing the House leadership ’s health reform bill , the Congressional Budget Office projects that only six million Americans could or would sign up for the bill ’s version of the public option .
And , to make the picture even prettier for the insurance industry , many of those six million would be the chronically ill , customers that the private insurers do n’t want anyway .
Because of unified Republican resistance to any health - care overhaul and the objections of conservative and rural Democrats , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi scrapped her goal of a “ robust ” public option , one whose payments would be linked to Medicare rates and thus could have saved substantial money for the insured and the government , about $ 110 billion over the next 10 years , the CBO estimated .
Instead , Pelosi accepted a version of the public option which would require the government to negotiate rates with health providers just as private insurers do .
That means the pressure to hold down medical costs would be much less and the potential savings would largely disappear .
Indeed , the CBO projects that the public option would have to charge premiums higher than private insurers because people with illnesses would turn to the public option as a more reliable way to get their medical treatment than what they could expect from profit - making companies , which would still look for ways of minimizing payouts .
The CBO study said the projection of six million public option enrollees “ reflects CBO ’s assessment that a public plan paying negotiated rates … would typically have premiums that are somewhat higher than the average premiums for the private plans in the exchanges [ because ] the public plan … would probably engage in less management of utilization by its enrollees and attract a less healthy pool of enrollees . ”
In other words , CBO is saying that despite proposed restrictions on private insurers eliminating their exclusion of “ preexisting conditions ” and banning purges of sick people from their client lists , the insurance industry would seek ways around some of those rules .
Thus , the sick would gravitate toward the government plan , which , in turn , would require higher premiums , pushing more healthy people toward cheaper private plans .
This latest win-win for the insurance industry is just its latest victory as the health - reform package has wound its way through Congress .
Corralling the Public Option
The most important concession came when the public option was barred from competing with private insurers for their most lucrative contracts , those with large employers .
The public option was confined to insurance “ exchanges , ” which would start in 2013 only for uninsured individuals and small businesses .
That concession slashed the prospect of defecting clients from the 119 million – predicted in an industry - backed study by the Lewin Group – to about 10 million to 12 million Americans who , the CBO said , would choose the lower - cost “ robust ” public option on the exchanges .
The death of that “ robust ” version in the House leadership ’s bill trimmed the likely clientele for the public option to about half that number , to around six million , according to the CBO .
In another favor to the insurance industry , the surviving House and Senate bills put off competition from any public option until 2013 , granting the private insurers another three - plus years of their continued cartel - like control of the health - insurance sector .
During that three - year period , the CBO analysis projects the number of uninsured Americans will rise to 51 million , meaning that people who are facing bankruptcy over medical costs or early death because they put off needed medical attention will be expected to suck it up for another three - plus years before they can shop on the insurance exchanges for coverage .
Democratic leaders say the three - year delay is needed to properly organize the exchanges .
However , Republicans claim that it is really a budget sleight - of - hand to make the 10 - year cost of the reforms appear a couple of hundred billion dollars less , keeping the total below $ 1 trillion .
The current Senate bill , which was cobbled together by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , offers another concession regarding the public option , a provision that would let states opt out .
Reid included the opt - out clause in hopes of convincing several conservative Democrats to at least vote against a Republican filibuster and let the Senate proceed with the legislation .
But the opt - out clause means that some conservative states may bar their residents from signing up for the public option , thus possibly reducing the number of public option enrollees to less than six million .
Still , it ’s hard to see why private insurers would object to inclusion of the weakened public option because the insurance industry already would be in line to get the bulk of the new customers , people compelled to buy insurance or face fines and who also might qualify for government subsidies that would go to insurance companies for policies offered on the insurance exchanges .
CBO estimates that about 30 million Americans would get insurance via the exchanges , with four - fifths buying from private companies .
That ’s about 24 million new customers .
Plus , the public plan ’s “ adverse selection ” – the tendency of sick people to pick the public option – means that private insurers would stand to get the healthiest and thus cheapest part of that pool .
Last summer , during a town hall meeting on health reform , President Barack Obama raised the ire of some liberals by referring to the public option as “ just a sliver ” of the health - reform package .
Given the many concessions that have been made to the insurance industry , Obama ’s description now appears to be more accurate than he probably understood at the time .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
A thousand dollars a day to poison yourself
Draining you bank account before you die
( Natural News ) Big Pharma 's pill pushers and natural remedy skeptics are always trying to drill one idea into your brain : " Natural remedies are a ripoff ! " they say .
" And they are n't even proven to work !
" In response to those skeptics , allow me to introduce a new cancer treatment drug called , made by a small drug company named .
It costs .
That 's a thousand dollars a day , mathematically speaking .
But here 's the best part : .
That 's the complaint about natural remedies from conventional medicine pushers , and it reveals the contradiction in their criticism :
When natural remedies are n't proven to work , they call them " quackery . "
But when their $ 30,000 - a- month medicines are n't proven to work , they do n't have any problem with that .
Take your medicine and stop asking questions !
Who needs scientific proof when they 're already so sure they 're right ?
Folotyn has been proven , by the way , to shrink tumors by 27 % .
Of course , you can accomplish the same thing with vitamin D , spirulina , green tee , medicinal mushrooms and other anti-cancer nutritional therapies .
Even if you went all - out and bought a huge collection of anti-cancer supplements and started taking them aggressively , you'd be hard pressed to consume more than $ 2,000 worth of product in a single month .
That 's a $ 28,000 savings over Folotyn , and the best part is that all those supplements would boost your brain health , heart health , liver health , kidney health and immune health at the same time .
Or , you could just exercise outdoors , getting both vitamin D and exercise , saving you $ 30,000 a month while healing your own cancer .
( It also helps to give up all the cancer - causing chemicals in your foods , personal care products , home cleaning products and medicines . )
I do n't know about you , but I 'd much rather save the $ 30,000 and just heal the cancer myself .
That might be good advice for you and me , but it would spell financial disaster for the cancer industry .
Reading this news about this $ 1,000 - a- day cancer drug makes me laugh , because lots of people still complain about the cost of a $ 19 book on cancer cures , or a $ 20 bottle of superfoods that contains anti-cancer medicine .
Somehow , any amount of money seems justifiable for conventional medicine , but even the smallest investments in personal nutrition or wellbeing are met with a lot of resistance .
I remember talking with a couple at an acupuncture clinic a few years back .
They were complaining about the price of the $ 75 acupuncture treatments for infertility .
When I asked them what they had tried before , they told me they had spent something like $ 20,000 on an infertility clinic , with no success .
Wow !
And $ 75 is expensive ?
Now , if a legitimate cancer cure really was offered by conventional medicine ( and it never will be , because such a cure would destroy their business model ) , it might be worth $ 30,000 or more .
Heck , a one - time cure might be worth a million dollars , but do n't hold your breath on that one ... no chemical cure is forthcoming .
Not from the world of conventional medicine , anyway .
The only cures that exist today are from the realm of , where cancer is routinely cured by patients who heal themselves with the help of natural cancer clinics all around the world .
And at those cancer clinics , is usually far less than $ 30,000 .
Of course , if you really want to poison yourself while paying somebody $ 1,000 a day , this high - priced chemotherapy agent might be just what you 're looking for .
But you can chug wheatgrass shots for less than ten bucks a day and probably get just as much tumor shrinkage -- at 1/100th the cost !
They cost you a fortune and they do n't even work .
No one has ever been cured by cancer from chemotherapy .
Not a single person ... ever !
There is n't a single documented case anywhere in the medical literature claiming that a person was cured of cancer from chemotherapy .
So why do people still fall for the chemo scam ?
The answer : .
They 're dying , and they 're willing to pay anything for hope , even if it 's a false hope thrust upon them by their oncologist .
It is in this context that these cancer drug companies charge $ 10,000 a month , $ 20,000 a month or even nowto treat you with their " breakthrough " cancer drugs .
The purpose of all this is n't to cure your cancer :
It 's to , extracting every last dollar of your savings and retirement money before you expire .
No one out - quacks the cancer industry in terms of exploiting the fears of dying elderly patients .
If this were done in the financial industry , it would be called .
If an investment con man targeted sick , elderly people , promising some miraculous result if they just paid him $ 30,000 a month , he'd be arrested and locked up as a purveyor of financial fraud .
But when the cancer industry perpetrates the same fraud on our nation 's elderly , No one questions the fraud .
No one realizes the industry is based on fraudulent marketing and fraudulent science combined with a huge financial con that convinces sick , elderly patients to part with their life 's savings in exchange for some high - tech quackery that will never save them .
Part of the reason this con continues , I think , is because the victims of it do n't live very long .
Dead men do n't talk , and dead cancer patients do n't file complaints with the Better Business Bureau .
India is set to host its first F1 Grand Prix in 2011 ? ����ǣ and here ?
������s the first glimpse of the track where the race will take place .
The circuit in the Jaypee Greens Sports City bears the usual hallmarks of a Hermann Tilke - designed track .
But from this first impression it seems to have some of the open , flowing corners that many modern tracks often lack .
It looks like a circuit in two halves , with several slow corners before and after the main start / finish straight .
These are surely intended to increase opportunities for overtaking , something F1 car designers have been demanding recently .
But the other half of the track includes several longer - radius corners and some quick - looking bends .
It ? ������s impossible to get any sense of gradient from this flat map , however .
It is an unusually short track ?����ǣ slightly under 5 km ( 3.1 miles ) .
That would make it shorter than any track on this year ?
������s calendar bar the Circuit de Catalunya , Hungaroring , Interlagos and Monte - Carlo .
The circuit is being built by JP Associates which is part of a large industrial conglomerate called the Jaypee Group .
The circuit is being built alongside the Yamuna Expressway , a new road being built to connect India ’s capital New Delhi with the country ’s biggest tourist destination , the Taj Mahal , in the city of Agra .
The road to the Indian Grand Prix has not been completely smooth .
The race was originally slated for the 2010 F1 calendar but Bernie Ecclestone confirmed it had been moved back to 2011 .
In August this year the government ’s sports minister Manohar Singh Gill refused to support race promoter JPSK ’s request for money to hold the race , claiming F1 is not a sport .
Ecclestone dismissed the minister ’s comments saying : “ That ’s his view .
The rest of the world thinks it is a sport . ”
What do you think of the 2011 Indian Grand Prix track ?
Update : Someone posted an image with the likely location of the Jaypee circuit in the F1 Fanatic drop .
io – I ’m not sure who it was but thank you !
There ’s not much to see at the site right now , but here it is anyway :
View Larger Map
Thanks to Prisoner Monkeys for posting the link to the official site in the forum .
The mysterious host asked the Italian hospitality agency for " 500 attractive girls between 18 and 35 years of age , at least 1.7 metre high " , and if the women who answered the call were in the dark about their duties , they must have felt confident that the event would be an interesting one .
As it turned out , they were right – but not , perhaps , in a way they might have expected .
The host was none other than Colonel Muammar Gaddafi .
Miniskirts and plunging necklines were forbidden .
And the purpose of the gathering was to convert them to Islam .
The eccentric Libyan leader was in Rome for the World Food Summit , but apparently his interest in the event 's famine relief programme was matched by his determination that Italy 's most glamorous hostesses be fired with religious zeal .
Reports in the Italian press relate how soon after the dictator 's arrival in the Italian capital , Gaddafi 's aides had contacted an agency that supplies attractive young women as hospitality .
They were asked to come to the home of Hafed Gaddur , the Libyan ambassador in Rome over three evenings this week , beginning on Sunday .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The girls had to be pretty , but given the pious motivation for the event , miniskirts and plunging necklines were forbidden .
At the first of the sessions , Gaddafi appeared , after a typically diva - like late arrival .
Dressed all in black , he sat in the middle of a " sumptuous drawing room " , and began the lesson .
His all - female staff distributed gift copies of the Koran to the participants , according to Paolo Lo Mele , a reporter from Ansa news agency , who sneaked in , posing as a hostess .
The women were paid € 50 ( £ 44 ) , and lectured on the Koran , the superiority of Islam , the failings of Christianity , and the role of women in the Western world – where , Gaddafi said , they were " often used as pieces of furniture , changed when it pleases men " .
The reaction was distinctly mixed regarding whether € 50 was enough to sit through it all .
" I was expecting a party , not a lesson , but it was a very interesting experience , " one attendee told Ansa .
Another blonde woman , in a fake rabbit skin coat , was rather more critical , however .
" I feel very offended with regard to my religion , " she harrumphed .
Fittingly for a leader who'd flown in to discuss world famine , there was no wasteful banquet on offer .
In fact , many of the guests later complained they were n't offered any refreshments , not even a glass of water .
However , they were each given , in addition to the Koran , a copy of Gaddafi 's famous " Green Book " , containing all his pearls of wisdom .
Ahead of yesterday evening 's session , it was promised that Gaddafi would field questions from the floor .
As current chairman of the African Union , and self - appointed spokesman for Africa , Gaddafi also managed to find time to attend the UN food summit .
He was introduced by summit host and Italian premier Silvio Berlusconi , who appeared in high spirits , possibly because the meeting had given him an excuse to postpone an appearance in a Milan court on tax fraud charges .
Gaddafi was on similarly barnstorming form there , blasting the " blatant hypocrisy " of Western powers , which offered " charity " to the world 's poor while " sacking " their natural resources .
Now that McDonald ’s has started playing Christmas music , it is time to start thinking about Santa .
The second - to - last paragraph of “ Diagnostics and Therapeutics in Political Economy ” by Robert Higgs offers a seasonally appropriate comparison :
Many Americans now believe many things about their government that are false , and they expect much from the government that the rulers cannot provide .
The public at large embraces myths about what the government can do , what it actually does , and how it goes about doing it .
Only people enamored of such myths can support , for example , a gigantically expensive health - care “ reform ” at a time when the present value of the government ’s promised future Social Security and Medicare benefits alone amounts to several times the current GDP .
( I am disregarding here the interested parties who expect to reap short - run pillage from an intrinsically doomed system . )
Until more people come to a more realistic , fact - based understanding of the government and the economy , little hope exists of tearing them away from their quasi-religious attachment to a government they view with misplaced reverence and unrealistic hopes .
Lacking a true religious faith yet craving one , many Americans have turned to the state as a substitute god , endowed with the divine omnipotence required to shower the public with something for nothing in every department – free health care , free retirement security , free protection from hazardous consumer products and workplace accidents , free protection from the Islamic maniacs the U.S. government stirs up with its misadventures in the Muslim world , and so forth .
If you take the government to be Santa Claus , you naturally want every day to be Christmas ; and the bigger the Santa , the bigger his sack of goodies .
This prevailing ideology constitutes probably the most critical obstacle to reductions in the government ’s size , scope , and power .
Getting rid of this ideology will be diabolically difficult , if possible at all .
The author has a Ph.D. in Economics from Johns Hopkins ( compared to my meager collection of econ courses taken ) , but I believe him to be wrong about Social Security and Medicare benefits .
As pointed out in my blog postings on While America Aged , Congress has the authority to change the Social Security age of eligibility to 75 or 80 or to adjust Medicare so that anesthesia returns to the good old days of whiskey and a bullet to bite .
It is states and local governments that are truly stuck with their pension and health care promises .
For Americans who do n’t pay income tax , perhaps the government truly is Santa Claus .
According to the Brookings Institution and the Urban Institute , roughly 47 percent of Americans either pay no tax or a negative tax ( i.e. , the government sends them money every year through such programs as the Earned Income Tax Credit ) .
So you ’d think that any new government spending program would attract at least 47 percent of potential voters .
On the other hand , millions of people who do not suffer the scourge of income tax still get hit with assorted other taxes at both the state and federal level .
What am I telling people that I want from Santa this year ?
World peace , of course ( because I want to win the Nobel Prize after Sandra Bullock gets hers ) .
And that I want Barack Obama to become immortal and then to be elected President - for - Life .
- video encodings still in process -
Internet pioneer and UCLA computer science professor Leonard Kleinrock displays the Internet 's first router , or " switch " -- known as an Interface Message Processor -- and describes the process of connecting it with UCLA 's host computer , leading to the first - ever Internet message sent on October 29 , 1969 .----------------1969 .
Charles Manson started a killing rampage , the Mets won , a man walked on the Moon , Woodstock left a generation stoned for years .
Also , the internet was born .
It ’s hard to appreciate that this mess of pipes that ’s turned all of us into nerds that salivate over videos about the birth of the internet and allowed us to look at the menu before we get to the restaurant all began with a modest , military - sanctioned hook - up between two computers , one in UCLA , the other at Stanford University .
The first of those computers , the Internet ’s first router , or “ switch ” — or , really , Interface Message Processor — was built in Cambridge by military contractor BB&N and shipped to UCLA .
The big box was packed with an SDS Sigma - 7 host computer , power supply , storage and lots of wires , linked to its cousin at Stanford by a collection of data lines .
Here , professor Leonard Kleinrock shows off this “ so ugly it ’s beautiful ” refrigerator - sized router .
Crazily , the thing is still hiding inside a small office next to Kleinrock ’s at UCLA , safe from legions of prostrating nerd pilgrims , luddite terrorists , and spies for the Chinese government , which may likely want to backwards engineer the thing , bury it in a field , have a farmer find it , and claim that China invented the Internet sometime in the 1850s .
The Smithsonian Museum , which did n’t want it when he offered it in 1989 , has changed its mind .
The Computer History Museum wants it too .
Radiohead is probably itching to turn it into some kind of synth .
But Kleinrock wants it to stay at UCLA .
It was here , after all , where the computer sent the world ’s first - ever IM , on October 29 , 1969 .
Ready for it ?
“ LO ” It looked like some kind of primative nerd - acronym .
After all , they were busy creating the Internet , it ’s not like they were gonna have a freakin office gossip convo .
But the whizzes at UCLA were trying to type “ LOG , ” to which the computer at Stanford would respond with “ IN . ”
( How funny would it have been if the other computer had written “ ( xy ) = LOG + LOG ? ”
Or maybe just a request for a wire transfer to an account in Nigeria . )
But they did n’t get anywhere near there .
The damn thing up at Stanford crashed after just two letters .
Lo — and freaking behold all of this .
“ I ’m delighted that the Senate voted unanimously to approve Regina Benjamin -- one of Alabama ’s most dedicated and civic - minded medical professionals -- to be ‘ America ’s Doctor . ’
Dr. Benjamin has an extensive resume , including her time as an Associate Dean for Rural Health at the University of South Alabama , and her service as a Chair of the Medical Association of the State of Alabama -- the first black woman to hold that position .
But equally impressive is her resolute spirit , compassion , and commitment to her community , which was so evident in her care for patients after Hurricane Katrina .
The American people will undoubtedly benefit from her knowledge and unwavering dedication to improving the public ’s health and wellness .
I applaud President Obama for his nomination of Dr. Benjamin , and I greatly appreciate the work of Sen. Mitch McConnell , the Republican Leader , for making this vote possible tonight .
This is indeed a proud day for the people of Alabama . ”
We 've been talking a lot about the Republican strategy of systematically obstructing the president 's nominees as their default position .
Sore loser Jon Kyl had announced their intentions even before Obama was sworn in , and the entire Republican caucus in the Senate has gone along with it .
And when their series of mean - spirited little ploys get the spotlight of public scrutiny shined on them , they back away fast .
Last week , as the swine flu epidemic started taking hold and voters ' children started dying , people started asking uncomfortable questions about why the Republicans were obstructing the confirmation of Regina Benjamin as Surgeon General .
None of them raised any objections to .
A dozen or two of them -- the partisan , crusty old angry white men brigade -- were fuming about something or other ( when are n't they ? ) and decided to block her ability to take office .
Just because they could .
So they did .
But when the public outrage got too loud , they backed off and Thursday night before the Senate adjourned for a long weekend , Miss McConnell signaled to Harry Reid that they were ready to give in .
They did n't want a roll call but said they'd go along with a voice vote that would be less likely to show up in campaign ads pointing out their hypocrisy .
Dr. Benjamin hails from Alabama , where she is celebrated as a public health heroine , but one of her state 's senators , Jeff Sessions , widely considered the senatorial spokesperson for the KKK , was one of the instigators of the hold on her nomination .
When the GOP raised the white flag and unanimously went along with the confirmation , he ran to local TV stations to take credit for her approval !
Honey dripping from his mouth , Sessions could n't wait to claim the accolades for having ended the obstructionist tactics he was responsible for !
How long did it take for you to get lost in Sessions ' miasma of hypocrisy ?
Labels : Jeff Sessions , obstructionist Republicans
The nudist farm Quinta da Horta in Portugal offers visitors clothes - free horse riding ...
Nudist walkers finally have their very own hiking trail in Germany after a series of altercations with locals in Europe .
The FKK organisation has set up the trail in the picturesque Harz Mountains .
Nudist zone notices have been posted along an 18 kilometre stretch between the towns of Dankerode and Wippertalsperre in Saxony - Anhalt .
To ensure that clothes - wearing hikers wo n’t encounter any big surprises there are even special signs which state in no uncertain terms : “ Anyone who does n’t want to see naked bodies may not proceed further . ”
But ramblers who are n’t bothered by nudists but do n't want to shed their own clothes are free to use the trail .
Heinz Ludwig , owner of a campsite in Dankerode , is behind the naturist hike - no doubt outdoors enthusiasts will thanks him for allowing them to get back to nature in a whole new way !
The trail comes after one Swiss canton banned naked walking following complaints by locals .
But it seems you can't keep the nudists down - naked sports are becoming more popular than ever before !
More news
It 's official - German breasts are getting bigger !
A man was found naked at Munich airport after he was forced to strip by an angry taxi driver over an unpaid fare .
Judge Busch Delays Decision on Lifting SF Bike Injunction
A San Francisco judge today delayed a decision on lifting the city ’s three - year - old bike injunction , and instead ordered both parties to submit briefs by November 12th on his authority to lift the injunction , and then reverse it , if he later determines at a separate hearing that the exhaustive 2,000 page document is not adequate , although that seems unlikely .
" The rule is the public entity goes ahead while the review goes on , " Superior Court Judge Peter J. Busch told a courtroom filled mostly with MTA representatives , reporters , SFBC staff and Rob Anderson .
Busch ’s concerns were mostly procedural : Can he dissolve the injunction and then order the MTA to reverse bike projects if he later sides with the plaintiff ’s weak contentions the EIR does n’t comply with CEQA ?
Deputy City Attorney Kristen Jensen argued passionately that the injunction needs to be lifted as soon as possible to make the city ’s streets safer for " bicyclists , pedestrians and motorists . "
When pressed by the judge on what projects the city intended to go forward with immediately , the City Attorney ’s office replied that the MTA plans to move on painting sharrows and installing bike racks .
Deputy City Attorney Audrey Williams Pearson said the MTA has determined it can paint 20 sharrows , install 5 bike racks and do 400 feet of striping per day .
The city was ordered to submit a brief on what projects the MTA plans to implement between now and when a final hearing is held to determine the adequacy of the EIR in March .
We ’ll have more coverage soon .
ADDITIONAL DATA -- GERMAN " S " MINES
A general review of available information pertaining to the German " S " mines appeared in Tactical and Technical Trends No. 44 , p. 13 .
Other sources , now available , contain some information based on experience subsequent to that upon which the review in the No. 44 issue was predicated .
The following data is , therefore , in the nature of an amendment to that article .
* * *
Several reports have been received of " S " mines which contain a detonator in the central hole instead of the four - second delay pellet , thus making the mine practically instantaneous .
Numerous fatal casualties have been reported to have resulted from the action of this type of mine .
It appears that although the lethal range may not be so great , " S " mines detonating instantaneously are more deadly because they do not allow time for prostration , and are certain to cause at least one casualty .
They are reported to be laid mixed with the usual delayed action type .
Early reports stated that a number of British soldiers had stepped on " S " mines and survived by falling flat as soon as possible .
There is corroboration of the fact that there is an area , an annular ring about 6 feet from the mine having a danger zone within and without it , in which , lying down , there is a reasonable chance of escaping completely or with only minor injuries .
This was , however , with the old high - jumping " S " mine .
Experience subsequent to the Tunisian campaign has shown that it is very bad practice to run in a minefield unless , of course , the local tactical situation leaves no other alternative .
Later experiences also indicate that effective protection against " S " mines is not gained by wearing an overcoat or leather jerkin .
The corrugated iron shield is now considered ineffective and impractical .
A need for a standard understandable software architecture that can be reused from project to project has long been recognized .
This paper describes the software architecture used for the Standard - Missile - 3 ( SM - 3 ) , Stage - 3 development program .
The architecture was defined based on hierarchical principles with the goal of providing a general solution for the architecture - level design for embedded systems .
An architecture - need statement is first presented listing the attributes of the needed architecture .
An overview of the notation is given , and then the layered architecture is described .
How the architecture supports multi- build projects is then described .
A brief discussion on reuse is then provided --- both reuse of algorithms in the architecture and reuse of the architecture itself .
The paper concludes with a few comments on support for the software process .
The paper includes two attachments : Attachment A - a list of acronyms and other definitions , and Attachment B - an overview of the SM - 3 Stage - 3 software requirements .
Baghdad , Iraq ( CNN ) --
At least 30 Iraqi children riding in a bus were among the 160 people killed in Sunday 's twin car bombings in Baghdad , the Interior Ministry said Monday .
At least 540 people were wounded in Sunday 's attacks , the deadliest in the capital in more than two years , the ministry said .
One of the bombs exploded outside Baghdad 's governorate building , the other outside the Justice Ministry .
The bombs detonated in quick succession about 10:30 a.m. , officials said .
The children were packed in a mini bus that was outside the Justice Ministry building , a ministry official said .
The vehicle carrying the explosives that detonated outside the ministry building was a stolen white pick - up from Falluja , Baghdad Gov. Salah Abdul Razzaq told CNN during his inspection of the bomb site .
Images from the time of the attack showed the truck , linked to the Department of Water , pull up to the side of the building and blow up , he said .
Plumes of smoke billowed from the sites as victims fled , some with blood streaming down their faces .
The streets were strewn with debris , including charred cars and chunks of concrete .
Some government buildings and others in the area were heavily damaged .
Among the wounded were three American security contractors , the U.S. Embassy said , declining to provide further details .
The area struck is close to the heavily guarded " Green Zone , " which houses the embassy .
The blasts sparked questions about Iraq 's security and national elections planned for January .
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki , who visited the scene shortly after the explosions , said holding the elections as scheduled would send a strong message to the attackers .
" The cowardly attack ... should not affect the determination of the Iraqi people from continuing their battle against the deposed regime and the gangs of criminal Baath party , and the terrorist al Qaeda organization , ' " al - Maliki said in a written statement .
U.S. President Barack Obama called the attacks an attempt to derail progress in Iraq , and pledged to work closely with the country as it prepares for elections .
Obama spoke with the prime minister and President Jalal Talabani to express his condolences and reiterate U.S. support .
In August , more than 100 people were killed in a series of bombings that led to tightened security in Baghdad .
Blast walls were installed across the city and checkpoints were added .
Two years earlier , three truck bombings killed hundreds in Qahtaniya , in northern Iraq .
Sunday 's attacks were the deadliest on Iraqi civilians since those blasts in August 2007 .
A day before Sunday 's explosions , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Susan Rice , visited Iraq for the first time .
During her trip , she made a condolence stop at the Foreign Ministry , one of six sites attacked in August .
Iraqis are supposed to go to the polls January 16 , but parliament has not passed key election legislation , putting the balloting in limbo .
The president , prime minister and other top officials are scheduled to meet Monday to discuss the elections law and security concerns .
CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Mohammed Jamjoom , and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .
A bipartisan majority of the Senate Finance Committee defeated the health - care " public option " yesterday , though in our view Max Baucus 's bill will still reach the same destination , albeit more slowly .
With that in mind , we offer as today 's commentary a cautionary tale from the land of the original public option , Canada .
Here are the opening paragraphs of Sunday 's Los Angeles Times dispatch :
" VANCOUVER , CANADA
When ...
LONDON : Every phone call , text message , email and website visit made by Britons is to be stored for a year and will be available for monitoring by government bodies .
All telecoms companies and internet service providers will be required by British law to keep a record of every customer 's personal communications , showing who they have contacted , when and where , as well as the websites they have visited .
Despite public opposition , 653 public bodies will have access to the data , including police , local councils , the ambulance service , fire authorities and even prison governors .
They will not require the permission of a judge or a magistrate to obtain the information , but simply the authorisation of a senior police officer or the equivalent of a deputy head of department at a local authority .
Daily record high temperatures occurred twice as often as record lows over the last decade across the continental United States , new research shows .
" Climate change is making itself felt in terms of day - to - day weather in the United States , " said the study 's lead author , Gerald Meehl of the National Center for Atmospheric Research .
" The ways these records are being broken show how our climate is already shifting . "
If temperatures were not warming , the number of record daily highs and lows being set each year would be approximately even , the researchers explained in a statement .
Instead , for the period from Jan. 1 , 2000 , to Sept. 30 , 2009 , the continental United States set 291,237 record highs and 142,420 record lows , as the country experienced unusually mild winter weather and intense summer heat waves .
A record daily high means that temperatures were warmer on a given day than on that same date throughout a weather station 's history .
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , the U.S. Department of Energy , and Climate Central .
The findings will be detailed in the American Geophysical Union journal Geophysical Research Letters .
" This intriguing study provides new evidence of climate change , " said Steve Nelson , NSF program director for NCAR .
" And it 's change that 's affecting our daily lives . "
The authors used a quality control process to ensure the reliability of data from thousands of weather stations across the country , while looking at data over the past six decades to capture longer - term trends .
This decade 's warming was more pronounced in the western United States , where the ratio was more than two to one , than in the eastern United States , where the ratio was about one - and - a - half to one .
The study also found that the two - to - one ratio across the country as a whole could be attributed more to a comparatively small number of record lows than to a large number of record highs .
This indicates that much of the nation 's warming is occurring at night , when temperatures are dipping less often to record lows .
This finding is consistent with years of climate model research showing that higher overnight lows should be expected with climate change , the researchers said in a statement .
In addition to surveying actual temperatures in recent decades , Meehl and his co-authors turned to a sophisticated computer model of global climate to determine how record high and low temperatures are likely to change during the course of this century .
The modeling results indicate that , if nations continue to increase their emissions of greenhouse gases in a " business as usual " scenario , the U.S. ratio of daily record high to record low temperatures would increase to about 20 - to - 1 by mid-century and 50 - to - 1 by 2100 .
The mid-century ratio could be much higher if emissions rose at an even greater pace , or it could be about 8 - to - 1 if emissions were reduced significantly , the model showed .
The authors caution that such predictions are , by their nature , inexact .
Climate models are not designed to capture record daily highs and lows with precision , and it remains impossible to know future human actions that will determine the level of future greenhouse gas emissions .
The model used for the study , the NCAR - based Community Climate System Model , correctly captured the trend toward warmer average temperatures and the greater warming in the West , but overstated the ratio of record highs to record lows in recent years .
However , the model results are important because they show that , in all likely scenarios of future greenhouse gas emissions , record daily highs should increasingly outpace record lows over time .
" If the climate were n't changing , you would expect the number of temperature records to diminish significantly over time , " says Claudia Tebaldi , a statistician with Climate Central who is one of the paper 's co-authors .
" As you measure the high and low daily temperatures each year , it normally becomes more difficult to break a record after a number of years .
But as the average temperatures continue to rise this century , we will keep setting more record highs . "
The study team focused on weather stations that have been operating since 1950 .
They found that the ratio of record daily high to record daily low temperatures slightly exceeded one to one in the 1950s , dipped below that level in the 1960s and 1970s , and has risen since the 1980s .
The results reflect changes in U.S. average temperatures , which rose in the 1950s , stabilized in the 1960s , and then began a warming trend in the late 1970s .
Even in the first nine months of this year , when the United States cooled somewhat after a string of unusually warm years , the ratio of record daily high to record daily low temperatures was more than three to two .
Despite the increasing number of record highs , there will still be occasional periods of record cold , Meehl notes .
" One of the messages of this study is , you still get cold days , " Meehl says .
" Winter still comes .
Even in a much warmer climate , we 're setting record low minimum temperatures on a few days each year .
But the odds are shifting so there 's a much better chance of daily record highs instead of lows . "
The study team analyzed several million daily high and low temperature readings taken over the span of six decades at about 1,800 weather stations across the country , thereby ensuring ample data for statistically significant results .
The readings , collected at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's National Climatic Data Center , undergo a quality control process at the data center that looks for such potential problems as missing data as well as inconsistent readings caused by changes in thermometers , station locations , or other factors .
Meehl and his colleagues then used temperature simulations from the Community Climate System Model to compute daily record highs and lows under current and future atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases .
Rush Limbaugh fell for a blog post Friday that quoted from a ridiculous fake ten - page excerpt of a “ thesis ” alleged to have been written by Pres. Obama at Columbia .
The excerpt was designed to mock the right ’s socialism panic but perhaps predictably ended up fueling it .
When Limbaugh ’s researcher suggested he or she may have made a very silly mistake in thinking the thesis was real , Limbaugh of course did n’t balk .
Instead , he used his blunder to attack Dan Rather and the President .
“ I do n’t care if these quotes are made up .
I know Obama thinks it . ”
Video after the jump .
Here ’s the blog that created the hoax thesis excerpts .
Here ’s the blog where poor fuming winger Michael Ledeen reported the thesis as real and where Limbaugh ’s researchers came upon it .
The laughs stack up near the bottom where Ladeen lashes the liberal press for criticizing Limbaugh for saying things Limbaugh never actually said .
Pure gold .
[ This is from ]
Obama ’s college thesis , written when he was at Columbia .
The paper was called “ Aristocracy Reborn , ” and in the first ten pages ( which were all that reporter Joe Klein–who wrote about it for Time–was permitted to see ) , the young Obama wrote : “ … the Constitution allows for many things , but what it does not allow is the most revealing .
The so - called Founders did not allow for economic freedom .
While political freedom is supposedly a cornerstone of the document , the distribution of wealth is not even mentioned .
While many believed that the new Constitution gave them liberty , it instead fitted them with the shackles of hypocrisy . ”
That ’s quite an indictment , even for an Ivy League undergraduate .
I wonder if the prof–and I ’d like to know who the prof was –made an appropriate marginal comment , something about historical context , about the Constitution ’s revolutionary status in the history of freedom , and about the separation of powers in order to make the creation of any “ shackles ” as difficult as possible .
Maybe instead of fuming about words that Rush Limbaugh never uttered , the paladins of the free press might ask the president about words that he did write .
Maybe he ’d like to parse “ the so - called Founders , ” for example .
Where ’s the long form version of the thesis ?!
Friday happy hour fun from the wingnut web .
The British government today raised the political stakes on climate change when it published a new map of the world that details the likely effects of a failure to cut greenhouse gas emissions .
The map shows the impact of an average 4C rise in global temperature , which John Beddington , the government 's chief scientist , said would be " disastrous " .
A study by the Met Office last month said that such a 4C rise could come as soon as 2060 without urgent and serious action to reduce emissions .
The map was launched to coincide with the London Science Museum 's new Prove it climate change exhibition by David Miliband , foreign secretary and his brother Ed Miliband , energy and climate change secretary .
It comes in advance of key political talks on climate change in December in Copenhagen , where British officials will push for a new global deal to curb emissions .
The Miliband brothers said a new deal needed to be strong enough to limit global temperature rise to 2C , although many involved in the negotiations privately believe this to be impossible .
A joint press release from the government and the Met Office released to promote the map says the government is aiming for an agreement that limits climate change " as far as possible to 2C " .
The map 's release marks a significant shift in political discourse on climate change , with many politicians until recently unwilling to discuss the possibility of a failure to hit the 2C target .
David Miliband warned today that the Copenhagen talks were " the most complicated international negotiations ever attempted " .
He predicted that unless climate change was slowed there would be " high pressure " on water and food shortages .
In their second joint press conference on international efforts to secure a fresh climate change deal in Copenhagen – now 45 days away – Ed and David Miliband stressed the danger posed by a political failure at the talks .
" We can not cope with a 4C world .
This map clearly illustrates the scale of the challenge facing us today ...
To tackle the problem of climate change , all of us , foreign ministries , environment ministries , treasuries , departments of defence , and all parts of government and societies , must work together to keep global temperatures to 2 C , " he said .
Ed Miliband said : " Britain 's scientists have helped to illustrate the catastrophic effects that will result if the world fails to limit the global temperature rise to 2C .
With less than 50 days left before agreement must be reached , the UK is going all out the persuade the world of its need to raise its ambitions so we get a deal that protects us from a 4C world . "
The map , produced by the Met Office Hadley Centre , is based on temperatures between 2060 and 2100 if current rates of climate change are not slowed .
It shows that the rise will not evenly be spread across the globe , with temperature rises much larger than 4C in high latitudes such as the Arctic .
Because the sea warms more slowly , average land temperature will increase by 5.5C , which scientists said would shrink agricultural yields for all major cereal crops on all major regions of production .
A 4C world would also have a major impact on water availability , with supplies limited to an extra billion people by 2080 .
It could also be very bad news for the Amazon , with some computer models predicting severe drying and subsequent die - back .
One of the biggest , more subtle , effects could be on the way the world 's oceans and ecosystems absorb carbon .
About half of our carbon emissions are currently soaked up in this way , which helps put the brake on global warming .
In a 4C world , scientists say the amount of emissions re-absorbed in this way could shrink to just 30 % .
Many supporters of the Swiss ban on minarets justified it with the argument that limitations on mosques in Europe were permissible because Christians can’t build churches in some Muslim countries .
This was also a recurring theme in comments to FaithWorld ( see here and here ) .
But does n’t this tit - for - tat approach simply provide further arguments for Muslim authorities who don ’ t want to concede more religious freedom to their Christian minorities ?
( Photo : Posters for “ yes ” vote to minaret ban in Zurich train station , 26 Oct 2009 / Arnd Wiegmann )
One man uniquely placed to judge this is the Swiss - born Roman Catholic Bishop Paul Hinder .
Based in Abu Dhabi , he is at the frontline of the “ reciprocity ” debate on treatment of Christian minorities in the Middle East .
In an interview in today ’s French Catholic daily La Croix , Hinder says he was “ dismayed ” that the minaret ban passed in a referendum last Sunday .
“ For us Christians in Arabia , it will certainly not make our work easier , although some might think they have done us a favour by saying yes to this initiative , ” he said .
“ Nobody can deny that the ban on minarets punishes a specific religious community , whose members in Switzerland have done nothing wrong , ” he added .
“ I certainly understand the irrational fears of many Swiss faced with the heightened visibility of religion that they previously knew only by hearsay but now find right at their doorsteps or in the apartment next door . ”
Swiss who supported the ban seem to think that Muslims can live in Switzerland as long as they keep out of sight , Hinder said .
“ If that ’s so , ” he remarked , “ then a mosque should look like a Swiss chalet and the call to prayer , if any , must be done from the balcony with an Alpine horn ! ”
In his opinion , a minaret was no less foreign to the Swiss landscape than the golden arches of McDonald ’s “ which seems to have almost a force of religious attraction for many people . ”
“ Hopefully this result , which is surprising for me , will at least lead to a more thorough debate on the question of how far religion has the right or even duty to be visible in society , “ he said , adding that the referendum result will certainly not go down in the history books as “ a glorious page for direct democracy . ”
What do you think ?
Should western countries respond to restrictions on Christian minorities in Muslim countries by putting limits on Muslims in the west ?
( Photo : Bishop Hinder in Rome , 11 Nov 2008 / Alessandro Bianchi )
Follow FaithWorld on Twitter at RTRFaithWorld
Three men shot a 64 - year - old in Queens in an attempt to steal his new flatscreen television on Black Friday — but the 47 - inch TV would n't fit in their escape vehicle .
The crooks forced their way into Bentley White 's home in Cambria Heights at around 8:30 am after watching the retired mason load a trailer with construction materials and an LG TV he was planning on bringing to his vacation home in Jamaica .
The perps then shot White in the stomach , cut the phone lines and stole the cell phones from the house , and tried to flee with the TV .
But they could n't get it into the car .
" I saw three guys fumbling with a box outside by the lamppost , " said neighbor Dudley Young , 63 .
" I saw them fighting over it .
The box was on the side of their car and then they just left it . "
The victim had surgery and is in stable condition .
A relative named Chris told the Post he had no idea why anyone would shoot White .
" What can a TV like that be valued on the street ? " he asked .
" [ Bentley ] would n’t resist .
He would n’t hurt a fly .
He ’s harmless .
This is just a senseless thing . "
Conan O'Brien 's really on the video game humor bandwagon - especially if he 's going after disappointing film adaptations and skewering pompous trailer motifs .
If the point here is " Avatar : Prepare to be Underwhelmed , " we had that covered long ago .
Advertisement
Click to view
Then again , some Rock - em - Sock -em Robots stumbling all over each other might be more enjoyable than this game , which had had a rough first week 's reception , and these things rarely get any better .
Video Game Letdown [ The Tonight Show , thanks Edward M. ]
TV of the 2000s : 5 British Series That Didn’t Translate Nearly As Well As “ The Office ”
In “ Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan , ” Spock casually observed , “ As a matter of cosmic history , it has always been easier to destroy than create . ”
As such , it should come as no surprise that , when the networks have the opportunity to avoid creating something new in favor of destroying something old , they damned well take it .
As we continue our look back at the TV of the 2000s , we decided to revisit several of the networks ’ attempts to adapt popular British series to match American sensibilities .
As “ The Office ” has proven , they can sometimes make it work , but as these five shows remind us , they very often can’t .
5. Eleventh Hour ( CBS ) :
In 2006 , ITV broadcast a four - part series entitled “ Eleventh Hour , ” starring Patrick Stewart as Professor Ian Hood , a special advisor of the British government ’s Joint Science Committee who investigated threats related to various scientific developments and experiments .
Each episode was 90 minutes in length , and it was received well enough in the UK that CBS immediately set forth on a quest to develop the concept into a weekly series in the States .
Stewart was switched out for another talented Brit – Rufus Sewell – and even though he dropped his accent in favor of going “ American ” with his character ( now renamed Jacob Hood ) , we were still optimistic about the series .
Alas , despite an intriguing premise , the adaptation suffered from a couple of major problems .
First off , critics perceived the show as “ troubled ” before its premiere because of the delay in releasing the first episode for review , but , fair enough , many series have managed to survive that particular issue .
The bigger problem came from CBS ’s steadfast determination to make “ Eleventh Hour ” fit into the same procedural mold utilized by all of its other series .
As such , the predominant thrust tended to be about the crime of the week , leaving not nearly enough focus on Dr. Hood , whose considerable knowledge on scientific matters makes him an enigma .
Viewers should ’ve been left wondering , “ Who is this guy ?
What ’s his story ? ”
But just as we were starting to learn about Hood ’s past and getting the impression that he might actually be able to find romance for the first time since the death of his wife , the series steered back into a let ’s - stick - to - the - case mindset , making its cancellation after only 18 episodes less disappointing than it might otherwise have been .
4. Worst Week ( CBS ) :
The original series – which bore the slightly longer title of “ The Worst Week of My Life ” – had three incarnations .
The first focused on the week leading up to the marriage of its two lead characters , the second shone the spotlight on the week before the birth of their first child , and the whole thing culminated in a three - part holiday special entitled “ The Worst Christmas of My Life . ”
Anyone who enjoys a good bit of slapstick would see the merit in trying to adapt the series for an American audience , but after watching the pilot , I wrote , “ Despite the first episode being thoroughly hilarious , it ’s hard to imagine how they ’re going to keep up that kind of momentum on a weekly basis . ”
What I did n’t write – but what I did indeed wonder – was why , given how much testing goes into television nowadays , they did n’t change the title .
I mean , c’mon , if you watched the show , then do n’t tell me you did n’t find yourself wondering from Episode # 1 just how long they were planning to drag things out .
In the end , “ Worst Week ” ran for 16 episodes , and given that its final episode * was entitled “ The Epidural , ” it ’s clear that the series never had a chance to expand much beyond its source material .
Not that they could ’ve managed it much faster : getting from premiere to bringing the pregnancy to fruition within five months is certainly nothing to sneeze at .
Still , with all British - adapted series , the rule of thumb is that you should create your own identity as quickly as possible … and they did n’t .
* As far as the show ’s chronology is concerned , anyway .
The actual final episode was entitled “ The Party , ” and it should ’ve actually been the fifth episode .
Instead , it was held back from the initial run and was later ( and somewhat inexplicably ) thrown into the network ’s Saturday night schedule some four months after “ The Epidiural ” aired .
3. I ’m A Celebrity … Get Me Out Of Here ! ( ABC , NBC ) : A lot of game shows and reality shows have successfully made the transition from the UK to the US , but even after two attempts on two different networks , “ I ’m A Celebrity … Get Me Out Of Here ! ” has found American popularity elusive .
But , come on , surely this is a case where you can see the problem immediately : the show ’s very , very loose definition of the word “ celebrity . ”
ABC ’s take on the show featured as contestants three models ( Tyson Beckford , Nikki Shieler Ziering , Alana Stewart ) , two well - past - their - popularity - date former TV hosts ( Downtown Julie Brown , Robin Leach ) , a dancer best known for knocking up a pop star ( Cris Judd ) , a former radio sidekick turned talk show announcer ( John Melendez ) , an Olympic athlete who had n’t yet had his reality - show renaissance ( Bruce Jenner ) , and an actress whose most famous movie was 20 years old ( Maria Conchita Alonso ) .
So , basically , the contestant with the highest profile was Melissa Rivers .
That ’s just sad … and NBC ’s stab at the series was n’t much better , which was evident from the moment it was announced that they were bringing on the wife of disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich .
Seriously , the only reason to watch was to see how much of a douche Spencer Pratt ( “ The Hills ” ) was going to be , and since we knew we ’d end up seeing those clips on “ The Soup , ” anyway , what was the point in tuning in ?
I ’m not saying that the British version has been consistently better when defining “ celebrity , ” but they managed to convince John Lydon to participate in Season 3 of the show .
No , the guy ’s not as punk as he used to be ( which you already know if you ’ve seen him hawking butter ) , but at least he makes for interesting TV .
In most cases , the participants in the American casts did not .
2. Viva Laughlin ( CBS ) : I ca n’t even begin to imagine the level of intensity that the discussions about this show reached within CBS , but I ’m guessing that , in the end , it boiled down to this key question : is the popularity of Hugh Jackman as Wolverine going to be enough to sell audiences on a drama filled with song - and - dance numbers ?
Someone decided that it was .
It was not .
Yes , the curiosity factor may have there for viewers , but it was still too soon for TV critics to be able to resist bringing up “ Cop Rock , ” and the network was showing startling naivete if they thought otherwise .
( Fact : we TV critics keep “ Cop Rock ” in our arsenal like Ollie Queen keeps the boxing - glove arrow in his quiver .
You know the odds are long that you ’ll ever need it , but you want to have it at arm ’s length just in case , and when “ Viva Laughlin ” came around , you can damned well bet that we had that “ Cop Rock ” reference cocked and ready . )
Plus , a casual observer with discerning taste…okay , it was my wife … watched the pilot and noted that waiting for characters to suddenly burst into song is like waiting for a bomb to drop .
It was not a compliment .
At the time , I said of the series , ” “ It ’s a unique show , make no mistake , and placing it on Sundays at 8 PM means that the possibility for a big family audience is there … but , then , a show about a casino does n’t seem much like a family - friendly series .
It probably wo n’t matter , anyway ; neither the Jackman factor nor the novelty of waiting for the next song will be enough to keep it on the air for more than a handful of episodes . ”
If you define “ a handful ” as a mere two episodes , then I was right on the money .
1. Coupling ( NBC ) :
Try telling an American who ’s never seen the original British version of “ Coupling ” that it ’s one of the most hilarious sitcoms of the decade , and they ’ll never believe you , but if you try telling it to someone from the same demographic who managed to catch an episode of the American version of “ Coupling , ” and they may never trust your opinion about television ever again .
Still , I ’m going out on that very limb , mostly because I know there are a lot of other folks out there who ’ll vouch for me .
NBC ’s attempt to bring “ Coupling ” to the States was accompanied by a huge advertising campaign , but what it did not come with , unfortunately , was anything original .
The first episodes of the series to air – which , not coincidentally , ended up being the only episodes to air – slavishly followed the scripts of the British series , which only served to convince fans of the original that this had been a very bad idea .
Meanwhile , BBC America did its part to secure that mindset by pointedly airing episodes of the original immediately after the new version , so that viewers could see exactly how much better the original version was .
They could also see how much better the British cast was .
Certainly , the post - “ Coupling ” credits of our cast show that they had talent : Jay Harrington is the titular star of “ Better Off Ted , ” Colin Ferguson plays Sheriff Jack Carter on “ Eureka , ” Sonya Walger went on to “ Lost ” and is now on “ FlashForward , ” and if Lindsay Price has n’t had the greatest taste in project , at least “ Lipstick Jungle ” and “ Eastwick ” have kept her working .
Their problem was that they started with no chemistry and , by being forced to fit into the shoes of their British counterparts in an almost word - for - word fashion , they were never able to find any .
Honorable Mention : “ The I.T. Crowd . ”
If this one does n’t ring a bell as an American series , that ’s because it never actually was an American series , but it certainly was n’t for lack of NBC trying to make it one .
Indeed , the network was excited enough about the adaptation for NBC Entertainment President Kevin Reilly to chat it up during the May 2007 upfronts , which – as you may recall – also included chatter about the much - vaunted “ Heroes ” spin - off that never was , but the sitcom was set for a mid-season debut , eventually getting wiped off the slate altogether .
So can we blame the infamous writer ’s strike on the fact that we never saw a Stateside take on “ The I.T. Crowd ” ?
If so , then it ’s something that fans of “ Community ” should probably be thankful for , as it was originally supposed to star Joel McHale .
Same deal for “ NCIS ” fans , since Rocky Carroll – now better known as Director Leon Vance – was also penciled in as a cast member .
What really had our hopes up , though , was the fact that Richard Ayoade was set to play the same role on the American version as he had in the British version .
The idea of seeing Moss interact with Americans seemed like it would ’ve been comedy gold , but would “ The I.T. Crowd ” have been the next “ Office , ” or would it have been another “ Coupling ” ?
The world will never know .
Net neutrality is a hot subject in the US and the repercussions of the debate will affect the web worldwide for many years to come .
The battle has been heating up lately with both sides amping up their demands ahead of the unveiling of FCC 's proposed net - neutrality rules on Thursday .
After pressure from the groups opposing net neutrality a large group of mostly tech companies are submitting their own thoughts on net neutrality today .
“ We believe a process that results in common sense baseline rules is critical to ensuring that the Internet remains a key engine of economic growth , innovation and global competitiveness , ” the letter addressed to the FCC reads , according to the Wall Street Journal .
The letter is signed by 24 CEOs and other heavyweights at large web companies like Google and Amazon but also at Facebook or Twitter .
“ An open Internet fuels a competitive and efficient marketplace , where consumers make the ultimate choices about which products succeed and which fail .
This allows businesses of all sizes , from the smallest start - up to larger corporations , to compete , yielding maximum economic growth and opportunity , ” the letter adds .
Net neutrality has been debated for years but up to now not much has been done and ISPs can pretty much do what they want with their services , within the boundaries of the law , of course .
The US Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) stirred things up last month when it announced it would introduce a new set of net neutrality rules that would be enforceable and also apply to wireless operators , a decidedly thorny issue but one that is very important as mobile Internet use is growing at an accelerated rate .
The proposed rules will force providers to treat all of the traffic they handle equally without favoring or discriminating any type of service or company .
This provision has been backed by most web companies for years but ISPs are claiming that it 's simply impossible for them to do this in a way that makes economic sense .
They believe they should be allowed to use their infrastructure as they see fit and to offer their customers premium services , better access to certain services , video services for example , in order to differentiate themselves from the competition .
This argument is a little thin though as most locations have a choice between maybe two or three providers offering broadband services and in many cases just one real alternative , not exactly the most competitive environment .
Advocates of both sides will have plenty of time to argue their positions as the FCC will just reveal the details of its proposed set rules this week after which a lengthy public debate will follow .
Still , the sides want to start early and the net neutrality supporters made their case again also adding some new members to the group .
Amazon ’s CEO Jeff Bezos as well as Google ’s Eric Schmidt are both on board and the companies they represent have been long time supporters of net neutrality but they are now joined by newcomers like Facebook 's cofounder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg and also Twitter 's cofounder and CEO Evan Williams .
The fight will intensify in the coming months but its results wo n't affect the consumers for some time to come .
Joe Freeman is senior vice president and assistant general counsel at Ticketmaster .
He leads Ticketmaster 's North American government relations program .
Submitted photo
We at Ticketmaster have worked closely with Rep. Joe Atkins the past two years , as he has sought to protect Minnesotans ' fair access to tickets put up for sale by concert promoters and other event providers .
When he introduced anti-bots legislation in 2008 , and then in 2009 proposed a measure outlawing the diversion of tickets to resale markets , we wholeheartedly supported his efforts and were pleased when they became law .
We were therefore extremely surprised and disappointed to read Rep. Atkins ' recent commentary , ( " Ticket scammers adapt to the law , so the law adapts right back , " Nov. 24 ) containing some inaccurate statements and misinformation regarding how Ticketmaster has conducted its business in recent years .
First and foremost , as communicated to Atkins ( including in my own testimony on his 2009 legislation ) , each and every Bruce Springsteen ticket -- as well as those of Taylor Swift , U2 and any other performer -- has been made available for sale by Ticketmaster in strict conformance with the instructions of our clients .
In particular , we do not :
Own the tickets being made available for sale .
Your support matters .
You make MPR News possible .
Individual donations are behind the clarity in coverage from our reporters across the state , stories that connect us , and conversations that provide perspectives .
Help ensure MPR remains a resource that brings Minnesotans together .
Donate today .
A gift of $ 17 makes a difference .
" Hold back " any tickets entrusted to us by our clients .
Provide preferential access to brokers or others accessing our Web site .
" Divert " tickets to any ticket brokers or resale Web sites ( including TicketsNow ) .
To the contrary , we invest considerable resources to thwart those unscrupulous individuals who use automated technology to unfairly and illegally access tickets .
We have pursued them in the courts , and are in constant contact with law enforcement officials to ferret out these wrongdoers and help bring them to justice .
When popular events are placed for sale on our system , consumer demand overwhelms ticket supply and our inventory of tickets can be depleted within minutess ( our systems can process and sell thousands of ticket orders within that time ) .
This challenge is exacerbated when our clients hold back significant amounts of tickets that are not initially ( or ever ) made available for us to distribute , or when they dictate that the vast majority of tickets be made available via fan club or promotional presales .
Again , we do not decide how many tickets will be made available for any event or for a particular presale or general sale ; event providers are specifically and solely responsible for deciding the number of tickets provided to Ticketmaster to sell .
When you further consider that an individual ticket request can be as large as six or eight tickets per order -- a limit determined by the event provider and not by Ticketmaster -- it becomes clear why we are unable to satisfy more than a fraction of those fans interested in buying tickets for the most popular events .
And that 's true even as we make tickets available for sale in strict accordance with our clients ' instructions .
We continue to work with promoters and performers to improve the ticketing process .
It is therefore with great pride that we have been providing 100 percent paperless ticketing -- where a fan 's credit card serves as the ticket -- for Miley Cyrus ' North American tour ( including her recent visit to the Twin Cities ) , as well as for portions of the recently concluded Bruce Springsteen tour and John Mayer 's upcoming tour .
Paperless ticketing enables performers and promoters to connect directly with fans and bypass middlemen brokers .
Some 500,000 patrons have been able to see their favorite artists this year by means of Ticketmaster 's paperless initiative .
And we hope that paperless ticketing will be increasingly employed by our clients to improve fans ' access to tickets at face price .
Ticketmaster can be an easy political target , and we make our share of mistakes .
But thoughtful and effective public policy cannot be predicated on misunderstandings or misinformation .
We look forward to continuing to work with Rep. Atkins , Sen. Ron Latz and others in the state Legislature to protect Minnesotans ' fair access to tickets and improve understanding of the live entertainment industry .
----
Joe Freeman is senior vice president and assistant general counsel at Ticketmaster .
He leads Ticketmaster 's North American government relations program .
COLUMBIA , S.C. 
A legislative committee will convene next week to begin preliminary impeachment proceedings against Gov. Mark Sanford , according to a letter sent Friday by the chairman of the state ’s House Judiciary Committee .
The letter , from State Representative James H. Harrison , a Republican , said an ad hoc committee would review a resolution to impeach Mr. Sanford on charges of “ serious misconduct in office ” and dereliction of duty after he secretly left the state in June , leaving no one in charge , to visit a woman in Argentina with whom he was having an extramarital affair .
State lawmakers have considered impeachment for months , but this announcement is the first formal consideration of such a move .
It came two days after the State Ethics Commission said it had found probable cause to hear ethics complaints against Mr. Sanford , also a Republican .
The commission , whose nine members were appointed by the governor , did not say what charges it would pursue , but it reviewed several accusations against Mr. Sanford : that he had used state airplanes for personal or political reasons , bought high - priced plane tickets in violation of policy , failed to disclose trips on private planes and misspent campaign contributions .
- Active local console users get to install signed software on a machine they do not have the root password to
Summary : Active local console users get to install signed software on a machine they d ...
Were you severely injured in an car , truck or motorcycle accident or due to someone 's negligence ?
Was your family impacted by malpractice or wrongful death ?
Are you having difficulty obtaining Social Security or workers ' compensation benefits ?
Our attorneys represent clients throughout Pennsylvania and Ohio .
Attorney Dallas W. Hartman and his team of experienced Pennsylvania personal injury lawyers are ready to help you receive the answers you need and the compensation you deserve .
If you are not able to meet our personal injury attorneys in Pittsburgh , New Castle , Butler , Erie , Hermitage , Cranberry Township or Youngstown , Ohio , we will be happy to meet with you at your home or hospital .
For more than 30 years , our team of lawyers has offered immediate assistance representing accident victims , injured workers , victims of medical malpractice , legal malpractice and wrongful death claims in Pennsylvania and Ohio .
We ’re Dedicated to Our Clients in PA and OH
Our top rated personal injury lawyers have the experience and reputation you can trust to fight for the full and fair compensation you deserve in a wide range of personal injury lawsuits .
Some examples are below :
Motor Vehicle Accident
Incidents on the roadways , including car collisions and serious injuries sustained in a drunk driving accident or claims made on behalf of injured passengers , motorcycle crashes resulting in serious injury or death , bicycle and pedestrian accidents caused by negligent or inattentive drivers , and many more .
Workplace Accident Injuries and Disability Claims
Construction injuries on the job - site from falls , confined spaces , employer safety violations or defective equipment , with a special focus on serious accidents involving heavy equipment like cranes , derricks and forklifts .
Also , workers ’ compensation claims for on - the - job accidents and injuries for which your employer bears responsibility , including material handling , soft tissue and repetitive motion injuries and exposures to chemical or toxic agents .
Serious Injury or Death caused by Medical Malpractice
We can fight for compensation for victims of medical negligence , including birth injuries such as cerebral palsy , OBGYN mistakes , emergency room errors relating to unacceptable wait times and failure to diagnose or properly treat a serious condition .
Our Pennsylvania injury attorneys also cover medication errors caused by negligence on the part of a hospital or pharmacy , Surgical errors including post - surgical infection and wrong site surgery , cancer misdiagnosis or delayed diagnosis , heart attack and stroke misdiagnosis and failure to diagnose or treat a serious heart condition , or Pulmonary embolism caused by medication error or failure to monitor the patient ’s condition after surgery .
Injury or Financial Loss caused by other Professional Negligence
Our dedicated attorneys can help with legal malpractice in cases where an attorney ’s mistake or misconduct resulted in your losing money you would otherwise have won , or even for nursing home litigation in cases of elder abuse and neglect .
And many more !
For a complete list of our practice areas , please visit our Practice Areas page .
2011 Ford Mustang V6 – Click above for high - res image gallery
For 2011 , the Blue Oval is introducing a new 3.7 - liter V6
Now , we could grouse on behalf of 2010 MY ' Stang owners everywhere that these upgrades were n't part of last year 's mid-life updo , but instead , we 'll just be happy that these advancements are arriving at all .
Despite being smaller than the outgoing 4.0 - liter V6 , the dual - overhead cam 3.7 - liter 's horsepower and torque ratings represent massive improvements over the 2010 model ( 305 HP dismisses 210 HP and 280 lb - ft. plays 240 torques ) .
In fact , that 's more horsepower than the 4.6 - liter V8 Mustang made just a few years ago .
While the 305 - horse figure only allows the Mustang to pip the crosstown
Click through to the jump to read more details and check out Ford 's suite of press releases .
It would be reasonable to expect that Ford might pass over the Mustang and instead devote more attention to its other models since it 's fresh off a comprehensive revamp for the 2010 model year .
However , that 's not what is shaping up in the House That Henry Built .
For 2011 , the Blue Oval is introducing a new 3.7 - liter V6 Mustang that should give it the firepower and refinement needed to take on Chevrolet 's six - cylinder Camaro and Hyundai 's upstart Genesis Coupe .
But it is n't just the spanking all - aluminum powerplant and its 305 horsepower and 280 foot - pounds of torque that 's making the scene for the forthcoming model year .
In addition to the Cleveland - sourced mill , there are a pair of fresh gearboxes , a new V6 performance package , and a host of nip / tucks to the interior and elsewhere .
Now , we could grouse on behalf of 2010 MY ' Stang owners everywhere that these upgrades were n't part of last year 's mid-life updo , but instead , we 'll just be happy that these advancements are arriving at all .
Despite being smaller than the outgoing 4.0 - liter V6 , the dual - overhead cam 3.7 - liter 's horsepower and torque ratings represent massive improvements over the 2010 model ( 305 HP dismisses 210 HP and 280 lb - ft. plays 240 torques ) .
In fact , that 's more horsepower than the 4.6 - liter V8 Mustang made just a few years ago .
While the 305 - horse figure only allows the Mustang to pip the crosstown Camaro by a single all - important stallion in the pony car bragging wars , Ford says the powertrain will be good for 30 miles - per - gallon on the highway when paired with its new six - speed automatic , also one notch better than the Chevy Click through to the jump to read more details and check out Ford 's suite of press releases .
[ Source : Ford ]
That impressive
The Heart Transplant
Despite those incremental improvements , the centerpiece of the 2011 Mustang is obviously the 24 - valve Duratec V6 , and it includes Twin Independent Variable Camshaft Timing ( Ti - VCT ) and polished buckets and roller finger followers in the direct - acting mechanical bucket valvetrain , among other features .
Ford officials promise that V6 buyers wo n't miss the roar of the V8's extra cylinders thanks to a retuned air intake and throaty standard dual exhaust .
At the sneak - peek event for this new Mustang motor , Autoblog had the chance to hear the new engine fire up and rev – and it indeed sounds sporty and purposeful .
To be fair , however , we only heard the powertrain briefly in an enclosed space ( a large development garage on Ford 's Dearborn campus ) , so we 'll have to wait until it 's out in the open and we 're behind the wheel to really get a feel for the 3.7 's aural character .
Other noteworthy features of the drivetrain include a deep - sump aluminum oil pan that enables less - frequent 10,000 - mile
On the transmission front , Ford has fitted a new six - speed 6R60 automatic ( with a special hill assist mode that reduces gear hunting ) that allows for the 30 MPG highway bogey , as well as 19 MPG in the urban cycle ( a 25 percent improvement over the 2010's 16 mpg city / 24 mpg highway figures ) .
Prefer to shift for yourself ?
Expect fuel economy to suffer an iota for your enjoyment , with numbers for the six - speed manual falling to 18/29 ( 2010 MY : 18/26 ) .
Naturally , with an all - new powertrain and its differing weight properties , Ford 's engineers also had to turn their attention to the suspension .
To that end , the 2011 V6 gets new damper and spring rates , a different rear lower control arm , and stiffer stabilizer bar bushings .
A More Electrifying Steer ?
We always get a bit nervous when vehicles move to electronic power steering .
Such systems may improve performance by lowering parasitic drag on the engine , but they rarely do any favors for steering feel .
Ford assures us that they 've worked hard to build a robust " feedback loop " into the system , but again , we 'll have to wait and see for ourselves .
In the meantime , we 'll remain curious about how effective Ford 's so - called Pull - Drift Compensation system is at accounting for road crowns and crosswinds , not to mention the amusingly named Active Nibble Control , which apparently helps to exorcise high - speed vibrations caused by wheel balance issues and warped brake rotors .
And about those brakes – they 're bigger .
11.5 - inches in front and 11.8 - inchers out back have been borrowed from the GT 's parts bin , and there 's also a standard limited - slip differential to help get the V6 model 's newfound power to the ground .
The Performance Model
What V6 Mustang are we most eager to drive ?
The new Performance Package model , which is scheduled to go on sale next August , as it promises to provide increased grip and go .
For starters , the Perf Pack borrows the uprated front struts and rear shocks / springs from the V8 GT model , along with its thicker front and rear anti-roll bars and the rear lower control arms from the
How will street spotters identify the new V6 Mustang ?
If the dual exhaust is n't enough of a tip - off , you 'll probably have to check the glass .
For 2011 , all Mustangs get nifty integrated blind - spot mirrors – and if you peek inside the driver 's side window , you might catch a glimpse of the new - look instrument cluster which features a 160 MPH speedo and an 8,000 - RPM tach .
How Much – and What 's Next ?
Ford has yet to release any performance estimates or pricing , but despite the big jump in power and content , we do n't expect pricing to increase dramatically .
Given that the augmented V6 nearly shades the current 4.6 - liter V8 's horsepower figure ( and the fact that the latter engine is comprehensively outgunned by the Camaro SS ' 6.2 - liter engine 's 426 hp and 420 pound - feet of torque , it 's no surprise that a new V8 engine is
The takeaway from all of this ?
For those who thought that the rekindled pony car wars reached a fever pitch this year with the advent of the refreshed Mustang , long - awaited Camaro and still - warm
[ Source : Ford ] That impressive fuel economy figure is n't just the result of the new engine – a suite of new pieces have been developed in order to maximize performance , including a revised air intake , a pair of new six - speed transmissions ( both automatic and manual ) , electric power steering , and even some aerodynamic tidying , including a revised front fascia , deeper front air dam , rear - wheel tire spats , different underbody shields , and a new rear decklid seal .
Despite those incremental improvements , the centerpiece of the 2011 Mustang is obviously the 24 - valve Duratec V6 , and it includes Twin Independent Variable Camshaft Timing ( Ti - VCT ) and polished buckets and roller finger followers in the direct - acting mechanical bucket valvetrain , among other features .
Ford officials promise that V6 buyers wo n't miss the roar of the V8's extra cylinders thanks to a retuned air intake and throaty standard dual exhaust .
At the sneak - peek event for this new Mustang motor , Autoblog had the chance to hear the new engine fire up and rev – and it indeed sounds sporty and purposeful .
To be fair , however , we only heard the powertrain briefly in an enclosed space ( a large development garage on Ford 's Dearborn campus ) , so we 'll have to wait until it 's out in the open and we 're behind the wheel to really get a feel for the 3.7 's aural character .
Other noteworthy features of the drivetrain include a deep - sump aluminum oil pan that enables less - frequent 10,000 - mile oil change intervals and a 7,000 - RPM redline .
On the transmission front , Ford has fitted a new six - speed 6R60 automatic ( with a special hill assist mode that reduces gear hunting ) that allows for the 30 MPG highway bogey , as well as 19 MPG in the urban cycle ( a 25 percent improvement over the 2010's 16 mpg city / 24 mpg highway figures ) .
Prefer to shift for yourself ?
Expect fuel economy to suffer an iota for your enjoyment , with numbers for the six - speed manual falling to 18/29 ( 2010 MY : 18/26 ) .
Naturally , with an all - new powertrain and its differing weight properties , Ford 's engineers also had to turn their attention to the suspension .
To that end , the 2011 V6 gets new damper and spring rates , a different rear lower control arm , and stiffer stabilizer bar bushings .
We always get a bit nervous when vehicles move to electronic power steering .
Such systems may improve performance by lowering parasitic drag on the engine , but they rarely do any favors for steering feel .
Ford assures us that they 've worked hard to build a robust " feedback loop " into the system , but again , we 'll have to wait and see for ourselves .
In the meantime , we 'll remain curious about how effective Ford 's so - called Pull - Drift Compensation system is at accounting for road crowns and crosswinds , not to mention the amusingly named Active Nibble Control , which apparently helps to exorcise high - speed vibrations caused by wheel balance issues and warped brake rotors .
And about those brakes – they 're bigger .
11.5 - inches in front and 11.8 - inchers out back have been borrowed from the GT 's parts bin , and there 's also a standard limited - slip differential to help get the V6 model 's newfound power to the ground .
What V6 Mustang are we most eager to drive ?
The new Performance Package model , which is scheduled to go on sale next August , as it promises to provide increased gripgo .
For starters , the Perf Pack borrows the uprated front struts and rear shocks / springs from the V8 GT model , along with its thicker front and rear anti-roll bars and the rear lower control arms from the Shelby GT500 .
Also included is a 3.31 axle ratio for better acceleration , model - specific 19 - inch alloys wrapped in Pirelli summer rubber , more lenient stability control programming with a dedicated sport mode , as well as a strut tower brace and the usual assortment of badges .
How will street spotters identify the new V6 Mustang ?
If the dual exhaust is n't enough of a tip - off , you 'll probably have to check the glass .
For 2011 , all Mustangs get nifty integrated blind - spot mirrors – and if you peek inside the driver 's side window , you might catch a glimpse of the new - look instrument cluster which features a 160 MPH speedo and an 8,000 - RPM tach .
Ford has yet to release any performance estimates or pricing , but despite the big jump in power and content , we do n't expect pricing to increase dramatically .
Given that the augmented V6 nearly shades the current 4.6 - liter V8 's horsepower figure ( and the fact that the latter engine is comprehensively outgunned by the Camaro SS ' 6.2 - liter engine 's 426 hp and 420 pound - feet of torque , it 's no surprise that a new V8 engine is rumored , and we fully expect to see it before this domestic auto show season is out .
The takeaway from all of this ?
For those who thought that the rekindled pony car wars reached a fever pitch this year with the advent of the refreshed Mustang , long - awaited Camaro and still - warm Dodge Challenger , well ... we ai n't seen nothin ' yet .
1949 : A child with diptheria having a trachetomy in a farmhouse kitchen , from a film made by the Queen 's Nursing Institute called Friend of the Family .
The QNI is putting together a DVD of archive films made between 1930 and 1970 , which will be available for sale from the end of February
Photograph : Queen 's Nursing Institute
This is Rodney Bradford .
A few days ago , Facebook saved his 19 - yo life .
Facebook , and his status plea demanding the immediate consumption of one of the basic food groups every human being needs to properly function in the morning : Pancakes .
Advertisement
Rodney was arrested on October 18 as a suspect in two crimes .
He declared himself innocent and Robert Reuland — his defense lawyer — found the key to free him : " Where 's my pancakes ? "
That seemingly inconsequential Facebook status update proved crucial when the Californian company confirmed that someone wrote it from his father 's Harlem apartment computer , using Rodney 's user and password at around the time of the alleged crime : Saturday October 17 , 11:49 am .
Advertisement
Of course , you can argue that anyone with Rodney 's password could have written the status update , while the 19 - yo went on to commit two crimes , but his defense lawyer and the district attorney disagree :
This implies a level of criminal genius that you would not expect from a young boy like this ; he is not Dr. Evil .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
A spokesman for Brooklyn's District Attorney said the Facebook update served as the confirmation of the other alibis , namely Rodney 's father and stepmother , who declared he was at their Harlem home at the time .
The most interesting thing in this case , however , is that this seems to be the first time in which social networking has been used to save the ass of someone , rather than nailing a really stupid thief .
Some people believe that Facebook and other sites will become part of criminal cases across the country , as they get deeper under society 's skin .
Personally , I can't wait till we are all monitored by automagical retinal scans , and naked bald people in funky swimming pools decide who is a criminal and who is not .
Can't wait , I tell you .
[ Fort Greene ]
How Two Elections Changed America
Two clandestine operations during hard - fought presidential elections of the past half century shaped the modern American political era , but they remain little known to the general public and mostly ignored by historians .
One unfolded in the weeks before Election 1968 and the other over a full year before Election 1980 .
Email
Printer friendly Besides putting into power iconic Republican leaders , Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan , those two elections altered the nation ’s course and went a long way toward defining the current personalities of America ’s national parties , the anything - goes Republicans versus the ever - accommodating Democrats .
The two cases also demonstrated how Official Washington , including the national press corps , could be convinced to avert its eyes from strong evidence of these two historical crimes , Republican sabotage of both President Lyndon Johnson ’s Vietnam peace talks in 1968 and President Jimmy Carter ’s hostage negotiations with Iran in 1980 .
It was easier for all involved to pretend that nothing happened , with the dirty secrets kept from the public for “ the good of the country . ”
Yet those two elections had monumental consequences .
In 1968 , by thwarting Johnson ’s nearly completed peace deal , Nixon condemned the country to four bloody and divisive years , with more than 20,000 additional U.S. soldiers dying in Vietnam – along with millions of Indochinese – and a generational divide opening between parents and their children .
The hatreds unleashed by those four years of unnecessary war also led to bitter battles over the Pentagon Papers , the Watergate scandal and Nixon ’s ouster in 1974 , all further darkening the American political landscape .
In reaction to Nixon ’s Watergate debacle , the Right began building an infrastructure of hard - line think tanks , anti-press attack groups and ideological media outlets to protect any future Republican president caught in wrongdoing .
From the Left ’s internal divisions over Vietnam emerged a group of intense intellectuals who shifted right and became known as the neoconservatives .
Nevertheless , in the late 1970s , Democratic President Jimmy Carter took halting steps in a different direction .
He called for elevating human rights as an American foreign policy priority and focused on the need to conserve energy and address environmental dangers .
Carter ’s stern lectures about the importance of the United States rejecting materialism and developing renewable energy sources did n’t sit well with many Americans already struggling with economic stagflation .
But Carter ’s environmental warnings may have been as prescient as Dwight Eisenhower ’s farewell message about the dangerous “ military - industrial complex . ”
Another Turn
But the course of American history took a sharp turn on Nov. 4 , 1979 , exactly three decades ago , when radical Iranian students stormed the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and took scores of Americans hostage .
Eventually , the Iranians would hold 52 of those Americans through the U.S. presidential election and would release them only after Ronald Reagan was sworn in on Jan. 20 , 1981 .
The coincidence of Reagan ’s swearing - in and the hostage release provided powerful impetus to Reagan and his agenda .
He was immediately seen as an international figure as potent and fearsome to American adversaries as Carter appeared impotent and inept .
Reagan – also bolstered by a Republican takeover of the U.S. Senate – slashed taxes for the well - to - do , assaulted labor unions , deregulated industries , repudiated environmental goals and downplayed energy conservation , even removing Carter ’s solar panels from the roof of the White House .
Instead of government - led efforts to address the nation ’s challenges , Reagan declared in his inaugural address that “ government is not the solution to our problem ; government is the problem . ”
On foreign and military affairs , however , Reagan wanted a major new role for the federal government , expanding the U.S. military , launching new weapons programs and approving covert wars against leftist movements in the Third World .
Some of those secret wars would have long - term consequences , especially Reagan ’s decision to escalate the CIA ’s support for Afghan mujahedeen – essentially Islamist warlords – fighting a Soviet - protected government in Kabul .
Beyond giving a foothold in the region to Islamist extremists , including Saudi exile Osama bin Laden , Reagan ’s policy required catering to the sensitivities of Pakistan ’s Islamic dictators , including turning a blind eye toward their secret development of a nuclear bomb .
Reagan also credentialed the neoconservatives who provided intellectual heft for the bloody interventions in Central America , Africa and Afghanistan .
On Reagan ’s watch , too , the right - wing news media grew into a Washington powerhouse ( which coincided with a retreat from media and think tanks by American progressives ) .
The cumulative effects of Elections 1968 and 1980 , therefore , ca n’t be overstated .
Which is why it is particularly important for the American people to understand what happened behind the scenes to secure those important Republican victories .
No Serious Investigations Despite strong evidence of GOP covert interference in Democratic diplomatic initiatives before those two elections , there has never been a determined official probe to get at the truth .
Nixon ’s sabotage of Johnson ’s Paris peace talks has come under some media scrutiny beginning in 1983 when investigative journalist Seymour Hersh included a sketchy account of Nixon ’s maneuverings in Price of Power , Hersh ’s critical study of Henry Kissinger ’s government career .
According to Hersh , Kissinger , a Harvard academic who was an adviser to Johnson ’s Vietnam peace talks , alerted Nixon ’s team to the prospects of imminent success .
That prompted Nixon ’s associates to send secret messages , partly through right - wing China Lobby figure Anna Chennault , to South Vietnam ’s President Nguyen van
Thieu , assuring him that Nixon would give him a better deal if he threw a wrench into Johnson ’s initiative .
When
Thieu boycotted the peace talks , Johnson ’s last - ditch negotiations failed , opening the door for four more years of the U.S. war in Vietnam , which also spread to Cambodia .
Though more and more evidence has emerged over the years to buttress Hersh ’s account – and the story has never been effectively refuted by Nixon ’s supporters – the story of the sabotaged Paris peace talks remains confined to the Washington Establishment ’s netherworld of impolite topics .
While serving as Nixon ’s national security adviser and Secretary of State , Kissinger emerged as a Washington favorite , known for his witty repartee at cocktail parties .
He was an intellectual with a keen political sense who cultivated the press and wormed his way into a close relationship with Katharine Graham , publisher of the Washington Post and Newsweek .
So much so that when I was a Newsweek correspondent in the late 1980s , I was surprised at the influence Kissinger wielded inside the magazine .
Once , I was working late at night in 1989 , when foreign policy correspondent Doug Waller came by my office .
He had been writing a story about the Tiananmen Square massacre and had been stunned to get a phone call from Henry Kissinger .
At the time , Kissinger was promoting lucrative business ventures with the Chinese communist government and was trying to fend off some of the worst publicity from the massacre , which claimed the lives of an estimated 2,000 to 3,000 pro-democracy protesters .
Waller told me that Kissinger did n’t want Newsweek to use the phrase “ Tiananmen Square massacre ” because Kissinger was claiming that none of the protesters had actually died in Tiananmen Square .
I suggested to Waller , “ perhaps we can make Henry happy by calling it the ‘ round and about Tiananmen Square massacre . ’ ”
Though Kissinger did not prevail in getting his way about blocking the phrase “ Tiananmen Square massacre , ” his behavior inside Newsweek suggested that he understood his clout with Mrs. Graham and other top Newsweek executives , that he could throw his weight around with their subordinates .
Beyond Mrs. Graham ’s domain , any story that put Kissinger in a negative light could expect to get a cold shoulder from many influential media figures who burnished their credentials as Washington insiders by boasting of their access to the great and powerful Kissinger .
So , even a year ago , in November 2008 , when the Lyndon Johnson presidential library released audiotapes of Johnson discussing what he called Nixon ’s “ treason ” regarding the Paris peace talks , the remarkable disclosure received only passing notice from America ’s major newspapers , which published a short Associated Press wire story about Johnson ’s complaint without offering context or details .
The studied indifference by Washington ’s political and journalistic elites may have reflected the same attitude that was expressed in 1968 by a pillar of the Establishment , then - Defense Secretary Clark Clifford , who joined Secretary of State Dean Rusk in urging Johnson not to go public with his evidence of Republican treachery .
“ Some elements of the story are so shocking in their nature that I ’m wondering whether it would be good for the country to disclose the story and then possibly have a certain individual [ Nixon ] elected , ” Clifford said in a Nov. 4 , 1968 , conference call .
“ It could cast his whole administration under such doubt that I think it would be inimical to our country ’s interests . ”
Clifford ’s remark came in the context of Johnson learning that Christian Science Monitor reporter Saville Davis was working on a story about how Nixon ’s entourage had undermined the peace talks by sending its own messages to South Vietnamese officials .
Instead of helping Davis confirm his information , Clifford and Rusk urged Johnson to make no comment , advice that Johnson accepted .
He maintained his public silence and went into retirement embittered over Nixon ’s peace - talk sabotage , which had denied Johnson a chance to end the war .
[ See Consortiumnews.com ’s “ The Significance of Nixon ’s Treason . ” ]
Not in 1983 , after Hersh pulled back the curtain on the 1968 peace - talk gambit , nor at any other time , has there been a formal U.S. government investigation regarding Nixon ’s “ treason . ”
And with the Vietnam gambit still unknown in 1980 , some of the same figures , including Henry Kissinger , had no reason not to reprise their success by disrupting another Democratic President as he tried to navigate the United States past another foreign policy mess , the rise of an Islamic fundamentalist regime in Iran after the U.S. - back Shah of Iran was forced into exile .
The Story Begins Arguably , that troubling story began on the afternoon of March 23 , 1979 , when Kissinger ’s longtime mentor , Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman David Rockefeller , and his aide Joseph Verner Reed entered a town house in the exclusive Beekham Place neighborhood on Manhattan ’s East Side .
They met a small , intense and deeply worried woman whose life had been turned upside down .
The woman , Iran ’s Princess Ashraf , the Shah ’s strong - willed twin sister , had gone from wielding immense behind - the - scenes clout in the ancient nation of Persia to living in exile – albeit a luxurious one .
With hostile Islamic fundamentalists running her homeland , Ashraf also was troubled by the plight of her ailing brother who had fled into exile , first to Egypt and then Morocco .
Now , she was turning for help to the man who ran one of the leading U.S. banks , one which had made a fortune serving as the Shah ’s banker for a quarter century and handling billions of dollars in Iran ’s assets .
Ashraf ’s message was straightforward .
She wanted Rockefeller to intercede with Jimmy Carter and ask the President to relent on his decision against granting the Shah refuge in the United States .
A distressed Ashraf said her brother had been given a one - week deadline to leave his current place of refuge , Morocco .
“ My brother has nowhere to go , ” Ashraf pleaded , “ and no one else to turn to . ” [ See David Rockefeller , Memoirs ]
Carter had been resisting appeals to let the Shah enter the United States , fearing that admitting him would endanger the personnel at the U.S. Embassy in Tehran .
In mid-February 1979 , Iranian radicals had overrun the embassy and briefly held the staff hostage before the Iranian government intervened to secure release of the Americans .
Carter feared a repeat of the crisis .
Already the United States was deeply unpopular with the Islamic revolution because of the CIA ’s history of meddling in Iranian affairs .
The U.S. spy agency had helped organize the overthrow of an elected nationalist government in 1953 and the restoration of the Shah and the Pahlavi family to the Peacock Throne .
In the quarter century that followed , the Shah kept his opponents at bay through the coercive powers of his secret police , known as the SAVAK .
As the Islamic Revolution gained strength in January 1979 , however , the Shah ’s security forces could no longer keep order .
The Shah – suffering from terminal cancer – scooped up a small pile of Iranian soil , boarded his jet , sat down at the controls and flew the plane out of Iran to Egypt .
A few days later , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , an ascetic religious leader who had been forced into exile by the Shah , returned to a tumultuous welcome from crowds estimated at a million strong , shouting “ Death to the Shah . ”
The new Iranian government began demanding that the Shah be returned to stand trial for human rights crimes and that he surrender his fortune , salted away in overseas accounts .
The new Iranian government also wanted Chase Manhattan to return Iranian assets , which Rockefeller put at more than $ 1 billion in 1978 , although some estimates ran much higher .
The withdrawal might have created a liquidity crisis for the bank which already was coping with financial troubles .
Ashraf ’s personal appeal put Rockefeller in what he described , with understatement , as “ an awkward position , ” according to his autobiography Memoirs .
“ There was nothing in my previous relationship with the Shah that made me feel a strong obligation to him , ” wrote the scion of the Rockefeller oil and banking fortune who had long prided himself in straddling the worlds of high finance and public policy .
“ He had never been a friend to whom I owed a personal debt , and neither was his relationship with the bank one that would justify my taking personal risks on his behalf .
Indeed , there might be severe repercussions for Chase if the Iranian authorities determined that I was being too helpful to the Shah and his family . ”
Later that same day , March 23 , 1979 , after leaving Ashraf ’s residence , Rockefeller attended a dinner with Happy Rockefeller , the widow of his brother Nelson who had died two months earlier .
Also at the dinner was former Secretary of State Kissinger , a long - time associate of the Rockefeller family .
Discussing the Shah ’s plight , Happy Rockefeller described her late husband ’s close friendship with the Shah , which had included a weekend stay with the Shah and his wife in Tehran in 1977 .
Happy said that when Nelson learned that the Shah would be forced to leave Iran , Nelson offered to pick out a new home for the Shah in the United States .
The dinner conversation also turned to what the participants saw as the dangerous precedent that President Carter was setting by turning his back on a prominent U.S. ally .
What message of American timidity was being sent to other pro-U.S. leaders in the Middle East ?
‘ Flying Dutchman ’
The dinner led to a public campaign by Rockefeller – along with Kissinger and former Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman John McCloy – to find a suitable home in exile for the Shah .
Country after country had closed their doors to the Shah as he began a humiliating odyssey as what Kissinger would call a modern - day “ Flying Dutchman , ” wandering in search of a safe harbor .
Rockefeller assigned his aide , Joseph Reed , “ to help [ the Shah ] in any way he could , ” including serving as the Shah ’s liaison to the U.S. government .
McCloy , one of the so - called Wise Men of the post - World War II era , was representing Chase Manhattan as an attorney with Milbank , Tweed , Hadley and McCloy .
One of his duties was to devise a financial strategy for staving off Iran ’s withdrawal of assets from the bank .
Rockefeller also pressed the Shah ’s case personally with Carter when the opportunity presented itself .
On April 9 , 1979 , at the end of an Oval Office meeting on another topic , Rockefeller handed Carter a one - page memo describing the views of many foreign leaders disturbed by recent U.S. foreign policy actions , including Carter ’s treatment of the Shah .
“ With virtually no exceptions , the heads of state and other government leaders I saw expressed concern about United States foreign policy which they perceived to be vacillating and lacking in an understandable global approach , ” Rockefeller ’s memo read .
“ They have questions about the dependability of the United States as a friend . ”
An irritated Carter abruptly ended the meeting .
Despite the mounting pressure from influential quarters , Carter continued to rebuff appeals to let the Shah into the United States .
So the Shah ’s influential friends began looking for alternative locations , asking other nations to shelter the ex-Iranian ruler .
Finally , arrangements were made for the Shah to fly to the Bahamas and – when the Bahamian government turned out to be more interested in money than humanitarianism – to Mexico .
“ With the Shah safely settled in Mexico , I had hopes that the need for my direct involvement on his behalf had ended , ” Rockefeller wrote in Memoirs .
“ Henry [ Kissinger ] continued to publicly criticize the Carter administration for its overall management of the Iranian crisis and other aspects of its foreign policy , and Jack McCloy bombarded [ Carter ’s Secretary of State ] Cyrus Vance with letters demanding the Shah ’s admission to the United States . ”
When the Shah ’s medical condition took a turn for the worse in October , Carter relented and agreed to let the Shah fly to New York for emergency treatment .
Celebrating Carter ’s reversal , Rockefeller ’s aide Joseph Reed wrote in a memo , “ our ‘ mission impossible ’ is completed . …
My applause is like thunder . ”
When the Shah arrived in New York on Oct. 23 , 1979 , Reed checked the Shah into New York Hospital under a pseudonym , “ David Newsome , ” a play on the name of Carter ’s undersecretary of state for political affairs , David Newsom .
Embassy Crisis
The arrival of the Shah in New York led to renewed demands from Iran ’s new government that the Shah be returned to stand trial .
In Tehran , on Nov. 4 , 1979 , students and other radicals gathered at the university , called by their leaders to what was described as an important meeting , according to one of the participants whom I interviewed years later .
The students gathered in a classroom which had three blackboards turned toward the wall .
A speaker told the students that they were about to undertake a mission supported by Ayatollah Khomeini , Iran ’s spiritual leader and the de facto head of the government .
“ They said it would be dangerous and that anyone who did n’t want to take part could leave now , ” the Iranian told me .
“ But no one left .
Then , they turned around the blackboards .
There were three buildings drawn on the blackboards .
They were the buildings of the U.S. embassy . ”
The Iranian said the target of the raid was not the embassy personnel , but rather the embassy ’s intelligence documents .
“ We had believed that the U.S. government had been manipulating affairs inside Iran and we wanted to prove it , ” he said .
“ We thought if we could get into the embassy , we could get the documents that would prove this .
We had n’t thought about the hostages .
“ We all went to the embassy .
We had wire cutters to cut through the fence .
We started climbing over the fences .
We had expected more resistance .
When we got inside , we saw the Americans running and we chased them . ”
Marine guards set off tear gas in a futile attempt to control the mob , but held their fire to avoid bloodshed .
Other embassy personnel hastily shredded classified documents , although there was n’t time to destroy many of the secret papers .
The militant students found themselves in control not only of the embassy and hundreds of sensitive U.S. cables , but dozens of American hostages as well .
An international crisis had begun , a hinge that would swing open unexpected doors for both American and Iranian history .
Hidden Compartments David Rockefeller denied that his campaign to gain the Shah ’s admittance to the United States had provoked the crisis , arguing that he was simply filling a vacuum created when the Carter administration balked at doing the right thing .
“ Despite the insistence of journalists and revisionist historians , there was never a ‘ Rockefeller - Kissinger behind - the - scenes campaign ’ that placed ‘ relentless pressure ’ on the Carter administration to have the Shah admitted to the United States regardless of the consequences , ” Rockefeller wrote in Memoirs .
“ In fact , it would be more accurate to say that for many months we were the unwilling surrogates for a government that had failed to accept its full responsibilities . ”
But within the Iranian hostage crisis , there would be hidden compartments within hidden compartments , as influential groups around the world acted in what they perceived to be their personal or their national interests .
Rockefeller was just one of many powerful people who felt that Jimmy Carter deserved to lose his job .
With the hostage crisis started , a countdown of 365 days began toward the 1980 elections .
Though he may have been only dimly aware of his predicament , Carter faced a remarkable coalition of enemies both inside and outside the United States .
In the Persian Gulf , the Saudi royal family and other Arab oil sheiks blamed Carter for forsaking the Shah and feared their own playboy life styles might be next on the list for Iran ’s Shiite fundamentalists .
The Israeli government saw Carter as too cozy with the Palestinians and too eager to cut a peace deal that would force Israel to surrender land won in the 1967 war .
European anti-communists believed Carter was too soft on the Soviet Union and was risking the security of Europe .
Dictators in the Third World – from the Philippines and South Korea to Argentina and El Salvador – were bristling at Carter ’s human rights lectures .
Inside the United States , the Carter administration had made enemies at the CIA by purging many of the Old Boys who saw themselves as protectors of America ’s deepest national interests .
Many CIA veterans , including some still within the government , were disgruntled .
And , of course , the Republicans were determined to win back the White House , which many felt had been unjustly taken from their control after Richard Nixon ’s landslide victory in 1972 .
This subterranean struggle between Carter , trying desperately to free the hostages before the 1980 election , and those who stood to benefit by thwarting him became known popularly as the “ October Surprise ” controversy .
The nickname referred to the possibility that Carter might have ensured his reelection by arranging the hostage return the month before the presidential election as an October Surprise , although the term came ultimately to refer to clandestine efforts to stop Carter from pulling off his October Surprise .
CIA Old Boys
When the hostage crisis was n’t resolved in the first few weeks and months , the attention of many disgruntled CIA Old Boys also turned toward the American humiliation in Iran , which they found doubly hard to take since it had been the site of the agency ’s first major victory , the restoration of the Shah to the Peacock Throne .
A number of veterans from that operation of 1953 were still alive in 1980 .
Archibald Roosevelt was one of the Old Boys from the Iranian operation .
He had moved on to become an adviser to David Rockefeller at Chase Manhattan Bank .
Another was Miles Copeland , who had served the CIA as an intermediary to Arab leaders , including Egyptian President Gamal Abdul Nasser .
In his autobiography , The Game Player , Copeland claimed that he and his CIA chums prepared their own Iranian hostage rescue plan in March 1980 .
When I interviewed Copeland in 1990 at his thatched - roofed cottage outside Oxford in the English countryside , he said he had been a strong supporter of former CIA Director George H.W. Bush in 1980 .
He even had founded an informal support group called “ Spooks for Bush . ”
Sitting among photos of his children who included the drummer for the rock group , The Police , and the manager for the rock star , Sting , Copeland explained that he and his CIA colleagues considered Carter a dangerous idealist .
“ Let me say first that we liked President Carter , ” Copeland told me “ He read , unlike President Reagan later , he read everything .
He knew what he was about .
He understood the situation throughout the Middle East , even these tenuous , difficult problems such as Arabs and Israel .
“ But the way we saw Washington at that time was that the struggle was really not between the Left and the Right , the liberals and the conservatives , as between the Utopians and the realists , the pragmatists .
Carter was a Utopian .
He believed , honestly , that you must do the right thing and take your chance on the consequences .
He told me that .
He literally believed that . ”
Copeland ’s deep Southern accent spit out the words with a mixture of amazement and disgust .
To Copeland and his CIA friends , Carter deserved respect for a first - rate intellect but contempt for his idealism .
“ Most of the things that were done [ by the United States ] about Iran had been on a basis of stark realism , with possibly the exception of letting the Shah down , ” Copeland said .
“ There are plenty of forces in the country we could have marshaled . …
“ We could have sabotaged [ the revolution , but first ] we had to establish what the Quakers call ‘ the spirit of the meeting ’ in the country , where everybody was thinking just one way .
The Iranians were really like sheep , as they are now . ”
Altar of Ideals But Carter , troubled by the possibility that the Shah would have to launch a bloodbath to retain power , delayed taking decisive action and missed the moment of opportunity , Copeland said .
Infuriating the CIA ’s Old Boys , Carter had sacrificed an ally on the altar of idealism .
“ Carter really believed in all the principles that we talk about in the West , ” Copeland said , shaking his mane of white hair .
“ As smart as Carter is , he did believe in Mom , apple pie and the corner drug store .
And those things that are good in America are good everywhere else . ”
Veterans of the CIA and Republicans from the Nixon - Ford administrations judged that Carter simply did n’t measure up to the demands of a harsh world .
“ There were many of us – myself along with Henry Kissinger , David Rockefeller , Archie Roosevelt in the CIA at the time – we believed very strongly that we were showing a kind of weakness , which people in Iran and elsewhere in the world hold in great contempt , ” Copeland said .
“ The fact that we ’re being pushed around , and being afraid of the Ayatollah Khomeini , so we were going to let a friend down , which was horrifying to us .
That ’s the sort of thing that was frightening to our friends in Saudi Arabia , in Egypt and other places . ”
But Carter also bent to the moral suasions of the Shah ’s friends , who argued on humanitarian grounds that the ailing Shah deserved admission to the United States for medical treatment .
“ Carter , I say , was not a stupid man , ” Copeland said , adding that Carter had an even worse flaw : “ He was a principled man . ”
So , Carter decided that the moral act was to allow the Shah to enter the United States for treatment , leading to the result Carter had feared : the seizure of the U.S. Embassy .
Frozen Assets
As the crisis dragged on , the Carter administration cranked up the pressure on the Iranians .
Along with diplomatic initiatives , Iran ’s assets were frozen , a move that ironically helped David Rockefeller ’s Chase Manhattan Bank by preventing the Iranians from cleaning out their funds from the bank ’s vaults .
In Memoirs , Rockefeller wrote that the Iranian “ government did reduce the balances they maintained with us during the second half of 1979 , but in reality they had simply returned to their historic level of about $ 500 million , ” Rockefeller wrote .
“ Carter ’s ‘ freeze ’ of official Iranian assets protected our position , but no one at Chase played a role in convincing the administration to institute it . ”
In the weeks that followed the embassy seizure , Copeland said he and his friends turned their attention to figuring a way out of the mess .
“ There was very little sympathy for the hostages , ” Copeland said .
“ We all have served abroad , served in embassies like that .
We got additional pay for danger .
I think , for Syria , I got 50 percent extra in salary .
So it ’s a chance you take .
“ When you join the army , you take a chance of getting in a war and getting shot .
If you ’re in the diplomatic service , you take a chance on having some horror like this descend on you .
“ But on the other hand , we did think that there were things we could do to get them out , other than simply letting the Iranians , the students , and the Iranian administration know that they were beating us , ” Copeland said .
“ That we could have gotten them out is something that all of us old professionals of the covert action school , we said from the beginning , ‘ Why do n’t they let us do it ? ’ ” According to The Game Player , Copeland met his old friend , ex-CIA counter - intelligence chief James Angleton , for lunch .
The famed spy hunter “ brought to lunch a Mossad chap who confided that his service had identified at least half of the ‘ students , ’ even to the extent of having their home addresses in Tehran , ” Copeland wrote .
“ He gave me a rundown on what sort of kids they were .
Most of them , he said , were just that , kids . ”
Periphery Strategy
The Israeli government was another deeply interested player in the Iran crisis .
For decades , Israel had cultivated covert ties with the Shah ’s regime as part of a Periphery Strategy of forming alliances with non-Arab states in the region to prevent Israel ’s Arab enemies from focusing all their might against Israel .
Though losing an ally when the Shah fell – and offended by the anti-Israeli rhetoric from Khomeini ’s supporters – Israel began quietly rebuilding relations with the Iranian government .
One of the young Israeli intelligence agents assigned to this task was an Iranian - born Jew named Ari Ben-Menashe , who had immigrated to Israel as a teen - ager and was valuable because he spoke fluent Farsi and still had friends in Iran , some of whom were rising within the new revolutionary bureaucracy .
In his own 1992 memoir , Profits of War , Ben-Menashe said the view of Israel ’s Likud leaders , including Prime Minister Menachem Begin , was one of contempt for Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s .
“ Begin loathed Carter for the peace agreement forced upon him at Camp David , ” Ben-Menashe wrote .
“ As Begin saw it , the agreement took away Sinai from Israel , did not create a comprehensive peace , and left the Palestinian issue hanging on Israel ’s back . ”
After the Shah fell , Begin grew even more dissatisfied with Carter ’s handling of the crisis and alarmed over the growing likelihood of an Iraqi attack on Iran ’s oil - rich Khuzistan province .
Israel saw Iraq ’s Saddam Hussein as a far greater threat to Israel than Iran ’s Khomeini .
Ben-Menashe wrote that Begin , recognizing the Realpolitik needs of Israel , authorized shipments to Iran of small arms and some spare parts , via South Africa , as early as September 1979 .
Taking Sides
After the U.S. hostages were taken in November 1979 , the Israelis came to agree with Copeland ’s hard - headed skepticism about Carter ’s approach to the hostage issue , Ben- Menashe wrote .
Even though Copeland was generally regarded as a CIA “ Arabist ” who had opposed Israeli interests in the past , he was admired for his analytical skills , Ben-Menashe wrote .
“ A meeting between Miles Copeland and Israeli intelligence officers was held at a Georgetown house in Washington , D.C. , ” Ben-Menashe wrote .
“ The Israelis were happy to deal with any initiative but Carter ’s .
“ David Kimche , chief of Tevel , the foreign relations unit of Mossad , was the senior Israeli at the meeting .
…
The Israelis and the Copeland group came up with a two - pronged plan to use quiet diplomacy with the Iranians and to draw up a scheme for military action against Iran that would not jeopardize the lives of the hostages . ”
In late February 1980 , Seyeed Mehdi Kashani , an Iranian emissary , arrived in Israel to discuss Iran ’s growing desperation for spare parts for its U.S. - supplied air force , Ben-Menashe wrote .
Kashani , whom Ben-Menashe had known from their school days in Tehran , also revealed that the Copeland initiative was making inroads inside Iran and that approaches from some Republican emissaries had already been received , Ben-Menashe wrote .
“ Kashani said that the secret ex-CIA - Miles - Copeland group was aware that any deal cut with the Iranians would have to include the Israelis because they would have to be used as a third party to sell military equipment to Iran , ” according to Ben-Menashe .
In March 1980 , the following month , the Israelis made their first direct military shipment to Iran , 300 tires for Iran ’s F - 4 fighter jets , Ben-Menashe wrote .
Ben-Menashe ’s account of these early Israeli arms shipments was corroborated by Carter ’s press secretary Jody Powell and Israeli arms dealer William Northrop , who was indicted by the U.S. government in spring 1986 for his role in allegedly unauthorized shipments of U.S. weapons to Iran ( a case that was thrown out after Reagan ’s Iran - Contra arms deal with Iran was exposed in fall 1986 ) .
In an interview for a 1991 PBS Frontline documentary , Jody Powell told me that “ there had been a rather tense discussion between President Carter and Prime Minister Begin in the spring of 1980 in which the President made clear that the Israelis had to stop that [ arms dealing ] , and that we knew that they were doing it , and that we would not allow it to continue , at least not allow it to continue privately and without the knowledge of the American people . ”
Rescue Plans
In the interview at his house in the English countryside , Copeland told me that he and other CIA old - timers developed their own hostage - rescue plan .
Copeland said the plan – which included cultivating political allies within Iran and using disinformation tactics to augment a military assault – was hammered out on March 22 , 1980 , in a meeting at his Georgetown apartment .
Copeland said he was aided by Steven Meade , the ex-chief of the CIA ’s Escape and Evasion Unit ; Kermit Roosevelt , who had overseen the 1953 coup in Iran ; and Archibald Roosevelt , the adviser to David Rockefeller .
“ Essentially , the idea was to have some Iranians dressed in Iranian military uniform and police uniform go to the embassy , address the students and say , ‘ Hey , you ’re doing a marvelous job here .
But now we ’ll relieve you of it , because we understand that there ’s going to be a military force flown in from outside .
And they ’re going to hit you , and we ’re going to scatter these [ hostages ] around town .
Thanks very much . ”
Copeland ’s Iranians would then move the hostages to the edge of Tehran where they would be loaded onto American helicopters to be flown out of the country .
To Copeland ’s chagrin , his plan fell on deaf ears in the Carter administration , which was developing its own rescue plan that would rely more on U.S. military force with only modest help from Iranian assets in Tehran .
So , Copeland said he distributed his plan outside the administration , to leading Republicans , giving sharper focus to their contempt for Carter ’s bungled Iranian strategy .
“ Officially , the plan went only to people in the government and was top secret and all that , ” Copeland said .
“ But as so often happens in government , one wants support , and when it was not being handled by the Carter administration as though it was top secret , it was handled as though it was nothing .
…
Yes , I sent copies to everybody who I thought would be a good ally . …
“ Now I ’m not at liberty to say what reaction , if any , ex-President Nixon took , but he certainly had a copy of this .
We sent one to Henry Kissinger , and I had , at the time , a secretary who had just worked for Henry Kissinger , and Peter Rodman , who was still working for him and was a close personal friend of mine , and so we had these informal relationships where the little closed circle of people who were , a , looking forward to a Republican President within a short while and , b , who were absolutely trustworthy and who understood all these inner workings of the international game board . ”
By April 1980 , Carter ’s patience was wearing thin , both with the Iranians and some U.S. allies .
Questioned by congressional investigators a dozen years later , Carter said he felt that by April 1980 , “ Israel cast their lot with Reagan , ” according to notes I found among the unpublished documents in the files of a House task force that looked at the October Surprise controversy in 1992 .
Carter traced the Israeli opposition to his reelection to a “ lingering concern [ among ]
Jewish leaders that I was too friendly with Arabs . ”
Carter ’s National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski also recognized the Israeli hostility .
In an interview , Brzezinski said the Carter White House was well aware that the Begin government had “ an obvious preference for a Reagan victory . ”
Desert One Encircled by growing legions of enemies , the Carter administration put the finishing touches on its own hostage - rescue operation in April .
Code named “ Eagle Claw , ” the assault involved a force of U.S. helicopters that would swoop down on Tehran , coordinate with some agents on the ground and extract the hostages .
Carter ordered the operation to proceed on April 24 , but mechanical problems forced the helicopters to turn back .
At a staging area called Desert One , one of the helicopters collided with a refueling plane , causing an explosion that killed eight American crewmen .
Their charred bodies were then displayed by the Iranian government , adding to the fury and humiliation of the United States .
After the Desert One fiasco , the Iranians dispersed the hostages to a variety of locations , effectively shutting the door on another rescue attempt , at least one that would have any chance of returning the hostages as a group .
By summer 1980 , Copeland told me , the Republicans in his circle considered a second hostage - rescue attempt not only unfeasible , but unnecessary .
They were talking confidently about the hostages being freed after a Republican victory in November , the old CIA man said .
“ There was no discussion of a Kissinger or Nixon plan to rescue these people , because Nixon , like everybody else , knew that all we had to do was wait until the election came , and they were going to get out , ” Copeland said .
“ That was sort of an open secret among people in the intelligence community , that that would happen . …
The intelligence community certainly had some understanding with somebody in Iran in authority , in a way that they would hardly confide in me . ”
Copeland said his CIA friends had been told by contacts in Iran that the mullahs would do nothing to help Carter or his reelection .
“ At that time , we had word back , because you always have informed relations with the devil , ” Copeland said .
“ But we had word that , ‘ Do n’t worry . ’
As long as Carter would n’t get credit for getting these people out , as soon as Reagan came in , the Iranians would be happy enough to wash their hands of this and move into a new era of Iranian - American relations , whatever that turned out to be . ”
In the interview , Copeland declined to give more details , beyond his assurance that “ the CIA within the CIA , ” his term for the true protectors of U.S. national security , had an understanding with the Iranians about the hostages .
( Copeland died on Jan. 14 , 1991 , before I could interview him again . )
Secret Meetings
Much of the controversy over the October Surprise mystery has centered on several alleged secret meetings in Europe between senior Republicans – including then - Reagan campaign chief William Casey and Reagan ’s running mate George H.W. Bush – and Iranian officials , including senior cleric Mehdi Karrubi .
A variety of witnesses , including Iranian officials and international intelligence operatives , have described these contacts , which have been denied by Bush and other top Republicans .
Though official U.S. investigations have generally sided with the Republicans , a substantial body of evidence – much of it which has been kept hidden from the American people – actually supports the October Surprise allegations .
[ For details , see Robert Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege . ]
In addition , other incriminating evidence was buried in the annex to the January 1993 report by the House October Surprise Task Force , including two letters , one from former Iranian President Abolhassan Bani-Sadr to the task force in December 1992 and another , the translation of a 1980 letter from Iran ’s then - acting foreign minister Sadegh Ghotbzadeh to Iran ’s Majlis or parliament .
Bani -Sadr ’s letter described the internal battles of the Iranian government over the Republican intervention in the 1980 hostage crisis .
Bani -Sadr recounted how he threatened to expose the secret deal between Reagan - Bush campaign officials and Islamic radicals close to Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini if it were n’t stopped .
Bani -Sadr said he first learned of the Republican “ secret deal ” with Iranian radicals in July 1980 after Reza Passendideh , a nephew of Ayatollah Khomeini , attended a meeting with Iranian financier Cyrus Hashemi and Republican lawyer Stanley Pottinger in Madrid on July 2 , 1980 .
Though Passendideh was expected to return with a proposal from the Carter administration , Bani -Sadr said Passendideh instead carried a plan “ from the Reagan camp . ”
“ Passendideh told me that if I do not accept this proposal , they [ the Republicans ] would make the same offer to my [ radical Iranian ] rivals .
He further said that they [ the Republicans ] have enormous influence in the CIA , ” Bani -Sadr wrote .
“ Lastly , he told me my refusal of their offer would result in my elimination . ”
Bani -Sadr said he resisted the threats and sought an immediate release of the American hostages , but it was clear to him that the wily Khomeini was playing both sides of the U.S. political street .
A Majlis Communique Ghotbzadeh , in an Aug. 18 , 1980 , letter to the Majlis , wrote that “ another point to consider is this fact .
We know that the Republican Party of the United States in order to win the presidential election is working hard to delay the solution of the hostages crisis until after the U.S. election . ”
Ghotbzadeh argued for a quicker resolution of the crisis so Iran ’s new Islamic government , which had consolidated its power in part because of the hostage crisis , could “ get on with other more pressing affairs than the hostage issue . ”
He added , that “ objection to this argument is that it will be in line with the policy of the Republican Party leaders and supporters of Rockefeller and Reagan .
[ But ] if we leave this issue unsolved , our new government will be constantly under pressure and may not be able to succeed in its affairs .
In light of this consideration it is better to settle this crisis . ”
However , in his Dec. 17 , 1992 , letter to the House task force , Bani -Sadr said the secret Republican plan to block release of the hostages remained a point of tension between him and Khomeini .
Bani -Sadr said his trump card was a threat to tell the Iranian people about the secret deal that the Khomeini forces had struck with the Republicans .
“ On Sept. 8 , 1980 , I invited the people of Teheran to gather in Martyrs Square so that I can tell them the truth , ” Bani -Sadr wrote .
“ Khomeini insisted that I must not do so at this time .
...
“ Two days later , again , I decided to expose everything .
Ahmad Khomeini [ the ayatollah ’s son ] came to see me and told me , ‘ Imam [ Khomeini ] absolutely promises ’ ” to reopen talks with Carter if Bani - Sadr would relent and not go public .
Bani -Sadr said the dispute led Khomeini to pass on a new hostage proposal to the U.S. government through Khomeini ’s son- in - law , Sadegh Tabatabai , in September 1980 ( although that initiative ultimately was derailed by radical Islamists in the Majlis ) .
Bani -Sadr ’s detailed letter meshed not only with Ghotzabeh ’s contemporaneous accounts but with a statement made by former Defense Minister Ahmad Madani .
Madani had lost to Bani -Sadr in the 1980 presidential race despite covert CIA assistance funneled to his campaign through Iranian financier Cyrus Hashemi .
Madani said he later discovered that Hashemi was double - dealing Carter by collaborating with the Republicans .
In an interview with me in the early 1990s , Madani said Hashemi brought up the name of Reagan ’s campaign chief William Casey in connection with these back - channel negotiations over the U.S. hostages .
Madani said Hashemi urged Madani to meet with Casey , earning a rebuke from Madani that “ we are not here to play politics . ”
As the hostage crisis wore on in late summer 1980 , Ghotbzadeh made other comments about the Republican interference , telling Agence France Press on Sept. 6 , 1980 , that he had information that Reagan was “ trying to block a solution ” to the hostage impasse .
Back in the USA Evidence from Reagan - Bush campaign files also points to undisclosed contacts between the Rockefeller group and Casey during this phase of the hostage crisis .
According to a campaign visitor log for Sept. 11 , 1980 , David Rockefeller and several of his aides who were dealing with the Iranian issue signed in to see Casey at Reagan - Bush campaign headquarters in Arlington , Virginia .
With Rockefeller were Joseph Reed , whom Rockefeller had assigned to coordinate U.S. policy toward the Shah , and Archibald Roosevelt , the former CIA officer who was monitoring events in the Persian Gulf for Chase Manhattan and who had collaborated with Miles Copeland on the Iran hostage - rescue plan .
The fourth member of the party was Owen Frisbie , Rockefeller ’s chief lobbyist in Washington .
In the early 1990s , all the surviving the participants – Rockefeller , Reed and Frisbie – declined to be interviewed about the Casey meeting .
Rockefeller made no mention of the meeting in Memoirs .
Kissinger , another Rockefeller associate , also was in discreet contact with campaign director Casey during this period , according to Casey ’s personal chauffeur whom I interviewed .
The chauffeur , who asked not to be identified by name , said he was sent twice to Kissinger ’s Georgetown home to pick up the former Secretary of State and bring him to the Arlington headquarters for private meetings with Casey , meetings that were not recorded on the official visitor logs .
On Sept. 16 , 1980 , five days after the Rockefeller visit to Casey ’s office , Iran ’s acting foreign minister Sadegh Ghotbzadeh spoke publicly again about Republican interference .
“ Reagan , supported by Kissinger and others , has no intention of resolving the problem , ” Ghotbzadeh said .
“ They will do everything in their power to block it . ”
Six days later , on Sept. 22 , Saddam Hussein ’s Iraqi army invaded Iran , intensifying Iran ’s need for U.S. - made military equipment but also adding another complexity to the crisis .
Wiretaps
In the final weeks before Election 1980 , FBI wiretaps picked up other evidence that connected Rockefeller associates with two of the key suspects in the October Surprise mystery , Iranian banker Cyrus Hashemi and longtime Casey business associate John Shaheen .
According to the FBI wiretaps hidden in Hashemi ’s New York offices in September 1980 , Hashemi and Shaheen were involved in the intrigue surrounding the Iran hostage crisis while simultaneously promoting murky financial schemes .
On the surface , Hashemi had been acting as an intermediary for President Carter for secret approaches to Iranian officials about getting the hostages released .
But Hashemi also appears to have been serving as a backchannel for the Reagan - Bush campaign , working with Shaheen , who had known Casey since their World War II days together in the Office of Strategic Services , the CIA ’s forerunner .
The FBI wiretaps revealed that Hashemi and Shaheen also were trying to establish a bank with Philippine interests in either the Caribbean or in Hong Kong .
In mid-October 1980 , Hashemi deposited “ a large sum of money ” in a Philippine bank and planned to meet with Philippine representatives in Europe , an FBI intercept discovered .
The negotiations led Shaheen to an agreement with Herminio Disini , an in - law of Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos , to establish the Hong Kong Deposit and Guaranty Company .
Disini also was a top moneyman for Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos .
The $ 20 million used as starting capital for the bank came through Jean A. Patry , David Rockefeller ’s lawyer in Geneva , Switzerland .
But the original source of the money , according to two Shaheen associates I interviewed , was Princess Ashraf , the Shah ’s twin sister .
Reagan ’s Victory Back in the United States , polls showed the race between Reagan and Carter close , but Carter suffered with voters because of his inability to resolve the hostage crisis , which was again at the top of the news because the first anniversary of the hostage - taking coincided with Election Day 1980 .
So , On Nov. 4 , 1980 , one year to the day after the Iranian militants seized the U.S. Embassy in Tehran , Ronald Reagan routed Jimmy Carter in the U.S. presidential elections .
In the weeks after the election , the hostage negotiations continued .
As Reagan ’s Inauguration neared , Republicans talked tough , making clear that Ronald Reagan would n’t stand for the humiliation that the nation endured for 444 days under Carter .
The Reagan - Bush team intimated that Reagan would deal harshly with Iran if it did n’t surrender the hostages .
A joke making the rounds of Washington went : “ What ’s three feet deep and glows in the dark ?
Tehran ten minutes after Ronald Reagan becomes President . ”
On Inauguration Day , Jan. 20 , 1981 , just as Reagan was beginning his inaugural address , word came from Iran that the hostages were freed .
The American people were overjoyed .
The coincidence in timing between the hostage release and Reagan ’s taking office immediately boosted the new President ’s image as a tough guy who would n’t let the United States be pushed around .
In the days after Reagan ’s inauguration , participants in the October Surprise mystery seemed to be getting in line for payoffs .
The bank deal that Cyrus Hashemi and John Shaheen had discussed for months took final shape on Jan. 22 , 1981 .
Shaheen opened the Hong Kong Deposit and Guaranty Bank with $ 20 million that had been funneled to him through Jean Patry , the Rockefeller - connected lawyer in Geneva who was fronting for Princess Ashraf .
Why , I asked one of Shaheen ’s associates , would Ashraf have invested $ 20 million in a bank with these dubious characters ?
“ It was funny money , ” the associate answered .
He believed it was money that the Islamic revolutionary government was claiming as its own .
A second Shaheen associate said Shaheen was particularly secretive when asked about his relationship with the deposed princess .
“ When it comes to Ashraf , I ’m a cemetery , ” Shaheen once said .
From 1981 to 1984 , Hong Kong Deposit and Guaranty pulled in hundreds of millions of petrodollars .
The bank also attracted high - flying Arabs to its board of directors .
Two directors were Ghanim Al - Mazrouie , an Abu Dhabi official who controlled 10 percent of the corrupt Bank of Credit and Commerce International , and Hassan Yassin , a cousin of Saudi financier Adnan Khashoggi and an adviser to BCCI principal Kamal Adham , the former chief of Saudi intelligence .
Though Cyrus Hashemi's name was not formally listed on the roster of the Hong Kong bank , he did receive cash from BCCI , al - Mazrouie ’s bank .
An FBI wiretap of Hashemi 's office in early February 1981 picked up an advisory that “ money from BCCI [ is ] to come in tomorrow from London on Concorde . ”
( In 1984 , the Hong Kong Deposit and Guaranty collapsed and an estimated $ 100 million disappeared . )
Langley Meeting Early in the Reagan - Bush administration , Joseph Reed , the aide to David Rockefeller , was appointed and confirmed as the new U.S. ambassador to Morocco .
Before leaving for his posting , he visited the CIA and its new director , William Casey .
As Reed arrived , CIA official Charles Cogan was getting up and preparing to leave Casey ’s office .
Knowing Reed , Cogan lingered at the door .
In a “ secret ” deposition to the House task force in 1992 , Cogan said he had a “ definite memory ” of a comment Reed made about disrupting Carter 's “ October Surprise ” of a pre-election release of the 52 American hostages in Iran .
But Cogan said he could n’t recall the precise verb that Reed had used .
“ Joseph Reed said , ‘ we ’ and then the verb [ and then ] something about Carter 's October Surprise , ” Cogan testified .
“ The implication was we did something about Carter 's October Surprise , but I do n't have the exact wording . ”
One congressional investigator , who discussed the recollection with Cogan in a less formal setting , concluded that the verb that Cogan chose not to repeat was an expletive relating to sex – as in “ we f--d Carter ’s October Surprise . ”
During Cogan ’s deposition , David Laufman , a Republican lawyer on the House task force and a former CIA official , asked Cogan if he had since “ had occasion to ask him [ Reed ] about this ” recollection ?
Yes , Cogan replied , he recently had asked Reed about it , after Reed moved to a protocol job at the United Nations .
“ I called him up , ” Cogan said .
“ He was at his farm in Connecticut , as I recall , and I just told him that , look , this is what sticks in my mind and what I am going to say [ to Congress ] , and he did n't have any comment on it and continued on to other matters . ”
” He did n't offer any explanation to you of what he meant ? ” asked Laufman .
” No , ” answered Cogan .
” Nor did he deny that he had said it ? ” asked another task force lawyer Mark L. Shaffer .
” He did n't say anything , ” Cogan responded .
“ We just continued on talking about other things . ”
And so did the Task Force lawyers at this remarkable deposition on Dec. 21 , 1992 .
The lawyers even failed to ask Cogan the obvious follow - up : What did Casey say and how did Casey react when Reed allegedly told Reagan ’s ex-campaign chief that “ we f--d Carter ’s October Surprise . ”
Discovered Documents
I found Cogan ’s testimony and other incriminating documents in files left behind by the task force , which finished its half - hearted investigation of the October Surprise controversy in January 1993 .
Among those files , I also discovered the notes of an FBI agent who tried to interview Joseph Reed about his October Surprise knowledge .
The FBI man , Harry A. Penich , had scribbled down that “ numerous telephone calls were placed to him [ Reed ] .
He failed to answer any of them .
I conservatively place the number over 10 . ” Finally , Penich , armed with a subpoena , cornered Reed arriving home at his 50 - acre estate in Greenwich , Connecticut .
“ He was surprised and absolutely livid at being served at home , ” Penich wrote .
“ His responses could best be characterized as lashing out . ”
Reed threatened to go over Penich 's head .
In hand - written “ talking points ” that Penich apparently used to brief an unnamed superior , the FBI agent wrote : “ He [ Reed ] did it in such a way as to lead a reasonable person to believe he had influence w / you .
The man 's remarks were both inappropriate and improper . ”
But the hard - ball tactics worked .
When Reed finally consented to an interview , Task Force lawyers just went through the motions .
Penich took the interview notes and wrote that Reed “ recalls no contact with Casey in 1980 , ” though Reed added that “ their paths crossed many times because of Reed 's position at Chase . ”
As for the 1981 CIA visit , Reed added that as the newly appointed U.S. ambassador to Morocco , he “ would have stopped in to see Casey and pay respect . ”
But on whether Reed made any remark about obstructing Carter 's October Surprise , Reed claimed he “ does not specifically know what October Surprise refers to , ” Penich scribbled down .
[ For a text of the Penich notes , click here .
To see a PDF file of the actual notes , click here . ]
The task force lawyers did n’t press hard .
Most strikingly , the lawyers failed to confront Reed with evidence that would have impeached his contention that he had “ no contact with Casey in 1980 . ”
According to the sign - in sheets at the Reagan - Bush campaign headquarters , which the task force had obtained , Reed saw Casey on Sept. 11 , 1980 , less than two months before the election .
Weapons Flowing After Reagan entered the White House , U.S. weapons were again flowing secretly to Iran through Israel .
For instance , Northrop ’s affidavit stated that even before Reagan ’s inauguration , Israel had sounded out the new administration regarding its attitudes toward more weapons shipments to Iran and got “ the new administration ’s approval . ”
By March 1981 , millions of dollars in weapons were moving through the Israeli arms pipeline , Norththrop said , including spare parts for U.S. - made aircraft and tons of other hardware .
Northrop said Israel routinely informed the new Reagan administration of its shipments .
On July 18 , 1981 , one of these weapons deliveries went awry , however .
A chartered Argentine plane strayed off course on its return flight and was shot down by Soviet interceptors , threatening to reveal the clandestine deliveries that might have outraged the U.S. public if it were known that Israel was supplying weapons to Iran with Reagan ’s secret blessing .
After the plane was shot down , Nicholas Veliotes , a career diplomat who had been named Reagan ’s assistant secretary of state for the Middle East , tried to get to the bottom of the mysterious weapons flight .
“ We received a press report from Tass [ the official Soviet news agency ] that an Argentinian plane had crashed , ” Veliotes said .
“ According to the documents … this was chartered by Israel and it was carrying American military equipment to Iran . …
“ And it was clear to me after my conversations with people on high that indeed we had agreed that the Israelis could transship to Iran some American - origin military equipment .
“ Now this was not a covert operation in the classic sense , for which probably you could get a legal justification for it .
As it stood , I believe it was the initiative of a few people [ who ] gave the Israelis the go - ahead .
The net result was a violation of American law . ”
The reason that the Israeli flights violated U.S. law was that no formal notification had been given to Congress about the transshipment of U.S. military equipment as required by the Arms Export Control Act .
In checking out the Israeli flight , Veliotes came to believe that the Reagan - Bush camp ’s dealings with Iran dated back to before the 1980 election .
“ It seems to have started in earnest in the period probably prior to the election of 1980 , as the Israelis had identified who would become the new players in the national security area in the Reagan administration , ” Veliotes said .
“ And I understand some contacts were made at that time . ” Q : “ Between ? ” Veliotes : “ Between Israelis and these new players . ” Israeli Interests
In my work on the Iran - Contra scandal , I had obtained a classified summary of testimony from a mid-level State Department official , David Satterfield , who saw these early arms shipments as a continuation of Israeli policy toward Iran .
“ Satterfield believed that Israel maintained a persistent military relationship with Iran , based on the Israeli assumption that Iran was a non-Arab state which always constituted a potential ally in the Middle East , ” the summary read .
“ There was evidence that Israel resumed providing arms to Iran in 1980 . ”
Over the years , senior Israeli officials claimed that those early shipments had the quiet blessing of top Reagan - Bush officials .
In May 1982 , Israeli Defense Minister Ariel Sharon told the Washington Post that U.S. officials had approved Iranian arms transfers .
“ We said that notwithstanding the tyranny of Khomeini , which we all hate , we have to leave a small window open to this country , a tiny small bridge to this country , ” Sharon said .
A decade later , in 1993 , I took part in an interview with former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir in Tel Aviv during which he said he had read Gary Sick ’s 1991 book , October Surprise , which made the case for believing that the Republicans had intervened in the 1980 hostage negotiations to disrupt Jimmy Carter ’s reelection .
With the topic raised , one interviewer asked , “ What do you think ?
Was there an October Surprise ? ” “ Of course , it was , ” Shamir responded without hesitation .
“ It was . ”
Later in the interview , Shamir seemed to regret his frankness and tried to backpedal on his answer .
Lie Detector Iran-Contra special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh also came to suspect that that later arms - for - hostage case traced back to 1980 , since it was the only way to make sense of why the Reagan - Bush team continued selling arms to Iran in 1985 - 86 when there was so little progress in reducing the number of American hostages then held by Iranian allies in Lebanon .
When Walsh ’s investigators conducted a polygraph of George H.W. Bush ’s national security adviser ( and former CIA officer ) Donald Gregg , they added a question about Gregg ’s possible participation in the secret 1980 negotiations .
“ Were you ever involved in a plan to delay the release of the hostages in Iran until after the 1980 Presidential election ? ” the examiner asked .
Gregg ’s denial was judged to be deceptive .
[ See Final Report of the Independent Counsel for Iran / Contra Matters , Vol. I , p. 501 ]
Despite all the evidence , the well - connected Republicans really had little to fear .
In 1992 , the House task force , which was assigned to look into the October Surprise mystery , was headed by centrist Democrat Lee Hamilton and hard - line Republican Henry Hyde .
They and their staffs seemed more interested in dismissing the suspicions than digging for the truth .
When the task force report was issued on Jan. 13 , 1993 , it cleared the Republicans of all charges , but that conclusion was based on tendentious interpretations of the published evidence , the withholding of many incriminating documents , and the construction of illogical alibis for top Republicans .
For instance , one alibi for Casey on a key day was that Reagan ’s national security aide Richard Allen had written down Casey ’s home phone number on a notepad that day .
Although Allen had no recollection or record of reaching Casey at home , the task force concluded that the act of writing down a person ’s home phone number proved the person was at home .
In the cause of maintaining political comity in Washington , the always - seeking - bipartisanship Democrats gave the Republicans another pass on what appeared to be a major national security crime .
[ For more on this topic , see Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege . ]
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Women for Polygamy
What can polygamy on the outskirts of Russia tell us about the effects of the financial crisis in less remote locales ?
A lot — or so says Cambridge anthropologist Caroline Humphrey : “ In the 1990 ’s , Russia and central Asia experienced huge economic change : what a bank was , how your career was going , what you could expect from life , everything changed overnight .
And of course it had a huge impact on people ’s lives , from family life to politics , and polygamy is part of that whole scene .
So far , we have n’t had such dramatic change in the west , but you never know . ”
Humphrey , who studies communities on the edges of the former Soviet Union , found that many men and women advocate polygamy for economic reasons .
Men are in short supply and life on the rural farms many women live on is difficult .
“ Women say that the legalization of polygamy would be a godsend : it would give them rights to a man ’s financial and physical support , legitimacy for their children , and rights to state benefits , ” Humphrey told the Guardian .
( HT : Marginal Revolution ) [ % comments ]
It 's Friday , time for some fun !
Advanced API analytics fun :)
click to enlarge
p.s. If you have created any cool new visualizations using the Google Analytics Data Export API , email us so we can highlight them as well .
And , here is a video explaining how to look at the Treemap visualization and how to use it .
The goal of this example was to teach people how to use the Google Analytics API on App Engine in Java , as well as to demonstrate how to use both OAuth and AuthSub along with the App Engine 's various services .
The code looked great , but the output was a boring HTML table .
So we used some open source tools to transform the table into a pretty tree map visualization , which is also useful in noticing interesting metrics .
All the code has been open sourced on Google Project hosting .
Also , here 's an article describing how this application works making it easy for developers to use this example as a starting point for new data visualizations and other Google Data projects .
For the data retrieval part , we used the App Engine Java SDK and the Google Analytics Data Export API Java Client Library to retrieve data from Google Analytics .
The example code implements both unsigned AuthSub and registered OAuth authorization methods allowing developers to get up and running quickly in their dev environment and later switch to a secure authorization method in production environments .
The application also uses the Model - View - Controller pattern , making it flexible and allowing developers to extend the code for new applications ( e.g. adding support for other Google Data APIs ) .
And lastly , for the visualization part , we used the open - sourced Protovis SVG Visualization Library to create the Treemap .
This JavaScript library is maintained by the Stanford Visualization Group and excels at creating brand new visualizations from a data set ( in this case a boring HTML table ) .
To handle all of the interactions , including rollover , tooltips and slider controls , we used JQuery .
Here is the JavaScript source for the visualization part of the sample .
Enjoy !
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
History - making Japanese space mission ends in flames
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : November 1 , 2009
Packed with garbage from the International Space Station , the first HTV cargo freighter met a fiery demise over the Pacific Ocean on Sunday , punctuating an historic chapter in the Japanese space program .
Artist 's concept of the HTV 's re-entry .
Credit : JAXA
The 33 - foot - long cylindrical spaceship barreled into the upper atmosphere around 2126 GMT ( 4:26 p.m. EST ) over the Pacific Ocean just off the coast of New Zealand , according to the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency .
The H - 2 Transfer Vehicle fired its engines three times Sunday to slow its speed by 199 mph , just enough to drop its orbit into the atmosphere and fall from space .
The final engine firing lasted eight minutes and wrapped up at 2101 GMT ( 4:01 p.m. EST ) as the spacecraft flew near the southern half of Japan .
Although Japanese officials expected the bulk of the freighter to burn up during re-entry , some chunks of the spacecraft could have hit the Pacific Ocean .
The ship 's propellant tanks were most likely to have survived .
" Most of the vehicle components are expected to be destroyed and burned out encountering the aerodynamic heating during the re-entry , but some of the debris is estimated to survive and fall into the South Pacific Ocean , " JAXA said in a written statement .
Debris from the HTV would have likely fallen in a rectangular box stretching across the Pacific Ocean between New Zealand and South America , according to JAXA .
The HTV mission 's ending Sunday closed out a 52 - day inaugural mission that began in the wee hours of the morning Sept. 11 , Japanese time , at the picturesque spaceport on Tanegashima Island off the southern coast of Japan .
Launching on an H - 2B rocket specifically built for the logistics ship , the HTV spent a week undergoing orbital trials before it was cleared to approach the space station .
The craft closed within 30 feet of the complex Sept. 17 , close enough for astronaut Nicole Stott to grapple the free - flying HTV using the station 's robot arm .
The arm berthed the ship to the Earth - facing port of the outpost 's Harmony module , where it stayed for 43 days .
File photo of the HTV 's arrival at the space station .
Credit : NASA
The product of more than $ 1.1 billion in rocket and spacecraft development , the first HTV brought about 7,500 pounds of supplies and experiments to the space station .
Comprising about 2,000 pounds of that mass were two Earth science experiments mounted on an exposed platform on the HTV .
Both payloads were attached to the outdoor science deck of the Kibo laboratory module .
The NASA HREP instrument carries two experiments to study the oceans and atmosphere .
HREP 's ocean sensor will focus on coastal features , and the atmospheric ultraviolet and visible instrument will look at the ionosphere and thermosphere .
JAXA 's SMILES experiment will detect trace gases in the ozone layer using a submillimeter sounder .
The 1,047 - pound instrument will help determine the extent of human activity 's affects on ozone .
About 5,475 pounds of supplies were hauled to the station inside the HTV 's pressurized section .
This cargo included food , computers , experiments , crew provisions and other maintenance equipment .
After unloading the supplies , the station residents packed the ship with trash to free up storage space on the complex .
The HTV was filled with 1,600 pounds of garbage when it left the station Friday .
Six more HTV flights are on the books , flying at a pace of about one per year through about 2016 .
The next Japanese cargo mission is slated for the end of next year .
HTV missions will be a key part of the resupply strategy for the space station after the space shuttle 's retirement next year .
After the shuttle is removed from service , the HTV will be the only spacecraft capable of delivering large external hardware to the complex , such as science experiments and spare parts called Orbital Replacement Units , or ORUs .
The last few shuttle flights are filled with ORUs to stock the station with replacement equipment .
Europe 's Automated Transfer Vehicle , which first flew last year , can't carry unpressurized equipment .
The venerable Russian Progress logistics freighter is also restricted to pressurized cargo .
New spacecraft being developed by SpaceX and Orbital Sciences Corp. could accommodate larger payloads for the station 's exterior , but both ships may not be operational until 2011 .
A listener forwarded me this rather extraordinary email :
From : The Real Food Channel < newsletter@therealfoodchannel.com >
Subject :
The shocking truth about dairy
Date : Thursday , October 1 , 2009 , 11:59 AM
John McDougall MD routinely reverses and cures serious diseases like diabetes and heart disease simply by helping his patients change their diets .
Well there ’s certainly no news in the fact that poor dietary habits can contribute to obesity , diabetes , and some forms of heart disease .
No doctor would dispute basic health information like that .
But “ routinely reverses and cures serious diseases ” ?
Red flags begin waving .
In his experience , the most important thing to remove from your diet is dairy foods .
Really ?
And is there any correlation between dairy and heart disease ?
Dairy and diabetes ?
Sounds like this author paints Dr. McDougall as being a little blinded by his own luminance .
I realize that a lot of people are not going to want to hear this , but the science is overwhelming .
Got to love “ A lot of people are not going to want to hear this . ”
He ’s being suppressed for bucking the official establishment .
Too bad this kind of rhetoric is so effective on unsuspecting readers .
And the science is overwhelming !
Well , if this guy says so , it must be true .
But I wonder how he has come to this conclusion , since McDougall has not managed to convince any meaningful percentage of the medical community that outrageous claims are anything other than quackery .
This total failure constitutes “ overwhelming science ” ?
The scary thing is that advertising dollars from the milk and cheese industry keeps this simple information from getting to the public .
Ahhh , so it ’s all a conspiracy .
That puts it into a whole new light of plausibility .
I know that my doctor receives his share of Big Milk dollars every month , and he ’s always telling my kids and I to drink it .
The bastard .
If you want a simple thing you can do to significantly improve your health , take the time to watch this important video .
Details :
http://www.therealfoodchannel.com/page/29.html
Ken McCartthy
Founder , The Real Food Network P.S. Please share Real Food Channel videos with your friends , family and colleagues .
That ’s how we grow .
Thanks .
Amacord , Inc .
14 North Road ,
Tivoli , NY 12583 , USA
I would n’t post an email like this unless it was obviously bunk .
I searched the literature , and found that the preponderance of research supports … ummm … exactly the opposite of what McCartthy is attributing to Dr. McDougall .
Here ’s from a 2005 study published in the Archives of Internal Medicine :
Each serving - per - day increase in total dairy intake was associated with a 9 % lower risk for type 2 diabetes …
CONCLUSION : Dietary patterns characterized by higher dairy intake , especially low - fat dairy intake , may lower the risk of type 2 diabetes in men .
McCartthy ’s “ overwhelming science ” – 0 ; real science – 1 .
I could go on , but there are useful things to do in life .
So what is this “ The Real Food Channel ” anyway ?
No , it ’s not a food channel , surprisingly enough .
It ’s a nearly blank web site slathered in advertising links , and its only content is videos promoting quackery with titles such as Make Yourself Heart Attack Proof .
As far as I can tell , these videos appear to all be pirated from other sources , not created by McCartthy himself .
Click any of the links , and you ’re sent off to some site selling quack health products : Supplements , books , superfruits , you name it ; all promising to endow you with some kind of magical super - health .
In short , it ’s an affiliate marketing site , making money off of tricking you into buying worthless woo .
Always be skeptical …
Before polls closed on Election Day , Mr. Erickson and Mr. DeMint convened a conference call to identify the next conservative battlegrounds , urging thousands of followers to direct the energy and money they had spent in the New York race toward a Rubio victory .
The Club for Growth is now backing Mr. Rubio , and produced an anti-Crist ad featuring the hug .
Endorsements from conservative leaders like Mike Huckabee and Dick Armey and glowing coverage from George F. Will and National Review have made Mr. Rubio , 38 , the sudden standard bearer for a more conservative Republican Party .
In the past few months , he has begun pulling closer to Mr. Crist in polls and fund - raising , collecting nearly $ 1 million in the last cycle .
Mr. Crist , endlessly tanned , endlessly sunny , is known as a gifted campaigner with savvy for symbolism .
Hoping to emphasize his record as tough on crime when he ran for governor , he had the host of “ America ’s Most Wanted ” deliver his papers to elections officials .
He came into office promising to cut property taxes , and promoting consensus on issues like the environment and stem cell research .
And if they sometimes say he is trying too hard to please everyone , voters , Democrat as well as Republican , have rewarded him with high ratings .
The National Republican Senatorial Committee backed Mr. Crist as soon as he announced he was running in May , thinking it would save trouble .
He is as avid a fund - raiser as he is a campaigner , and helped deliver the state , and effectively the Republican presidential nomination , to Mr. McCain  so the party could save money in Florida to spend elsewhere .
“ I think pragmatism is not a bad thing , ” said the committee ’s chairman , Senator John Cornyn of Texas .
But , hounded by conservative bloggers , Mr. Cornyn announced this month that he did not plan to spend any money in the primary .
The committee does not usually spend in primaries ; the need for such a statement spoke to the heat of the race , 10 months before primary day .
ROVE’S INTEREST IN AN ‘ HONEST APPRAISAL ’….
When Karl Rove helped run the White House , he accepted certain beliefs as truths .
He believed , for example , turning massive surpluses into massive deficits was entirely reasonable .
He believed reckless tax cuts for the already rich were an example of responsible governing .
He believed expanding the size of government , adding to entitlements , increasing the federal role in education , and putting it all on future generations ’ tab , was perfectly sensible .
He believed fiscal responsibility was a punch - line .
And now that Karl Rove is outside the White House , he believes he ’s entitled to complain about deficits from his perch in the media establishment .
What seems to concern the president is not the problem runaway spending poses for taxpayers and the economy .
Rather , what bothers him is the political problem it poses for Democrats .
Last year , Mr. Obama made fiscal restraint a constant theme of his presidential campaign .
“ Washington will have to tighten its belt and put off spending , ” he said back then , while pledging to “ go through the federal budget , line by line , ending programs that we do n’t need . ”
Voters found this fiscal conservatism reassuring .
However , since taking office Mr. Obama pushed through a $ 787 billion stimulus , a $ 33 billion expansion of the child health program known as S - chip , a $ 410 billion omnibus appropriations spending bill , and an $ 80 billion car company bailout .
He also pushed a $ 821 billion cap - and - trade bill through the House and is now urging Congress to pass a nearly $ 1 trillion health - care bill .
Rove wants to see an “ honest appraisal ” of where we are .
Good idea .
The stimulus was necessary because Rove ’s old boss left the president an economy on the verge of wholesale collapse .
S-CHIP expansion was necessary because Rove ’s old boss rejected a bipartisan measure to help low - income children go to the doctor .
Rescuing the auto industry was necessary because it was a continuation of Rove ’s old boss ’ policy and the nation could n’t afford to cut off American manufacturing at the knees at the height of the recession .
Cap and trade , Rove neglected to mention , would n’t add to the deficit , and is necessary because Rove ’s old boss ignored the climate crisis for eight years .
The health care reform bill would cut the deficit significantly , and is necessary because Rove ’s old boss fiddled while the dysfunctional health care system got worse .
That ’s an “ honest appraisal . ”
Rove added , “ When Mr. Obama was sworn into office the federal deficit for this year stood at $ 422 billion .
At the end of October , it stood at $ 1.42 trillion . ”
Rove may not be smart enough to understand this , so I ’ll try to make the explanation simple for him .
The bulk of the $ 1.42 trillion deficit has nothing to do with the Obama administration ’s policies .
The Center for American Progress ’ Michael Ettlinger and Michael Linden recently explained , “ The policies of the Bush administration , which included tax cuts during a time of war and a floundering economy , are clearly the primary source of the current deficits . ”
Specifically , 40 % of the fiscal deterioration we ’re seeing — the single largest contributing factor — can be attributed to Bush policies .
Another 12 % comes from Bush ’s financial rescues , while 20 % are the result of the economic crisis Bush handed off to his successor .
What ’s President Obama ’s share ?
Just 16 % of the total , most of which is the result of new spending that was necessary to prevent a depression .
There are some pretty sleazy pundits in the media , but when it comes to combining dishonesty , ignorance , hypocrisy , and misguided chutzpah , few are quite as offensive as the man George W. Bush used to call “ Turd Blossom . ”
Andrew Sullivan added earlier :
I remember very vividly a heated argument with Karl Rove over eight years ago in which I worried about spending and deficits .
“ Deficits do n’t matter ! ”
Rove kept repeating in that nasal world - weary tone he has .
After a bit , I said , “ What do you mean , deficits do n’t matter ?
Do n’t you remember the 1990s ? ” “ No , no , no , no , Andrew , ” he replied .
“ What I mean is that people do n’t vote on deficits .
That ’s why they do n’t matter . ”
I learned then that nothing beyond short term politics motivates Rove .
Nothing .
And I also learned : this fathomless cynicism is not just repulsive , it ’s invariably wrong .
People sure did vote on deficits in 1992 .
And one small reason Obama won in 2008 is because many Independents and Republicans could n’t trust the GOP to stop spending and borrowing us into oblivion in an era of economic growth .
Now , Rove — whose shamelessness is only matched by his incompetence — is writing a deficit hawk column for the WSJ … .
What Rove requires is what Palin requires : total amnesia of what they just said or did .
Update : Joe Klein added : “ It ’s not surprising that the blinkered extremists of the Wall Street Journal editorial page would print this drivel — any other mainstream op - ed page would require
Rove to acknowledge , in passing , at least , his complicity in the current mess — but it remains a scandal , nonetheless , and the sheer craven audacity of it needs to be pointed out , from time to time . ”
November 30 , 2009 — Alderson Warm - Fork
Most readers will probably have by now that Switzerland has passed a referendum to ban the building of minarets anywhere in the country .
This has prompted many musings , in particular on the relationship between democracy and liberty .
This looks , after all , like an example of an illiberal but democratic measure .
This prompts Chris to say
“ We have , therefore , a simple conflict of fundamental values , a vindication of Isaiah Berlin : … Some among the great goods can not live together .
That is a conceptual truth .
We are doomed to choose , and every choice may entail an irreparable loss . ”
By contrast , Left Outside tries to harmonise the two ( and hence judge this decision undemocratic ) by saying
“ I do n’t think it must be inherently democratic simply because it was a decision returned by a referendum .
There are some things in a democracy more fundamental than simply voting for representatives or in referenda…equality before the law is essential , as is … freedom of conscience ”
Dave argues for a similar sort of conclusion along different lines :
“ If democracy is merely about the relationship of individuals to authority then [ this ban is democratic ] , but if democracy is about associative relationships and how we collectively relate to authority , then the Swiss have weakened that associative relationship and its collective relationship with the Swiss state …
[ D] emocracy is weakened , because democracy can only really proceed from a correct understanding of , for want of a better phrase , how things work . ”
All of these are valid points , but I ’m not sure they would convince Chrisiah Berlin ( a composite personality insisting that ‘ some among the great goods cannot live together ’ ) .
Is n’t this just a redefining of the word ‘ democracy ’ to include various more substantive notions of freedom ?
If we define ‘ schmemocracy ’ as ‘ the will of the majority being effected ’ , regardless of whether that will is well - informed , or cohesive , or correct , then have we just replaced an apparent conflict between liberty and democracy with one between ‘ democracy ’ and ‘ schmemocracy ’ ?
To my mind , though , there ’s a more basic argument for thinking that this event does n’t show us a conflict between liberty and democracy / schmemocracy .
Namely , that even if we define ‘ democracy ’ as ‘ the will of the majority being effected ’ , this definition is still technically ill - formed .
Because what is meant by ‘ the majority ’ ?
After all , the number of people who voted ‘ yes ’ in this referendum is a few million , which is less than 0.1 % of human beings .
That ’s not a majority .
So there must be some criterion of what counts as the relevant population , the ‘ demos ’ of whom a majority is needed .
One way to define that is to assume that the relevant population is always that of the sovereign nation - state .
That is what , it appears , the great majority of people nowadays do , but it looks distinctly arbitrary to me .
National boundaries are largely about how successful one groups of armed men have been relative to other groups of armed men .
Nationalism then is rather like deciding political issue by a boxing match between leading politicians .
To my mind , the only reasonable way to define the relevant population is by a measure something like ‘ those who are affected ’ .
Now , those who sincerely and passionately want to build minarets are substantially affected by this ban ; those who just do n’t like seeing them , or knowing they ’re there , are affected in a much more superficial way .
One is being prevented from doing something by the state , while the other retains complete freedom either way , and merely has to tolerate seeing some disliked structures as they walk past .
So in this sense , the people who might or might not build minarets are the primary ‘ demos ’ ( in that freedom of religion is primary over the sort of diffuse right to a ‘ nice - looking ’ neighbourhood ) and I imagine a majority of them voted ‘ no ’ .
Indeed we could go further .
If three people want to build a minaret , and are n’t hurting anyone else by doing so , they form the primary ‘ people affected ’ and so the ‘ democratic ’ thing is for them to choose whether they can build a minaret or not .
And a big part of anarchist models of society ( and , I presume but do n’t know for sure , of Marxist non-models after the ‘ withering away ’ of the state ) is the idea of voluntary federation : that individuals and groups of any size should have the constant right to withdraw from larger social organisations if they feel heavily persecuted .
This is not a magic bullet , but it is , I think , the most basic way to organically embody this idea of individual and minority freedom within the structure of democracy .
This is n’t always as simple as I may have made it sound , of course .
Things affect lots of people to different degrees – such as by consuming resources that others could have used .
But we ’ve always known that – we ’ve always known , in particular , that Mill ’s famous ‘ harm principle ’ is only a rule of thumb against the complexities of the real world .
But it ’s still a good rule of thumb , and what ’s interesting is that by paying attention to who counts as the relevant ‘ majority ’ , we can make the harm principle ( that paradigmatic claim of personal liberty ) coincide and connect neatly with valuing democracy .
Also , of course , there can still be tragic conflicts – between one person ’s liberty and another ’s , between one groups ’ democracy and another ’s .
But that ’s not the same as a conflict between liberty and democracy in the abstract .
Which makes a certain sense : both are principles of self - rule , one individual and one collective .
John Terry insists England will head to next summer 's World Cup finals believing they are capable of beating anybody .
England skipper believes Brazil and co are beatable
Credit
John Terry insists England will head to next summer 's World Cup finals believing they are capable of beating anybody .
The Three Lions blazed a trail through their 2010 qualification campaign , claiming nine victories from 10 outings .
Expectations have risen considerably as a result , with many believing global glory in South Africa is now a distinct possibility .
Disappointing showings in friendlies against France , Spain and Holland have done little to dampen that enthusiasm , while Saturday 's 1 - 0 defeat to Brazil in Doha has also passed largely unnoticed .
Fabio Capello was forced to field a shadow side against Dunga 's Samba stars , with injuries seriously damaging his options , while the temperature in Qatar made it difficult for both teams to inject any urgency into the game .
National skipper
Terry was forced to sit out the fixture with an ankle problem , but having watched on from the sidelines he claims he saw nothing from Brazil to suggest they are a class above England 's strongest starting XI .
" I think they 've got individual quality , in one - versus - ones situations , that can frighten any team .
That is why they are ranked the best side in the world at the moment , " said the Chelsea centre - half .
"
We 've done well in recent years and the likes of Joe Cole and Wayne Rooney can change a game just like they can .
" We are giving them a lot of credit for the win over us but the game had a friendly written all over it from the start .
" Even in training on Thursday and Friday the manager was stressing he wanted us to press more and the players were saying at half - time ' we 'd love to but it is difficult ' and the conditions were a little bit tiring .
" The players were saying afterwards it was difficult to keep that intense pressure on and I think in different conditions it might be different .
" But I do n't think Brazil are anything to really worry about .
They are a very good side , I am not saying they are not .
" We have to look at our own strengths and qualities and I think we can mix it with the best sides in the world .
Listen , they 've got their weaknesses , like we have . "
Barclays ' move comes amid rising tension over bonus payments at the part - nationalised Royal Bank of Scotland .
RBS 's board has threatened to resign en masse if the Government vetos plans to pay the lender 's 20,000 investment bankers hundreds of millions of pounds in bonuses .
The Treasury secured a veto as part of the state 's latest rescue of the bank , taking the taxpayer 's potential investment in RBS to £ 53.5 bn and giving the state an 84 pc stake .
So it turns out getting set up to write Clojure code can be a little tricky .
There are a lot of disconnected tidbits about how folks have figured out how to configure things , but it can be a bit tricky to tell the difference between , " hey , this is how I finally got it to work " and " this is how you really should be doing it " .
I figure I know about as much about using Clojure with Emacs as anybody , so here 's a run-through of how I 've done my setup .
There are a lot of moving parts , but bear with me ; most of the installation is automated .
Update :
This is all super old and you should just use Monroe instead .
The Pieces
ELPA
The Emacs Lisp Package Archive functions as a centralized store for Emacs libraries and provides automated installation and upgrades .
clojure - mode
This gets you syntax highlighting , indentation , and other basic goodies for editing .clj files .
SLIME
The Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Emacs was originally written to support interacting with Common Lisp subprocesses from within Emacs , but it 's been extended to work with other lisps .
swank - clojure
An adapter for SLIME that allows it to work with Clojure .
clojure - test - mode
This provides support for running Clojure tests from within Emacs buffers and seeing the results displayed inline .
paredit Paredit auto - balances parentheses and other matched chars to make sure you do n't end up with structurally invalid expressions .
Installation
The easiest way to get started is to grab ELPA .
If you use Emacs Starter Kit you 've already got ELPA .
( If you 're new to Emacs , you might want to use the Starter Kit anyway as a base for your own customizations ; also check out the PeepCode screencast . )
Use M-x package - list - packages to pull up the package list .
Move down to clojure - mode and press i to mark it for installation , then press x to go .
Once it 's installed you should be able to work with .clj files , and you may be happy with just this .
It has rudimentary subprocess support with M-x run-lisp , which is good enough for many , including Rich Hickey , the creator of Clojure .
But most of us find it much more convenient to interact more richly with a running Clojure process as we code .
Pressing M-x clojure - install will kick off the Clojure installation process .
Once you choose a download location , it will download a number of repositories and compile Clojure itself , so it will take a few minutes .
( It requires having git , Java 1.5 + , and ant installed . )
When it 's done , it will configure SLIME and swank - clojure , and it will give you instructions on a few lines to add to your personal config ( usually found in $ HOME/.emacs.d/init.el ) so it will work for future sessions .
Deprecated in favour of similar functionality in swank - clojure .
Usage
Hitting M-x slime will launch a new Clojure session in a * slime - repl * buffer .
You can also interact with the * inferior - lisp * buffer , but the slime - repl buffer provides a higher - level interface with a few extra niceties .
The REPL works as you 'd expect , but you can hit , to activate some shortcuts , the most useful being i to change the current namespace ( with tab - completion ) and restart .
Back in your .clj buffers , C-x C-e has been rebound to execute the form under the point in Clojure instead of Elisp .
This is handy , but you wo n't get accurate line numbers from stack traces involving functions loaded this way .
Pressing C-c C-k will load the entire file and ensure stack traces come through accurately .
As you type out function calls , you should see their argument list show in the minibuffer .
This is called eldoc , and it's a great way to get a quick refresher about what a function expects .
For full documentation lookup you 'll need to get handy with C-c C -d d though .
Finally you can use M-. to jump to the definition of any given function .
Projects
Of course , after a while you 'll be done with just playing at the REPL and want to hack on a real project .
Since the JVM does n't allow you to modify the classpath at runtime , you need to specify up front where it should look for code .
The simplest thing to do is add src/ , test / , lib / , and classes / ( for AOT compilation , if desired ) directories in your project root to the classpath .
Then you place your dependency jars in the lib directory .
If you 've got complicated dependencies , you could use maven to manage them , but if you 've only got a couple it 's not hard to do by hand .
Use Leiningen for dependency management and other build needs .
Invoking M-x swank - clojure - project will prompt you for a project root and start SLIME with the classpath configured appropriately .
Tests
If you 've written automated tests for your project using the clojure .
test library ( which you should ) , you can use clojure - test - mode to run them .
Install it via M-x package - list - packages , and then you can use C-c C- , to run the tests in the current buffer .
Failures and errors get highlighted , so if you want to see details about a failure , move the point to the red region and press C - c C- ' .
Happy Hacking
I hope this is helpful and clears up some confusion .
Now get out there and write some code .
Update :
If you are using Slime with both Clojure and Common Lisp , refer to the instructions at http://felipero.posterous.com/1446961.
๛
Rahway
PERSONAL INJURY LAWYERS
REPRESENTING YOU WITH EXPERIENCE AND DEDICATION
Founded in 1929 , Forman , Cardonsky & Tsinman has a long tradition of service to the people of New Jersey .
We are trial lawyers first and foremost — striving to win every case we handle .
At the same time , we are compassionate counselors who treat every client with the respect he or she deserves .
When you work with the Forman , Cardonsky & Tsinman , you can be assured that we will do everything we can to help you overcome your legal problems .
OUT THERE The Pick - up Oh Baby , You 're So Vicious The Chuck Situation The Great Outdoors Buy Me Some Peanuts and Cracker Jacks Showdown at Sherry 's Bar The Reluctant Distraction The Great Outdoors Again , Only Greater Home Stretch Never Fear , Mir is Here What 's Yours is Mine A Date for Four At Home with the Greens It 's a Workaday World Green - Eyed Lady A Real Date This Is My Body , for Which I Am Most Grateful The Wisdom of the Clayton Up On the Roof When in Doubt About Your Game , Ask a Player I Love it Here , Can We Go Now ?
THE NEXT ROUND Come Fly With Me Movers and Shakers Headin ' Back Three Men and a Bartab You Gotta Know When to Hold ' Em Blues for Green Chili Down My Spine Jacuzzi Lollapaloozi Ice Cream Monday Diner Dissertation The One Bar She Could n't Pass Portstown on the Horizon Babies Got Back Mind if I Unload While We 're Unloading ?
Job Search Three 's a Crowd Meet the Lawyer Go Fish Random Unconnected Bar Strips The Wrong Idea The Past is Calling Don't Make Me a Match Metabollocks The CONtest Resolution Revelation Step into My Office Business Week If it Looks Like a Date ... Inquiring Minds High School Confidential Author , Author Shock Value Five Characters and No Cohesive Theme Secrets One Good Ewww Deserves Another A Portstown Rocker in Queen Sherry 's Court Friends and Lawyers The Corner Pocket Bedside Manner I 'm Going , Who 's Coming ?
DRAFT PICKS Drivin ' We 're Here , They 're There Straight From the Horse 's Mouth Behind Her Back Party Girls This Ain't No Party Land of Opportunity Nightcap Honeys , I'm Home On the Stand It Ain't Over ' til Right About Now Any Ear WIll Do We 're Finished , Assuming We Ever Started Ready Or Not , Here She Comes Lonely Nights
In Need of Counsel Special Offer Aftermath Always the Last to Know Windfall Some Kind of Love Let 's Get the Cards in the Air It Rolls Downhill Loose Ends Forget the Bread , the Wine and Thou Will Do Dancing Around the Issue , Exotically Mystery Dance Only Her Hairdresser Unplugged Nighthawks at the Diner Shelter from the Storm Segue If Only Everthing Was Completely Different Office Politics Barfly 1 Barfly 2 A Tale of Two Bedrooms Generations 2 , Gap 0 Regrets and Regression Wing Girl Details and Lies The Road Beckons APPLYING THE RULES ON AN AS - NEEDED BASIS Life on the Road Hitting the Fan Sherry 's Turn The Party The Henhouse Hard Travelin ' The Visitor A Morning After Talent Pool The James and Sher Comedy Hour Steven 's Shot Hot Water One For the Road Jet Girls And Ari Makes Three Time for Tea and Meet the Wife Fly Fly Fly Cleanup Time Fascination A Maid Needs a Maid SNAPSHOTS Couched in Our Indifference Spare the Rod Guilt by Association You 'll Do The Phone 's Off the Hook , But You 're Not A Most Demanding Muse Can We Talk ?
Fighting For Their Right To Party Keeping It Clean Chit for Chat Staff Infection A Bar at the End Where I Can Meet You and Your Friends Bride Goeth Before A Fall The Home Fires And If You Thought THAT Was An Odd Pairing ... Is n't This The Point Where Somebody Usually Goes On A Trip ?
THE APEX OF SOPHISTICATION Three Babes And A Man Ships of Fools Something In The Way She Moves APPROPRIATE FOR SOME MIXED COMPANY A Roommate With A View Decent Proposal Get Me To The Bar On Time YEAR EIGHT Be Here Now Smilin ' From the Corner of Her Eye Tangled Up In Red
When I want to subscribe myself for a newsletter , website , online application or want to sign in , I need to put in my password .
This is the easiest way to protect websites / applications and it works , but what I really do n’t understand is why passwords appear as dots in the textfield .
To me this is against the basics of user friendlyness because people need to see a clear result of their action , eg. a keystroke .
This way you ca n’t know which dot represents which character ( unless you start to count ) , so there is a possibility that you made a typo in the password .
Of course this can be simply overcome with a second textfield which checks if both passwords are the same , but what happens if you copied the first password and paste it in the second textfield ?
Your subscription is send of for confirmation with the wrong password .
It ’s been encouraged to make your passwords longer ( 8 - 16 characters ) and to use combinations of different characters ( abc – 123 – ?! ) , otherwise the form will not be send away .
These kind of demands make it even more difficult to avoid typos .
Although I understand that you ca n’t put just anything in the textfield and you should think this over carefully , that does n’t mean it ca n’t be done in a user friendly manner .
The more I think about it , the more I wonder why and when these dots appeared for the first time …
I guess it was in the ’90 when only one person had a pc and had to share it with the rest of the village .
Whenever the user switched the power on , the others were watching as well , out of curiosity .
Back then they had to find a way to scramble the password while typing it into the textfield to keep it a secret .
All stupidity aside , this could have been a nice story , no ?
The obvious reason why we still set the password field as dots , is security … we did n’t want people to have a peek in the ’90 and we still do n’t allow it now .
The computers are getting smaller with the year and what started out as a computer for the entire village is now a small electronic device inside your pocket .
The pc has never been more personal than now , making the peeking - over - your - shoulder story less likely .
The solution
The easiest solution would be to change the textfield to ‘ text ’ instead of ‘ password ’ .
As I can imagine that this solution is too much for many developpers I have another suggestion found on the website of dynamicdrive.com .
For this solution you can keep your textfield as dots but you include a small button next to this textfield saying “ switch to text ” .
With the help of javascript you can change the state of your textfield from ‘ password ’ to ‘ text ’ , meaning from dots to normal text .
This way you can check your password before submitting the form and you do n’t need a second password field .
This solutions seems to work just fine but it has its flaws .
First of all it requires an extra click from the user which can be annoying for those who go through forms with the tab key .
Secondly , what if you checked your password by pushing the button and forgot to change it back to password mode ?
For this reason I came up with another idea , no unnecessary clicks and easier to go through the form .
The status of the text field is set to ‘ password ’ , but once you enter it with the tab key or mouse click the status is changed to ‘ text ’ which makes your password readable .
When you leave the text field , the status is changed back to ‘ password ’ , making your password again unreadable .
Unfortunately , after two days of coding I still did n’t get the result I was hoping for .
After searching on the web I ’ve found an example made by viget.com .
I would have liked to put the example in this post but it was conflicting with the current version of jquery .
I ’ve tried the code in different browsers and it works in Internet Explorer ( 6,7 and 8 ) , Firefox , Safari and Google Chrome .
Special thanks to the people of viget.com
UPDATE
I ’ve been looking into free online mail applications and found mailchimp as a nice solution .
Apparently mailchimp is using the second solution for the password - in - dots story .
Have a look at the image below .
Mailchimp prompts the user to fill in their password only once .
With the help of a little checkbox , you can quicly unveil the password to check it for possible typo’s .
Using a microscope the size of a football field , researchers from The University of Western Ontario are studying why some insects can survive freezing , while others cannot .
Why is this important ?
Because the common fruit fly ( Drosophila melanogaster ) is one of the bugs that cannot survive freezing and the little creature just so happens to share much of the same genetic makeup as humans , therefore finding a way to freeze them for research purposes is a top priority for geneticists the world over ( about 75 per cent of known human disease genes have a recognizable match in the genetic code of fruit flies ) .
And why the large microscope ?
" It 's the only one in the world that 's set up for this kind of imaging on insects , " says lead researcher Brent Sinclair of his team 's use of the Advanced Photon Source ( APS ) , located near Chicago , Illinois .
The APS generates high - energy x-rays that allow Sinclair and his collaborators to film the formation and spread of ice in real time as the maggots freeze .
An assistant professor in Western 's Department of Biology , Sinclair explains that the physical processes of ice formation seem to be consistent among species that do and do n't survive freezing .
However , it seems that the insects that survive freezing have some control over the process of ice formation .
They freeze at consistently higher temperatures than those that do n't .
Sinclair says this implies that the main adaptations required to survive freezing are at the cellular or biochemical level , rather than because of fundamental structural differences .
" We 're comparing Chymomyza amoena , an insect native to Ontario that survives freezing , with Drosophila melanogaster , because they 're very close relatives , " says Sinclair .
" The idea is to find the magic bullet which allows some bugs to survive freezing and some do n't .
That 's the goal here . "
The Western - led research was published in the journal PLoS ONE , an peer - reviewed , open - access resource from the Public Library of Science .
CINCINNATI -- Cincinnati Bengals coach Marvin Lewis has put the kibosh on the condiments .
Receiver Chad Ochocinco tweeted this week that he was going to send mustard to the Pittsburgh Steelers before their game Sunday at Heinz Field , a way of whipping up interest in the AFC North showdown .
On Wednesday , the receiver backed down .
No mustard will be headed up the Ohio River .
" Unfortunately , I was n't able to send anything this week , thanks to Marvin Lewis , " Ochocinco said .
" That 's the way to spoil the fun , boss man .
I guess I have to talk trash to motivate myself this week . "
One of Ochocinco 's most publicized stunts was in 2004 , when he sent Pepto - Bismol to some of the Cleveland Browns ' defensive backs before a game , warning them they would need the stomach medicine when they got done trying to cover him .
Lewis did n't like it .
The Browns won 34 - 17 .
The flamboyant receiver had been on good behavior this season while the Bengals ( 6 - 2 ) moved into a first - place tie with the Steelers ( 6 - 2 ) .
He kept the trash talk to a minimum and did n't do anything that could incite an opponent .
Most of his free time was spent communicating with fans through Twitter , his iPhone application and his Ustream shows .
He did nothing out of the ordinary leading up to games -- until last week .
Ochocinco sent deodorant to some of the Baltimore Ravens , who came to Cincinnati and lost 17 - 7 on Sunday .
He planned to make another shipment this week to Heinz Field that played off the condiment theme .
" I got a nice present for the Steelers --- sending them some mustard since they 'll never ketchup when we play Sunday , " he tweeted earlier this week .
The Steelers were looking forward to it .
" He 'd better send us something , " safety Ryan Clark said Wednesday in Pittsburgh .
" He sent something to the Ravens , so that shows he respects them .
So he 'd better send something to us .
" I hope he does because I 've got three kids to feed .
That 's one less trip to the grocery store I need to make , " Clark said .
Instead , Ochocinco had to limit himself to putting up a laminated sign in his locker on Wednesday that proclaimed him " still the most uncoverable receiver in the league . "
Just no condiments .
New York City Construction Law Firm
Greenberg , Trager & Herbst , LLP , is a nationally recognized New York City construction law firm founded in 1919 .
Because of our history and our primary focus on this area of legal practice , we are able to provide our clients with high - quality legal representation and advocacy .
In addition to our concentration on construction law , we also offer legal representation in complementary areas such as bonding , insurance and real estate .
With a deep history and tradition in construction law , our New York City attorneys look forward to assisting with your legal needs .
Contact us to schedule a consultation today .
We Represent Diverse Clientele
Our clients include owner - developers , construction managers , general contractors , subcontractors , architects , designers and engineers .
This varied clientele shares a need for legal thinking that is innovative , responsive and knowledgeable .
Since within the construction spectrum we represent different participants with varying interests , we are able to recognize , appreciate and anticipate the needs and hurdles each may face in dealing with other parties on a project .
Our attorneys stand ready to assist clients with all legal matters related to development and construction , from compliance with Department of Buildings regulations , to surety bonds and construction insurance , to filing and discharging mechanic ’s liens , to drafting and litigating any kind of contract or agreement .
We also work with our clients to resolve disputes using negotiation , litigation and alternative dispute resolution ( ADR ) .
We Offer Insightful Representation
At Greenberg , Trager & Herbst , LLP , our primary focus on construction law allows us to influence and stay abreast of changes in the field .
We pride ourselves on understanding legal issues from the business point of view of the client .
This allows us to develop innovative solutions to legal problems and keep projects moving forward .
Our New York City construction law attorneys work with our clients to understand specific project goals , and using our knowledge of the real - world cost and schedule issues that arise in construction , we undertake to provide legal counsel with the business interests of our clients in mind .
Our unique perspective and knowledge come from our many years of handling legal matters related to construction nationally , and particularly in the New York area .
Contact Our New York City Construction and Real Estate Lawyers
To speak with a lawyer about our legal services , contact us online or call us at 212-688-1900 or toll free at 877-806-8851 .
Location : 3131 SE 50th , 3 blocks north of Powell
Hours : Thurs . - Sun. 4:30 - 9 pm , Sun. close at 8:30
Description :
Over the past few years , Portland has seen a wonderful growth in artisan style pizza .
One does n’t have to go far to pick up a pie that has been carefully prepared with local ingredients and baked to perfection .
Now , enterprising entrepreneurs have taken their pizza craft and open carts .
Wy ’east Pizza arrived this past summer down in SE Portland with the belief “ good pizza can be quick , healthy , affordable , and most importantly , fresh and delicious . ”
And they live up to that .
The night before Thanksgiving was the perfect night for pizza .
Everyone is running about trying to prep for the big meal and not wanting to start dirtying up the kitchen too early .
Normally , I would have wandered down the street in my own neighborhood , but wanted something different , so we ventured to Wy ’east .
Squish and Red , the owners , took my order over the phone and had a hot pizza ready for me when we arrived .
Seeing a squash pizza on the menu was another selling point .
The Sasquash is a brilliant take on a veggie pizza .
Fresh dough , delicata squash , blue cheese and walnuts .
I have really become a big fan of squash in the last few years , but never thought to put it on a pizza .
Mix the sweet squash with the blue cheese and walnuts and you have something truly unique .
Throughout the meal , we kept remarking about how we loved it , but could n’t describe it properly .
We added veggie sausage to our pie also , so that even gave it another layer of complexity .
Needless to say , it was a great pie and opened my eyes up to yet another meal I can make with my stored squash this winter .
The Sasquash was their seasonal pie , so you should get it while you can , they will eventually run out of delicata squash .
Wy ’east Pizza takes their pizza seriously .
They only make so many pizzas a night – based on the amount of dough they prepare .
They make the pizza when you order to ensure freshness , so if a couple of people arrive at the same time , there may be a wait – but it is worth it .
Wy ’east will be closed for winter from Dec. 22 - Feb 8 .
Just enough time for us all to build up a huge craving for their pies .
Go check out Wy ’east down in southeast Portland , enjoy a pie and tell them Food Carts Portland sent ya .
Sample Menu :
All pies are 12 ″ ; veggie sausage available for $ 1 ; any pie can be made “ white ” with olive oil garlic and spice ; vegan available with Follow your Heart cheese
Seasonal Sasquash – delicata squash , blue cheese , walnuts – $ 14
Margherita – fresh mozarella and basil – $ 12
Pepperoni – Otto ’s pepperoni – $ 12
Zig Zag glacier – white pie with kalamata olives , arugula and garlic – $ 14
Three Sisters – kalamata olives , mushroom and onion – $ 13
Cheese – $ 11
Hours : Thurs . - Sun. 4:30 - 9 pm , Sun. close at 8:30
Phone : 503 701 5149
Website : Wy ’east Pizza
Facebook : Wy ’east on Facebook
INSERT_MAP
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
Description : Railed teen gets milky facial for stealing in front of her dad
BIRDS that navigate using the Earth ’s magnetic field rely more on their eyes than on the magnetic particles in their nostrils , an experiment on robins suggests .
Rival theories of bird navigation have suggested both mechanisms .
Now Henrik Mouritsen at the University of Oldenburg , Germany , and his team have show that eyes could be key .
In one group of robins , the team removed cluster N , a brain region involved in processing signals from the “ pair - forming photopigments ” in the eyes thought to relay magnetic compass information .
In another group , the team cut the trigeminal nerve , which sends signals to the brain from the magnetic particles in the …
Relevanz unklar .
Das nicht zu unterschätzende Engagement war rein örtlich , keine der betreffenden Institutionen bekäme hier einen Artikel .
Das Bundesverdienstkreuz ist als Orden zwar ein " Anhaltspunkt für eine mögliche Relevanz " , alleine reicht es aber nicht aus .
Der User " Weissbier " hat heute morgen einmal völlig freigedreht und Löschanträge für alles aus der Kategorie " CCC " gestellt , was er finden konnte .
Von Easterhegg über Haecksen und Bayerische Hackerpost bis zur Wau Holland Stiftung .
Und solche Leute dürfen bei Wikipedia ihren Account behalten ?!
( Danke , Lutz )
U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Litigation Release No. 21280 / November 4 , 2009
SEC CHARGES TWO FORMER DIRECTORS OF J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES WITH FRAUD IN CONNECTION WITH UNLAWFUL PAYMENT SCHEME TO OBTAIN MUNICIPAL BOND AND SWAP BUSINESS
Securities and Exchange Commission v. Charles E. LeCroy , and Douglas W. MacFaddin , Case No. cv-09 U/ B 2238 - S ( N.D. Ala. , filed November 4 , 2009 )
The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged Charles E. LeCroy and Douglas W. MacFaddin , two former directors of J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. with fraud in connection with an unlawful payment scheme which allowed J.P. Morgan Securities to obtain $ 5 billion in Jefferson County , Alabama municipal bond offerings and swap agreement transactions .
The SEC complaint , filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Alabama , alleges that between October 2002 and November 2003 , LeCroy and MacFaddin directed over $ 8 million in payments from J.P. Morgan Securities to close friends of Jefferson County commissioners ( County commissioners ) who either owned or worked at local broker - dealers .
These broker - dealers had no official role and performed few , if any , services on the transactions .
In connection with these payments , according to the SEC ’s complaint , the County commissioners voted to select J.P. Morgan Securities as managing underwriter and swap provider for the largest municipal auction rate securities and swap agreement transactions in J.P. Morgan Securities ’ history .
According to the SEC ’s complaint , although labeled as payments for work on the transactions , LeCroy and MacFaddin knew that these were sham transactions designed to ensure that County officials selected J.P. Morgan Securities .
LeCroy and MacFaddin referred to the payments in taped telephone conversations as “ payoffs , ” “ the price of doing business ” or “ giving away free money . ”
J.P. Morgan Securities incorporated the costs of these unlawful payments by charging Jefferson County higher interest rates on the swap transactions .
The SEC further alleges that LeCroy and MacFaddin failed to disclose any of these payments , and the inherent conflicts of interest raised by the payments , either to the County or investors in bond offerings , or to the County in the swap agreements at issue .
This conduct deprived Jefferson County and its investors of objective and impartial bond underwriting processes and swap agreement negotiations .
The SEC ’s complaint charges LeCroy and MacFaddin with violations of Section 17 ( a ) of the Securities Act of 1933 , Sections 10 ( b ) and 15 B ( c ) ( 1 ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , and Rule 10 b - 5 thereunder , and Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board Rules G - 17 and G - 20 .
The SEC ’s complaint seeks judgments against each defendant providing for permanent injunctions and disgorgement with prejudgment interest .
In April 2008 , the SEC filed a civil action in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Alabama against Birmingham , Alabama Mayor Larry Langford ( the former president of the Jefferson County commission ) ; William B. Blount , chairman of Blount Parrish & Co , Inc. , a broker - dealer based in Montgomery , Alabama ; and registered lobbyist Albert LaPierre .
The SEC 's complaint alleged that while Langford served as president of the County Commission , he accepted more than $ 156,000 in undisclosed cash and benefits over the course of two years from Blount in exchange for Blount Parrish participating in every Jefferson County municipal bond offering and security - based swap agreement transaction during 2003 and 2004 .
Securities and Exchange Commission v. Larry P. Langford , William B. Blount , Blount Parrish & Co. , Inc. , and Albert W. LaPierre , Case No. Case No. cv-08-B-0761 -S ( N.D. Ala. , filed April 30 , 2008 ) .
This case was the SEC ’s first enforcement action involving security - based swap agreements .
On December 1 , 2008 , the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Alabama filed criminal charges against Langford , Blount and LaPierre .
The 101 - count indictment charged Langford , Blount , and LaPierre with , among other charges , conspiracy , bribery , and money laundering in an alleged long - running bribery scheme related to Jefferson County bond transactions and swap agreements .
United States of America v. Larry P. Langford , William B. Blount , and Albert W. LaPierre , ( United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama , Case No. 2:08 - CR-00245-LSC - PWG ) .
On July 30 , 2009 , LaPierre pled guilty to the charges of conspiracy and filing a false tax return , and agreed to forfeit $ 371,932 and pay back taxes .
On August 18 , 2009 , Blount pled guilty to conspiracy and bribery and agreed to forfeit $ 1,000,000 .
On October 28 , 2009 , Langford was found guilty on 60 counts of bribery , mail fraud , wire fraud and tax evasion .
All three currently await sentencing .
For further information see Litigation Release Nos. 20400 ( December 17 , 2007 ) , 20545 ( April 30 , 2008 ) , 20821 ( December 5 , 2008 ) .
SEC Complaint in this matter
http://www.sec.gov/litigation/litreleases/2009/lr21280.htm
Here ’s what Big Red is working with : they ’ve offered up a BOGO sale on all new BlackBerrys for the holiday buying season , and where some see a great deal , others see a great opportunity .
Why not play a game of Flip My BlackBerry ?
Why not open a second line , get a brand new Tour or Storm 2 , pay the cancellation fee on the new line of $ 175 , and sell the device on eBay for $ 300 or more ?
Well it looks like Verizon has finally caught onto our the little game .
A new connect has emerged with a few documents and it looks like starting on November 15th Verizon will be charging up to $ 350 as an early termination fee on “ advanced devices . ”
This new “ improved ” fee does have a minute silver lining ( if you can even say that ) : for every month of service completed , the $ 350 sum will decrease by $ 10 .
No word yet on what an “ advanced device ” constitutes but we can use our imaginations to figure it out .
What do you think ?
Anyone considering abandoning plans to buy the DROID after hearing this news , or are you just going to get yours before November 15th ?
Or will you actually be an honest person and actually honor the contract you sign ?
Thanks , GetOverIt7 !
David Headley Said to Have Helped Terrorists Target Nuclear Plant Authorities say Chicago man cased an Indian facility that produces plutonium .
Dec. 20 , 2009  --
The Chicago man charged with helping plot the terror attacks one year ago in Mumbai also photographed and conducted surveillance of a nuclear weapons fuel plant in Tromboy , India , according to Indian and U.S. law enforcement authorities .
The authorities say David Headley was sent to Tromboy , a northwest suburb of Mumbai , by his handlers in the terror group Lashkar - e - Taiba , an affiliate of al Qaeda .
The Bhabha Atomic Research Center in Tromboy is capable of producing 66 pounds of plutonium a year for four the country 's nuclear weapons , according to David Albright of the Institute for Science and International Security .
" You would have had one helluva international crisis if they had taken control of the facility and caused some kind of accident with a serious release of radioactive material , " said Albright .
" There have always been questions about India 's nuclear security and because it 's located on the water and not far from Mumbai , it would be a logical target , " added Albright .
Headley is accused by federal authorities of conducting the pre-operational surveillance of the Mumbai hotels that were stormed by Lashkar - e - Taiba gunmen last November 26 .
In a criminal complaint unsealed earlier this month , authorities said Headley took boat trips in the Mumbai harbor to find landing sites for the 10 - man commando team that carried out the attacks .
More than 170 people were killed .
The Pakistani - born American citizen travelled to Mumbai five times between 2006 and 2008 , posing as an American Jew with a new video camera , according to U.S. officials .
Headley 's role in the planning of a possible attack on the nuclear facility came to light after the FBI arrested him in connection with the hotel attacks and another planned attack on a Danish newspaper which had published cartoons mocking Allah .
The FBI recently briefed Indian authorities about their investigation of Headley 's activities , including the connection to the nuclear facility .
The impact of such an attack would depend on the quality of the attacking force and their objective , said Lt. Steve Margolis of the Los Angeles Police Department , the former head of the department 's anti-terror unit .
" It depends on what they were trying to achieve .
Were they intending immediate panic , were they intending creating a loss of confidence in India 's nuclear program ?
Were they looking for potential release / exposure ? , " said Margolis .
In addition to the surveillance at the nuclear facility , authorities say Headley also plotted bus routes used by scientists and senior military officials to and from an Indian war college .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Sooner or later , you have to draw a line .
We ’ve spent the last 20 years in the opening scenes of what historians will one day call the Global Warming Era — the preamble to the biggest drama that humans have ever staged , the overture that hints at the themes that will follow for centuries to come .
But none of the notes have resolved , none of the story lines yet come into clear view .
And that ’s largely because until recently we did n’t know quite where we were .
From the moment in 1988 when a nasa scientist named James Hansen told Congress that burning coal and gas and oil was warming the earth , we ’ve struggled to absorb this one truth :
The central fact of our economic lives ( the ubiquitous fossil fuel that developed the developed world ) is wrecking the central fact of our physical lives ( the stable climate and sea level on which civilization rests ) .
For a while , and much longer in the US than elsewhere , we battled over whether this was true .
But warm year succeeded warm year and that fight began to subside .
Instead , the real question became , is this a future peril , the kind of thing you take out a reasonably priced insurance policy to guard against ?
Or is it the oh - my - lord crisis you drop everything else to deal with ?
Will Hitler be happy with the Sudetenland , or is the world going to spend every cent it has , not to mention tens of millions of lives , fighting him off ?
Trouble , or TROUBLE ?
These last 12 months , we ’ve found out .
It was September 2007 that the tide began to turn .
Every summer Arctic sea ice melts , and every fall it refreezes .
The amount of open water has been steadily increasing for three decades , a percent or two every year — it ’s been going at about the pace that the hairline recedes on a middle - aged man .
It was worrisome , and scientists said all the summer ice could be gone by 2070 or so , which is an eyeblink in geologic time but an eternity in politician time .
In late summer of last year , though , the melt turned into a rout — it was like those stories of people whose hair turns gray overnight .
An area the size of Colorado was disappearing every week ; the Northwest Passage was staying wide open all September , for the first time in history .
Before long the Arctic night mercifully descended and the ice began to refreeze , but scientists were using words like “ astounding . ”
They were recalculating — by one NASA scientist ’s estimate the summer Arctic might now be free of ice by 2012 .
Which in politician years is “ beginning of my second term . ”
The key phrase , really , was “ tipping point . ”
As in “ I ’d say we are reaching a tipping point or are past it for the ice .
This is a strong indication that there is an amplifying mechanism here . ”
That ’s Pål Prestrud of the Center for International Climate and Environmental Research - Oslo .
Or this , from Mark Serreze , of the National Snow and Ice Data Center at the University of Colorado : “ When the ice thins to a vulnerable state , the bottom will drop out …
I think there is some evidence that we may have reached that tipping point , and the impacts will not be confined to the Arctic region . ”
“ Tipping point ” is not , in this context , an idle buzzword .
It means that the physical world is taking over the process that humans began .
We poured carbon into the atmosphere , trapping excess heat ; that excess heat began to melt ice .
When that ice was melted , there was less white up north to reflect the sun ’s rays back out to space , and more blue ocean to absorb them .
Events began to feed upon themselves .
And in the course of the last year , we ’ve seen the same thing happening in other systems .
In April , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration released a report showing that 2007 had seen a sudden and dramatic surge in the amount of methane , another heat - trapping gas , in the atmosphere .
Apparently , one reason is that when we burned all that fossil fuel and began raising the temperature , we also started melting the permafrost — melting eight times more of it in some places over two decades than had thawed for the previous 1,000 years .
And as that frozen soil thaws , it releases methane ; enough of it now bubbles out to make “ hot spots ” in lakes and ponds that do n’t freeze during the deepest part of the Siberian winter .
The more methane , the more heat , the more methane .
Wash , rinse , repeat .
The final piece of the puzzle came early this year , and again from James Hansen .
Twenty years after his crucial testimony , he published a paper with several coauthors called “ Target Atmospheric CO 2 ” ( .pdf ) .
It put , finally , a number on the table — indeed it did so in the boldest of terms .
“ If humanity wishes to preserve a planet similar to that on which civilization developed and to which life on Earth is adapted , ” it said , “ paleoclimate evidence and ongoing climate change suggest that CO 2 will need to be reduced from its current 385 ppm to at most 350 ppm . ”
Get that ?
Let me break it down for you .
For most of the period we call human civilization , the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere hovered at about 275 parts per million .
Let ’s call that the Genesis number , or depending on your icons , the Buddha number , the Confucius number , the Shakespeare number .
Then , in the late 18th century , we started burning fossil fuel in appreciable quantities , and that number started to rise .
The first time we actually measured it , in the late 1950s , it was already about 315 .
Now it ’s at 385 , and growing by more than 2 parts per million annually .
And it turns out that that ’s too high .
We never had a number before , so we never knew whether we ’d crossed a red line .
We half guessed and half hoped that the danger zone might be 450 or 550 parts per million — those were still a little ways in the distance .
Therefore we could get away with thinking like the young Augustine : “ Lord , make me chaste , but not yet . ”
Not anymore .
We have been told by science that we ’re already over the line .
And so we ’re now in the land of tipping points .
We know that we ’ve passed some of them — Arctic sea ice is melting , and so is the permafrost that guards those carbon stores .
But the logic of Hansen ’s paper was clear .
Above 350 , we are at constant risk of crossing other , even worse , thresholds , the ones that govern the reliability of monsoons , the availability of water from alpine glaciers , the acidification of the ocean , and , perhaps most spectacularly , the very level of the seas .
It is at least conceivable that instead of a slow , steady rise in the height of the oceans , we could see rapid melt in Greenland and the West Antarctic , where much of the world ’s frozen water resides .
We ca n’t rule out , warns Hansen , a sea level rise of up to 20 feet this century .
Plug that into Google Earth and watch waterfront developments turn into high - priced reefs .
We ca n’t rule out , in other words , the collapse of human society as we ’ve known it .
“ If humanity wishes to preserve a planet similar to that on which civilization developed and to which life on Earth is adapted … ”
We should add the phrase to the oath of office for every politico on the third planet .
So what does this mean ?
If you took 350 to be the most important number on the planet , what would it imply ?
In essence , it means that we ’ve got to transform the world ’s economy far more quickly than we ’d hoped .
Almost everyone knows that this transformation is coming — that by century ’s end we wo n’t be relying on fossil fuel , both because the oil will have run out and because the environmental damage will be intense .
But the question is how quickly .
The kind of change envisioned before last year was still a little leisurely — maybe the developed world cutting its carbon emissions 15 or 20 percent by 2020 .
That ’s far more than the Bush administration or its energy - industry cronies would go for , of course — at ExxonMobil ’s annual meeting last spring , ceo Rex Tillerson said he envisioned a world that still used fossil fuel for two - thirds of its power in 2030 .
A world where change came slowly enough that everyone could make every last penny off their sunk investments in coal mines and oil platforms .
And a world where politicians did n’t need to raise the price of carbon steeply , and hence did n’t need to arouse voters .
But the 350 world looks different .
We ’re not worried we might have a weight problem .
We ’ve been to the doctor and the doctor has said , “ Your cholesterol is too high .
Scaring me .
You ’re in the danger zone .
You need to change your diet and then you need to pray that you get back down where you ’re supposed to be before the stroke that ’s coming at you . ”
When that happens , you clean the cheese out of the refrigerator and go cold turkey .
In energy terms , that would look like this :
[ 1 ] No more new coal plants , because although the world still has immense amounts of coal , it ’s immensely dirty .
And the people who tell you about clean coal are blowing smoke — literally .
[ 2 ] A cap on the amount of carbon the country can produce — which , in essence , is a tax .
America would say , just as it does now with sulfur from coal plants , “ We ’re only going to release so much carbon every year . ” CO 2 would stop being free ; in fact , it would become expensive .
In order to simplify the process , the upstream producer who mines , imports , or sells the fossil fuel would get the tab .
ExxonMobil would have to pay dearly for a permit to release x amount of carbon , a cost it would pass on to consumers .
Then those consumers would use less , and markets would go to work figuring out all the possible ways to cut demand and boost renewables .
[ 3 ] An international agreement , including China and India , to do the same thing around the world .
Now , these are three of the hardest tasks we ’ve even thought about since we took on Hitler .
They go to the very heart of the way our economy operates :
We get most of our electricity from fossil fuels , any increase in the price of energy affects every single part of the economy , and China and India are pulling people out of poverty largely by burning cheap coal .
If you ’re a person who uses a lot of fossil fuel , i.e. an American , then they ’re unappealing .
If you ’re a person who would like to use even a little energy , i.e. almost anyone in the developing world , then they ’re maddening .
And yet they are what the physics and chemistry of the situation dictate .
So the question becomes , how to make them happen ?
The logic imposed by 350 is fairly straightforward .
In order to keep Americans from rebelling , we need to take the money we ’re charging ExxonMobil for those pollution permits and return it to the taxpayers — everyone needs to get a check every month to , in essence , buy us all off .
To help make us whole for the price rises that will inevitably come , the price rises that will do the work of wringing fossil fuel out of the economy .
ExxonMobil would pay , then we ’d pay — but we ’d get some of the money back in the mail .
We ’ve got to make the switch so fast that it ’s going to be brutally expensive — think $ 10 gas — and our democracy will never support it for long without that monthly check .
But we ca n’t give ourselves back all the money .
Because some of it is needed to make the rest of the world whole — to build windmills for the Indians so they wo n’t use the same cheap coal that we used for 200 years in order to get rich .
That is , we ’re going to need a Marshall Plan for carbon — with the same mix of idealism and self - interest that motivated the Marshall Plan in Hitler ’s wake .
We also need serious investment in infrastructure , both technological and human .
For instance , concepts like concentrated solar power — those big mirror arrays in the desert — have gained real momentum in the last 18 months .
Former Clinton administration energy analyst Joseph Romm recently calculated that such arrays could provide America with all of its electricity from a 92 - square - mile grid in the Southwest desert — but only if promoted via loan guarantees for the entrepreneurs who build them and a new generation of transcontinental transmission lines .
Meanwhile , demand is skyrocketing for small rooftop solar panels , but increasingly there ’s a shortage of trained installers , which means our community colleges need money to start training them .
No matter what the price of energy , homes are n’t going to insulate themselves — this is the great opening for a green - jobs revolution .
( See “ The Truth About Green Jobs . ” )
You ’ll note here I ’m talking more about what we should do in the US House ( and Senate ) in the next year or two than which bulbs you should be changing in your house .
diy conservation makes great practical sense , but we wo n’t save the planet that way .
One by one , trying to do the right thing , we add up to …not nearly enough .
You cannot make the math work that way — there are too many sockets and too many tailpipes and most of all too much inertia for voluntary action to do the trick .
It did n’t work when President Bush made voluntary reduction by corporations his global warming “ policy , ” and it wo n’t work fast enough with individuals either .
Which is not to say that life at home does n’t need to change .
It does — and it will , once we ’ve taken the political step of making the price of carbon reflect the damage it does to the environment .
Look at what happened this past year when the price of gas finally rose far enough to get our attention .
We began riding trains and buses in record numbers .
Total miles driven fell , sharply , for the first time since we started keeping records in 1942 .
We groused and moaned and we started to change .
General Motors decided to sell its Hummer factory .
If we get that check every month to cover some of the damage , it will help attenuate the very real heat - or - eat dilemma that will grip many people this coming winter , but the incentive to change will still be there .
Buses and bikes .
Smaller homes that are easier to heat .
Solar panels , bought on the installment plan with loans paid off from the power generated on your roof .
Local food ( and lots more local farmers ) .
Vacations in the neighborhood — no more jetting off for the weekend .
You can see every one of these trends in embryo already , driven by the run-up in energy prices that we ’ve seen so far .
The quick contraction of the airline industry .
The collapse in home values in the distant suburbs , while homes along the commuter rail lines fare better .
Again the question is all about pace — what will make them happen fast enough , across a wide enough swath of the planet .
Al Gore set the example with his call for a 10 - year conversion to noncarbon electricity .
It ’s at the outer edge of doable , and the outer edge is where we need to be .
We ’ll have plug - in hybrid electric vehicles on sale by 2010 .
The question is , can we have nothing else on sale by 2020 ?
We built more than half of the interstate highway system in a decade .
Would rebuilding our rail networks to a European standard be all that much harder ?
Can we get the price of energy up quickly enough to get markets on the task of finding a low - carbon way of life that works ?
And by works , I mean reverses the flow of carbon into the atmosphere .
Because physics and chemistry wo n’t reward good intentions .
Methane is seriously uninterested in compromise .
Permafrost , notoriously , refuses to bargain .
Even the absolute political power represented by King Canute could n’t hold back the rising seas .
Those forces will only pay attention if we can scramble back below 350 .
Forcing that pace requires a new kind of politics .
It requires forging a consensus that this toughest of all changes must happen .
The consensus must be broad , it must come quickly , and it must encompass the whole earth — they do n’t call it global warming for nothing .
The list of things on which we ’ve achieved a broad and deep global consensus is pretty much limited to …Coke Is It .
And that took billions of dollars and several decades , and it involved inducing people to drink sugar water .
The odds against a strong global movement about anything tougher than that are low , with language barriers , religious barriers , cultural barriers .
And we start from such incredibly different places — Americans use 12 times the energy of sub-Saharan Africans .
And yet we do have this one tool that at least offers the possibility , a tool that was n’t fully there even a few years ago .
The Internet — and its attendant technologies , like cell phones and texting — does link up most of the known world at this point .
You can get pretty far back of beyond in most of the world , and someone in that village has a mobile .
And we have a number — 350 .
The most important number on earth .
If the Internet has a cosmic purpose , this could be it — to take that number and spread it everywhere on the planet , so that everyone , even if they knew little else about climate change , understood that it represented a kind of safety , a bulwark against the monsoon turning erratic , the sea rising over their fields , the mosquito spreading up their mountain .
I ’m part of a group of people calling ourselves 350.org .
Our goal is simple — to try to get people everywhere to spread that number .
We ’ve started finding musicians and artists , athletes and video makers , and most of all activists , the kinds of people who are working to save watersheds or babies , or to educate girls or to block dams , or any of the other thousand lovely things that wo n’t happen if we allow the basic physical stability of the planet to come unglued .
We need a lot of noise , and we need it fast , in the scant months — 14 now — before the world meets in Copenhagen next December to draw up a new climate treaty .
Because one clear implication of 350 is that that treaty is our last real chance to get it right .
If we do n’t , then all we ’ll be dealing with is the consequences .
Once the ocean really starts to rise , dike building is pretty much the only project .
It ’s not clear if a vocal world citizenry will be enough to beat inertia and vested interest .
If 350 emerges as the clear bar for success or failure , then the odds of the international community taking effective action increase , though the odds are still long .
Still , these are the lines it is our turn to speak .
To be human in 2008 is to rise in defense of the planet we have known and the civilization it has spawned .
Artist Bio
Masakatsu Sashie ’s fantastic “ orb ” paintings depict large , city - like spheres that float gently above the remains of a failed civilization .
The giant orbs , which seem to be self - contained worlds unto themselves , are pieced together from the scraps of old Showa - period buildings and bits of consumer culture , such as vending machines , pachinko parlors , fast food signs , and video game components .
Part retro and part sci- fi , the orbs appear to hover gracefully between the worlds of a nostalgic past and a dystopian future .
( bio )
From Interview :
As I explained in the other interview , the fundamental theme of my work is a “ world ” that functions by the phenomenon seen in the balanced aquarium .
It is a limited space within which the circle of life exists .
The size of the world to an individual varies depending on his imagination and determination .
How would one view the world if his living space were physically limited , maybe in a container , for example , an aquarium ?
Every life form , within its designated space , occupies a smaller territory .
Within it , egoism and indifference toward the environment are repeated daily .
Yet , it is also full of everyday tranquility and happiness .
These two factors express a world , which is somewhat unstable but retains a comfortable balance .
In my work , the symbolic shape of a world , a container , or a territory is the sphere of the earth , which is made up of drawings of buildings .
The theory has been influential to me in terms of drawing such limited and closed worlds .
( read more )
Masakatsu Sashie ’s Website
Investing in Economic Recovery
The word is that the recession is over .
And with bulls enthusiastically making a run at Dow 10,000 , there are thoughts of economic recovery .
While it is important to consider that volatility is still a part of the equation , and understanding that this economic recovery is supposed to be a rather gradual one , it is nonetheless time to start considering strategy for an economic recovery , as you move out of your recession investing strategy .
( If you are all about the index funds , chances are your strategy is set : Keep doing what you are doing . )
There are different considerations involved when determining where to invest as things to start to pick up .
Here are some things to consider as you begin planning your recovery investment strategy :
Past economic recoveries
Many investors and economists are noting the similarities the current recession has to past recessions .
Looking to see what sectors and types of companies have done well at different points in an economic recovery can be helpful .
Understanding the cycle , and where different companies fit into that cycle are quite useful .
Industrial and materials companies generally pick up early an economic recovery cycle , and energy stocks often follow later .
Of course , the past cannot predict future results , and things may go differently this time , no matter how closely things appear to be adhering to the past so far .
You can use the past to help you find patterns and possibilities , but it is important to be wary of relying wholly on the past .
Revenue growth
Another thing to look at is revenue growth .
Many companies reported a profitable third quarter for 2009 , but that does n’t necessarily mean that revenue is up .
Indeed , in many companies , revenue remained down .
Many profits were the results of lay - offs and other cost - cutting measures .
What you want to look for are companies that are starting to see increases in revenue , and that have stopped being so big on cutting costs .
This is where a focus on financials might help .
The financial sector was hard - hit , and there are many stock bargains out there .
Additionally , as things start to improve , businesses and individuals are expected to start looking for financing , bringing interest revenue to financial companies .
And do n’t forget that some financial sector companies , notably credit card companies , are actively looking for way to raise revenue through such things as interest rate hikes , increased fees and new fees .
Government projects and economic stimulus
The economic stimulus package passed earlier this year sets aside money for specific goals and projects aimed at creating jobs .
Additionally , the government is also focusing on upgrading the road system and pushing alternative energy and improving the power grid .
These focuses are likely to lead to more income for infrastructure companies ( including those that concentrate on Internet and wireless infrastructure ) , as well as some alternative energy companies .
As the economic recovery gathers steam , it is possible that companies connected to government projects and connected to economic stimulus money will see gains on the stock market .
Getting in now could be a way to ensure profits in your investment portfolio .
Consumer spending
This particular economic recovery may not be kind to companies that rely on consumer spending .
Many consumers have been shaken by what is being called the “ Great Recession . ”
There has been a shift toward frugality , and many consumers have curbed the free spending habits that marked the run-up to the financial crisis .
Additionally , even though the government has tried to promote projects that provide jobs , the employment picture remains relatively weak .
With expectations of a “ jobless recovery ” it is unlikely that consumers will even have the funds to spend a great deal .
That means that , even with the holiday shopping season coming up , retailers and the travel industry may lag behind .
You might also consider DRIPs moving forward , which can help you build an income stream while protecting you somewhat from the next crash .
Of course , this is just speculation .
In the end , you have to decide what you think is most likely to happen as the economy recovers .
But looking at the patterns and possibilities can increase the likelihood that you choose a few winning investments that can offer you some solid investment portfolio growth .
BOYS face compulsory feminism programs in state schools across Victoria in a major push to prevent violence against females .
Possible classroom activities include students acting out scenes of sexual coercion after which students would suggest more appropriate behaviour .
A VicHealth report for the state Education Department calls for teachers to be trained in gender , violence and sexual health issues so they would be comfortable discussing " taboo " issues .
< a href = " http://www.coveritlive.com/mobile.php?option=com_mobile&task=viewaltcast&altcast_code=f722a16830 "
> How do we encourage healthy relationships between boys and girls ?
Ask Dr Michael Flood </a>
But it would help if teachers could " make the program fun " , the authors said .
The report says programs for all students should start at primary level and be reinforced across all year levels in subjects including drama , English , science and sport .
They would combat common attitudes among boys such as young women are either " good girls or sluts " , the report said .
It said feminist theories were best at explaining the link between gender power relations and violence against women , and must underpin the programs .
But the authors of the " Respectful Relationships Education " report admitted there was considerable community hostility to feminism , even among teachers and students .
" However , a feminist conceptual framework is essential both to reflect research on violence in relationships and families and to anchor the political commitments of the program , " they said .
Australian Family Association spokesman John Morrissey said boys were already getting feminised education due to the falling number of male teachers in schools .
" I 'm sceptical if boys will respond to it if it is dressed up in feminist language and ideology , " he said .
" Strident feminist propaganda wo n't wash with boys . "
Report author Dr Michael Flood admitted there was always the risk of a backlash , but said it was crucial that students were taught that sexist attitudes and unequal relationships between the sexes were central to explaining violence .
" We need to do that in ways that are careful and respectful and do n't make boys in particular feel blamed and demonised for the problem , " he said .
" Not by shoving capital ' F ' feminism down their throats . "
Education Minister Bronwyn
Pike said four schools would run anti-violence pilot programs from early next year .
Originally published as Boys to get gender lesson
Though conservative websites routinely sell anti-Obama t- shirts , the news that Freshjive , a unabashedly liberal streetwear boutique , will be retailing its own wearable slam on the President has led some observers to throw an XXL fit .
The Freshjive T - shirt — a riff on Shepard Fairey 's famous Obama poster — combines the message " Hope is fading fast " with an image of the President 's face that appears to be melting .
Is liberal youth beginning to bail on the President ?
Freshjive 's rejection of Obama is significant : “ Ouch , ” winces Rachel Sklar at Mediaite .
Expect a " conflicted reaction " from any Democrat who knows that Freshjive founder and " streetwear pioneer " Rick Katz once spoke of designing a " F*** off , Bush " tee .
Now , " he seems to be sending Obama pretty much the same message . "
" ' Hope is fading fast ' : A devastating take on the iconic Obama poster "
Funny you should mention Bush :
This shirt reflects the way Obama has “ maintained continuity ” with his “ disgraced predecessor , ” writes J. Rosencrantz on Freshjive 's own blog .
We did n't vote for a “ multi- tiered , state - always - wins version of justice ” or broken promises to close Guantanamo or a “ massive escalation ” in Afghanistan .
" Continuites 5 "
This is good news for Republicans : " On some issues , " says Donald Douglas at the American Power blog , " Obama is trying to hang onto the political center ( look at his Afghanistan decision to back McChrystal 's troop search ) lest his ' fading hope ' turns out to be a political avalanche of dissatisfaction among moderates . "
If radical stunts like this can push Obama leftward , we 'll see independent moderates shift rightward .
" Freshjive calls out Obama : ' A devastating take on the iconic Obama poster "
......................................................
SEE THE WEEK'S LATEST COVERAGE OF THE OBAMAS :
• Google 's Michelle Obama photo flap
• Gatecrashing the White House
• Obama and the global warming scandal
• Obama : No more Mr. Nice Guy
Only days after a federal panel scaled back on breast cancer screening recommendations for many women , another organization -- the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists -- has done the same for a screening credited with drastically reducing the rates of cervical cancer in the U.S .
Women of all ages should undergo Pap smears less frequently than they do now , those new guidelines say .
And young women are advised not to bother until age 21 .
The pullback follows the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force ’s dismissal of routine breast cancer screenings for women younger than 50 .
That move triggered a storm of protest from medical groups and individual women , with some breast cancer specialists and Republicans accusing health officials of moving toward a rationing of care and services .
On Wednesday , U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius emphasized that the task force guidelines amounted to advice , not policy , and that women should continue to consult with their physicians about mammograms based on their own histories and needs .
But together , the two sets of revisions might give rise to a suspicion that women ’s health has suddenly taken a back seat to economic pressures , cancer specialists acknowledged Thursday .
The annual Pap smear is the only reason some women see a physician , and some doctors fear that , without a sense of urgency to get that test , many women might skip preventive healthcare .
“ I understand some people may have a cynical view of this , ” said Robert A. Smith , the American Cancer Society ’s director of cancer screening .
“ But we want to assure women this is not motivated to save money . ”
Both sets of revisions emphasize the risks associated with annually screening millions of people who will never get breast or cervical cancer .
But the creators of the cervical screening recommendations say the two sets of guidelines are markedly different .
For starters , the cervical screening recommendations reflect a broad consensus among medical groups .
Most organizations agree that Pap testing does not lose its value if women are screened less frequently , said Dr. Edward Partridge , chairman of the cervical cancer screening guidelines panel for the National Comprehensive Cancer Network .
“ Annual screening is too much , ” he said .
“ There is no real controversy there . ”
Further , the updated guidelines are based less on the potential for inaccurate results -- the concern regarding mammograms for women under 50 -- than on evolving knowledge about how cervical cancer develops .
The disease progresses slowly , and many precancerous changes resolve on their own .
In the Pap test , cells are collected from the cervix and examined for abnormalities .
Introduced in the 1940s , the test is considered the most successful cancer screen in medical history , reducing cervical cancer deaths in the U.S. by more than 70 % over the last half - century .
Death rates fell from 14.8 cases per 100,000 women in 1975 to 6.5 per 100,000 in 2006 .
At the same time , the test has given rise to an increased awareness about women ’s sexual and reproductive health .
Thus , some doctors -- and many women -- are likely to be wary of less - frequent screening , said Dr. Sarah Feldman , an associate professor at Harvard Medical School who specializes in gynecological oncology .
“ Ob - gyns may have a problem with it , ” she said .
“ Many feel the reason women come in for an annual exam is for their Pap . ”
Dr. Alan G. Waxman , who helped write the new Pap test guidelines , published today in the journal Obstetrics & Gynecology , responded to such concerns by saying that doctors should counsel women that an annual check - up remains a good idea , even if a mammogram or Pap test is not scheduled .
The most significant change in the recommended guidelines is for young women .
Previously , the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommended they get an initial Pap test three years after becoming sexually active or at age 21 -- whichever came first .
The new recommendation calls for a first screening at age 21 regardless of when women become sexually active .
The second major change reduces screening for women age 21 to 29 who are not at increased risk for developing cervical cancer , from annually to every two years .
Also in the new document : Women age 30 or older who are at low risk should be tested every three years -- instead of every two to three years -- after having three normal Pap tests in a row .
“ It decreases a lot of unnecessary screening among women who are at low risk , ” Feldman said .
“ It means less attention , less cost and less anxiety for the low - risk patient . ”
The college did not alter two key recommendations : Women 65 and older can stop having screening depending on individual risk factors and history of previous abnormal Pap tests .
And women at higher risk for cervical cancer -- those who have had previous positive tests for cancerous or precancerous changes , are HIV - positive , have immune - system disorders or were exposed to the drug diethylstilbestrol ( DES ) in utero -- should continue with frequent screening .
The government - sponsored Preventive Services Task Force and the American Cancer Society will release updated cervical cancer guidelines next year that are expected to closely follow the College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists ’ new policy .
“ The guidelines are more similar than different , ” said the cancer society ’s Smith .
Less screening , he said , “ is the direction we ’re all moving in . ”
The biggest effect of the new recommendations will be to reduce millions of unnecessary tests and follow - up procedures in teenage and young - adult women , Waxman said .
Human papillomavirus , or HPV , which causes cervical cancer and infects half of all young women within a few years of sexual activity ’s start , also causes cell changes called dysplasia .
Those abnormal cells are typically removed before they become cancerous .
But such treatment may not be necessary .
“ When teens get these changes , it behaves differently , ” Waxman said .
“ They are more likely to get better by themselves and less likely to get cancer . ”
For adult women , annual screening was originally based on the concept that the longer women wait between Pap tests , the more likely they are to have a significant abnormality , Waxman said .
But recent research has found that it makes no difference in detecting cellular abnormalities if women return for another test one , two or three years after a normal test .
About 3 million to 4 million abnormal Pap results are found each year , according to the National Cancer Institute , but only about 13,000 cases of cervical cancer are diagnosed .
About 4,000 women die each year of the disease .
shari.r oan@latimes.com
It offends conventional wisdom .
It will also seem nasty to the doom - sayers , who for decades have predicted an oil scarcity that never came .
But the 21st century is very likely to overflow with oil .
There are at least three main reasons for this .
First , oil reserves are finite .
This is incontrovertible .
But even so , no one knows how finite they are .
And since we do n't know the total amount of oil resources existing underground , it 's impossible to calculate the curve of future supply .
The ...
" Kalmanovich had practically no chance of surviving , " a police official was quoted as saying by Russia 's Interfax news agency .
" He died on the spot from numerous gun wounds . "
A figure with a colourful if chequered past , Kalmanovich and his Jewish family immigrated to Israel from Lithuania in 1971 .
Full explanation of the chart and a discussion of what 2010 might have in store is below the fold .
In February this year , global oil production / demand hit an interim low of 84.0 million barrels per day ( mmbpd ) and the average price of West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) that month was $ 39.16 / bbl .
Since then , demand has recovered to 85.9 mmbpd in November and the average price was $ 78.08 / bbl .
A rise in demand of 2.3 % has led to an oil price rise of 99.4 % .
Every year about this time I meet with an old university friend , who is also a geologist , and we make a bet on where the oil price will be in a year 's time .
My " forecast " from a year ago :
My forecast is $ 80 , based more on hope than anything else .
My friend bet $ 55 and so , with Brent on $ 71.50 ( 17 Dec 2009 ) it looks like I will win that pint of beer this year , based more on luck than anything else .
It has always been near impossible to forecast the oil price , but since 2002 we have entered a supply constrained situation where the relationship between supply , demand and price seems to allow a more informed approach to predicting the future .
So what does that chart up top tell us ?
Supply , demand and price
The chart up top is based on this simple model presented by Phil Hart in this rather excellent post .
Figure 2 Phil Hart 's oil price , supply , demand model .
It remains a source of great surprise for me that the monthly average production and price data for the last 8 years still fits this model .
There are a number of wild card variables that one might expect to produce significant deviations , such as variable OPEC spare capacity , changes to global productive capacity , speculation and currency fluctuations .
And yet the data fit this simple model remarkably well .
Figure 3
Oil price and supply .
Oil price data from Economagic .
The chart up top ( Figure 1 ) is a simple cross plot of the data plotted above ( Figure 3 ) .
Figure 1 is a time series of monthly average oil price and production volume figures from the IEA ( kindly provided to me by Rembrandt ) .
The story starts in January 2002 ( bottom left ) and wanders a month at a time up to July 2008 ( top right ) which was the peak .
At first the trend is quite flat since below 82 mmbpd supply is quite elastic , i.e. there was ample new low cost supply to meet rising demand .
But then , above 82 mmbpd price began to rise with rising production / demand and at 84 mmbpd OPEC spare capacity fell to effectively zero late 2004 ( Figure 3 ) .
At that time new capacity had to be built to replace production lost by decline , that is roughly 5 % of 84 mmbpd = 4.2 mmbpd new capacity per annum just to stand still .
The oil industry was working flat out , and with an oil service sector unable to meet demand , rates went through the roof together with the oil price as supply became inelastic .
Eventually in July 2008 the Olympic peak was reached , Lehman Brothers went bust , the credit crunch consumed the world economy and the oil price retraced its upwards path ( pale blue line ) settling on $ 39 / bbl and 84 mmbpd in February 2009 as demand fell 4 mmbpd as recession set in .
Since February , the oil price has made a strong recovery to around $ 80 , retracing about half of the losses of last winter .
All of this activity can be explained by inelastic demand interacting with inelastic supply , albeit that OPEC spare capacity may be switched on and off at the will of OPEC countries , mainly Saudi Arabia .
So how can this help predict what the future might hold ?
In simple terms , should the relationship in Figure 1 continue to hold , then the future oil price will be determined by demand and the problem is reduced to forecasting global oil demand - no simple task .
Note that from the current position of 86 mmbpd , an increase in demand of 2 mmbpd will take the oil price back up towards last summer 's peak whilst a fall in demand of 2 mmbpd will take the oil price back down towards $ 50 / bbl .
The task boils down to understanding the outlook for the global economy .
Outlook for 2010
The only thing I feel I know for sure about the future right now is that it is uncertain .
There is a large degree of sureality here in Aberdeen .
The UK is in the midst of the longest and deepest recession for many decades .
And yet life seems to be continuing pretty much as normal .
The shops are busy and the streets are still lined with Porsches , Mercedes and Audis .
But all is far from well .
The School where my younger boy is just completing his final year has lost several teachers in the last two years with more cuts to come .
My wife works at the University where her salary is now effectively frozen .
News of cuts to public spending and capital projects abound .
The UK has run up mind boggling debt in the blink of an eye and is printing money like there is no tomorrow ( Box 1 ) .
While growth has returned to most major economies , the UK is the sick man of the bunch , suffering badly from being top heavy in phantom GDP provided by a terminally ill financial sector .
Box 1 - Basket Case Britain
UK Government chart .
I 'm uncertain what the left chart shows , apart from the post August 2009 data are off scale .
Right side shows net cumulative debt as % of GDP .
As GDP has fallen by 4.75 % and borrowing has grown out of control to support social programs , the UK debt : GDP ratio has increased exponentially .
Symbols show the default situation , line shows actual situation that includes government lending to banks .
UK Government chart .
Left side shows annual government deficit as % of GDP .
The 2009 / 10 situation will be much worse .
Right side , cumulative debt as % of GDP .
2009 / 10 will show deterioration .
60 % line is EU target limit .
Certain events will take place in 2010 , all of which are likely to have a negative impact upon the prospects for the UK .
There will be a general election in May , and leading up to that the full significance of our perilous finances will be on show for the population and the world to see
Cash for clunkers will end in January , it is hard not to see that this will send the motor industry and all the industries it supports back into a tail spin .
VAT ( sales tax ) reduced from 17.5 to 15 % in a desperate attempt to stimulate the economy will be raised back to 17.5 % shortly .
The banks , who now seem to run the country , are introducing draconian charges for short term consumer borrowing - £ 1 per day for overdrafts up to £ 2500 - that works out at effective interest of 15 % for an annual requirement of £ 2499 .
Poor people , who have not understood the implications of this will be fleeced , with the blessing of our socialist government .
UK government spending must fall .
This will squeeze wages , raise unemployment , and this will filter down to the retail sector and housing market .
The tax take from government spending will fall .
At some point quantitative easing ( QE ) must end , and my understanding is that this will send long term bond yields upwards with consequences for the broader market .
You may gather that I am not optimistic about the prospects for the UK in the year ahead .
The current stock market rally and resumption of growth in OECD economies has been manufactured to large degree by QE , currently running at around £ 200 billion in the UK .
This is relative to GDP of around £ 1.5 trillion .
QE is like a sticking plaster over a gaping hole in a grossly over inflated credit bubble .
The chart below which shows the relationship between earnings ( PE ratios ) and the value of the S&P500 is one of the more sobering charts I have seen .
Unless there are reasons to believe that the US economy will make a robust recovery next year then some form of equilibrium must surely be restored to the market .
Sharply lower stock markets will likely trigger a new round of deep woes for global finance markets .
Stoneleigh eloquently summarised the case for a deflationary bust in this interview / post .
Figure 4 S&P 500 PE ratio history , courtesy of Decisionpoint.com .
The chart was lifted from an email article by Brian Bloom , author of Beyond Neanderthal .
The recent fall in PE curves reflects Q2 2009 GAAP adjusted PE ratio of 148 as reported by Brian Bloom .
I cannot vouch for the veracity of this information , perhaps some posters would care to comment ?
I believe 2010 will be a year of high volatility , and this makes it difficult to predict where we might be at year 's end .
But since I have to stick my neck out , I will predict an oil price of $ 40 / bbl one year from now with global production / demand running at around 82 mmbpd .
This is little better than a wild guess , and there are a multitude of alternative outcomes .
In the near term , the oil price may go higher , but the higher it goes , the more stress will be placed on an ailing global economy and this will hasten the next stage of economic contraction .
This oil accordion ( credit to Nate ) was well illustrated in this comic strip by John Kinhart .
If readers wish to post their own analysis and prediction then I will summarise these predictions at the end of this post and we can revisit this a year from now .
The prize for the nearest prediction , Brent Blend spot price at the close of 17 December 2010 , will be kudos .
Wishing all readers a merry Christmas or whatever festival you chose to celebrate .
And its worth recalling the sound advice of Nate - there is a lot more to life than money .
Make friends and build social capital .
Euan Mearns
December 2009
shox
My guess is that the overall average for 2010 will be $ 95 a barrel .
goghgoner $ 67
porg $ 67.01
Zaphod42
More like $ 120 and $ 60 for a range in USD .
IMO $ 40 is a tad low and $ 80 seems way below probabilities .
steve from Virginia
I think prices will be lower in a year $ 55 - 60
Perk Earl Price will rise to the 85 - 99 range as depletion continues and increasing US debt lowers value of the dollar .
garyp
So say $ 38 if people have n't come to terms with the hard oil limit , or $ 152 if they have and have started to price oil according to a post peak reality .
Noutram I will opt for $ 95 .
Massagran landing us at $ 100 in a year
Mamba $ 50 Deflation and high inventory .
Polytropos I am saying we will hit 200 in 2010
P. Coyle I 'll say $ 75 , as depletion struggles with a bleak economy to produce little net change .
mididoctors run up followed by 2nd price collapse $ 50 avg
Gergyl My prediction : $ US125
paganx For 2010 an average of 80 $
ngass
My forecast is a $ 95 - $ 100 price for crude oil .
The reason is that increasing inflation worries ( and hedging against it ) will drive up the oil price .
myfriend $ 69
WNC Observer I 'd go with something more like $ 60 by year end , with a short panic - shock - driven spike up to triple digit territory mid-year .
Buster cagney On December 17 , 2010 WTI will be above US $ 130 per barrel in nominal terms and the global economy will still be growing ( no double - dip recession ) .
wallstreetexpress $ 115
mule man Donn End of 2010 , I guess $ 80 .
turchin 10 dollars as mininmum price in the year .
Economy will collapse .
" The only way this presence can be sustained in the long term is to make sure that the burden on the Okinawans is decreased in some way , " he said .
" Only by accomplishing these goals will we be able to ensure that the US - Japan alliance will be sustainable . "
Marches against the hideous police repression unleashed in the days commemorating the assassination of A. Grigoropoulos took place in Greece after two days of clashes .
Marches against state terror unleashed in the last few days against the movement took place in Athens and Salonica on Tuesday 8/12 amidst government lies and bragging of its ability to detain more than 800 citizens out of which 13 have been charged during the marches in memory of Alexandros Grigoropoulos .
In Athens the protest march called at Propylea at 19:00 found the university asylum grounds once again blocked by long triple chains of riot cops in utter breach of the 16th article of the constitution .
Faced with intensifying challenge by the gathered protesters police officers in charged claimed this was done under the demands of the rectorial authorities , leading the crowd to chant " cops , Tv and rectors all the scum work together " .
Despite the overwhelming police forces and the tiredness of two days of continuous confrontation , the 2,000 strong march took to the streets of Athens in high spirits towards the Parliament and then to Omonoia chanting anti-police slogans all the way .
There were no clashes during the march .
At the same time the administration headquarters of the Technical Schools of Athens ( TEI ) have been occupied by protesters against police brutality and the breach of the asylum .
Student organisations have called a new protest march against police brutality and breach of the asylum for Friday .
Earlier the same day pupils marches took place in many Athens ' neighborhood against state terror .
In Chaidari pupils clashes with police forces which were piled with oranges and other projectiles ; 3 pupils were detained during the clashes .
Tension also built up during a pupil protest march in Kamatero with pupils throwing projectiles to cops and during a pupil march towards the central prisons of the country in Koridalos with children lighting fires around the penal premises .
Finally pupils of the Grava complex once again marched to the Agias Lavras police station that had come under attack in the previous days .
In Salonica , the protest march took to the streets of the city a 18:00 fueled by the recent breaches of the university asylum by delta - team thugs .
A similar protest march took place in Rethymnon , Crete where the police was supported in its work of intimidation by local fascists .
On the legal front all 22 comrades of Resalto have been released with extortionate monetary guarantees ( amounting to around 40,000 euros in total ) .
The trial will be held in March .
The recent days of unrest have led to a head - on confrontation of left wing parties with the government .
In a hideous gesture of propaganda , the attacker of Ms Koutsoumbou - the elderly woman who was hit by a delta - team motobiker who then proceeded to beat her up causing brain injuries and internal bleeding - visited her at hospital claiming that it was all an accident .
EEK , the Workers ' Revolutionary Party whose member is Ms Koutsoumbou held a press conference today denouncing the visit as hypocritical and stressing that not only the policeman targeted and then hit the veteran anti-junta struggler , but after dismounting and beating her on the head with a glob , he also attacked a doctor who tried to give first aid to the woman .
The police even refused to call an ambulance to her assistance claiming its a trick so that the protesters can burn it .
EEK claims this amounts to an assassination attempt by the policeman .
The government insists it was all an accident , infuriating other parts of the left which have come out openly against the government they were flirting with only a month ago .
The Radical Left Coalition has accused the Minister of Public Order of being a right wing - fascist hybrid .
The typically delirious Mr Chrisochoidis has retorted attacking both the local council of Keratsini for its support of Resalto and the occupiers of the local city hall , and the radical left as covering " nazis " and " vandals " .
The notoriously FBI decorated minister claimed he will abolish use of tear gas and replace it with Operation Motorman type water cannon - barricade breaking street tanks which were abolished by the first Socialist government in 1981 .
HOME
The Marketcetera Automated Trading Platform is an open source algorithmic trading platform distributed under the GPL license 2.0 .
By taking an open source approach , Marketcetera gives you total control over your trading platform at a fraction of the cost of traditional proprietary commercial software offerings or in - house solutions .
You ’ll have a robust , extensible software foundation on which to execute your unique strategies , whether you use the platform as is or you choose to customize it to meet your needs .
Marketcetera gives you complete transparency into the source code , meaning you have total control over what you do with the product .
Use , modify or enhance the source code to meet your business objectives , without paying license fees .
You ’ll get to market more quickly because there ’s no waiting for vendors , and you wo n’t have to begin your development efforts from scratch .
Plus , you ’ll maintain complete control – and confidentiality – of your proprietary trading strategies .
If you choose to participate in Marketcetera ’s open source community , you ’ll have access to a network of developers working on similar challenges .
Whether troubleshooting issues or sharing new ideas , the community forums provide another resource for making the most of your development resources .
And for companies looking for access to Marketcetera ’s commercial modules , data feeds and certified broker connections , or more robust support services , Marketcetera offers supported licenses , ensuring you meet your firm ’s operational demands and compliance mandates .
Built with the needs of trading firms in mind , and delivered via an open source approach , Marketcetera gives you reliable , secure , and agile software , enabling you to focus on your singular trading vision .
A sophisticated hoax has targeted the Canadian government and caused a ruckus at the UN Climate Change Conference ( COP15 ) currently underway in Copenhagen , Denmark .
The elaborate prank is an attempt to embarrass the Canadian delegation to the summit , which has received criticism from the world press for its allegedly obstructionist role in negotiations .
At the centre of the ruse is a spoof news release in which Environment Canada announces the launch of “ Agenda 2020 ” , an ambitious plan for reducing the country ’s carbon emissions .
The release in part states :
Agenda 2020 sets binding emissions reductions targets of 40 % below 1990 levels by 2020 and at least 80 % by 2050 , in line with the recommendations of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and approaching the levels demanded by the African Group ( link ) .
The plan also introduces a new instrument , known as the " Climate Debt Mechanism " ( CDM ) , committing Canada to much - needed funding to those developing countries facing the most dire consequences of climate change .
CDM payments will begin with 1 % and rise to the equivalent of 5 % of Canada 's GDP annually by 2030 .
It was made available at http://www.enviro-canada.ca/agenda2020.
Environment Canada 's actual Web site is located at http://www.ec.gc.ca/.
The news was also distributed on a fake Twitter account for Jim Prentice , Canada 's minister of the environment .
The fake media release announcing a plan to significantly cut carbon emissions was posted on a Web site made to look very similar to that of Environment Canada's .
The release was also circulated via e-mail from the address , press@enviro - Canada.ca .
The department ’s actual e-mail address for media - related correspondence is media@ec.gc.ca .
Following the publication of the initial release , an alleged response to the launch of Agenda 2020 was made by the Ugandan delegation to Copenhagen .
That release states :
The Ugandan delegation to the COP - 15 climate talks has been the first to react to Canada 's announcement of ambitious new emissions - reduction targets and vigorous climate - debt reparations to African nations .
The second release was again distributed via the e-mail address press@enviro - Canada.ca .
It was also made available at a mock COP15 Web site with the URL http://cop-15.org/.
The summit ’s actual English Web site is located at http://en.cop15.dk/.
A video of a woman allegedly speaking for the government of Uganda was posted at a Web site closely resembling the official Web site for COP15 .
Questions remain as to the authenticity of the Ugandan delegation ’s alleged response .
In a blog post , CBC News summed up the level of confusion around the video posted on the fake COP15 Web site , writing , “ Is the Ugandan delegation in on the joke ?
Wait , is that even really the Ugandan delegation ?
Is there a Ugandan delegation at COP15 at all ? ”
Next , a third release was issued , this one denying the legitimacy of the first two .
It in part read :
One hour ago , a spoof press release targeted Canada in order to generate hurtful rumors and mislead the Conference of Parties on Canada 's positions on climate change , and to damage Canada 's standing with the international business community .
The release , from " press@enviro-canada.ca , " alleges Canada 's acceptance of unrealistic emissions - reduction targets , as well as a so - called " Climate Debt Mechanism , " a bilateral agreement between Canada and Africa to furnish that continent with enormous sums in " reparation " for climate damage and to " offset " adaptation .
This third release , sent from media@ec-gc.ca , also turned out to be a fake .
Note that the “ ec ” and “ gc ” in the address ’s domain name are separated by a dash and not a period .
This release states that major media outlets had reported on the original two releases , and linked to a story allegedly published in the European edition of the Wall Street Journal .
A news story on the media releases presenting themselves as being sent out from Environment Canada was posted on a Web site designed to appear as the European edition of the Wall Street Journal .
But the authenticity of this site was also quickly called into question and appears to be a fake .
Its URL is http://online.europe-wsj.com/ while the legitimate European edition of the Wall Street Journal is located at http://europe.wsj.com/.
The third release representing itself as a product of Canada 's environment department also aimed to draw attention to the Alberta tar sands .
It included the following passages :
Canada 's current energy policy represents an elegant synthesis of the most advanced science , while remaining faithful to Canada 's tradition of political pragmatism .
Experts note , for example , that the much - decried oil sands of Alberta , contrary to environmentalists ' dire assertions , are enabling Canada to meet ambitious emissions goals by providing her , as well as her neighbors , with the energy resources needed to transition to a cleaner energy future .
“ Without the dynamism of our oil sands industry , ” says Bruce Carson , a special Adviser to Environment Canada , “ we in Canada would not have the energy - moral , financial and literal - to develop the alternative energy future the whole world craves . ”
A few hours later , a fourth and , so far , final release was sent out from the second fake e-mail address .
This release states :
We at Environment Canada wish to thank the international press community for their measured and understanding response to the hoax that struck our agency earlier this afternoon , while expressing our condolences to the Ugandan delegation who were swept up in the excitement of this false future " vision . "
( Click here for video . )
This sophisticated operation was reported in the Toronto Star , The Globe and Mail , and a number of other outlets as the irresponsible spoof that it was .
Environment Canada wishes to stress that the Ugandan delegation 's impassioned response to the announcement is a dramatic tragedy for those who stand to suffer the most .
At the time of publication , Environment Canada had not posted a response to the affair on its Web site .
However , as reported in the Globe and Mail , Dimitri Soudas , spokesman for Prime Minister Stephen Harper , stated in an e-mail , " More time should be dedicated to playing a constructive role instead of childish pranks . "
It remains unknown who perpetrated the hoax .
You can follow Travis Lupick on Twitter at twitter.com / tlupick .
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
​
​
How much can I earn as a Professional Sharpener after I am trained and equipped ?
​
It depends on how hard a person wants to pursue their dream .
The going rate for salon sharpening is $ 25.00 a scissor .
A slow beginner can do a proper reconditioning of an expensive salon scissor in under fifteen minutes .
This translates to $ 100 an hour without sales .
Add scissors sales to your business call , and you can make some really serious money .
There are several Sungold Group graduates making in excess of $ 100,000.00 dollars a year .
​
Are there any franchise fees or territory restrictions ?
​
No !
This is a complete turn key business .
There are No Franchise Fees , No Recurring Fees and NO Restricted Territories in this program .
You can can work when you want and where you want .
​
I have never worked with hand tools .
How sure can I be of learning this art ?
​
Working one - on - one under the direction of Master Sharpener Jason Pintel , you will get lots of hand - on experience with each system and develop skill and confidence in its proper use .
The student is not allowed to go on to more advanced work until he or she achieves a level of confidence at each training step .
​
Customers come from all over .
The best repeat customers come from the salon industry .
In the Professional Sharpener Course a number of hours is spent teaching the sales methods used to get salon clients to use your services .
​
I have never worked with hand tools .
How sure can I be of learning this art ?
​
Working one - on - one under the direction of Master Sharpener Jason Pintel , you will get lots of hand - on experience with each system and develop skill and confidence in its proper use .
The student is not allowed to go on to more advanced work until he or she achieves a level of confidence at each training step .
​
In addition , the products included in the Professional Sharpener Course are professional grade equipment with built - in alignment controls and guides .
The unique nature of each machines ' guidance system means that the student does not have to " free hand " the sharpening process .
In fact , Mr Pintel has taught people with spinal cord injuries whose hands shook badly but were still successful as professional sharpeners .
​
I live in a very small town , is there enough work for me as a Professional Sharpener ?
​
YES !
You will learn to master a large variety of sharpening skills and can literally go to any house on a block and sharpen everything in the household .
The concentration is on the salon industry which has the highest demand for sharpening services , but you can also sharpen in a restaurant or a household or a fabric store - anywhere professional cutting tools are used .
Everybody needs the service of a good sharpener .
​
Is professional sharpening something a woman can do ?
​
Absolutely !
Sungold Group has trained many successful professional women sharpeners .
​
Professional sharpening is an art of skill and finesse - not brute force and is ideally suited to woman .
In fact , there are many places that need a sharpener but would prefer women only entering their domain to perform work .
​
The days of grunt and groan and the need to carry around a heavy sharpening machine is over .
With new advances in electronic motor technology , we are now able to bring to professional sharpeners fabulous new machines that weighs in at 10 pounds with no sacrifice of sharpening accuracy or quality .
These new machines allow women who may be of small stature to sharpen anywhere they choose , beauty salons , nail shops , grooming shops , etc ... - you name it !
​
Can I travel anyplace I want and sharpen or do I have to stay in one place ?
​
Sharpening is not limited to any area .
The machines are portable , quiet , clean and compact , They can be carried on an airplane or in the transported in the trunk of a car .
Mr. Pintel has traveled and sharpened with his machines all over the United States .
In fact some graduates take their equipment on vacation and sharpen along the way earning extra money as they travel for pleasure .
​
Do I really get everything I need in the Professional Sharpeners Course to start a business , or will I need to buy additional equipment ?
The Professional Sharpener Course is a complete a “ Turn - Key ” Business Training and Development package which includes FIVE sharpening systems and all the necessary supplies to start and run a professional sharpening business .
​
Is the equipment big and noisy - do I need to set up a dedicated workshop ?
​
Professional sharpening is an art of skill and finesse !
The equipment used is quiet , clean and compact and does not require a special work area , other than what is convenient for the sharpener .
For example some sharpeners like to carry their equipment into the work area .
Others prefer to equip a van or car , or work out of their home or apartment .
What ever works best for you .
​
To learn more about the Sungold system and what is included in the extensive equipment and training package , click here .
As White House officials mobilized to tout new data as evidence of economic growth , Vice President Joe Biden suggested Sunday the country had hit rock botton .
Although the vice president noted stimulus dollars had created or saved hundreds of thousands of jobs this year , Biden stressed it was still a " depression for millions of people " who are struggling to find any work at all .
" Oh , I 'm confident we 've hit bottom , " Biden said in a pre-recorded interview aired on CNN's " State of the Union . "
" The question -- look , we 're not going to be satisfied ... until we -- I 'm able to sit in front of you and say , look , this month we grew jobs .
The net effect is growing jobs . "
" It does n't say a lot to people to say , you know , there would have been a million more , or a 1.6 million more jobs lost , but for this , " he added .
" My grandpop used to have an expression ...
He said , when a guy in Dixon City , a suburb , is out of work , it 's an economic slowdown ; when your brother - in - law is out of work , it 's a recession ; when you 're out of work , it 's a depression . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Intentionally or not , Biden 's comments this weekend illustrate a serious , intense debate in Washington over the effect of federal rescue dollars .
On one hand , the Obama administration insists this year 's 3.5 percent GDP growth , announced last week , would have been impossible unless the government stepped in to prevent a bigger economic meltdown .
However , the White House 's critics , mostly Republicans , have routinely charged the stimulus is not doing enough , especially in the realm of job creation .
House Republican Leader John Boehner ( Ohio ) echoed that argument on Sunday .
Appearing after Biden 's taped interview , he told host John King that he was not sure whether the country has hit rock bottom , and he stressed the stimulus was without a model for determining how many jobs had been saved or created .
" All I know are the facts .
The president said that when he signed the bill that unemployment would not exceed 8 percent .
Now we have unemployment nearly 10 percent , " he said .
" Three million Americans have lost their jobs since the stimulus was signed into law .
And yes , the economy grew last month , " he added .
" But Americans all around the country continue to ask the question , where are the jobs ? "
UN special rapporteur Raquel Rolnik says the burden falls most heavily on the very poor , leaving the extent of the housing crisis invisible to many in the US .
Photograph : Mario Tama / Getty Images
A United Nations special investigator who was blocked from visiting the US by the Bush administration has accused the American government of pouring billions of dollars into rescuing banks and big business while treating as " invisible " a deepening homeless crisis .
Raquel Rolnik , the UN special rapporteur for the right to adequate housing , who has just completed a seven - city tour of America , said it was shameful that a country as wealthy as the US was not spending more money on lifting its citizens out of homelessness and substandard , overcrowded housing .
" The housing crisis is invisible for many in the US , " she said .
" I learned through this visit that real affordable housing and poverty is something that has n't been dealt with as an issue .
Even if we talk about the financial crisis and government stepping in in order to promote economic recovery , there is no such help for the homeless . "
She added : " I think those who are suffering the most in this whole situation are the very poor , the low - income population .
The burden is disproportionately on them and it's of course disproportionately on African - Americans , on Latinos and immigrant communities , and on Native Americans . "
Rolnik toured Chicago , New York , Washington , Los Angeles and Wilkes - Barre , a Pennsylvania town where this year the first four sheriff sales – public auctions of seized property – in the county included 598 foreclosed properties .
She also visited a Native American reservation .
The US government does not tally the numbers but interested organisations say that more than 3 million people were homeless at some point over the past year .
The fastest growing segment of the homeless population is families with children , often single parents .
On any given night in Los Angeles , about 17,000 parents and children are homeless .
Most will be found a place in a shelter but many single men and women are forced to sleep on the streets .
Los Angeles , which is described as the homeless capital of America , has endured an 18 - fold increase in housing foreclosures .
Evictions from owned and rented homes have risen about tenfold , with 62,400 people forced out last year in Los Angeles county .
Welfare payments are not enough to meet the rent , let alone food and other necessities .
A single person on welfare living in Los Angeles receives $ 221 ( £ 133 ) a month – an amount that has n't changed in a decade .
The rent for one room is typically nearly double that .
Rolnik said that while she saw difficult conditions in all the places she visited , the worst was on the Native American reservation of Pine Ridge in South Dakota .
" You see total hopelessness , despair , very bad conditions .
Nothing I have seen in other cities compared to the physical condition of the housing at Pine Ridge .
Nothing compared to the overcrowding .
They 're not visible , they 're isolated , they 're far away .
They 're just lost , " she said .
Rolnik says that one of the greatest matters of shame is that the US has the resources to provide decent housing for everyone .
" In the US , it 's feasible to provide adequate housing for all .
You have a lot of money , a lot of dollars available .
You have a lot of expertise .
This is a perfect setting to really embrace housing as a human right , " she said .
Rolnik has given a verbal report to the US state department , which has a month to respond to her observations .
She will submit a final written report to the UN human rights council early next year .
Complete video at : fora.tv praised primatologist and United Nations " Messenger of Peace " Jane Goodall gives her views on the problem of global overpopulation .
----- Rev. Alan Jones leads a conversation about issues like the environment of modern society with Jane Goodall at Grace Cathedral in San Francisco , CA .
Dame Jane Goodall , DBE , is an English UN Messenger of Peace , primatologist , ethologist and anthropologist .
She is best known for her study of chimpanzee social and family life ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6JLvIxdbjQ&hl=en
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said the Obama administration would extend the $ 700 billion financial - sector bailout but limit new spending to such areas as housing and small business .
Mr. Geithner , in letters to U.S. lawmakers , said the financial sector has stabilized , but the government needs to have funds available through next October .
" It is imperative that we maintain this capacity to respond if financial conditions worsen and threaten our economy , " he said .
Extension of the Troubled Asset Relief Program from its scheduled Dec. 31 expiration comes as some Democrats look to tap some of the more than $ 200 billion remaining for other initiatives , such as those aimed at job creation .
On Tuesday , President Barack Obama said the White House would use an additional $ 50 billion in TARP funds to help small businesses get credit .
Republicans criticized the extension , saying the program should n't turn into a piggybank for other initiatives .
" The Obama administration just can't seem to let go of the $ 700 billion in ' walking - around money ' taxpayers were forced to put on the line to bail out Wall Street last year , " said Rep. Jeb Hensarling ( R. , Texas ) .
Administration officials said the U.S. economy remained too fragile to abandon TARP and that its expiration would spook financial markets .
The U.S. government had no other tools to deal with the potential collapse of large financial firms , they said .
The administration is seeking additional powers in its proposed financial regulatory overhaul .
Dozens of children – sent from Afghanistan by their parents in the hope of finding a better life in Britain – are sleeping rough on the streets of Calais following the demolition of the town 's last remaining asylum camp , an investigation by The Independent has found .
In a two - day visit to the Pas - de - Calais region , at least 30 children between the ages of 10 and 16 were identified sleeping under canal bridges and in the forests surrounding the town .
The boys are reliant on the people - traffickers who plan to stow them away on to trucks into Britain .
Most of the children were sent abroad by parents who paid tens of thousands of dollars to trafficking cartels who falsely assured them that their children would be safe in Europe .
Aid agencies say the French authorities are aware of their presence but no attempt has been made to take them into care .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Under Article 20 of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child , which France ratified in 1990 , countries are obliged to provide " special protection and assistance " to any children who have been deprived of their family .
Instead , charity workers and migrants say riot police have resorted to increasingly brutal tactics to ensure that the refugees do not build any new permanent settlements in a bid to discourage new arrivals .
Officers now regularly move them on at night , often confiscating the blankets that are given to them by charity workers .
Pierre de Bousquet , the man in charge of police operations in Calais , and Natacha Bouchart , the town 's mayor , refused to comment on the allegations .
Riot police bulldozed the encampment known as the Jungle last month , arresting more than 250 migrants , half of whom were minors .
They have also dismantled a number of derelict houses in the centre of town that were being used by African migrants .
France shrugged off accusations that the camp 's closure would prove to be a humanitarian disaster by arguing that the Jungle had become a magnet for traffickers .
But critics say the camp 's closure has simply forced a vulnerable group of people back on to the streets .
Hundreds of refugees are now as a consequence living in conditions that are even worse than when the Jungle existed .
Most sleep under a series of bridges on the eastern edge of Calais , or in the forests close to where the Jungle once stood .
Two taps that the migrants used for fresh water near the Jungle have also been removed , forcing many to drink from sluice channels despite signs stating that the water is not clean .
Charity workers from La Belle Etoile and Association Salaam , which feed the migrants , say the number of refugees turning up for the two daily soup kitchens has decreased to approximately 250 per day , down from a high of 850 earlier in the summer .
But many have simply moved to a number of smaller camps further up the coast that are run by trafficking gangs and provide them with even less security .
Nadine Bouteille , from La Belle Etoile , said : " We are particularly worried about the arrival of winter , especially for the young and wounded .
Clearing the Jungle has only made the situation worse .
Traffickers never bothered staying in the Jungle .
If [ the authorities ] were serious about cracking down on traffickers they would start looking in ordinary houses or in Calais hotels , not spending their nights chasing innocent refugees . "
One camp located on the outskirts of Dunkerque , 45 km to the east of Calais and hidden in a small forest , is occupied by 35 Afghan refugees .
Two of the camp 's residents were just 14 years old .
Unlike in Calais , these migrants said they were largely left in peace by the authorities .
Another camp down the road , near a town called Loon - Plage , contained 30 migrants .
Both were being run by Kurdish people - traffickers who , quick to cash in on the refugees ' increased determination to cross the Channel , have put their prices up from about € 1,000 ( £ 895 ) to € 2,500 .
Dan Hodges , from Refugee Action , called on the French government to help the hundreds of migrants living rough in northern France .
" Whilst it was possible to sweep away the camp , it has not been possible to sweep away the problem , " he said .
" Rather than bringing these asylum - seekers into the French immigration system , the authorities are instead pushing people further into the arms of smugglers .
It is an international disgrace that France is treating asylum - seekers , including hundreds of children , like refugees from the Dark Ages . "
William Spindler , a spokesman for UNHCR – the UN refugee agency – in Paris said : " There has been a noticeable shift in police tactics over the past few weeks .
The refugees are now living in even worse conditions than they were and this is very concerning , especially for the children . "
The head of AT&T's wireless unit said Wednesday that the carrier is working to improve its network for iPhone and other smart - phone subscribers in New York and San Francisco .
Manhattan and San Francisco , particularly the city 's financial district , " are performing at levels below our standards , " Ralph de la Vega , chief executive of AT&T Mobility , said at an investors conference .
Those ...
AT&T Wireless CEO Ralph De La Vega says iPhone data hogs are going to be held responsible for jamming up the network .
He says AT&T will try to cut back on heavy data use from iPhone users , providing some sort of incentive for the bandwidth hogs to " reduce or modify their usage . "
Translation :
You 'll probably have to pay more for service .
De La Vega was speaking at the UBS Media Conference in Manhattan .
He told the investors and analysts in attendence that AT&T was trying to improve its service in Manhattan and San Francisco , where it 's especially lousy .
WASHINGTON
– Israel may strike Iran should the United States fail to take prompt action to curb Tehran 's nuclear program , Rep. Dan Burton said Wednesday .
Speaking at a session of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , Rep. Burton warned that Iran continues to enrich uranium , adding that Israel will not allow the process to continue .
The slower America acts , the more it risks the prospect of seeing a military clash in the Middle East , he said .
Similar sentiments were recently expressed by French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner , who stressed the urgency of reaching an agreement with Iran over its nuclear program in order to lift the risk of a pre-emptive Israeli strike .
" They ( the Israelis ) will not tolerate an Iranian bomb , " the French FM said In an interview with the British Daily Telegraph , published Monday .
Also at the session , Rep. Brad Sherman said that the US will freeze anti-Iranian decisions only after Tehran suspends its nuclear plan .
Meanwhile , Committee Chairman Howard Berman said that while he is not happy to enforce solely American sanctions and endorses President Obama 's dialogue efforts , the diplomatic effort will have to show results soon .
Berman added that should dialogue fail , the next option he would favor is tough sanctions imposed by the UN Security Council .
The third option will be sanctions imposed outsides the framework of the Security Council , in case Russia or China will express objection in the UN .
The least favorable option in his view is sanctions imposed by America only .
When H. G. Wells predicted a future world inhabited by two strata of humans – cave - dwelling cannibals and an above - ground smorgasbord population – he intended it as unsubtle political critique .
The Morlocks in his 1895 novel The Time Machine were the former working class , finally reduced to animals .
The simpering Eloi were one - time elites , turn into a movable feast through their own laziness .
As it turns out , Wells need n't have bothered with allegory .
Maybe it works better as pop science .
Some experts believe that in time , the upper and lower classes may part evolutionary ways , developing new physical characteristics , social taboos and eventually become two different species altogether .
The hairy roots of hominids begin about seven million years ago .
From what we know – and we almost surely do n't know it all – there have been nine species changes between that point and the current evolutionary pinnacle , homo sapiens .
That 's pretty slow change .
But Harry Harpending , an evolutionary biologist , has convincingly argued that the pressures of civilization have spurred our development .
He and colleague John Hawkes suggest that human evolution over the last 10,000 years is happening more than 100 times faster than at any other time in those millions of years that went before .
Harpending , who teaches at the University of Utah , grew up in the rural U.S. northeast .
" Appalachian poachers , " is how he describes his people .
" I grew up in a small town .
I knew everyone .
I do n't know if my kid has ever interacted with anyone with an IQ below 100 , or someone poor .
He 's never even met anyone from the other side , " says Harpending .
" I think there 's increasing genetic as well as cultural polarization in this society , especially between the right and left halves of the bell curve . "
Harpending believes evolutionary forces have been pushing Haves away from Have Nots for a dozen generations .
Smart or wealthy people once married within their local sphere , and could n't always be choosy .
Public education and ease of travel have changed that .
Smart or wealthy people now marry ( and procreate ) with intellectual and status equals they meet at university , or in professional jobs .
That 's a hundred years or so – a blip in genetic terms .
But forces for change are in play and set to get a boost .
Mate choices are the fuel .
Bio-tech and genetic engineering are the accelerant .
The average global life span doubled in the last century .
Some researchers and futurists believe that could be extended to 120 or 130 years or longer in relatively short order .
ONCE SCIENCE BEGINS outpacing nature , we have no idea where we might collectively end up .
Wherever that is , the first test subjects will be those who can afford elective , expensive efforts at prolonging life .
" We 're the first species to have economic forces that will drive biological forces , " says University of Washington paleontologist Peter Ward , referring to access to high - end medicine and gene manipulation .
" In just a few generations , you have this extremely wealthy elite who , I guarantee , will never breed with commoners .
That 's where you get genetic drift . "
Harpending believes that the outward signs of this change could conceivably become apparent in as little as five centuries .
" You could have different breeds of humans , like dog breeds , " he said .
" What if , say , small chins became the fashion ?
Or being thin as a rail .
We have that one now .
That sort of thing could get amplified if they turned into status markers . "
" Everybody wants to be handsome , beautiful , tall , athletic and smart , " Ward summarizes .
He believes that changes will be induced by medicine , and then become permanent .
" People will enhance themselves not just for this lifetime , but for all time , " he says .
" We 're talking about a race of supermen . . . .
It 's the rest of us that are the Morlocks . "
Ward has suggested that " geographic and social segregation " are required for a full genetic shift .
Those previous nine species changes in hominid history began when one group separated itself from the herd , setting the stage for a slow change based on fitness in altered conditions .
Ward , a man not given to small ideas , has proposed that space colonization could speed things along by factors .
" I think there 's more and more genetic isolation .
Could it lead to ( species ) branching ?
Of course it could , " said Harpending .
" But it 's going to take 500,000 years . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
In The Time Machine , the unnamed title character encounters the Morlocks and Eloi 800,000 years into the future .
Wells correctly predicted World War II , wifi and the telephone answering machine .
Could be this is another thing he got right .
But if you 're worrying about a future where your great - great - grandkids live underground while your idiot cousin 's descendents rule as eight - foot - tall super beings , Ward has soothing words .
He 's working on a study of prehistoric water levels during periods of high atmospheric carbon .
He 's not hopeful .
" Maybe , just maybe , we ( the human race ) are off the hook on climate change , " Ward says breezily .
" But , y'know , in all likelihood , we 're totally screwed anyway . "
Randolph Nesse : Many of the cases of depression I see in the clinic there 's nothing useful about it and when my patients tell me , ' Oh , but doctor , is n't using drugs to treat my depression just covering over a useful response ? '
I say , ' No , your depression is not a useful response , we should stop it however we can , it 's about as useful as chronic pain , it 's about as useful as diarrhoea that causes you to become dehydrated and die — it 's useless .
On the other hand there are other patients for whom a different kind of conversation is more helpful and we must try to treat people as individuals , using our knowledge about what these emotions are for .
And just think for a moment , most mental disorders are emotional disorders .
Are psychiatrists carefully trained in the origins , functions and regulations of emotion as a proper physiological and functional foundation for understanding emotional disorders ?
No , they are n't , and it 's not their fault either because basic science has not been there .
I do think from my clinical work , seeing thousands of patients with depression and anxiety that once I started taking a rigorous evolutionary view of this , and asking myself , is this person in a situation where they are pursuing a goal they can't reach and they can't give up — all of a sudden about half of my patients made sense to me .
Natasha Mitchell : All in the Mind on Radio National .
Welcome , Natasha Mitchell with you .
Now imagine a doctor 's kitbag .
Yes , there 's a stethoscope .
I can see a thermometer .
A prescription pad .
A bandage or two but hang on , what 's this , a big book , it 's certainly well thumbed , it 's got that yellowed old book smell about it , I love that smell .
There are notes scribbled down the edges of the pages in small , neat print .
It 's a copy of Charles Darwin 's classic On the Origin of Species .
It 's 150 years since its publication this year which , of course , also marks the bicentenary of Darwin 's birth , but what 's it doing in a doctor 's practical bag of tricks ?
Well , this could be the bag of physician Randolpe Nesse .
He 's a professor of psychiatry and of psychology at the University of Michigan , and co-author of Why we Get Sick : The New Science of Darwinian Medicine , published in 1996 .
He believes GPs ignore Darwin 's theories to the peril of their doctoring and , with
acclaimed biologist George Williams , has developed the field of Darwinian medicine .
And he joins me today — continuing Radio National 's coverage of the Darwin Year .
Well , thanks for joining us on ABC Radio National this week .
Randolph Nesse : Lovely to be here .
Natasha Mitchell : Well , Randolph Nesse , you think modern medicine needs evolution .
Do you think there 's been a reluctance on behalf of doctors who are pragmatists at heart to adopt evolutionary theories in the thinking of their practice ?
Randolph Nesse :
You know your statement that doctors are pragmatists at heart is spot on .
And I think it 's a good thing , actually , we do n't want doctors who just think theoretically about things , we want doctors doing whatever they think is going to be best for their patients .
And I , too , as a practising physician , when I 'm with my patient I want to see what can I do to help this individual now .
None the less many doctors are also curious about why disease exists at all .
We need not only an explanation about how it works , we also need an explanation about why the body is that way , that is , why did natural selection leave the appendix there given that so many people die of appendicitis ?
Why do we have wisdom teeth ?
Why are the coronary arteries so narrow ?
And why is the birth canal so narrow ?
And these questions , by many doctors , are dismissed as cocktail party conversation but they 're not at all .
Trying to understand why natural selection has left us vulnerable to disease turns out to be practically important .
Natasha Mitchell :
Well what is the basis of Darwinian medicine , as it's being called , some people call it evolutionary medicine .
I mean you really have been a trailblazer for 20 years in promulgating these theories .
Randolph Nesse : I 've had the great privilege to work with George Williams , one of the leading evolutionary biologists of the 20th century , to try to find ways of applying evolution to medicine .
When we began our work together , we first spent six months or so trying to figure out the evolutionary explanation for heart disease , for cancer , for arthritis .
And only after thinking that together for months did we realise that we were asking the wrong question .
Natural selection does n't shape diseases , what natural selection shapes are vulnerabilities that make it so that we are likely to get a disease .
That is , why are the wrist bones thinner so that they break when you fall forward ; why did n't natural selection make them thicker ?
These kinds of questions we realised had not been asked systematically , they had n't been taken seriously .
It 's not just asking these questions about why the body is vulnerable , it 's applying evolutionary thinking to genetics , it 's applying evolutionary thinking to infectious disease , it 's using phylogenetic methods to trace our own human origins and the origins of pathogens like E coli and HIV and that kind of thing .
It 's really bringing evolutionary biology to bear on problems of human health and public health .
Natasha Mitchell : I guess one of the accounts that people often have for why we see the persistence of diseases in human populations is partly that we 're ageing , we are staying alive a lot longer than we ever did so our bodies are in a sense not sustaining ourselves .
Randolph Nesse :
And of course that 's quite right .
In ancestral times not that many people lived that long .
Although there 's a big misconception at the heart of that : people say well the average lifespan is 35 — they had the idea that people aged quickly and everyone died by age 40 .
That 's not correct at all .
If you lived until age 50 or 60 as a hunter / gatherer you were liable to keep on living , it 's just that other things , infection , accidents , and warfare and the like tended to kill people off quite a lot faster .
But the question is , and the one that got me into this field , is why is there ageing at all ?
And I also realised if natural selection could help explain why ageing exists it might help explain all kinds of other things that seemed mysterious that are relevant to medicine .
Natasha Mitchell :
You know the 19th century philosopher Herbert Spencer coined the phrase survival of the fittest and I guess it 's been used and abused as a proxy for Darwinian thinking ever since .
And I wonder if that 's led us , including doctors , to equate the idea of natural selection with natural perfection .
That somehow evolution surely crafts us to be the best that we can .
Randolph Nesse : Yes , Spencer 's phrase , survival of the fittest , it 's terribly unfortunate that that 's become associated with Darwinism , because it 's incorrect on several counts .
The first important thing is that it's not survival that matters and of course what did he mean by fittest , exactly ?
The most competitive somehow or another .
But that 's not really the crucial thing for natural selection , the crucial thing is surviving and having offspring .
Now Spencer did give the idea , as many people have , that natural selection somehow has a goal and a direction and it creates things that are the best of all possible worlds .
Some people have even misunderstood evolutionary approaches to medicine as suggesting that the body is perfect .
But that 's absolutely opposite as a real case : it 's pretty obvious how you could use natural selection to find out why things do work but you can also use natural selection to figure out why things do n't work very well .
Something like the appendix , for example , offers a very interesting example .
Why on earth is this little tube of gut sticking off the ends of your intestines persist , given that so many people die of appendicitis ?
It could be that it 's just a left over and it 's gradually going away , but it kills a lot of people .
Here 's an idea , that there 's a variation in the appendix , some people have a longer one and a skinnier one .
Who 's more likely to get appendicitis — the person with the larger , longer skinnier appendix or the person whose appendix is just fat and thick ?
Well it turns out what appendicitis is a swelling coming around the edge of the appendix and swelling it so it makes it like a balloon that blows up when bacteria grow in there , and if you have a small appendix you 're more likely to get appendicitis and die and it's conceivable that natural selection is actually maintaining the appendix because people with a smaller , narrower appendix are more likely to die .
And therefore people with a larger one persist more than others .
A very good example in natural selection not doing anything that 's sensible at all but creating something and keeping something in the system that harms lots of us .
Natasha Mitchell :
There are all sorts of interesting examples in medicine , lots of biological anomalies , it seems , but when you dig deep into possible evolutionary explanations you can come up with some interesting answers .
Any others of the physical kind ?
Randolph Nesse :
There are hundreds of them and in fact it 's important to note that Darwin was inspired in his studies in Cambridge by studying natural theology .
There was a book by William Paley about understanding the details of the body as evidence for God 's hand .
And in his book he cited all kinds of observations in things that were really bizarre .
For instance the path of the recurrent laryngeal nerve : it comes out of the back of your brain and goes all the way down around an artery in your chest and then it comes back up next to your windpipe , behind your thyroid gland and finally reaches your vocal cords — this is bizarre .
Or likewise the path of the vas deferens , which goes from your testicles and eventually out the penis — why not go direct , it 's not that far — but in fact it goes all the way back through the pelvis , it 's a very long tube , a silly design in both cases , things that take really senseless paths .
Paley looked at things like that and he concluded that these must be evidence that the Creator wanted to put into the body things for scientists to observe , to notice , to be even more admiring of the amazing fact that anything worked at all .
Another really obvious one that everyone realises is the eye .
We think of the eye as being perfect . of course .
but think for a moment about the blind spot in the eye .
What is it ?
The blind spot in the eye is where nerves and vessels come through the back of the eyeball making a place where you can't see .
and then they spread out on the inside of the eyeball , getting between the light and the retina .
Anyone who developed a digital camera with the wires going between the light and the film would be fired immediately .
but we have an eye that is that bad .
There are compensations that natural selection has created .
For instance our eyes have a little tiny jiggle built in .
If they did n't have that jiggle built in , the cells would not be able to continually respond to light , and shadows from the vessels would keep us from having a complete field of vision .
So we have a jiggle built in and a chunk of brain that 's designed to take the jiggle out so that it makes it look as if the world is one continuous scene in front of us .
The eye on the one had is incredibly perfect ; on the other hand it 's really a botched design — if you want to even call it a design .
We really should n't be calling these things a design at all .
Natasha Mitchell :
Well that 's the thing ; I mean how would you as an evolutionary biologist or a doctor think differently about the botched job of the eye from a creationist ?
Randolph Nesse : I 'm not sure what a creationist would say about the eye not being perfect at all .
From an evolutionist 's point of view there are all kinds of things that happen pretty much by accident , and the layer of cells that was initially was light sensitive in our ancestors way , way back , was different from those that became light sensitive in the octopus .
And the octopus it turns out has an eye that is properly designed , so there 's no blind spot , there can't be any retinal detachment , it 's a complete field of vision — and how come they have a proper eye and we do n't ?
Just bad luck , or good luck for them , depending on your perspective .
Natasha Mitchell : Randolph Nesse , you 're interested in and have spent many years applying evolutionary thinking to illnesses of the mind , to mood , and I wonder how Darwin viewed emotions ?
Randolph Nesse :
You know he wrote this very famous book Evolution and the Emotions what was his exact title ?
Natasha Mitchell : Expressions of Emotions in Man and Animals .
Randolph Nesse :
That 's right , which has been a great inspiration to many of us .
His purpose in writing that book was to challenge the opinions of a fellow named Bell .
Bell wanted to demonstrate that the many additional muscles in the human face demonstrated that we were n't related to other animals at all , that we were a separate creation .
And again , this was part of a divine plan for us communicating .
Darwin wanted to prove that in fact we were very closely related to lots of other organisms : compared dogs and humans and monkeys and all the rest , and he showed not only did their faces move in similar ways but in response to somewhat similar circumstances .
But his emphasis there was very much , we 're the same as these other animals because we derived from common ancestors and therefore the brain and the muscles in the face , and the facial expressions all stayed somewhat the same .
What he did n't emphasise was what good did it do to have facial expressions ?
What many people nowadays are asking is so why do we have emotions at all ?
And I think the best way to think about that is that the emotions are really specialised modes of responding very much like your computer programs .
If you want to make your computer work very well you load one program and it takes over all kinds of things , the keyboard , the screen , it makes them all work to do one task well because that 's the task you 're trying to do now .
Well likewise the brain gets in to different modes of operation to cope with different kinds of circumstances .
If indeed you 're standing at your local watering hole , trying to get a drink and you hear a small grrr from behind a rock , that 's not the time to be thinking loving thoughts about your partner , that 's the time for you to very suddenly have a high heart rate , feel fearful , do n't think about anything except where can I escape , where is there a tree .
Now this panic response or flight response is useful in that circumstance .
And here is a newer view of emotions , we should n't be looking just for basic emotions in different chunks as if they are different cogs in a machine .
We should be thinking of them as different patterns of responding that are useful in different circumstances .
That is , each different emotion corresponds to some kind of situation that we 've recurrently experienced — we . as a whole of species .
over the last half million years or so .
So some circumstances are dangerous and those circumstances the emotion of anxiety is very useful .
There are subtypes of anxiety , depending on whether the danger is from a wild animal , from another person , or from someone who is going to get mad at us in a social kind of situation .
There 's a number of different types of social types of anxiety and that 's what I spend much of my professional life doing , is treating people who have too much anxiety .
Then there are other emotions .
such as being with a loved one in a quiet .
safe place .
and in that case warm , overwhelming , loving feelings can be much more useful and in that circumstance a person who is flooded with anxiety is in very bad shape .
The point is emotions are n't useful or unuseful in themselves , it depends everything on the situation .
Natasha Mitchell : My guest on All in the Mind is a founder of the field of Darwinian medicine , Professor Randolph Nesse .
You 're interested in the evolutionary function of negative emotions which are so often construed as being pathological or abnormal , too much negative emotion is a bad thing .
Why do you think persistent , low states of mood , sadness , even depression might be adaptive , might have somehow been useful to us in terms of natural selection ?
Randolph Nesse : Let 's be clear , I do n't think that persistent severe states of low mood are useful at all .
I think they are pathology and I think we should do everything possible to treat them .
But now you 're going to want to know , so how do we tell when these states of low mood are pathology and when we 're normal ?
And I have a sad answer there , we do n't have the scientific foundation for making that decision .
You know it 's hard to see the benefits of negative emotions because they generally come up in bad times .
Are there circumstances we can imagine where the best thing to do is nothing ?
Are there situations in life where the best thing is to be pessimistic , not optimistic ?
And I am thinking for instance my ancestors in Norway in the middle of a January winter , what about the ones who got very optimistic and decided to just go tramping off through the snow and the sub - zero cold because they thought they might find something .
Now the smart thing to do in the midst of winter in northern Europe is to stay down , not eat too much , not be too enthusiastic about anything until there 's a better time for being enthusiastic .
There 's an important principle here , though , that applies to defences in general , all the body 's responses that go off to protect us against different kinds of bad circumstances .
Pain is one , fever is another , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , cough , fatigue and anxiety and low mood .
Again coming back to pain — do you really want to have a body that never experiences pain ?
It seems like a good life , does n't it , but there are people who are born without the capacity for pain and they quickly develop deformities , most of them die early in life and it's really not a good life at all to lack pain entirely .
Likewise , what about people who lack anxiety at all ; but do you really want to be without anxiety ?
I think there are people with these mental disorders , hypophobia Isaac Marks and I call them , I do n't think they do well in life at all .
They are on unemployment lines , they are in jail , they are in divorce court , they do n't do well in life .
On the other hand no one studies them because they do n't come in and complain .
Then there 's really abnormal pain , where the regulation mechanism 's off and people experience pain even though there 's no tissue damage whatsoever .
A terrible , terrible medical problem .
I think in the mood system it 's exactly parallel , in chronic depression the normal useful low mood system , the deregulation is awry and we need to figure out why it is that certain people are especially prone in having that system be so poorly regulated .
A bit principle here is what I call the smoke detector principle .
This explains why so many of these phenomena occur too much , too often and too long .
So when do you want your smoke detector to go off ?
You could have a smoke detector that did not go off when you made toast .
However that smoke detector also sometimes would not go off when there was a real fire .
Because the cost of a false alarm in a smoke detector is very small , and the cost of a smoke detector not going off when there is a real fire could be fatal , we design smoke detectors so that they go off at the least hint of a fire , any little whiff of smoke .
Well we should think about how natural selection has shaped the body 's anxiety regulation mechanism , or the cough regulation mechanism , it 's exactly the same principle .
How expensive is it to have a cough , how expensive is one episode of vomiting , how expensive is it to have a bit of anxiety ?
Not very .
How expensive is it not to have a cough , if you might be developing pneumonia ?
It could be fatal .
To not vomit when there might be a toxin in you ?
It might be fatal .
How expensive is it not to have a panic attack if that grrr-ing noise behind a rock might be a lion or a tiger ?
It could be fatal .
So as a result of this smoke detector principle , many of these negative emotions and negative feelings go off in circumstances where they are not actually needed and this is profoundly important for the general practice of medicine .
Obviously you always try to figure out what 's causing the problem the person is bringing to you , but a higher proportion of the problems are not diseases themselves , they are symptoms of diseases .
That is it 's pain , it 's nausea , vomiting , a cough , fever , runny nose and a lot of what you do in general medicine is try to relieve suffering by stopping those responses .
Natasha Mitchell :
I mean if we think of low mood as an adaptation then , useful to us through evolutionary time , why are we then seeing so much low mood , so extreme situations of depression ?
Is it a sense that this low mood adaptation has become a maladaptation in our current environment , in our current social circumstances ?
Randolph Nesse : Right , it 's clearly being disregulated for some reason .
I wish we had better data from the hunter / gatherer populations of how frequent rates of depression are .
We can not be confident that depression is much more common now although it seems likely .
We do have good data , however , comparing it with the rates of depression in different countries and it varies eightfold depending where you are .
At the very high , at the peak , is the United States of America where our rates are fully twice as high as most countries in Europe .
However , if we go to Singapore or Taiwan rates of half again less than in Germany and the like .
It could be something terribly physical , like the amount of exercise , and the amount of Omega 3 fatty acids people get .
It could have something to do with people 's sleep patterns , it could have to do with ...
Natasha Mitchell : Social cohesion .
Randolph Nesse : Indeed .
Natasha Mitchell : Or failed expectations .
Randolph Nesse : Failed expectations gets very close to my best bet .
which is what I would like to investigate more .
If indeed pursuing unreachable goals and being unable to give them when you 're not making any progress towards those goals is crucial towards causing low mood , and if it escalates to depression when you can't give up that goal .
Under some cultures in which many more people are engaged in pursuing some big life goal that they can't give up — oh my goodness , I see so many people in my practice back in the United States who are in exactly that circumstance .
They 've decided they wanted to be a rock star and nothing else will do in life and they 've been doing it for 15 years now .
I also see graduate students who have spent 4 or 5 years trying to get their graduate degree and they realise that they really do n't like the field they are in and even if they did get their degree they would never get a proper job because there are no jobs in their particular area .
Depression in that circumstance is expected , or at least intense low mood .
Let me make the connection between low mood and depression for a moment .
When people are pursuing an unreachable goal , ordinary low mood makes you pull back and try to think about how else I can reach this goal and if different attempts to reach the goal do n't work eventually it disengages motivation .
So you pretty much give up on the goal and go on to something else .
But there are many circumstances in life , especially for modern people , where you really can't give up the goal because there 's no other exit , there 's nothing else you can actually do .
And in those circumstances ordinary low mood escalates into depression .
I used to think from my earlier practice in medicine that I was always ready to encourage people to pursue what they were doing .
If someone said I want to become a rock musician , I would say you can do it , you can do it , we can find a way .
As I observe what 's happened I see more often people once they can finally find an alternative way of living and give up things that are n't working , that 's what really leads to remission of depression , is finding a way of life that is more satisfying and goals that we can pursue that are workable .
Natasha Mitchell :
What do other psychiatrists make of your thinking around evolution and the purpose , the evolutionary purpose of low mood , of anxiety ?
Randolph Nesse : Even 15 years ago they wondered what I was talking about , now when I give lectures to psychiatry departments they say oh yes , this makes great sense and in fact we need to be talking with our patients about the motivational structure of their lives and what they are trying to do .
This is exactly what 's going on , it 's not just stress damaging the organism it 's an adaptive response to what 's going on in their lives and it helps also that I 'm very aware that much depression really is a brain disease as well .
We should n't just make generalisations about it all being caused within the individual and his or her chemical imbalance nor should we make a generalisation about it all coming from culture or from individual 's problems in their living , it 's different for different people .
Natasha Mitchell :
You talk about gathering evidence over the years , what 's been the most compelling evidence for you ?
Randolph Nesse :
For me personally , it 's seeing thousands of patients .
Natasha Mitchell :
That 's not enough though is it , I mean that 's one kind of data ?
Randolph Nesse :
That 's right , although because these things are so personal , questionnaire data is not likely to get what we want to do .
However , here 's a quick summary of other kinds of things , Chuck Carver in particular is a psychologist whose done laboratory research showing that it is the rate of pursuit , the rate of approach towards a goal that influences mood more than what you get .
Jutta Heckhausen is a psychologist from Germany who 's now in California who has done studies of women as they move through life and a particularly a lovely study of women who wanted to have children but were unable to and were approaching menopause , and she watched as they became more and more depressed and then when they gave up the idea of wanting to have children their depression evaporated very , very quickly .
There 's another scientist Kirsten Roche another Canadian psychologist who has very good data showing that people who have a greater tendency to persist in pursuing an unreachable goal compared with those who give up a little bit more easily .
The people who persist more are more prone to depression than other people .
Natasha Mitchell : Saying all that though , is it then necessarily the case though that if people push through difficulties to reach a goal that was seemingly unattainable maybe that 's worth it , maybe the peaks and troughs of mood that accompany that ambition is worth it ?
Randolph Nesse :
That 's right , and I do not think that low mood is mainly to get you to give up ; I think low mood is mainly to get you to pull back and think about a different way to get around the current obstacles .
Or to just wait a time until there 's a better time , I think it 's a very subtle , sophisticated system that natural selection has shaped to regulate our mood so that we can put our efforts into enterprises that are likely on the average in the long run to pay off .
Natasha Mitchell : I mean in a sense you 're saying that a period of low mood might allow us to be more cognisant of our situation , to reassess our situation , but low mood does n't always trigger clear thinking .
Randolph Nesse : Actually it does trigger more accurate analytical thinking than positive states of mood .
This is one of the most solid findings from social psychology of mood .
It 's quite different frames of mind : positive mood is more global and emotional ; low mood people are more analytical and more careful and rational in their planning about the future .
There 's another lovely book by a woman named Emmy Gut , a Swedish psychoanalyst , called Productive and Unproductive Depression , where she goes into these ideas in substantial depth .
And I think in the coming decade we 're going to see lots more people taking these ideas and finding new and better ways to test them .
Natasha Mitchell : Randolph Nesse , it 's been more than a decade since your book with George Williams came out called Evolution and Healing about Darwinian medicine , it was really written for a wider audience — and yet we 're not really seeing evolutionary ideas being taken up in our GPs ' surgeries — why not ?
Randolph Nesse : I think actually the field is growing very rapidly now , but you 're quite right , they are not growing within the field of medicine itself , and I 've asked many medical school deans and physicians why this is .
We want doctors to really understand the body , we want doctors to have basic science to make their decisions : genetics , pathology , anatomy ... evolutionary biology is another basic science for medicine , it 's one that has been neglected , and once doctors get the hang of it , once doctors recognise that this gives them a fundamentally deeper understanding of why the body is the way it is , they 'll love it .
Natasha Mitchell :
They might love it , but will it really change practice ?
Randolph Nesse :
Yes it will , I mean sometimes a doctor phones me up and says , ' I 'm a Darwinian doctor , I treat all my patients with Darwinian principles . '
And I reply , ' What on earth are you doing ?
Darwinian medicine does n't tell you how to treat patients , it tells you what kind of questions to ask , what kind of research to do .
So I 'm very much against the idea that this is a method of practice , it 's not at all , but it does tell you new kinds of studies to do on simple , simple things .
For instance , if you have a runny nose , is it good to use some kind of inhaler to block your runny nose ?
It depends , does n't it , on whether the runny nose is more for the virus , which is trying to spread itself or whether it 's more for you trying to empty out that virus from your nose , or whether it 's both .
How could you do this study ?
You could give some people a little salt water to inhale and some people something to inhale that would block their runny nose and see which ones get better faster .
And as far as I know that simple , simple study has never been done , because people are n't really thinking in evolutionary terms .
Natasha Mitchell : Well Randolph Nesse , it 's an intriguing field and a very interesting manifestation of Darwinian thinking 200 years after his birth .
Thank you for joining us on the program .
Randolph Nesse :
Thanks so much I 've enjoyed talking with you .
Natasha Mitchell : Randolph Nesse , professor of psychiatry and of psychology at the University of Michigan , and his book is called Why we Get Sick : The New Science of Darwinian Medicine .
Evolutionary theories really get some people 's goat I know , I get the emails , so I invite you to let it rip , share your critiques and thoughts on the All in the Mind blog it 's easy to post to and you 'll find that along with the audio and transcripts via abc.net.au/rn/allinthemind .
And we 're on Twitter too .
Thanks this week to producer Anita Barraud , studio engineer Angie Grant , I'm Natasha Mitchell .
Next week a critic 's take on the neuroscience of adolescence .
This is the purest business idea of all time – give me a dollar and I ’ll give you 90 cents ( or something less ) back .
Ridiculous , right ?
Yet , it happens in so many different forms that it ’s somewhat surprising .
Why would anyone in their right mind give someone a dollar just to get less money back ?
And , I ’m not talking about you giving someone a dollar so that they give someone else 90 cents back .
That ’s money movement .
I ’m talking about a direct trade – you give someone money just for the privilege of getting less money back .
It happens a lot and we ’ve all participated in it .
Here are some ways this model exists in business – and I ’ll rank order them by the models that give you the most money back to the ones that give you the least .
I ’m going to spend a little extra time on the last business which I think is the most onerous of them all .
Here we go :
1. ATMs .
The most obvious model – you give the bank a dollar , and they give you 98%-100 % of it back every time you withdraw it from the ATM .
Their service : accessibility and interest .
2. Travelers Checks .
We all know that companies like American Express have made a great business in taking your money , and giving you 96%- 99 % of the value back in the form of a less liquid travelers check .
What ’s the embedded service ?
Insurance .
3. Check Cashing .
Companies like Western Union will take your check and give you cash worth about 95 % - 99 % of the value .
Their value : liquidity , especially to the unbanked .
4. Currency Exchange .
Companies like Travelex have made a great living taking your money , and giving you 90 % - 98 % of the value back in the form of another currency .
The implied service : local purchasing power .
5. Coinstar .
These guys own the kiosks you see at the grocery store where you put in a bag of coins and they give you 90 % of the value back in the form of cash .
It ’s an amazing business to say the least .
What ’s their underlying service ?
Money portability .
And last but certainly not least :
6. Gold Buyers .
These companies allow you to trade in your gold jewelry , and they give you cash for the gold .
Not a fair example you say ?
I think it ’s very fair – gold is a currency and so are the dollars you ’re getting in return .
Their true service : liquidity .
Here ’s why I think the gold buying services are truly the worst economic deal of them all .
There are two compounding issues .
First , these companies are not giving you anywhere close to value of your gold , dollar for dollar .
While the above businesses give you 90 % + of the value of your dollar , some people who have used these gold buying services have calculated that they have received 17 % - 18 % of the value of their gold .
That ’s an 80 % + tax right there .
( UPDATE : This CNN report that came out today says gold buyers pay between 18% - 60 % of face . )
But , let ’s not stop with that .
There ’s a second compounding issue that can be material .
Gold is an appreciating asset .
The US Dollar is a declining asset .
Here ’s the historical price of gold :
Here ’s the strength of the US Dollar over the same time period :
[ UPDATE : Just a note – past performance is not indicative of future returns .
Either currency could go up or down from here .
It ’s unlikely that any currency fluctuation up or down would make up for the initial 80 % tax though . ]
Here are the real economics : let ’s just say you sold your gold jewelry in 2003 where the actual gold value is $ 100 .
Let ’s say you got $ 18 for that $ 100 of gold .
And then let ’s just say you held that cash until now .
The purchasing power of that $ 18 has declined to ~ $ 14 since 2003 .
Meanwhile , if you just held the $ 100 of gold in the form of the jewelry , it would now be worth over $ 350 .
I ’m not exactly sure how to properly index two bifurcating currencies , but in a nominal sense , you traded something worth $ 350 for $ 14 .
You got paid 4 cents for your dollar .
Instead of saying “ We Pay Top Dollar ” – these companies should say we pay you cents on the dollar .
[ UPDATE :
This is what happens when you whip together a blog post late at night .
Since the gold is priced in dollars , the depreciation of the dollar is embedded in the gold price .
So , I did n’t need the second chart so I double counted the impact of the dollar depreciation . ]
Now to be fair – most gold sellers probably do n’t hold their cash so the separation from gold ’s appreciation and the dollar ’s depreciation may not actually have time to play out .
The seller gets the value of instant liquidity and they probably use it .
In addition , the gold buyers do need to have infrastructure to appraise , melt , and monetize gold if they do it themselves .
Nonetheless , the tax these companies charge to give you your money back is pretty onerous no matter how you cut it .
But , it just goes to show , there ’s always ways to get people to give you money in exchange for less money back .
Even if you do n't have a favored fighter in the browser wars , you have to admit Microsoft 's Internet Explorer has been looking mighty unfit over the last few years .
Younger and fitter contenders like Mozilla 's Firefox and Google 's Chrome have arguably overtaken the old stalwart , and now Microsoft is making some much - needed noise about fighting back .
The software giant has been giving developers and curious journalists a very early peek into its IE 9 progress at PDC , with its stated ambitions including faster Javascript ( see table above ) , HTML5 support , and hardware acceleration for web content .
By harnessing DirectX and your graphics processor , the new browser will offer improvements in text readability and video performance , as well as taking some of the load off the CPU .
Development has only just got under way , mind you , so there 's still plenty of time to screw it all up .
Or make it awesome .
This Is the Hydrant that Tiger Woods Hit
What a lovely looking fire hydrant -- that is , until Tiger Woods ran it over early this morning .
This is a photo taken two years ago .
Based on news footage of the scene , this is the exact fire hydrant Tiger smacked into before finally hitting a tree .
Tiger survived the accident -- the hydrant did not .
Agency or Individual Misleading ‘ statistic ’ Correction Corrected ?
The Conversation Fact Check " FactCheck : is domestic violence the leading preventable cause of death and illness for women aged 18 to 44 ? "
This article contains errors .
You can find a response here .
The Conversation corrected one error when notified , however one error remains .
The Sydney Morning Herald Daily Life " Fact or fiction : Every third victim of intimate partner violence is a male "
This article contains a range of false and misleading information .
You can find a rebuttal here .
The article remains uncorrected .
The Tertangala " The One In Three Campaign is Bollocks , and Here is Why " This article contains a range of false and misleading information .
You can find a rebuttal here .
Tertangala was gracious enough to publish our rebuttal however the original article stands uncorrected .
The Sydney Morning Herald Daily Life " The ' One in Three ' claim about male domestic violence victims is a myth "
This article contains a range of false and misleading information .
You can find a rebuttal here .
Daily Life made a small correction to their original article after a complaint to the Australian Press Council , but most of it stands uncorrected .
The Sydney Morning Herald Daily Life " One - in - three myth unanimously busted on ' Hitting Home ' finale of Q&A " This article contains a range of false and misleading information .
You can find a rebuttal here .
The article remains uncorrected .
VicHealth CEO Jerril Rechter “ Violence against women is ... the number one contributor to death and disability in Victorian women aged 15 to 44 ” Intimate partner violence ( not violence against women ) is the leading contributor to death , disability and illness in Victorian women aged 15 to 44 , according to a single , largely discredited study .
32
The omission of the word illness here is critical .
Deaths from intimate partner violence ( femicide and suicide ) made up 2.3 % and 12.9 % of the disease burden respectively ; physical injuries just 0.7 % ; substance abuse ( tobacco , alcohol and drug use ) 10.2 % ; sexually transmitted infections and cervical cancer 2.2 % ; and poor mental health ( depression , anxiety and eating disorders ) 71.8 % 34 VicHealth advised , “ As the media release relates to a past event , no correction will be made to the document on the website .
However we will ensure more consistent wording is used in the future ” ( in other words they are happy for their website to continue to mislead the public ) .
“ ABS statistics also show that women are more likely than men to be assaulted in their homes ( 41.6 per cent , compared to 21.7 per cent of men ) , rather than in a place of entertainment or the street . ”
This is misleading , as it appears to suggest that women are twice as likely as men to experience assault in their home .
The ABS does n't provide prevalence rates of assault by location .
All they provide is an indicator of location , provided by the characteristics of the most recent incident of assault only .
The latest ABS Crime Victimisation Survey ( 2009 - 10 ) 37 found that , in the most recent incident of physical assault : 40.4 per cent of victims of physical assault in the victim's home were male , and 59.6 per cent were female
65.5 per cent of victims of physical assault in another person 's home were male , and 34.5 per cent were female
overall , 47.5 per cent of victims of physical assault in a home were male , and 52.5 per cent were female
78.0 per cent of victims of physical assault at a place of entertainment / recreation were male , and 22.0 per cent were female
63.5 per cent of victims of physical assault
In the street or other open land were male , and 36.5 per cent were female .
This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
" Almost 73.1 per cent of women knew their offender ( compared to 21.7 per cent of men ) . "
This is misleading , as it appears to suggest that women are more than three times as likely as men to experience violence by known offenders .
The ABS Personal Safety Survey ( 2006 ) 5 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ In relation to the suggestion that separated mothers make false accusations of violence to bolster their case in the Family Court , there is no credible research that supports the assertion that women are routinely falsifying claims of abuse to gain a tactical advantage . ”
This is incorrect .
The view that some family violence order applications are unjustified appears to be shared by state magistrates in New South Wales and Queensland .
Hickey and Cumines in a survey of 68 NSW magistrates concerning apprehended violence orders ( AVOs ) found that 90 % agreed that some AVOs were sought as a tactic to aid their case in order to deprive a former partner of contact with the children .
About a third of those who thought AVOs were used tactically indicated that it did not occur ' often ' , but one in six believed it occurred ' all the time '.39 A similar survey of 38 Queensland magistrates found that 74 % agreed with the proposition that protection orders are used in Family Court proceedings as a tactic to aid a parent 's case and to deprive their partner of contact with their children .
40
In recently published research on the views of 40 family lawyers in NSW , almost all solicitors thought that tactical applications for AVOs occurred , with the majority considering it happened often .
41
In another study based upon interviews with 181 parents who have been involved in family law disputes , there was a strong perception from respondents to family violence orders ( both women and men ) that their former partners sought a family violence order in order to help win their family law case .
42 This claim remains uncorrected .
“ In fact research from the Australian Institute of Family Studies indicates that the opposite is the case - people are under - reporting family violence .
While proceedings in the Family Court can be stressful for everyone involved , research by the Australian Institute of Family Studies indicates that the violence allegation rates during proceedings in the Family Court are similar to the reported rate in the general divorcing population .
In fact , Australian research tells us that the concerns about child and family safety are very real , especially during divorce . ”
It is absolutely true that people are under - reporting family violence .
and that concerns about child and family safety are very real , especially during divorce .
However it is also true that people are routinely falsifying claims of abuse to gain a tactical advantage in family law cases .
The two are n't mutually exclusive .
The government should be drafting laws to protect families and children from domestic violence , especially around the time of divorce , while at the same time protecting people from false allegations of violence and abuse which can be just as damaging .
The Family Violence Bill 2011 does not do this .
This claim remains uncorrected .
“ Women and children are at their most vulnerable to family violence when parents are separating . ”
This is misleading .
Men , women and children are at their most vulnerable to family violence when parents are separating .
The Australian Institute of Family Studies ' evaluation of the 2006 family law reforms 43 This claim remains uncorrected .
Family Law Council
“ About one in three Australian women experience physical violence and almost one in five women experience sexual violence over their lifetime . ”
About one in three Australian women and one in two Australian men experience physical violence and almost one in five women and one in eighteen men experience sexual violence over their lifetime 5
When brought to the attention of the Council , they replied “ Council … does not agree that the family violence report is affected by serious statistical error . ”
As such , this ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ In 2005 31 % of the women who reported they were physically assaulted in a 12 month period were assaulted by a current or previous partner , compared to 4.4 % of men who were assaulted by a current or previous partner ”
In 2005 , 80.4 % of persons who reported they were physically assaulted in a 12 month period by a current or previous partner were female , and 19.6 % were male 5
When brought to the attention of the Council , they replied “ Council … does not agree that the family violence report is affected by serious statistical error . ”
As such , this ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ 23 % of young people between the ages of 12 and 20 years had witnessed an incident of physical violence against their mother / stepmother . ” 23 % of young people between the ages of 12 and 20 years had witnessed an incident of physical violence against their mother / stepmother and 22 % against their father / stepfather 7
When brought to the attention of the Council , they replied “ Council … does not agree that the family violence report is affected by serious statistical error . ”
As such , this ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
Adelaide Advertiser “ a quarter of Australian children had witnessed violence against their mother ”
This statistic is taken from the source study Young people and domestic violence - national research on young peoples attitudes to and experiences of domestic violence 7
This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
Courier Mail “ Violence hits females most ” ( QLD , 2008 - 09 )
Total Offences Against the Person for Queensland were 15,294 for males and 13,573 for females 36 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ Across all age groups females are much more likely to be victims than males ” ( QLD , 2008 - 09 )
Females are more likely to be victims than males in the age groups 0 - 17 , but for all age groups 18 and over , males are more likely to be victims than females 36 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ Violence against women is the most widespread human rights abuse in the world ”
Violence against men , on every available indicator , is much more extensive , widespread , and has much greater health impacts , than does violence against women 3 Commendably , Amnesty have reworded the ‘ statistic ’ to read “ Violence against women is one of the most widespread human rights abuses in the world . ”
Australian Broadcasting Corporation
“ More than one in three Australian women will experience violence inflicted by their partner at some point in their lifetime ”
The most recent nationally representative survey found that 1 in 48 Australian women report having experienced violence from a current partner since the age of 15 5 Commendably , the ABC have amended the ‘ statistic ’ on their website .
“ Every year , nearly half a million Australian women experience violence at the hands of their partners or ex-partners ”
The most recent nationally representative survey found that 114,600 Australian women report having experienced violence from a current or previous partner during the last 12 months 5 Commendably , the ABC have removed this ‘ statistic ’ from their website .
White Ribbon Foundation
“ In contrast to men ’s experience of violence , male violence against women generally takes place within family and other relationships ”
Australian men and women were equally likely to be physically assaulted by persons known to them during the last 12 months 5 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ Canadian research tells us that women are three times more likely to be injured , five more times likely to be hospitalised and five times more likely to report fearing for their lives as a result of [ intimate partner ] violence ”
These statistics are from an out - of - date Canadian survey ( Statistics Canada 2003 ) .
The latest survey , “ Family Violence in Canada : A Statistical Profile ” ( Statistics Canada 2008 ) , found that similar percentages of female and male victims sustained injuries , and that male victims of spousal violence are 1.8 times as likely as female victims of spousal violence to suffer major assault 16 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ Intimate Partner Violence is the leading contributor to death and disability among women aged 15 to 44 . ”
Intimate partner violence is the leading contributor to death , disability and illness in Victorian women aged 15 – 44 .
The omission of the word illness here is critical .
Deaths from intimate partner violence ( femicide and suicide ) made up 2.3 % and 12.9 % of the disease burden respectively ; physical injuries just 0.7 % ; substance abuse ( tobacco , alcohol and drug use ) 10.2 % ; sexually transmitted infections and cervical cancer 2.2 % ; and poor mental health ( depression , anxiety and eating disorders ) 71.8 % . i.e .
The vast majority of the contribution to the burden of disease in young Victorian women from intimate partner violence is from illness 34 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ There is no evidence that male victims are more likely to under - report [ domestic violence ] than female victims ”
The large - scale South Australian Interpersonal Violence and Abuse Survey found that “ females ( 22.0 % ) were more likely to report the [ domestic violence ] incident (s ) to the police than males ( 7.5 % ) ” 22 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ Males are more likely than females to agree with statements [ such as ] ... ‘ when a guy hits a girl it's not really a big deal ’ ”
31 % of young males and 19 % of young females agreed with the statement “ when girl hits a guy its really not a big deal . ”
The same survey found that while males hitting females was seen , by virtually all young people surveyed , to be unacceptable , it appeared to be quite acceptable for a girl to hit a boy 7
This error was widely reported as fact by the Australian media , politicians and NGOs .
Commendably , the WRF issued a correction , and subsequently some media outlets such as the ABC corrected their reports , while most others remain uncorrected .
“ 30.2 % of Year 10 girls and 26.6 % of Year 12 girls have ever experienced unwanted sex ”
22.6 % of Year 10 boys and 23.8 % of Year 12 boys had also experienced unwanted sex 8
This misleading selective use of data was widely reported by the Australian media , politicians and NGOs .
It remains uncorrected .
“ The National Crime Prevention survey found that ... 6 % [ of young women ] said a boyfriend had physically forced them to have sex ”
The same survey found that 5 % of young men said a girlfriend had physically forced them to have sex 7
This misleading selective use of data was widely reported by the Australian media , politicians and NGOs .
It remains uncorrected .
Australian Democrats
“ According to the ABS almost 6 % of all women were hurt by family violence during 2005 . ”
According to the ABS 5.8 % of all women were hurt by violence ( of all forms ) during 2005 .
Approximately 1.5 % of all women were hurt by family violence ( by a current or previous partner ) during 2005 5 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ A third of them [ all women ] were sexually assaulted by a partner . ”
Of the 1.3 % of all women who reported being sexually assaulted , 7.7 % of them were assaulted by a current partner , and 21.1 % of them were assaulted by a previous partner in the most recent incident .
This means approximately 0.4 % of all women were sexually assaulted by a partner 5 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ Women are most at risk while they are pregnant . ” 14.6 % of women who had experienced violence by a current partner and 35.9 % of women who had experienced violence by a previous partner since the age of 15 reported that violence occurred during a pregnancy 5 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
The Hon. Linda Burney MP , NSW Minister for Women “ domestic violence affects one in three women in Australia ”
The most comprehensive , recent and largest scale survey on violence in Australia found that approximately one in six Australian women will be affected by domestic violence ( violence from a current or former partner ) over their lifetimes .
On an annual basis , domestic violence affects approximately one in sixty - seven women 5 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ Only a very small proportion of assaults against men were perpetrated by a former or current female intimate partner ( 4.3 % ) ”
The most recent Personal Safety Survey found that males make up 20 % of victims of violence by former or current partners 5
This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ Three quarters of intimate partner homicides involve men killing their female partners ”
The latest Homicide in Australia : 2006 - 07 National Homicide Monitoring Program annual report found that less than two thirds ( 64.6 % ) of intimate partner homicides involve men killing their female partners 14 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ Data from the Personal Safety Survey also indicates that women reporting violence in intimate relationships are significantly more likely than men to experience repeated acts of violence ”
Data from the Personal Safety Survey indicates that women reporting violence by current partners in intimate relationships are significantly more likely than men to experience repeated acts of violence .
However , women and men reporting violence by previous partners in intimate relationships experience repeated acts of violence at similar rates 5 Commendably , the NSW Government have issued errata correcting this ‘ statistic ’ .
“ Males did not have prior experiences of violent relationships ”
The Personal Safety Survey shows that 6 % of males and 17 % of females have prior experiences of violent relationships ( i.e. they have experienced current or previous partner violence since the age of 15 ) 5
This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ Males rarely experienced post separation violence ”
The Personal Safety Survey shows that 5 % of males ( n = 367,300 ) and 15 % of females ( n = 1,135,500 ) have experienced previous partner violence since the age of 15 5 15 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ Canadian data indicate that compared with male victims of domestic violence , women are three times more likely to be injured as a result of violence ; five times more likely to require medical attention or hospitalisation ”
These statistics are from an out - of - date Canadian survey .
The latest survey found that similar percentages of female and male victims sustained injuries and male victims of spousal violence are 1.8 times as likely as female victims of spousal violence to suffer major assault 16 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
“ According to national data , women who experience domestic and family violence do not report it to police .
Approximately 14 % of women who experienced violence from an intimate partner reported the most recent incident to police ”
While it is indisputable that many women who experience domestic and family violence do not report it to police , the Discussion Paper fails to acknowledge that men who experience such violence are even less likely than women to report it to the authorities .
The comprehensive South Australian Interpersonal Violence and Abuse Survey 22
This misleading selective use of data remains uncorrected .
“ One in four 12 - 20 year old Australians surveyed was aware of domestic violence against their mothers or stepmothers by their fathers or step - fathers ”
This statistic is taken from the source study Young people and domestic violence - national research on young peoples attitudes to and experiences of domestic violence 7
This misleading selective use of data remains uncorrected .
“ Three women are killed in domestic violence situations every fortnight across Australia ”
Two women and one man are killed in domestic violence situations every two - and - a - half weeks across Australia .
42 females and 23 males were victims of intimate partner homicide in 2006 - 07 ( the most recent data available ) 14 Commendably , the OfW have stopped using this ‘ statistic ’
“ It is estimated that in every year , approximately 350,000 and 125,000 will experience physical and sexual violence respectively ”
It is estimated that in every year in Australia , approximately 350,000 and 125,000 women will experience physical and sexual violence respectively .
So will approximately 775,000 and 45,000 men .
These figures refer to all violence , not just domestic violence , and they include attempts and threats as well as actual violence .
As far as domestic violence goes , it is estimated that in every year in Australia , approximately 114,600 women will experience domestic violence ( 43,800 from their current partner , and 70,800 from their former partner ) .
So will 27,900 men ( 8,400 from their current partner , 19,500 from their former partner ) .
In total 142,500 people will experience domestic violence every year 5 Commendably , the OfW have stopped using this ‘ statistic ’
“ Domestic violence is the main cause of death , disability and illness in Victorian women 15 - 44 years .
It is more harmful than smoking , alcohol and obesity combined ”
The top five causes of death , disability and illness [ combined ] for Australian women 15 - 44 years are anxiety and depression , migraine , type 2 diabetes , asthma and schizophrenia .
Violence doesnt make the top ten leading causes 6 47 Commendably , the OfW have reworded this ‘ statistic ’ to read “ Intimate partner violence is responsible for more ill - health and premature death in Victorian women under the age of 45 than any other of the well - known risk factors , including high blood pressure , obesity and smoking . ”
“ At least 1 in 17 women is a victim of domestic violence each year ”
At least 1 in 67 women is a victim of domestic violence each year .
These figures include attempts and threats as well as actual violence 5 Commendably , the OfW have stopped using this ‘ statistic ’
“ 1 in 8 high school students will be in a domestic violence relationship before they leave school ”
1 in 8 high school students will be in a domestic violence relationship before they leave school .
Approximately equal numbers of victims will be male and female 7 Commendably , the OfW have stopped using this ‘ statistic ’
“ Young women experience higher rates of sexual assault and run higher risks , at least 3 to 4 times higher , than the overall population of women ”
Young people experience higher rates of sexual assault and run higher risks , at least twice as high as the overall population 5 Commendably , the OfW have reworded this ‘ statistic ’ to read “ The [ Personal Safety ] survey also found that young women experience sexual assault at higher rates than older women ”
“ 25 % of young people have witnessed physical domestic violence against their mother ”
23 % of young people have witnessed physical domestic violence against their mother or stepmother , and 22 % of young people have witnessed physical domestic violence against their father or stepfather 7 Commendably , the OfW have stopped using this ‘ statistic ’
“ almost 90 % of the victims of domestic violence are female ”
Up to two - thirds of domestic violence victims are female , and at least one third are male 26 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected .
The National Council to Reduce Violence against Women and their Children “ many men belong to sexist peer cultures ”
The vast majority of men believe in gender equality 7
This unfortunate statement remains uncorrected .
“ domestic and family violence is a common cause of relationship breakdown ”
Only 7 % of breakdowns are caused by violence or abuse : communication problems are the main cause 15 This error remains uncorrected
“ 63 % of child killers are fathers ”
Less than a quarter are fathers , and over half are mothers 27 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected
“ denigrating representations of women in the media should be addressed ”
Negative portrayals of men are far more prevalent and just as damaging 29 This one - sided statement remains uncorrected .
United Nations Population Fund “ Violence is a traumatic experience for any man or woman , but gender - based violence is preponderantly inflicted by men on women and girls ” .
No evidence is cited for this claim .
However , the following circular argument is offered instead .
“ Definition of gender - based violence :
Any act of gender - based violence that results in , or is likely to result in , physical , sexual or psychological harm or suffering to women , including threats of such acts , coercion or arbitrary deprivations of liberty , whether occurring in public or in private life ”
It would only be fair if male victims were n't defined out of existence by United Nations reports such as these .
This attempt to deny the existence of male victims of violence remains uncorrected .
World Health Organisation
“ Where violence by women occurs it is more likely to be in the form of self - defence ”
The references cited to back this claim all asserted that womens violence was primarily in self defense , but either reported no data , or reported that only 6.9 % of the women acted in self - defense .
At least five other un -cited studies report data on self - defense .
Four out of the five found that only a small percentages of female violence was in self - defense .
For the one study which found high rates of self - defense , the percentage in self - defense was slightly greater for men ( 56 % ) than for women ( 42 % ) 30 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected
Kelvin Thomson MP , Federal Member for Wills “ Violence is the biggest health risk to Australian women ”
The biggest health risks to Australian women are tobacco use , overweight / obesity , physical inactivity , blood pressure and alcohol use 46 47 This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected
Mrs Sophie Mirabella MP , Shadow Minister for Women “ 1 in 3 teenage boys think its no big deal to hit a girl ... almost a third of girls in year 10 have experienced unwanted sex ”
31 % of young males and 19 % of young females agreed with the statement “ when a girl hits a guy its really not a big deal . ”
The same survey found that while males hitting females was seen , by virtually all young people surveyed , to be unacceptable , it appeared to be quite acceptable for a girl to hit a boy 7 8 These ‘ statistics ’ remain uncorrected .
Graeme Innes , Human Rights and Disability Discrimination Commissioner and Tom Calma , Torres Strait Islander Social Justice and Race Discrimination Commissioner “ one in three boys think that it is OK to hit a girl ”
31 % of young males and 19 % of young females agreed with the statement “ when girl hits a guy its really not a big deal . ”
The same survey found that while males hitting females was seen , by virtually all young people surveyed , to be unacceptable , it appeared to be quite acceptable for a girl to hit a boy 7 Commendably , the Australian Human Rights Commission has amended this ‘ statistic ’ on their website .
Andrew O'Keefe , Chairman White Ribbon Foundation , White Ribbon Ambassador and member of the National Council for Reducing Violence Against Women and their Children “ Violence against women is the most prevalent human rights abuse in the world ”
Violence against men , on every available indicator , is much more extensive , widespread , and has much greater health impacts , than does violence against women 3
This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected
“ many more Australian girls suffer physical ... violence than Australian boys ”
The Personal Safety Survey 2005 5 found that 702,400 males and 779,500 females had experienced physical abuse before the age of 15 .
The National Crime Prevention Survey 7
This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected
“ One in three boys believes most violence against women occurs because the woman provoked it ”
The study actually found that 33 % of young males and 25 % of young females agreed with the statement “ Most physical violence occurs in dating because a partner provoked it . ”
These young males and females were equally likely to have experienced domestic violence 7
This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected
“ One in three year 10 girls who 've had sex , have had unwanted ( i.e. coerced ) sex ”
22.6 % of Year 10 boys have also experienced unwanted sex .
Only 13.4 % of young people who had experienced unwanted sex , had been ' coerced ' ( ' my partner thought I should ' or ' my friends thought I should ' ) .
Other reasons given for unwanted sex were ' too drunk ' or ' too high ' ) 8
This misleading selective use of data remains uncorrected .
Jon Chin , member of the Hunter White Ribbon Day breakfast organising committee “ Violence against women has to be the greatest human rights scandal of our time ”
Violence against men , on every available indicator , is much more extensive , widespread , and has much greater health impacts , than does violence against women 3
This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected
“ one in seven boys aged 12 to 20 believes it is all right to force a girl to have sex if she was flirting ”
One in eight boys aged 12 to 20 said yes to the statement ‘ It ’s okay for a boy to make a girl have sex , if she ’s flirted with him , or led him on ’ 7
This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected
“ One in three boys believes most violence against women occurs because the woman provoked it ”
The study actually found that 33 % of young males and 25 % of young females agreed with the statement ‘ Most physical violence occurs in dating because a partner provoked it . ’
These young males and females were equally likely to have experienced domestic violence .
The same survey found that while males hitting females was seen , by virtually all young people surveyed , to be unacceptable , it appeared to be quite acceptable for a girl to hit a boy 7
This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected
Fran Bailey , Federal Member for McEwen “ many young boys still thought it was acceptable to hit girls ”
31 % of young males and 19 % of young females agreed with the statement “ when girl hits a guy its really not a big deal . ”
The same survey found that while males hitting females was seen , by virtually all young people surveyed , to be unacceptable , it appeared to be quite acceptable for a girl to hit a boy 7
This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected
Access Economics “ 98 % of perpetrators [ of domestic violence ] were male ”
65 % of domestic violence perpetrators were male , according to available Australian data at the time 31 Commendably , Access Economics released a corrigendum revising this figure to 87 % .
Unfortunately this figure is still incorrect , as it is based on out - of - date United States survey data and incorrect calculation methodology .
The Body Shop “ 98 % of the perpetrators of domestic violence were male ”
65 % of domestic violence perpetrators were male , according to available Australian data at the time 31 Commendably , the Body Shop corrected this error , revising this figure to 87 % .
Unfortunately this figure is still incorrect , as it is based on out - of - date United States survey data and incorrect calculation methodology .
Marie Claire Magazine “ that 's half a million children and teenagers who know their mother or step - mother is being abused by her partner ”
An almost identical number of children and teenagers know their father or step - father is being abused by his partner 7
This ‘ statistic ’ remains uncorrected
Advertisement
Windows only : WinX DVD
Author is a shareware application that converts and burns most popular video formats directly to DVD , and it 's available for free during the month of October .
Specifically , WinX DVD
Author supports loads of video formats from the common to the more obscure , including AVI , ASF , WMV , MPEG , MP4 , MOV , RM , RMVB , XviD , DivX , H.264 , OGG , QT , FLV , and more .
The app supports customizing your own DVD title and chapter menus with background images , music , title text , and more , supports trimming videos , and can burn to both 16:9 HD widescreen or 4:3 standard def .
Advertisement
We 've already featured a couple of different tools that will allow you to burn nearly any video file to a playable DVD , but WinX DVD Author seems like a great tool to add to that list .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Meanwhile , the same company 's DVD Ripping application , WinX DVD Ripper Platinum is also free this month ( normally $ 25 ) .
Like DVD Author , Ripper supports tons of supported source DVDs and outputs to quite a few formats .
Advertisement
WinX DVD
Author would normally set you back $ 30 , Ripper $ 25 , but both are free downloads during October , Windows only .
( They even support Windows 7 32 - and 64 - bit ) .
WinX DVD Author [ via gHacks ]
WinX DVD Ripper Platinum
Federal authorities can resume combing through the notebooks , memory cards and computers of a twittering anarchist being investigated for violating an anti-rioting law , a federal judge in Brooklyn ruled Monday .
U.S. district court judge Dora L. Irizzary found no reason to throw out the government 's search of the home of a 41 - year old social worker who used the micro-publishing service Twitter to help anti-globalization protestors at the recent G - 20 convention , clearing the way for the feds to look through the evidence they collected .
Madison and his attorney sought to have his possessions returned unexamined , on the grounds the search violated his constitutional rights to free speech .
The Joint Terrorism Task Force raided Elliott Madison 's house in a dawn raid on October 1 , seizing myriad computers , unpublished manuscripts , phones and books from the social worker , his urban planner wife and his housemates .
The materials were seized as evidence in a federal grand jury investigation of whether Madison violated a rarely - used federal statute that makes it a crime to help rioters .
Madison , an anarchist and prolific writer , seems to have drawn the attention of New York 's U.S. Attorney 's office after he was arrested in a Pittsburgh motel room on September 24 for legally listening to a police scanner and then tweeting the information .
During the G - 20 summit , heavily armed police officers reacted to the anti-globalization protesters with tear gas , sonic weapons , rubber bullets and mass arrests .
Madison was in jail during the height of the confrontation , charged with criminal use of a communication facility .
When protesters in Iran similarly used Twitter to organize anti-government rallies , the U.S. State Department hailed the micro-blogging service as a boon to democracy .
The Department of Justice is not so easily persuaded of the service 's usefulness .
While Madison has not been charged by the feds , the rioting law he 's suspected of violating carries a penalty of up to five years in prison .
After the subsequent raid of Madison 's home in Queens , New York , Madison 's lawyer Martin Stolar won an emergency stay , prohibiting the police from looking through the evidence they 'd taken .
Stolar sought to have the search thrown out on the grounds it violated the Constitution , but in a short ruling , the judge rejected those arguments Monday and lifted the temporary stay .
Now police must sort through the evidence , make copies of hard drives and memory cards and return the electronics and the non-germane possessions .
Stolar asked the judge for another emergency stay while he appealed the decision to the appeals court , but the judge rejected that motion and warned Stolar to stop pestering the judge with non-emergency phone calls to chambers .
Madison is a social worker in New York with no previous convictions .
He argues that the so - called anarchist gear the feds seized , including handheld radios , a pick axe , knee pads and gas masks , are for his civilian defense work .
That assertion is backed up by a YouTube video made prior to the raid , describing the usefulness of the various tools in case of a disaster , such as Hurricane Katrina , which led Madison and his wife to volunteer in Louisiana .
The U.S. Attorney 's office says it can not comment on an open grand jury investigation .
Photo : Bryan Derballa /Wired.com
See Also :
Eis , Schnee , Kälte Kein Durchkommen mehr in Europa
Klirrende Kälte , Eis und Schnee haben den Weihnachtsreiseverkehr in Deutschland , Europa und Nordamerika vielerorts zum Erliegen gebracht .
Flughäfen sind geschlossen , Autobahnen waren gesperrt .
Auch die Rettungskräfte kämpfen mit den Elementen .
24 SHARES Share Tweet
When it comes to life , happiness , and well - being , there is n’t one single area of life that we need to focus on .
Instead , life is multi-dimensional and dynamic .
Here are 6 aspects of life that I feel put together a “ complete picture ” of a balanced person .
By being more aware of these different dimensions of life , we can determine which areas we need to focus on more and work to improve .
The different aspects of a balanced person include : 1 ) Physical , 2 ) Mental , 3 ) Emotional , 4 ) Social , 5 ) Work / Financial and 6 ) Spiritual .
If we focus too much on one area , then we risk neglecting another one .
This is why practicing balance and taking a complete picture perspective toward life is so important .
Here is a breakdown of each aspect , along with some tips and advice on how you can start improving each one .
Take the Happiness Quiz to measure your current level of life satisfaction .
1. PHYSICAL
The physical aspect of life includes our health and the way we take care of our bodies .
This includes what we consume , how often we exercise , keeping our bodies clean , as well as our daily posture and how we carry ourselves .
Our body is the most precious gift we have and without it we ca n’t exist .
If we do n’t stay healthy we certainly can’t enjoy all the other aspects of life .
For that reason , taking care of our physical health is the very first step on the road to happiness .
No matter what your current state of health is ( or how old you are ) , it is never too late to start changing our habits , even if it ’s just something small like taking a walk in the morning .
A healthy body is a healthy mind , and by taking better care of ourselves we will feel more confident , more motivated , and more energized .
Things to do :
Find ways to be physically active everyday .
This could be anything from joining a gym to just dancing by yourself in your room .
Find something that you are comfortable with , make it fun , and seek out new challenges .
Do n’t forget those sports you used to like to play as a kid , and if you really have to , you could even get started with an “ exercise video game ” like Wii Fit .
Take an everything counts ” mindset when it comes to health .
There are opportunities to be more active all around us .
This could be anything from joining a gym to just dancing by yourself in your room .
Find something that you are comfortable with , make it fun , and seek out new challenges .
Do n’t forget those sports you used to like to play as a kid , and if you really have to , you could even get started with an “ exercise video game ” like Wii Fit .
Take an everything counts ” mindset when it comes to health .
There are opportunities to be more active all around us .
Keep a consistent sleep schedule .
Sleep is one of the # 1 habits when it comes to both your physical and mental health .
Studies show that those who do n’t get sufficient sleep ( between 6 - 10 hours every night ) often suffer worse health outcomes like a weaker immune system , higher risk of obesity , lower energy and stamina , and more stress and anxiety .
If your sleep habits are n’t healthy , it will likely have a negative ripple effect on almost every other aspect of your day .
Check out these simple principles behind a good night ’s sleep to learn more about how to improve your sleep .
Sleep is one of the # 1 habits when it comes to both your physical and mental health .
Studies show that those who do n’t get sufficient sleep ( between 6 - 10 hours every night ) often suffer worse health outcomes like a weaker immune system , higher risk of obesity , lower energy and stamina , and more stress and anxiety .
If your sleep habits are n’t healthy , it will likely have a negative ripple effect on almost every other aspect of your day .
Check out these simple principles behind a good night ’s sleep to learn more about how to improve your sleep .
Pay attention to your diet .
There are a lot of different diets out there , but the most important thing is to not eat too much , especially junk food , fast food , sweets , and lots of processed food .
Use your commonsense .
Eating chips and cake at night while binging Netflix is not going to bring out your best self .
Consider intermittent fasting ( or calorie restrictions ) to lose any excess weight and become more fit .
Pay attention to how your body responds to the things you eat :
What foods make you tired and feeling like crap ?
What foods make you energized and feeling good ?
There are a lot of different diets out there , but the most important thing is to not eat too much , especially junk food , fast food , sweets , and lots of processed food .
Use your commonsense .
Eating chips and cake at night while binging Netflix is not going to bring out your best self .
Consider intermittent fasting ( or calorie restrictions ) to lose any excess weight and become more fit .
Pay attention to how your body responds to the things you eat :
What foods make you tired and feeling like crap ?
What foods make you energized and feeling good ?
Keep yourself clean .
Do n’t be lazy and skip out on basic hygiene like taking a shower , brushing your teeth , or washing your face .
These things seem like commonsense , but they can have a big influence over how you feel about yourself and how you present yourself to others .
Part of loving your body is treating it like a new car , keeping it fresh and smelling nice .
Do n’t be lazy and skip out on basic hygiene like taking a shower , brushing your teeth , or washing your face .
These things seem like commonsense , but they can have a big influence over how you feel about yourself and how you present yourself to others .
Part of loving your body is treating it like a new car , keeping it fresh and smelling nice .
Quit those bad habits .
Of course , another big aspect of your physical health is cutting back on bad habits , especially drinking alcohol , smoking cigarettes , or doing harmful drugs .
While many of these habits may not feel like they are hurting you right now , they can have tremendous consequences in the long - term .
Find a family member or friend who has quit to help you out .
Or consider techniques like urge surfing to learn how to overcome addictive cravings ( this can work for eating too ) .
If you really have a problem , consider professional help .
Please do not underestimate the importance of keeping your body in shape .
It ’s about much more than just looking and feeling good about yourself – it is also about living a life of health and longevity , and keeping your mind fit as well .
You can have everything else in your life figured out , but if you do n’t maintain your health you wo n’t be around very long to enjoy it .
2. MENTAL
If you do n’t take care of your body , then it will slowly deteriorate .
And the same is true for your mind .
Just because you do n’t have to go to school anymore does n’t mean you ca n’t keep learning new things and challenging your brain .
Reading books .
Learning about new topics .
Following the news .
These are all ways to keep our minds sharp and continue to update our knowledge and beliefs .
Learning is something that is a lifelong endeavor .
And studies show that continuing to exercise your brain is a great way to improve cognitive abilities and maintain mental health into an old age ( including preventing dementia and memory loss ) .
Things to do :
Read more books .
Reading is a great way to keep your mind sharp and learn new things .
Non-fiction books about science or history can help you expand your knowledge .
And fiction books can keep your mind imaginative and expand your vocabulary .
If you have n’t read a book in awhile , try to make it a goal to read 2 - 3 new books this year .
Find one that has an interesting story or covers an interesting topic you ’ve always wanted to learn more about .
Reading is a great way to keep your mind sharp and learn new things .
Non-fiction books about science or history can help you expand your knowledge .
And fiction books can keep your mind imaginative and expand your vocabulary .
If you have n’t read a book in awhile , try to make it a goal to read 2 - 3 new books this year .
Find one that has an interesting story or covers an interesting topic you ’ve always wanted to learn more about .
Watch documentaries .
Documentaries are another great way to learn new things and expand your perspective .
Nature documentaries like Planet Earth have been shown to boost positive emotions like joy and curiosity .
And documentaries about science , history , or past figures can be a fun way to absorb new facts and find inspiration from real - life stories .
Documentaries are another great way to learn new things and expand your perspective .
Nature documentaries like Planet Earth have been shown to boost positive emotions like joy and curiosity .
And documentaries about science , history , or past figures can be a fun way to absorb new facts and find inspiration from real - life stories .
Challenge your brain .
Puzzles , board games , video games , and other problem - solving activities are great ways to keep your mind active .
The best part is you can usually find something you really enjoy , so you can keep your brain healthy , and at the same time find a fun hobby ( even better if it ’s something you can do with friends and family ) .
Puzzles , board games , video games , and other problem - solving activities are great ways to keep your mind active .
The best part is you can usually find something you really enjoy , so you can keep your brain healthy , and at the same time find a fun hobby ( even better if it ’s something you can do with friends and family ) .
Follow trustworthy news sources and educational blogs .
It ’s important that we monitor our information diet , the types of information we consume on a daily basis , especially where we get our news from .
It ’s also good to branch out and listen to educational podcasts or read educational blogs ( including this one ! )
It ’s important that we monitor our information diet , the types of information we consume on a daily basis , especially where we get our news from .
It ’s also good to branch out and listen to educational podcasts or read educational blogs ( including this one ! )
Watch lectures and speeches online .
There are a lot of great lectures you can find on the internet for free these days .
On YouTube , you can find free courses by Yale , Harvard , and MIT .
You can also find in - depth speeches by all sorts of amazing thinkers like renowned scientists , philosophers , musicians , etc .
The internet can be an endless source of education if you know how to use it right .
There are a lot of great lectures you can find on the internet for free these days .
On YouTube , you can find free courses by Yale , Harvard , and MIT .
You can also find in - depth speeches by all sorts of amazing thinkers like renowned scientists , philosophers , musicians , etc .
The internet can be an endless source of education if you know how to use it right .
Learn about your mind and cognition .
One essential aspect to being a more intelligent thinker is also knowing how your mind works .
Everyone should at least learn the basic principles of cognitive - behavioral therapy , including how to identify logical fallacies and cognitive biases in our own thinking .
It ’s important that we continue to use our brains to learn new things and challenge ourselves , especially as we get older .
Education makes you a better and more well - rounded person overall , and it ’s an essential component to all self - improvement .
3. EMOTIONAL
Under the “ Mental ” section I covered how to keep our brains active and be more intelligent thinkers , but there is also a whole other side of our psychology that we need to pay attention to as well : our “ Emotional ” side .
Emotions can often seem like something that we have limited power over , but being a more emotionally intelligent person means becoming more self - aware and learning how to better regulate our emotions and behavior .
It is crucial that we reflect on our emotional worlds and know how to navigate them .
Things to do :
Learn the basics of emotional intelligence .
There are 4 fundamental pillars of emotional intelligence that we need to cultivate : 1 ) Self - awareness ( recognizing our emotions when they happen ) , 2 ) Self - regulation ( knowing how to respond to our emotions and channel them in a positive direction , 3 ) Empathy ( or “ other - awareness , ” being aware of other people ’s emotions and internal states ) , and 4 ) Social Skills ( knowing how to respond to other people ’s emotions in a healthy and constructive way ) .
There are 4 fundamental pillars of emotional intelligence that we need to cultivate : 1 ) Self - awareness ( recognizing our emotions when they happen ) , 2 ) Self - regulation ( knowing how to respond to our emotions and channel them in a positive direction , 3 ) Empathy ( or “ other - awareness , ” being aware of other people ’s emotions and internal states ) , and 4 ) Social Skills ( knowing how to respond to other people ’s emotions in a healthy and constructive way ) .
Practice meditation and mindfulness .
Meditation is a great way to become more aware of your mind and how it works .
It also teaches you how to “ step back ” and just observe your thoughts and feelings without needing to immediately respond to them .
This space between our “ feelings ” and “ actions ” is crucial for being a more emotionally intelligent person .
Try a simple 100 Breaths Meditation to get started .
Meditation is a great way to become more aware of your mind and how it works .
It also teaches you how to “ step back ” and just observe your thoughts and feelings without needing to immediately respond to them .
This space between our “ feelings ” and “ actions ” is crucial for being a more emotionally intelligent person .
Try a simple 100 Breaths Meditation to get started .
Forgive yourself for past mistakes .
One important aspect of emotional health is learning how to forgive yourself .
We all make mistakes , some of us bigger than others – but if we learn to forgive and learn from those mistakes , we can ultimately come out a better person at the end of the day .
One important aspect of emotional health is learning how to forgive yourself .
We all make mistakes , some of us bigger than others – but if we learn to forgive and learn from those mistakes , we can ultimately come out a better person at the end of the day .
Question your feelings .
Your feelings can be misleading if you always react to them without thinking .
In certain times , it ’s a good idea to step back and question them .
When you question your feelings in a healthy and constructive way , you can often learn more about where they come from and what they are telling you .
Emotions are an important sign that can guide our behavior , but we have to be willing to listen to them and reflect on them .
Your feelings can be misleading if you always react to them without thinking .
In certain times , it ’s a good idea to step back and question them .
When you question your feelings in a healthy and constructive way , you can often learn more about where they come from and what they are telling you .
Emotions are an important sign that can guide our behavior , but we have to be willing to listen to them and reflect on them .
Learn to relax and better manage daily stress .
Stress management is essential for mental health and emotional intelligence .
If you do n’t know how to manage your stress in a healthy way , it can often spillover into your thoughts , feelings , and behaviors by making you more sensitive , irritable , and bothered ( even by little things ) .
Check out my complete guide on daily stress for a great framework on how to better respond to your stress ( by seeing it a signal to “ step back , ” relax , and rejuvenate yourself ) .
Also consider a progressive muscle relaxation exercise to help release stress and tension built up in your body .
Do n’t take your emotions for granted .
We often have more power than we realize once we learn how to channel them in healthy and constructive ways .
4. SOCIAL
Healthy relationships are an essential ingredient to happiness and well - being .
There used to be a time when I believed “ I do n’t need people to be happy , all I need is myself . ”
But over the years I ’ve learned more and more that having a social life and a sense of belonging is a basic human need that ca n’t be avoided .
You can be the most introverted person in the world , but you still need a couple good friends to give you a sense of purpose and meaning .
Things to do :
Stay connected with friends and family .
You should try your best to stay in touch with people who you have a strong relationship with , especially family and old friends .
It does n’t take much to show you ’re thinking about someone : a simple text , email , or phone call is all you need to let people know you still care and value your relationship with them .
You should try your best to stay in touch with people who you have a strong relationship with , especially family and old friends .
It does n’t take much to show you ’re thinking about someone : a simple text , email , or phone call is all you need to let people know you still care and value your relationship with them .
Improve communication skills .
Communication is everything in relationships .
If you do n’t know how to communicate your thoughts and feelings in an honest and constructive way , you ’ll have trouble building genuine and healthy connections with others .
Know how to communicate without manipulating and how to defuse heated situations , and you ’ll already have a huge advantage when it comes to healthy social interactions .
Communication is everything in relationships .
If you do n’t know how to communicate your thoughts and feelings in an honest and constructive way , you ’ll have trouble building genuine and healthy connections with others .
Know how to communicate without manipulating and how to defuse heated situations , and you ’ll already have a huge advantage when it comes to healthy social interactions .
Practice “ 10 second ” relationships .
Every time you leave your home , there is opportunity for social interaction .
Studies show even simple “ 10 second relationships ” ( such as saying “ hi ” to a neighbor or coworker ) can boost positive emotions and feelings of social connectedness .
This can also be a great exercise for people who are very introverted ( or have a lot of social anxiety ) and want to start being a more social person .
Every time you leave your home , there is opportunity for social interaction .
Studies show even simple “ 10 second relationships ” ( such as saying “ hi ” to a neighbor or coworker ) can boost positive emotions and feelings of social connectedness .
This can also be a great exercise for people who are very introverted ( or have a lot of social anxiety ) and want to start being a more social person .
Find opportunities to meet new people .
If you ’re looking to expand your social circle or make new friends , there are a lot of opportunities available to you .
Depending on your interests , consider going out more to bars , clubs , music shows , coffee shops , workshops , or book clubs .
Online sites like Meet Up can also be a great way to connect with like - minded people in your area .
If you ’re looking to expand your social circle or make new friends , there are a lot of opportunities available to you .
Depending on your interests , consider going out more to bars , clubs , music shows , coffee shops , workshops , or book clubs .
Online sites like Meet Up can also be a great way to connect with like - minded people in your area .
Invite someone over for dinner .
This is a nice way to connect with people and go the extra mile to show they are an important person in your life .
If you really do n’t want to prepare a meal , you can always invite them to a restaurant with you too ( but it ’s not as special as cooking a meal yourself ! )
This is a nice way to connect with people and go the extra mile to show they are an important person in your life .
If you really do n’t want to prepare a meal , you can always invite them to a restaurant with you too ( but it ’s not as special as cooking a meal yourself ! )
Use social media and the internet to connect .
The internet can be a great place to connect with like - minded people that we would otherwise never meet in the real world .
Try to follow people ( or message boards ) that focus on topics you are interested in ( such as politics , science , sports , etc. ) .
Participate in those online conversations .
Often times we can build meaningful connections with people online that are just as important as those we find in the real world .
Keep your mind open to it !
The internet can be a great place to connect with like - minded people that we would otherwise never meet in the real world .
Try to follow people ( or message boards ) that focus on topics you are interested in ( such as politics , science , sports , etc. ) .
Participate in those online conversations .
Often times we can build meaningful connections with people online that are just as important as those we find in the real world .
Keep your mind open to it !
Be kind and have good manners ( especially online ) .
Whether it ’s in the real world or on the internet , the same basic rules apply to all healthy and positive relationships : be kind to others , treat them with respect , listen to their viewpoints , and do n’t respond by attacking or insulting .
Good manners in the 21st century are n’t all that different from good manners in the past , but our online world sometimes makes it too easy for us to be “ mean ” or “ cruel ” to others when we can hide behind an anonymous account .
Whether it ’s in the real world or on the internet , the same basic rules apply to all healthy and positive relationships : be kind to others , treat them with respect , listen to their viewpoints , and do n’t respond by attacking or insulting .
Good manners in the 21st century are n’t all that different from good manners in the past , but our online world sometimes makes it too easy for us to be “ mean ” or “ cruel ” to others when we can hide behind an anonymous account .
Learn how to identify “ drama . ”
The “ drama triangle ” is a great framework for identifying the drama in your own life and how it unfolds .
People tend to fall into different roles ( such as “ victim , ” “ persecutor , ” and “ savior ” ) , but those limited roles can often inhibit us from moving forward and resolving conflict in our daily lives .
Which role do you tend to fall into the most ?
The “ drama triangle ” is a great framework for identifying the drama in your own life and how it unfolds .
People tend to fall into different roles ( such as “ victim , ” “ persecutor , ” and “ savior ” ) , but those limited roles can often inhibit us from moving forward and resolving conflict in our daily lives .
Which role do you tend to fall into the most ?
Quality of relationships >
Quantity of relationships .
One last reminder when it comes to the “ Social ” aspect of being a balanced person is that quality is often better than quantity when it comes to relationships .
You do n’t need to be super popular or be the life of the party to have a healthy social life .
All you need is a couple really close friends who support you and you can trust , and you ’ll find everything you need to live a socially satisfying life .
Healthy relationships are a fundamental component to happiness and well - being .
Our need to belong and have social connections is wired into our biology and evolution .
Are you fulfilling your social needs ?
5. WORK / FINANCIAL
Another aspect of a balanced person that cannot be ignored is our material needs , this includes food , shelter , healthcare , and other basics to living a healthy and dignified life .
For most people , this means having a job / career that both supports your material well - being , as well as your psychological well - being .
While we do n’t always get a choice in what we do for a living , there are important ways to give ourselves more power over both our work life and financial life .
Here are a few important pieces of advice .
Things to do :
Know your strengths .
Before you decide what type of work you ’d like to do for a living , it ’s important to know what your natural strengths , skills , and talents are .
What types of activities are you usually good at ( or at least above average ) ?
What do you enjoy doing ?
Once you identify your strengths , it ’s easier to decide what types of jobs or career will suit you best ( and where you can contribute the most value ) .
Before you decide what type of work you ’d like to do for a living , it ’s important to know what your natural strengths , skills , and talents are .
What types of activities are you usually good at ( or at least above average ) ?
What do you enjoy doing ?
Once you identify your strengths , it ’s easier to decide what types of jobs or career will suit you best ( and where you can contribute the most value ) .
Get an education .
Having a college degree is one of the greatest predictors of whether or not you will find a job .
While it ’s certainly not set in stone , it ’s generally a good idea to get a Bachelors or Masters in something that interests you and could be a potential career path .
If college is n’t your thing ( and it ’s certainly not for everyone ) , consider going to a trade school to learn a new skill or advance your expertise .
Having a college degree is one of the greatest predictors of whether or not you will find a job .
While it ’s certainly not set in stone , it ’s generally a good idea to get a Bachelors or Masters in something that interests you and could be a potential career path .
If college is n’t your thing ( and it ’s certainly not for everyone ) , consider going to a trade school to learn a new skill or advance your expertise .
The value of work experience .
Work experience is just as important as your educational background ( if not more ) .
Actual hands - on , real world experience in a work setting can teach you a lot more than any classroom can , including new skills , new knowledge , and how to work with others in a professional setting .
Also do n’t underestimate the value of choosing an “ entry level ” job ( or even an internship ) to start getting your foot in the door and getting more experience .
You can always work your way up from there !
Work experience is just as important as your educational background ( if not more ) .
Actual hands - on , real world experience in a work setting can teach you a lot more than any classroom can , including new skills , new knowledge , and how to work with others in a professional setting .
Also do n’t underestimate the value of choosing an “ entry level ” job ( or even an internship ) to start getting your foot in the door and getting more experience .
You can always work your way up from there !
Make the most of your job .
While it ’s rare for any of us to get our “ dream job , ” we can always make the most of our work life by being a good employee and doing our best .
Use nudges to keep yourself motivated and productive throughout the day , learn mental strategies for getting things done that you normally “ do n’t like ” doing , and make friends at work because those are people you ’re going to be spending a lot of time with ( and it ’s crucial that you have healthy relationships with them ) .
While it ’s rare for any of us to get our “ dream job , ” we can always make the most of our work life by being a good employee and doing our best .
Use nudges to keep yourself motivated and productive throughout the day , learn mental strategies for getting things done that you normally “ do n’t like ” doing , and make friends at work because those are people you ’re going to be spending a lot of time with ( and it ’s crucial that you have healthy relationships with them ) .
Live within your means .
One of the # 1 rules for financial well - being is living within your means .
This includes keeping a budget that you can maintain ( for food , rent , bills , clothes , and leisure expenses ) , and not buying too much stuff you ca n’t afford and accumulating a lot of debt .
Keep track of all your expenses and find ways to cut back on spending that is n’t necessary .
Also be more aware of spending biases ( like the power of “ FREE ! ” and the “ Relativity Trap ” ) that corporations often use to get you to buy stuff you do n’t need .
One of the # 1 rules for financial well - being is living within your means .
This includes keeping a budget that you can maintain ( for food , rent , bills , clothes , and leisure expenses ) , and not buying too much stuff you ca n’t afford and accumulating a lot of debt .
Keep track of all your expenses and find ways to cut back on spending that is n’t necessary .
Also be more aware of spending biases ( like the power of “ FREE ! ” and the “ Relativity Trap ” ) that corporations often use to get you to buy stuff you do n’t need .
Create a healthy relationship with “ stuff . ”
Being too materialistic can actually hurt our happiness and health in the long - term – do n’t forget that there is a lot more to life than just money and material things ( despite what you may see in movies , TV shows , and commercials ) .
Do you have a healthy relationship with material things in your life ?
Or is money all you care about and it ’s blinding you to other aspects of life ?
Psychology research shows that after a certain point ( typically when our basic needs are met ) , money has very little effect on our overall happiness and well - being .
6. SPIRITUAL / MEANINGFUL
Spirituality can sometimes be the most overlooked aspect to life .
I define it as a “ search for meaning and purpose . ”
For many people , religion is their main source of spirituality and meaning , but we do n’t necessarily need religion to find a larger purpose to life .
Art , culture , philosophy , relationships , introspection , and creativity can all play a role in creating more meaning in our lives and living more purposefully .
Things to do :
Learn the pillars of a meaningful life .
There are 5 fundamental pillars to a meaningful life , including 1 ) A sense of belonging ( having healthy relationships with those around you ) , 2 ) A sense of purpose ( feeling that you contribute to a larger whole ) , 3 ) Storytelling ( the stories we tell about ourselves and the world ) , 4 ) Transcendence ( experiencing “ awe ” and “ inspiration ” ) , 5 ) Growth ( having a sense that you are evolving and moving forward ) .
There are 5 fundamental pillars to a meaningful life , including 1 ) A sense of belonging ( having healthy relationships with those around you ) , 2 ) A sense of purpose ( feeling that you contribute to a larger whole ) , 3 ) Storytelling ( the stories we tell about ourselves and the world ) , 4 ) Transcendence ( experiencing “ awe ” and “ inspiration ” ) , 5 ) Growth ( having a sense that you are evolving and moving forward ) .
Spend more time in nature .
Nature is a fantastic source of meaning and awe .
Try spending more time in nature , even if it ’s just simple things like going for a walk around your neighborhood , bird - watching in your backyard , or watching a sunset .
These are great opportunities to connect with nature more , which also gives us a deeper sense of ourselves and where we fit in the grand scheme of things .
Nature is a fantastic source of meaning and awe .
Try spending more time in nature , even if it ’s just simple things like going for a walk around your neighborhood , bird - watching in your backyard , or watching a sunset .
These are great opportunities to connect with nature more , which also gives us a deeper sense of ourselves and where we fit in the grand scheme of things .
Pursue a creative hobby .
Creative hobbies are a great way to build more meaning into your life .
Often artistic pursuits ( such as writing , painting , music , photography , filmmaking , etc. ) give us an opportunity to express ourselves and actively infuse meaning into our lives .
I ’ve personally been making electronic music for over a decade now and it ’s been a great way for me express myself , relieve stress and anxiety , and channel my emotions in a healthy and constructive way .
Mindful photography also played a major role in my life when I was going through a depressing time in college .
I strongly believe everyone needs some type of creative endeavor in their life .
You do n’t even have to be skilled at anything , just CREATE !
Creative hobbies are a great way to build more meaning into your life .
Often artistic pursuits ( such as writing , painting , music , photography , filmmaking , etc. ) give us an opportunity to express ourselves and actively infuse meaning into our lives .
I ’ve personally been making electronic music for over a decade now and it ’s been a great way for me express myself , relieve stress and anxiety , and channel my emotions in a healthy and constructive way .
Mindful photography also played a major role in my life when I was going through a depressing time in college .
I strongly believe everyone needs some type of creative endeavor in their life .
You do n’t even have to be skilled at anything , just CREATE !
Become a part of your community .
Our relationships are also a tremendous source of meaning , including seeing ourselves as part of a “ group ” or “ community . ”
As a social species , we all crave a “ tribe ” to belong to .
Try to find ways to connect and participate with your community more .
Do volunteer work .
Go to church .
Attend events .
Do local activism .
There are always opportunities to “ give back ” and contribute to your community more .
Find ways to make your neighborhood a better place .
Our relationships are also a tremendous source of meaning , including seeing ourselves as part of a “ group ” or “ community . ”
As a social species , we all crave a “ tribe ” to belong to .
Try to find ways to connect and participate with your community more .
Do volunteer work .
Go to church .
Attend events .
Do local activism .
There are always opportunities to “ give back ” and contribute to your community more .
Find ways to make your neighborhood a better place .
Spend time in solitude .
Another essential ingredient to a “ spiritual life ” is spending healthy time alone , in solitude .
This can include prayer , meditation , or just healthy introspection .
And in fact , studies show that solitude can play an important role in our self - discovery and self - growth .
Another essential ingredient to a “ spiritual life ” is spending healthy time alone , in solitude .
This can include prayer , meditation , or just healthy introspection .
And in fact , studies show that solitude can play an important role in our self - discovery and self - growth .
Have faith that life is good .
Faith may not have any role in science , but it does have an important role in good living .
Do n’t underestimate the importance of seeing the good in things , even our very worst experiences can be valuable , as they are only lessons that make us stronger .
Every moment is a source of wealth .
Practice living richly .
Do n’t underestimate the importance of “ spirituality ” or having a meaningful life .
When you have a spiritual core , you can withstand almost any difficulty or hardship .
It can empower you and motivate you to a whole other level .
CONCLUSION
We must invest time and energy in all 6 of these aspects if we want to live a happy and balanced life .
These 6 aspects are 1 ) Physical , 2 ) Mental , 3 ) Emotional , 4 ) Social , 5 ) Work , and 6 ) Spirituality .
Which areas are you the strongest in ?
Which areas are you the weakest in ?
This is a great framework to keep in mind as you embark on a life of self - improvement and personal growth .
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement :
http://prayerwarriorsforsarahpalin.ning.com/
Included because it has been endorsed and supported by the administrator of TeamSarah.org & its associated Facebook page , Join Team Sarah Blog Talk Radio ( JTSBTR ) .
Sample prayer language :
" I praise You and gloify [ sic ]
You for all You are accomplishing through Your servant Sarah her husband Todd and their precious family . "
" The LORD shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before you ; they will come out against you one way and will flee before you seven ways . "
" Sarah , .... You have been anointed to Lead this Great Nation back to God . "
Extreme prayer language :
I plead the Blood of Jesus on Sarah Palin 's entire physical body , on her soul and her spirit .
I plead the Blood of Jesus against any demons that may try and come against her in any way form or fashion .
I Plead the Blood of Jesus against any humans that may try and come against her in any way form or fashion .
There are numerous fan sites on the web , most likely loosely tied to the Palin team , including Conservatives 4 Palin , Texas4 Palin , Palin For America
On FACEBOOK : ( official or semi- official sites only ; not including many freelance fan - originated Facebook pages )
Sarah Palin , 1 million fans , promoting the book tour and commenting on national issues .
There are often lengthy " notes " on political topics of the day .
One recent note was headlined with this amusing oxymoron : " Go Rogue With the Rest of Us ! " Has a link for donations to SarahPAC .
Prayer Warriors for Sarah Palin ( associated with the web page of same name )
Join Team Sarah Blog Talk Radio , started c. 11/10/09 , 1100 fans to date , whose stated purpose is to funnel new members to Team Sarah .
Like the Team Sarah site seems to , the Facebook page mostly promotes Sarah herself as opposed to issues and values -- announcing Sarah 's appearances on O'Reilly and " Greta ; " asking for donations to SarahPAC ; promoting Sarah 's faith credentials ; promoting a book called THE PERSECUTION OF SARAH PALIN .
The opinions expressed on JTSBTR are predictably along rightest - wing lines : e.g. Fox News is the only true source ( one commenter wrote that the others are " Pravda imitators " ) .
Discussing NBC's Andrea Mitchell trying to ask questions of Palin at a book tour event , a fan called Mitchell " a real bad , sick little troll " and asserted that Mitchell was persisting in her questions because she was sexually attracted to Palin .
The page administrator 's approving response was " LOL . "
The administrator herself called Mitchell " deranged . "
To the JTSBTR site administrator 's call for supporters to join the Prayer Warriors ' Facebook page came this response .
It is not typical of the comments to that post thus far , but it 's noteworthy :
Every tongue that rises up against Sarah Palin shall be condemned and proof [ sic ] to be in the wrong , may all her enemies be silenced , confused and turning against themselves , no evil shall befall Sarah nor her family , nor any plague come near their dwelling , may her enemies fall into their own snares and nets .
Lord , convict the hearts of all that have slandered and try to bring calamity to Sarah Palin , and her family , and may there be fruit of repentance .
We pray for divine - protection over Sarah Palin and her family , in Jesus name amen !
In her fear of " the other " the commenter is flatly ignoring the Christian message of love -- even Jesus himself did n't condemn those who tortured him to death .
She 's negating the American tradition of the right to disagree openly , as protected by our First Amendment .
She may be extreme , even for the JTSBTR uberfans , but her words magnificently exemplify one half of our gigantic cultural divide .
Overall lessons and questions raised by the Palin / Palinista presence on the internet :
1 . Who is funding TeamSarah ?
Is it a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) or other form of nonprofit , and if so , is it operating within the regulations , and according to its stated purpose ?
2 . How can we can communicate effectively across the great cultural divide ?
We are unable to talk to each other because we are operating under two ( or more ) completely different sets of beliefs , assumptions and " facts . "
Sarah 's uberfans , like most ultraconservatives , show a willingness to attack in response to anyone who states a fact or opinion that does n't fit with their gospel ( even when it 's just to point out Sarah 's rising unfavaorable rating as reported by Gallup ) .
And , often without justification but sometimes with justification , Palinistas feel attacked by " the left . "
What do we do about that ?
For my money , the lack of civility at all levels of political discourse is one of the most disheartening things about our life today .
3. Palin and her wildly committed fans are not going away any time soon .
They are anxious to be a force in ' 10 and certainly in ' 12 .
How do we address that in practical terms ?
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The nation 's unemployment rate rose above 10 % for the first time since 1983 in October , a much worse jump than expected as employers continued to trim jobs from payrolls .
The reading , reported by the government Friday , is a sign of the continued weakness in the labor market even though the economy grew in the third quarter following the longest and deepest downturn since the Great Depression .
The government reported that the unemployment rate spiked to 10.2 % , up from 9.8 % in September .
It is the highest that this rate has been since April 1983 .
Economists had forecast an increase to 9.9 % .
There was also a net loss of 190,000 jobs in October , according to the Labor Department , an improvement from a revised estimate of 219,000 job losses in September .
However , economists surveyed by Briefing.com had forecast a loss of only 175,000 jobs in October .
This was the 22nd straight month of job losses .
" The only good news is the number of layoffs are dropping off , but those who are laid off still are n't finding jobs , " said David Wyss , chief economist with Standard & Poor's .
The jump in the unemployment rate was driven up by a large drop in the number of people who describe themselves as self - employed , as well as the number of teenagers who have jobs .
The unemployment rate for teenagers in the labor force soared to 27.6 % , up 1.8 percentage points and hitting a third straight record high .
Both teen workers and the self - employed are not captured very well in the government 's separate survey of employers that is used to calculate the number of people on U.S. payrolls .
That explains much of the disconnect between fewer job losses overall and the much worse unemployment rate .
The rise in unemployment was not spread evenly across the population .
For those with college degrees , the unemployment rate fell to 4.7 % from 4.9 % in September , as the unemployment rate for those in management , professional , and related occupations slipped to 4.7 % from 5.2 % .
But the unemployment rate for production jobs , such as factory workers , jumped to 14.5 % from 14.1 % .
The jobless rate for workers in construction , maintenance or natural resources industries such as mining rose to 15.5 % from 14.3 % .
" There 's a real mismatch between the unemployed people out there compared to what job openings are available , " said John Silvia , chief economist with Wells Fargo Securities .
He said construction workers who lost a job when the housing bubble burst do n't have the skills to compete for jobs in sectors that are hiring , such as health care and technology .
Government efforts to end job losses have had limited effects , although the Obama administration estimated last month that 640,000 jobs were created or saved by the federal stimulus package passed earlier this year .
But that 's modest compared to the 7.3 million jobs that have been lost since the start of 2008 .
Christina Romer , chair of the President 's Council of Economic Advisors , said the steady decline in monthly job losses since earlier this year is a hopeful sign for the economy .
But she acknowledged there 's still significant pain for those looking for work .
" Having the unemployment rate reach double - digits is a stark reminder of how much work remains to be done before American families see the job gains and reduced unemployment that they need and deserve , " she said .
Friday 's report comes one day after Congress voted overwhelmingly to extend unemployment benefits by up to 20 weeks .
There are now a record 5.6 million people who have been unemployed for six months or longer , as the average time an unemployed person has been out of a job hit 26.9 weeks .
Prior to this report , most economists had believed that the unemployment rate would keep rising and that job losses would continue into next year .
But the jump in unemployment in October took it to levels worse than what many previously had expected to be the peak .
According to a survey of top forecasters by the National Association of Business Economics last month , the consensus estimate among economists was that unemployment would hit a high of 10 % in the final three months of this year and the first quarter of 2010 .
The five economists with the most bearish forecasts had expected unemployment to rise to 10.2 % in the fourth quarter of this year before hitting 10.5 % in the first half of next year .
Wyss is one of those economists who had projected an unemployment rate of 10.5 % in the middle of next year .
He said Friday 's report may force him to raise his worst case estimate .
" Some things are n't playing out the way I expected them to , " he said .
" There 's just no good news in this report . "
But others said they see some early signs of life for the labor market .
Sung Won Sohn , economics professor at California State University Channel Islands , noted that the biggest increase in temporary employees in two years took place in October .
Employers typically bring in workers on a temporary basis before deciding to make more permanent hires .
As such , he expects gains in payrolls by next spring .
" Despite the gloomy job picture , there are some encouraging signs , " he said .
Congress approves extended jobless benefits
Look who 's hiring now
Jobs will return - in 2012
A few years ago , a large controversy was set in motion in the international scientific community about the possible existence of fossilized life forms in a Martian meteorite that crash - landed in Antarctica .
The piece of rock , known as ALH 84001 , was then believed by some to contain certain proof that life existed on the Red Planet sometime in the past .
Skeptics were naturally less than willing to accept that , and proposed that cross-contamination may have been responsible for the discovery .
Just recently , results of a new set of analysis have demonstrated that a non-biological explanation for how the structures formed is unfeasible and impossible .
This of course means that only a biological explanation for the formation of the worm - like structures can be possible .
The meteorite arrived on our planet more than 13,000 years ago , after floating through space for more than 16 million years .
When it was originally studied , in 1996 , the meteorite hinted that it may contain biological samples , but critics dismissed this claim , saying that a non-biological explanation could be found to explain them .
In the recent investigation , a team of experts at the NASA Johnson Space Center , led by Chief Scientist for Astrobiology David S. McKay , looked at the rock again , using technology that was not available to science 13 years ago , Times Online reports .
McKay was the author of the 1996 paper postulating the existence of life on Mars .
The paper appeared in the August 16 , 1996 issue of the top journal Science .
“ This is very strong evidence of life on Mars .
We feel vindicated .
We ’ve shown the alternate explanation is absolutely incorrect , leading us back to our original position that these structures are formed by bacteria on Mars , ” McKay says .
The team used a technique known as high - resolution electron microscopy in order to study the physical and chemical make - up of the rock sample .
They discovered no plausible geological scenario to pinpoint at a different kind of origin for the small fossils .
The biological theory is therefore back on the table .
“ Until now I was on the fence but this paper has really thrown out the non-biological explanation , ” says University of Nevada astrobiologist Dennis Bazylinski , who was a member of the peer panel that reviewed the Johnson team 's new work .
He believes , however , that a single find is not enough to prove for certain that bacterial - like life existed , or still exists , on the Red Planet .
“ One meteorite is never going to answer such a complex question , ” argues Bazylinski .
Details of McKay 's work will be published in the November issue of the scientific journal Geochimica et Cosmochimica Act .
Nakhla and Yamato 593 are two other Martian rocks , which are also under investigation by the Johnson team .
The complete analysis results will be published shortly , but the team says that these rocks contain signs of microbial life too , which must have come from the Red Planet .
If the find is confirmed , then we may be at the dawn of a new age .
In 1997 , when the original work was published , even then - President Bill Clinton made a public announcement .
The find “ speaks of the possibility of life .
If this discovery is confirmed , it will surely be one of the most stunning insights into our Universe that science has ever uncovered .
Its implications are as far - reaching and awe - inspiring as can be imagined , ” he said at the time .
Birther Site Is Already Lying About Ft. Hood Shooter and Obama
Created : November 06 , 2009 11:04 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Conspiracy - theorist Website WorldNetDaily posts the inevitable “ connection ” between Fort Hood shooter Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan and President Obama , and it possesses the same level of rigor and responsibility we ’ve come to expect from the leading source of disinformation that the president was n’t born an American .
Under the headline “ Shooter Advised Obama Transition , ” Jerome Corsi — he of the Swift Boat liars — writes :
Maj .
Nidal Malik Hasan , the alleged shooter in yesterday ’s massacre at Fort Hood , played a homeland security advisory role in President Barack Obama ’s transition into the White House , according to a key university policy institute document .
The Homeland Security Policy Institute at George Washington University published a document May 19 , entitled “ Thinking Anew – Security Priorities for the Next Administration : Proceedings Report of the HSPI Presidential Transition Task Force , April 2008 – January 2009 , ” in which Hasan of the Uniformed Services University School of Medicine is listed on page 29 of the document as a Task Force Event Participant .
Wrong !
So thoroughly , thoroughly wrong !
That GWU document no more “ advised ” the Obama transition than did the flurry of think - tank documents and advisory strategies put out by endless interest groups .
It had , and therefore Hasan had , absolutely no connection to the Obama administration .
Here , for instance , is a story I wrote in November about one such strategy “ advisory ” paper prepared by the civil liberties community for the Obama transition about counterterrorism strategies .
Really , this is as stupid as saying that a guy who writes a letter to The New York Times “ advised ” editor Bill Keller .
For the sane version of this story , please see Danger Room ’s Noah Shachtman :
In May — a few weeks after his pro-bomber post — he attended a meeting of the Homeland Security Policy Institute ’s presidential transition task force .
Hasan attended a meeting of a private organization that gave the transition some unsolicited advice .
To a group of conspiracy theorists , this is the “ connection . ”
How long before Fox News picks up the story ?
This page is a catalogue that will be kept up to date pointing to selected sources of code and data related to climate science .
Please keep us informed of any things we might have missed , or any updates to the links that are needed .
Solar System Calculations ( JPL Horizons )
These are weather models which have the real world observations assimilated into the solution to provide a ‘ best guess ’ of the evolution of weather over time ( although pre-satellite era estimates ( before 1979 ) are less accurate ) .
These is output from the large scale global models used to assess climate change in the past , and make projections for the future .
Some of this output is also available via the Data Visualisation tools linked below .
CMIP3 output ( ~20 models , as used by IPCC AR4 ) at PCMDI
GISS ModelE output ( includes AR4 output as well as more specific experiments )
GFDL Model output
Downloadable codes for some of the GCMs .
This category include links to analysis tools , simpler models or models focussed on more specific issues .
These sites include some of the above data ( as well as other sources ) in an easier to handle form .
Much bigger indexes of data sources :
( CNN ) --
As authorities confirmed the " balloon boy " saga was a hoax , they checked the vessel created by Richard Heene to see whether it could have actually carried his 6 - year - old son Falcon .
The balloon is displayed at the sheriff 's department in Fort Collins , Colorado , on Sunday .
During the incident Thursday , when Heene said his 37 - pound son may have been inside the flying - saucer - shaped balloon , the sheriff 's department contacted a specialist at Colorado State University to determine whether it could carry the child .
Based on the dimensions for the balloon that Heene provided at the time , the specialist " determined that it was , in fact , possible for this balloon to have launched , " Larimer County Sheriff Jim Alderden told reporters Sunday .
But after they recovered the balloon and checked the actual measurements , authorities discovered " it was not capable of lifting off " with the boy on board , Alderden said .
The reason , according to the sheriff , is that the contraption weighs 18 pounds more than what Heene said .
Watch sheriff say , " This is a hoax " »
Authorities have also tested the base part of the balloon , into which Heene said his son may have crawled .
Alderden said that section consisted of a very thin piece of plywood and cardboard sides held together by string and duct tape .
" Certainly we wanted to question whether that was strong enough to support the weight of Falcon , " he said .
Alderden said they came to a " bizarre " finding , that the section actually could handle 37 pounds without breaking .
However , in order to go airborne with those 37 pounds inside , the base would need to be attached to a more powerful balloon , he said .
All About Larimer County
By Emma Wilkinson
Health reporter , BBC News
Osteoporosis is a common condition which causes bones to break easily Women who have had a fracture are not getting treatment to prevent them having future bone breaks , a Cambridge University study suggests .
An audit covering 1,600 women presenting to a specialist clinic with a fracture showed that 31 % had suffered a previous break .
Yet only 28 % had been put on recommended bone - protective drugs .
A GPs ' leader said more could be done to find women at risk , but side - effects stopped some patients taking the drugs .
Normal ageing can lead to osteoporosis , a condition in which bones become fragile and break easily .
The fractures are most common in bones of the spine , wrists and hips .
Someone needs to take responsibility for deciding whether a patient should be treated
Professor Julie Compston , study leader Women are more at risk after the menopause because they lose oestrogen which protects bones from damage .
Current guidelines from the National Institute of Health and Clinical Excellence say that women over the age of 75 who have had a fracture should automatically be offered preventive treatment with drugs such as bisphosphonates .
Because of the high risk of future fracture after a break , postmenopausal women under the age of 75 are supposed to have a bone density scan before being offered treatment if necessary .
Some experts argue that the guidelines do not go far enough , and more women with signs of bone - weakening should be offered protective therapy .
Poor uptake
In the latest analysis , 526 of 1641 postmenopausal women attending a fracture clinic had previously had a bone break , the QJM journal reported .
Overall , 27 % of those were taking a bisphosphonate or other treatment such as calcium or vitamin D supplements .
Among the over - 75s , only 45 % were receiving bone protective therapy .
The study leader , Professor Julia Compston , said some areas of England may be better than others but the low levels of treatment found in the study were " broadly applicable " to the rest of the country .
She said reasons for lack of treatment included poor recording of fractures in patient notes ; absence of incentives for GPs to treat osteoporosis , unlike many other chronic conditions ; and the fact that patients " get lost " between hospitals and GPs because of poor communication .
" Someone needs to take responsibility for deciding whether a patient should be treated and there are a lot of processes that can fall down .
" Patients also need to be better informed that they might need treatment . "
In some areas of the country access to scans to measure bone density is problematic , she added .
Professor Steve Field , chairman of the Royal College of GPs , said the study highlighted the fact that more could be done to make sure treatment was available .
" But these drugs can have very unpleasant side - effects - so some patients are offered them but stop taking them , " he said .
" Exercise and diet are also important . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Venezuela ’s government will create a new state - run financial institution out of four private banks that were shut down this week for alleged accounting irregularities , President Hugo Chavez said Sunday .
“ We will create another large bank … as a result of a merger ” between the closed institutions , Chavez announced on his weekly television and radio program “ Alo Presidente . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The new bank , to be called Banco Bicentenario — in honor of Venezuela ’s 200th anniversary of independence next year — will be created from the remains of Confederado , Central , Bolivar and Banco Real , all shuttered to investigate the alleged irregularities .
State bank Banfoandes will also be involved in the merger , he added .
Along with those institutions , the Chavez administration also closed down Banco Canarias and BanPro .
Thursday , in announcing Confederado and Bolivar ’s closure , Chavez pledged the banks “ will become part of the public financial system . ”
Since taking office in 2007 , Chavez has moved to control firms in the electricity production , cement , steel , oil services and banking industries .
ADVERTISEMENT
More than 70 percent of the Venezuelan banking sector is privately owned , but the state has become the main financial actor , having nationalized in May Banco de Venezuela , the country ’s third - largest bank and previously under the ownership of Spanish group Santander .
The leftist Chavez has indicated he may target more private banks , which he accused of having forsaken their lending “ mission ” in order to specialize in “ financial speculation . ”
The Icarus project is a home brew project to send a camera high into the stratosphere to take pictures of the Earth from near space .
The camera is enclosed in a flight box and attached to a helium weather balloon which lifts the camera to an altitude of approximately 35,000 meters above sea level .
The camera is controlled by a small micro computer which takes pictures at timed intervals in various directions .
Other sensors to measure temperature , barometric pressure and altitude are incorporated into the flight box .
The on board computer transmits location and altitude data to the ground station .
This information is transmitted using radio teletype ( RTTY ) which is faster and more reliable than CW ( Morse Code ) .
A secondary communication system will soon be implemented using a GSM / GPS tracking device to aid recovery of the payload .
Pictures can found here on flickr
Email address
Team Members ( Currently 1 )
Robert Harrison
Team Lead
Electronics
Programmer
Communications
Photography
Flight Box
Camera Servo
Camera
AVR Microprocessor
Radio Transmitter
GPS ( Module )
GPS / GSM ( Tracker )
Temperature Sensors
Power Supply ( Battery )
Sid Meier 's Alpha Centauri is a turn - based strategy computer game , where the player controls one of several human factions on a planet orbiting Alpha Centauri .
It is similar to the Civilization series of games .
However , being a science fiction game set over 100 years in the future from the time of its design , the designers had wide latitude to develop a backstory to go along with the game , which they enriched with quotes and fictional works by the game 's seven playable leaders , as well as their followers and several real - world thinkers and writers .
An expansion to the game was later released .
Sid Meier 's Alien Crossfire doubled the number of playable factions , and incorporated new technologies and secret projects into the game .
The expansion has become considerably rare even compared to the original .
University of Planet [ edit ]
The substructure of the universe regresses infinitely towards smaller and smaller components .
Behind atoms we find electrons , and behind electrons , quarks .
Each layer unraveled reveals new secrets , but also new mysteries .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " For I Have Tasted the Fruit " Accompanies the Advanced Subatomic
Theory technology
This unusual specimen is not so much a classic particle as a connector -- a kind of string attaching two particles .
As distance increases the connective power becomes attenuated , but if it is cut the power vanishes : forever .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " For I Have Tasted the Fruit " Accompanies the Graviton Theory technology
In one moment , Earth ; in the next , Heaven .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " For I Have Tasted the Fruit " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Space Elevator "
Man 's unfailing capacity to believe what he prefers to be true rather than what the evidence shows to be likely and possible has always astounded me .
We long for a caring Universe which will save us from our childish mistakes , and in the face of mountains of evidence to the contrary we will pin all our hopes on the slimmest of doubts .
God has not been proven not to exist , therefore he must exist .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " For I Have Tasted the Fruit " Accompanies the Intellectual Integrity technology
What actually transpires beneath the veil of an event horizon ?
Decent people should n't think too much about that . "
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " For I Have Tasted The Fruit " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Singularity Inductor "
We have reached an informational threshold which can only be crossed by harnessing the speed of light directly .
The quickest computations require the fastest possible particles moving along the shortest paths .
Since the capability now exists to take our information directly from photons traveling molecular paths , the final act of the information revolution will soon be upon us .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " For I Have Tasted the Fruit " Accompanies the Optical Computers technology
Time travel in the classic sense has no place in rational theory , but temporal distortion does exist on the quantum level , and more importantly it can be controlled .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " For I Have Tasted the Fruit " Accompanies the Temporal Mechanics technology
There are two kinds of scientific progress : the methodical experimentation and categorization which gradually extend the boundaries of knowledge , and the revolutionary leap of genius which redefines and transcends those boundaries .
Acknowledging our debt to the former , we yearn , nonetheless , for the latter .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " Address to the Faculty " Accompanies the Nonlinear Mathematics technology
To map the very stuff of life ; to look into the genetic mirror and watch a million generations march past .
That , friends , is both our curse and our proudest achievement .
For it is in reaching to our beginnings that we begin to learn who we truly are .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " Address to the Faculty " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Human Genome Project "
Begin with a function of arbitrary complexity .
Feed it values , " sense data " .
Then , take your result , square it , and feed it back into your original function , adding a new set of sense data .
Continue to feed your results back into the original function ad infinitum .
What do you have ?
The fundamental principle of human consciousness .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " The Feedback Principle " Accompanies the Pre-Sentient Algorithms technology
The first living thing to go through the device was a small white rat .
I still have him , in fact .
As you can see , the damage was not so great as they say .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " See How They Run " Accompanies the Matter Transmission technology
The popular stereotype of the researcher is that of a skeptic and a pessimist .
Nothing could be further from the truth !
Scientists must be optimists at heart , in order to block out the incessant chorus of those who say " It can not be done . "
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , University Commencement Accompanies the Skunkworks facility
Have you ever wondered why clouds behave in such familiar ways when each specimen is so unique ?
Or why the energy exchange market is so unpredictable ?
In the coming age we must develop and apply nonlinear mathematical models to real world phenomena .
We shall seek , and find , the hidden fractal keys which can unravel the chaos around us .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , University Commencement Accompanies the Hologram
Theatre facility
The Academician 's private residences shall remain off - limits to the Genetic Inspectors .
We possess no retroviral capability , we are not researching retroviral engineering , and we shall not allow this Council to violate faction privileges in the name of this ridiculous witch hunt ! "
Fedor Petrov , Vice Provost for University Affairs Accompanies the Retroviral Engineering technology
Let the Gaians preach their silly religion , but one way or the other I shall see this compound burned , seared , and sterilized until every hiding place is found and until every last Mind Worm egg , every last slimy one , has been cooked to a smoking husk .
That species shall be exterminated , I tell you !
Exterminated !
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , Lab Three aftermath Accompanies the Temple of Planet facility
The genetic code does not , and cannot , specify the nature and position of every capillary in the body or every neuron in the brain .
What it can do is describe the underlying fractal pattern which creates them .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " Nonlinear Genetics " Accompanies the Gene Splicing technology
do is describe the underlying fractal pattern which creates them .
Remember , genes are NOT blueprints .
This means you can't , for example , insert " the genes for an elephant 's trunk " into a giraffe and get a giraffe with a trunk .
There are no genes for trunks .
What you CAN do with genes is chemistry , since DNA codes for chemicals .
For instance , we can in theory splice the native plants ' talent for nitrogen fixation into a terran plant .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " Nonlinear Genetics " Accompanies the Centauri Genetics technology
no genes for trunks .
What you CAN do with genes is chemistry , since DNA codes for chemicals .
For instance , we can in theory splice the native plants ' talent for nitrogen fixation into a terran plant .
It is a medical commonplace that the tissues of the human body replace themselves regularly , essentially creating an entirely new body every seven years .
From whence then come cancer and the slow degeneration of age ?
They exist as faults in the patterns of intelligence within the genes themselves ; by reprogramming these smallest parts , the whole becomes well .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " Nonlinear Genetics " Accompanies the Nanohospital facility
A brave little theory , and actually quite coherent for a system of five or seven dimensions -- if only we lived in one .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " Now We Are Alone " Accompanies the Superstring Theory technology
Time dilates as the speed of light approaches .
To the extent that light consists of particles , it is in its own way , timeless .
Through simple perturbations of the temporal manifold , we can refract or repel photons most efficiently .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " Now We Are Alone " Accompanies the Photon / Wave Mechanics technology
Imagine the entire contents of the planetary datalinks , the sum total of human knowledge , blasted into the Planetmind 's fragile neural network with the full force of every reactor on the planet .
That is our last - ditch attempt to win humanity a reprieve from extinction at the hands of an awakened alien god .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov , " Planet Speaks " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Voice of Planet " Allows all players to begin the race to a Transcendence victory
Lord 's Believers [ edit ]
The righteous need not cower before the drumbeat of human progress .
Though the song of yesterday fades into the challenge of tomorrow , God still watches and judges us .
Evil lurks in the datalinks as it lurked in the streets of yesteryear .
But it was never the streets that were evil .
Sister Miriam Godwinson , " The Blessed Struggle " Accompanies the Information Networks technology
And so we return again to the holy void .
Some say this is simply our destiny , but I would have you remember always that the void EXISTS , just as surely as you or I .
Is nothingness any less a miracle than substance ?
Sister Miriam Godwinson , " We Must Dissent " Accompanies the Advanced Spaceflight technology
Men in their arrogance claim to understand the nature of creation , and devise elaborate theories to describe its behavior .
But always they discover in the end that God was quite a bit more clever than they thought .
Sister Miriam Godwinson , " We Must Dissent " Accompanies the Quantum Machinery technology
Will we next create false gods to rule over us ?
How proud we have become , and how blind .
Sister Miriam Godwinson , " We Must Dissent " Accompanies the Secret Project " Self - Aware Colony "
And what of the immortal soul in such transactions ?
Can this machine transmit and reattach it as well ?
Or is it lost forever , leaving a soulless body to wander the world in despair ?
Sister Miriam Godwinson , " We Must Dissent " Accompanies the Secret Project " Bulk Matter Transmitter "
Already we have turned all of our critical industries , all of our material resources , over to these ... things ... these lumps of silver and paste we call nanorobots .
And now we propose to teach them intelligence ?
What , pray tell , will we do when these little homunculi awaken one day announce that they have no further need for us ?
Sister Miriam Godwinson , " We Must Dissent " Accompanies the Industrial Nanorobotics technology
Some would ask , how could a perfect God create a universe filled with so much that is evil .
They have missed a greater conundrum : why would a perfect God create a universe at all ?
Sister Miriam Godwinson , " But for the Grace of God " Accompanies the Controlled Singularity technology
As distances vanish and the people can flow freely from place to place , society will cross a psychological specific heat boundary and enter a new state .
No longer a solid or liquid , we have become as a vapor and will expand to fill all available space .
And like a gas , we shall not be easily contained .
Sister Miriam Godwinson , " But for the Grace of God " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Planetary Transit System "
Beware , you who seek first and final principles , for you are trampling the garden of an angry God and he awaits you just beyond the last theorem .
Sister Miriam Godwinson , " But for the Grace of God " Accompanies the Unified Field Theory technology
At atrociously high energy states , the properties of matter change subtly and new miracles become possible .
The Plasma Accretion process is now dangerous and difficult to control , but its products will soon become commonplace in our society .
Sister Miriam Godwinson , " The Lord Works " Accompanies the High Energy Chemistry technology
The Morgans fear what may not be purchased , for a trader cannot comprehend a thing that is priceless .
Sister Miriam Godwinson , " The Collected Sermons " Accompanies the Planetary Economics technology
Go through , my children !
The time of miracles is upon us .
Let us cast off sin and walk together to the Garden of the Lord .
With God 's mercy we shall meet again on the other side .
Sister Miriam Godwinson , " Last Testament " Accompanies the Psi Gate facility
Spartan Federation [ edit ]
Superior training and superior weaponry have , when taken together , a geometric effect on overall military strength .
Well - trained , well - equipped troops can stand up to many more times their lesser brethren than linear arithmetic would seem to indicate .
Spartan Battle Manual Accompanies the Command Center facility
Information , the first principle of warfare , must form the foundation of all your efforts .
Know , of course , thine enemy .
But in knowing him do not forget above all to know thyself .
The commander who embraces this totality of battle shall win even with inferior force .
Spartan Battle Manual Accompanies the Secret Project " The Command Nexus "
Against such abominations , we organize our defenses on the principle that one strong and able mind can shield the many .
Spartan Battle Manual Accompanies the Secret Project " The Neural Amplifier "
Air power rests at the apex of the first triad of victory , for it combines Mobility , Flexibility , and Initiative .
Spartan Battle Manual Accompanies the Doctrine : Air Power technology
He held his arm too stiffly , and so was thrown back repeatedly , until at last I seized his forearm and snapped it back against itself .
His training suffered while the arm healed , of course , but I felt this was a lesson he must learn early , and well .
Spartan Kel , " Honing the Ki " Accompanies the Doctrine : Flexibility technology
The klaxon began to wail , but we felt the reassuring tingle of the Tachyon Field crackling to life around us , encasing the entire base in its impenetrable glow .
Spartan Kel , " The Fall of Sparta " Accompanies the Tachyon Field facility
Man has killed man from the beginning of time , and each new frontier has brought new ways and new places to die .
Why should the future be different ?
Col. Corazon Santiago , " Planet : A Survivalist 's Guide " Accompanies the Advanced Military Algorithms technology
Proper care and education for our children remains a cornerstone of our entire colonization effort .
Children not only shape our future ; they determine in many ways our present .
Men and women work harder knowing their children are safe and close at hand , and never forget that , with children present , parents will defend their home to the death !
Col. Corazon Santiago , " Planet : A Survivalist 's Guide " Accompanies the Children 's Creche facility
I have often been asked : if we have traveled between the stars , why can we not launch the simplest of orbital probes ?
These fools fail to understand the difficulty of finding the appropriate materials on this Planet , of developing adequate power supplies , and creating the infrastructure necessary to support such an effort .
In short , we have struggled under the limitations of a colonial society on a virgin planet .
Until now .
Col. Corazon Santiago , " Planet : A Survivalist 's Guide " Accompanies the Orbital Spaceflight technology
It is altogether fitting that we who have sailed the deeps of space now return again to the sea .
This is in many ways a water planet , and it can be ruled from the waves .
With sea power , rugged terrain can be bypassed and enemy strongholds isolated .
Once naval superiority is achieved , Planet is ours for the taking .
Col. Corazon Santiago , " Planet : A Survivalist 's Guide " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Maritime Control Center "
Industrial Grade Nano - Paste , one of Planet 's most valuable commodities , can also be one of its most dangerous .
Simply pour out several canisters , slide in a programming transponder , and step well away while the stuff cooks .
In under an hour the nano will use available materials to assemble a small factory , a hovertank , or enough rifles to equip a regiment .
Col. Corazon Santiago , " Planet : A Survivalist 's Guide " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Nano Factory "
Our scientists now use fractal theory to " teach " the molecules to assume , or resume , a particular form .
Substances of amazing strength become simple once the formulae are properly computed .
Col. Corazon Santiago , " The Council of War " Accompanies the Nanometallurgy technology
We shall take only the greatest minds , the finest soldiers , the most faithful servants .
We shall multiply them a thousandfold and release them to usher in a new era of glory .
Col. Corazon Santiago , " The Council of War " Accompanies the Secret Project " Cloning Vats "
A ship at sea is its own world .
To be the captain of a ship is to be the unquestionable ruler of that world and requires all of the leadership skills of a prince or minister .
Col. Corazon Santiago , " Leadership and the Sea " Accompanies the Doctrine : Initiative technology
Until now the battle had been proceeding smoothly .
The enemy was outflanked and had been driven from the reactor housing , but against the reactor itself the matter cannons were strangely ineffective .
Rounds simply ... stopped .
In mid-air .
Col. Corazon Santiago , " A Tactical History of Sparta "
I do n't know but I 've been told , Deirdre 's got a Network Node .
Likes to press the on - off switch , Dig that crazy Gaian witch !
Spartan Barracks March Accompanies the Network Node facility
Mary had a little lamb , Little lamb little lamb , Mary had a little lamb , whose fleece was white as snow .
Assassins ' Redoubt Final Transmission Accompanies the Secret Project " The Dream Twister "
A handsome young cyborg named Ace , wooed women at every base , but once ladies glanced at his special enhancement , they vanished with nary a trace .
Barracks Graffiti , Sparta Command Accompanies the Secret Project " The Cyborg Factory "
Peacekeeping Forces [ edit ]
As the Americans learned so painfully in Earth 's final century , free flow of information is the only safeguard against tyranny .
The once - chained people whose leaders at last lose their grip on information flow will soon burst with freedom and vitality , but the free nation gradually constricting its grip on public discourse has begun its rapid slide into despotism .
Beware of he who would deny you access to information , for in his heart he dreams himself your master .
Commissioner Pravin Lal , " U.N. Declaration of Rights " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Planetary Datalinks "
Our ancestors harnessed the power of a sun , and so again shall we .
Comissioner Pravin Lal , " The Science of Our Fathers " Accompanies the Fusion Power technology
I loved my chosen .
How then to face the day when she left me ?
So I took from her body a single cell , perhaps to love her again .
Commissioner Pravin Lal , " Time of Bereavement " Accompanies the Biomachinery technology
I think , and my thoughts cross the barrier into the synapses of the machine - just as the good doctor intended .
But what I cannot shake , and what hints at things to come , is that thoughts cross back .
In my dreams the sensibility of the machine invades the periphery of my consciousness .
Dark .
Rigid .
Cold .
Alien .
Evolution is at work here , but just what is evolving remains to be seen .
Commissioner Pravin Lal , " Man and Machine " Accompanies the Neural Grafting technology
Until quite recently spider silk had the highest tensile strength known to man .
And the name silksteel pays homage to the arachnid for good reason .
Commissioner Pravin Lal , " U.N. Scientific Survey " Accompanies the Silksteel Alloys technology
In the years since our arrival , we have foolishly disrupted so many of Planet 's ecosystems that entire species may vanish without our ever having understood , or even known them .
We must halt this plunder , and halt it immediately , for our own survival as a species depends on our ability to strike a balance on this world .
Commissioner Pravin Lal , " Mind Worm , Mind Worm " Accompanies the Centauri Preserve facility
The Mind Worms are the natural defenses of the living Planet -- the white blood cells , if you will .
In a world in which unassimilated thought represents danger , the Mind Worm seeks out concentrations of sentient mental energy and destroys them , ruthlessly and efficiently .
Commissioner Pravin Lal , " Mind Worm , Mind Worm " Accompanies the Centauri Psi technology
I hold a scrap of paper in the darkness and light it .
I watch it burn bright and curl , disappearing into nothingness , and the heat burns my fingers .
Where has it gone ?
What has it become ?
I cannot shake the feeling that I have witnessed a form of transcendence .
Commissioner Pravin Lal , " The Convergence " Accompanies the Mass to Energy facility
The entire character of a base and its inhabitants can be absorbed in a quick trip to the Rec Commons .
The sweaty arenas of Fort Legion , the glittering gambling halls of Morgan Bank , the sunny lovers ' trysts in Gaia 's High Garden , or the somber reading rooms of U.N. Headquarters .
Even the feeding bay at the Hive gives stark insight into the sleeping demons of Yang 's communal utopia .
Commissioner Pravin Lal , " A Social History of Planet " Accompanies the Recreation Commons facility
Once a man has changed the relationship between himself and his environment , he cannot return to the blissful ignorance he left .
Motion , of necessity , involves a change in perspective .
Commissioner Pravin Lal , " A Social History of Planet " Accompanies the Doctrine : Mobility technology
Scientific theories are judged by the coherence they lend to our natural experience and the simplicity with which they do so .
The grand principle of the heavens balances on the razor 's edge of truth .
Commissioner Pravin Lal , " A History of Science " Accompanies the Applied Physics technology
The Warrior 's bland acronym , MMI , obscures the true horror of this monstrosity .
Its inventors promise a new era of genius , but meanwhile unscrupulous power brokers use its forcible installation to violate the sanctity of unwilling human minds .
They are creating their own private army of demons .
Commissioner Pravin Lal , " Report on Human Rights " Accompanies the Mind / Machine Interface technology
Human Hive [ edit ]
Learn to overcome the crass demands of flesh and bone , for they warp the matrix through which we perceive the world .
Extend your awareness outward , beyond the self of body , to embrace the self of group and the self of humanity .
The goals of the group and the greater race are transcendent , and to embrace them is to achieve enlightenment .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang , " Essays on Mind and Matter " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Ascetic Virtues "
I maintain nonetheless that yin -yang dualism can be overcome .
With sufficient enlightenment we can give substance to any distinction : mind without body , north without south , pleasure without pain .
Remember , enlightenment is a function of willpower , not of physical strength .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang , " Essays on Mind and Matter " Accompanies the Monopole Magnets technology
What do I care for your suffering ?
Pain , even agony , is no more than information before the senses , data fed to the computer of the mind .
The lesson is simple : you have received the information , now act on it .
Take control of the input and you shall become master of the output .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang , " Essays on Mind and Matter " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Virtual World "
My gift to industry is the genetically engineered worker , or Genejack .
Specially designed for labor , the Genejack 's muscles and nerves are ideal for his task , and the cerebral cortex has been atrophied so that he can desire nothing except to perform his duties .
Tyranny , you say ?
How can you tyrannize someone who cannot feel pain ?
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang , " Essays on Mind and Matter " Accompanies the Genejack Factory facility
Einstein would turn over in his grave .
Not only does God play dice , the dice are loaded .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang , " Looking God in the Eye " Accompanies the Probability Mechanics technology
Technological advance is an inherently iterative process .
One does not simply take sand from the beach and produce a Dataprobe .
We use crude tools to fashion better tools , and then our better tools to fashion more precise tools , and so on .
Each minor refinement is a step in the process , and all of the steps must be taken .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang , " Looking God in the Eye " Accompanies the Polymorphic Software technology
Why do you insist that the human genetic code is " sacred " or " taboo " ?
It is a chemical process and nothing more .
For that matter - we- are chemical processes and nothing more .
If you deny yourself a useful tool simply because it reminds you uncomfortably of your mortality , you have uselessly and pointlessly crippled yourself .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang , " Looking God in the Eye " Accompanies the Bio-Engineering technology
If our society seems more nihilistic than that of previous eras , perhaps this is simply a sign of our maturity as a sentient species .
As our collective consciousness expands beyond a crucial point , we are at last ready to accept life 's fundamental truth : that life 's only purpose is life itself .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang , " Looking God in the Eye " Accompanies the Planetary Networks technology
We hold life to be sacred , but we also know the foundation of life consists in a stream of codes not so different from the successive frames of a watchvid .
Why then can not we cut one code short here , and start another there ?
Is life so fragile that it can withstand no tampering ?
Does the sacred brook no improvement ?
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang , " Dynamics of Mind " Accompanies the Biogenetics technology
It is every citizen 's final duty to go into the tanks and become one with all the people .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang , " Ethics for Tomorrow " Accompanies the Recycling Tanks facility
Morgan Industries [ edit ]
Human behavior is economic behavior .
The particulars may vary but competition for limited resources remains a constant .
Need as well as greed has followed us to the stars and the rewards of wealth still await those wise enough to recognize this deep thrumming of our common pulse .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , " The Centauri Monopoly " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Merchant Exchange "
Our first challenge is to create an entire economic infrastructure , from top to bottom , out of whole cloth .
No gradual evolution from previous economic systems is possible , because there is no previous economic system .
Each interdependent piece must be materialized simultaneously and in perfect working order ; otherwise the system will crash out before it ever gets off the ground .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , " The Centauri Monopoly " Accompanies the Industrial Economics technology
no previous economic system .
Each interdependent piece must be materialized simultaneously and in perfect working order ; otherwise the system will crash out before it ever gets off the ground .
Energy is the currency of the future .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , " The Centauri Monopoly " Accompanies the Global Energy Theory technology
We estimate the during the next mission century most of Planet 's industries will be moved off - planet to Nessus Prime and other orbital facilities .
Many of our industries will benefit greatly from the low gravity environments available in space , particularly those involving genetically engineered microbes .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , " The Centauri Monopoly " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Living Refinery "
And when at last it is time for the transition from megacorporation to planetary government , from entrepreneur to emperor , it is then that the true genius of our strategy shall become apparent , for energy is the lifeblood of this society and when the chips are down he who controls the energy supply controls Planet .
In former times the energy monopoly was called " The Power Company " ; we intend to give this name an entirely new meaning .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , " The Centauri Monopoly " Accompanies the Quantum Converter facility
Planet 's Primary , Alpha Centauri A , blasts unimaginable quantities of energy into space each instant , and virtually every joule of it is wasted entirely .
Incomprehensible riches can be ours if we can but stretch our arms wide enough to dip from this eternal river of wealth .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , " The Centauri Monopoly " Accompanies the Orbital Power Transmitter facility
Life is merely an orderly decay of energy states , and survival requires the continual discovery of new energy to pump into the system .
He who controls the sources of energy controls the means of survival .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , " The Centauri Monopoly " Accompanies the Energy Bank facility
You ivory tower intellectuals must not lose touch with the world of industrial growth and hard currency .
It is all very well and good to pursue these high - minded scientific theories , but research grants are expensive .
You must justify your existence by providing not only knowledge but concrete and profitable applications as well .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , " The Ethics of Greed " Accompanies the Applied Relativity technology
Resources exist to be consumed .
And consumed they will be , if not by this generation then by some future .
By what right does this forgotten future seek to deny us our birthright ?
None I say !
Let us take what is ours , chew and eat our fill .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , " The Ethics of Greed " Accompanies the Industrial Base technology
Look at any photograph or work of art .
If you could duplicate exactly the first tiny dot of color , and then the next and the next , you would end with a perfect copy of the whole , indistinguishable from the original in every way , including the so - called " moral value " of the art itself .
Nothing can transcend its smallest elements .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , " The Ethics of Greed " Accompanies the Nanoreplicator facility
Richard Baxton piloted his Recon Rover into a fungal vortex and held off four waves of mind worms , saving an entire colony .
We immediately purchased his identity manifests and repackaged him into the Recon Rover Rick character with a multi-tiered media campaign : televids , touchbooks , holos , psi-tours -- the works .
People need heroes .
They do n't need to know how he died clawing his eyes out , screaming for mercy .
The real story would just hurt sales , and dampen the spirits of our customers .
" Mythology for Profit " , Morgan Stellartots Keynote Speech Accompanies the Hologram Theatre facility
What goes up … better doggone well stay up .
Morgan Gravitonics , Company Slogan Accompanies the Applied Gravitonics technology
Important ?
Yes !
Critical ?
Absolutely .
I would go so far as to say that super conducting fiber alone makes our present economy possible .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , MorganLink 3DVision Live Interview Accompanies the Superconductor technology
Yes , yes , we 've all heard the philosophers babble about " oneness " being " beautiful " and " holy " .
But let me tell you that this kind of oneness certainly is n't pretty and if you 're not careful it will scare the bejeezus out of you .
Anonymous Lab Technician , MorganLink 3DVision Live Interview Accompanies the Singularity Mechanics technology
kind of oneness certainly is n't pretty and if you 're not careful it will scare the bejeezus out of you .
Optical computers , genetic catalogs , nanorepair modules -- forget all of that .
It 's when you see a megaton of steel suspended over your head by a thread the thickness of a human hair that you really find God in technology .
Anonymous Metagenics Dockworker , MorganLink 3DVision Live Interview Accompanies the Super Tensile Solids technology
' Abort , Retry , Fail ? ' was the phrase some wormdog scrawled next to the door of the Edit Universe project room .
And when the new dataspinners started working , fabricating their worlds on the huge organic comp systems , we 'd remind them : if you see this message , always choose ' Retry . '
Bad'l Ron , Wakener , Morgan Polysoft Accompanies the Matter Editation technology
choose ' Retry . '
Organic Superlube ?
Oh , it 's great stuff , great stuff .
You really have to keep an eye on it , though - it'll try and slide away from you the first chance it gets .
T. M. Morgan - Reilly , Morgan Metagenics Accompanies the Organic Superlubricant technology
It will happen , and it will happen in our lifetimes .
Fusion Power is n't just the future .
Fusion Power is now .
T. M. Morgan - Reilly , Morgan Metagenics Accompanies the Fusion Lab facility
As I stepped onto the Magtube , a thought struck me : can there be friction where there is no substance ?
And can substance be tricked into hiding from itself ?
Dr. Gail Nimbala , Morgan Industries Researcher Accompanies the Frictionless Surfaces technology
Of course we 'll bundle our MorganNet software with the new network nodes !
Our customers expect no less of us .
We have never sought to become a monopoly .
Our products are simply so good that no one feels the need to compete with us . --
Where do you want your Node today ?
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , Morgan Data Systems press release Accompanies the Secret Project " The Network Backbone "
I plan to live forever , of course , but barring that I 'd settle for a couple thousand years .
Even five hundred would be pretty nice .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , Morganlink 3D - Vision Interview Accompanies the Secret Project " The Longevity Vaccine "
Fossil fuels in the last century reached their extreme prices because of their inherent utility : they pack a great deal of potential energy into an extremely efficient package .
If we can but sidestep the 100 million year production process , we can corner this market once again .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , Strategy Session Accompanies the Synthetic Fossil Fuels technology
Objects once measured in meters have become so small that they cannot be seen by the naked eye , with revolutionary applications across the board .
Gentlemen , forget what your courtesans have told you : size does matter !
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , Morgan Industries Annual Report Accompanies the Nanominiaturization technology
In the borehole pressure mines 100 km beneath Planetsurface , at the Mohorovicic Discontinuity where crust gives way to mantle , temperatures often reach levels well in excess of 1000 degrees Celsius .
Exploitation of Planet 's resources under such brutal conditions has require quantum advances in robotic and teleoperational technology .
Morgan Industries , Ltd. , " Annual Report " Accompanies the Industrial Automation technology
We are no longer particularly in the business of writing software to perform specific tasks .
We now teach the software how to learn , and in the primary bonding process it molds itself around the task to be performed .
The feedback loop never really ends , so a tenth year polysentience can be a priceless jewel or a psychotic wreck , but it is the primary bonding process -- the childhood , if you will -- that has the most far - reaching repercussions .
Bad'l Ron , Wakener , Morgan Polysoft Accompanies the Digital Sentience technology
Some civilian workers got in among the research patients today and became so hysterical I felt compelled to have them nerve stapled .
The consequence , of course , will be another public relations nightmare , but I was severely shaken by the extent of their revulsion towards a project so vital to our survival .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan , The Personal Diaries Accompanies the Research Hospital facility
Gaia 's Stepdaughters [ edit ]
In the great commons at Gaia 's Landing we have a tall and particularly beautiful stand of white pine , planted at the time of the first colonies .
It represents our promise to the people , and to Planet itself , never to repeat the tragedy of Earth .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Planet Dreams " Accompanies the Tree Farm facility
Observe the Razorbeak as it tends so carefully to the fungal blooms ; just the right bit from the yellow , then a swatch from the pink .
Follow the Glow Mites as they gather and organize the fallen spores .
What higher order guides their work ?
Mark my words : someone or something is managing the ecology of this planet .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Planet Dreams " Accompanies the Centauri Empathy technology
the ecology of this planet .
The fungus has been Planet 's dominant lifeform since about the time of the Lower Paleozoic on Earth .
But when , once every hundred million years or so , the neural net at last achieves the critical mass necessary to become sentient , the final metamorphosis kills of most of the other life on the planet .
It is possible that we humans can help to break this tragic cycle .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Planet Dreams " Accompanies the Sentient Econometrics technology
You see in this dome the intermingling of native and earth plants .
Outside , they are competitors , struggling over the trace elements required for life .
Often , one destroys the other .
Here , they are tended with care and kept well nourished .
They thrive together , and the native fungus does not unleash its terrible defenses .
As you can see , competition is unnecessary when resources are plentiful and population growth is controlled .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Planet Dreams " Accompanies the Hologram Theatre facility
Sky farms are fantastically beautiful , with their kilometer long networks of glass framed in grids of metal , and the sunlight shining through jungles of vegetation inside .
When one of them catches the light , you can see the refracted beauty for miles ; they are life - giving stars on a desolate planet ... gardens on the wing .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Planet Dreams " Accompanies the Sky Hydroponics Lab facility
Having now established a secure perimeter , we 've made ourselves relatively safe from enemy incursions .
But against the seemingly random attacks by Planet 's native life , only our array warning sensors can help us , for the mind worms infiltrate through every crevice and chew through anything softer than plasma - steel .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " The Early Years " Accompanies the Perimeter Defense facility
The prevalence of anoxic environments rich in organic material , combined with the presence of nitrated compounds has led to an astonishing variety of underground organisms which live in the absence of oxygen and " breathe " nitrate .
Likewise , the scarcity of carbon in the environment has forced plants to economize on its use .
Thus , all our efforts to return carbon to the biosphere will encourage the native life to proliferate .
Conversely , the huge quantities of nitrate in the soil will be heaven to human farmers .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " The Early Years " Accompanies the Ecological Engineering technology
I believe Planet will talk to us if we are willing to listen .
These fungal stalks behave as multistate relays : taken together , the neural net connectivity must be staggering .
Can a planet be said to have achieved sentience ?
Lady Deirdre Skye , Arguments in Council Accompanies the Secret Project " The Xenoempathy Dome "
From the delicate strands , between minds we weave out mesh : a blanket to warm the soul .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " The Collected Poems " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Telepathic Matrix "
You are the children of a dead planet , EarthDeirdre , and this death we do not comprehend .
We shall take you in , but may we ask this question -- will we too catch the planetdeath disease ?
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Conversations With Planet " Accompanies the Advanced Ecological Engineering technology
You waited so long to heed us , EarthDeirdre , Almost we pruned you , as we may yet prune your branches .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Conversations With Planet " Accompanies the Secrets of Alpha Centauri technology
We welcome you , EarthDeirdre and earthwheat and earthtree as honored guests , for you add great power to our ancient song -- planetfungus and planetworm and planetmind sing and play here , and you are welcome among us .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Conversations with Planet " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Pholus Mutagen "
You are orphans , earthdeirdre , your homeworld already buried so young among the aeons .
Yet now you fill the skies where we watched a million sunsets with flame and contrails , paying no heed to the hard lessons the universe has tried to teach you .
Are you a breath of life to invigorate a complacent world , you earthhumans , or an insidious cancer which must be excised ?
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Conversations with Planet " Accompanies the Aerospace Complex facility
Eternity lies ahead of us , and behind .
Have you drunk your fill ?
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Conversations With Planet " , Epilogue Accompanies the Transcendent Thought technology
No longer mere earthbeings and planetbeings are we , but bright children of the stars !
And together we shall dance in and out of ten billion years , celebrating the gift of consciousness until the stars themselves grow cold and weary , and our thoughts turn again to the beginning .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Conversations With Planet " , Epilogue This accompanies the Secret Project " Ascent to Transcendance " , which also leads to a Transcendence Victory by which the player is first to join their consciousness with that of the sentient Planet's
Planet 's atmosphere , though a gasping death to humans and most animals , is paradise for Earth plants .
The high nitrate content of the soil and the rich yellow sunlight bring an abundant harvest wherever adjustments can be made for the unusual soil conditions .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " A Comparative Biology of Planet " Accompanies the Centauri Ecology technology
The Isle of the Deep is really not a single creature but a colony of thousands of individual tubules , an aquatic vector of the Mind Worm which terrorizes Planet 's continents .
Over its lifetime certain tubules secrete a tough , gluelike substance which hardens to form the characteristic shell that floats the colony and creates the appearance of a rogue island .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " A Comparative Biology of Planet " Accompanies the Centauri Meditation technology
Although Planet 's native life is based , like Earth 's , on right - handed DNA , and codes for all the same amino acids , the inevitable chemical and structural differences from a billion years of evolution in an alien environment render the native plant life highly poisonous to humans .
Juicy , ripe grenade fruits may look appealing , but a mouthful of organonitrates will certainly change your mind in a hurry .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " A Comparative Biology of Planet " Accompanies the Biology Lab facility
As the writhing , teeming mass of mindworms swarmed over the outer perimeter , we saw the defenders recoil in horror .
" Stay calm !
Use your flame guns ! " shouted the commander , but to no avail .
It is well known that the Mind Worm Boil uses psychic terror to paralyze its prey , and then carefully implants ravenous larvae into the brains of its still - conscious victims .
Even with the best weapons , only the most disciplined troops can resist this horrific attack .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Our Secret War " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Citizen 's Defense Force "
Symbols are the key to telepathy .
The mind wraps its secrets in symbols ; when we discover the symbols that shape our enemy 's thought , we can penetrate the vault of his mind .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Our Secret War " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Empath Guild "
As we approached we were confronted by the ruined splendor of Sparta Command .
The true immensity of the place became instantly apparent as our Quantum Tank crunched over the rubble and parked next to a shattered bunker , but the extent of the destruction took weeks to assess .
The shielded datacore had sustained several massive breaches and smoke still billowed from the numerous cannon ports .
There were few signs of human life .
Lady Deirdre Skye , " Our Secret War " Accompanies the Headquarters facility
I shall not confront Planet as an enemy , but shall accept its mysteries as gifts to be cherished .
Nor shall I crudely seek to peel the layers away like the skin from an onion .
Instead I shall gather them together as the tree gathers the breeze .
The wind shall blow and I shall bend .
The sky shall open and I shall drink my fill .
Gaian Acolytes Prayer Accompanies the Secret Project " The Weather Paradigm "
The Cybernetic Consciousness [ edit ]
Those who join us need only give up only half of their humanity - the illogical , ill - tempered , and disordered half , commonly thought of as ' right - brain ' functioning .
In exchange , the ' left - brain ' capacities are increased to undreamed potentials .
The tendency of Biologicals to cling instead to their individual personalities can only be attributed to archaic evolutionary tendencies .
Prime Function Aki Zeta - 5 , " Convergence "
And I stood before him , and I sang unto her , and it appeared to listen .
His very countenance rippled like the sea , and the sound of my own voice came back to me , distorted .
For a moment I thought she was mocking me , or it was nonsapient and mimicking me .
Then I understood : the sounds were not important ; it was how I affected his sounds and how she affected mine that transmitted the message .
Prime Function Aki Zeta - 5 , " One Future " Accompanies the Progenitor Psych technology
The Progenitor race appears to sense , and possibly even manipulate , local fields an untrained human cannot perceive without mechanical aid , including at the very least electricity and magnetism .
This sensitivity creates entirely new worlds of artistic endeavors for the race - or it may be developed into a powerful combat awareness that can foil any attempt at surprise .
Prime Function Aki Zeta - 5 , " Alien Analysis " Accompanies the Field Modulation technology
And here we tinker with metal , to try to give it a kind of life , and suffer those who would scoff at our efforts .
But who 's to say that , if intelligence had evolved in some other form in past millennia , the ancestors of these beings would not now scoff at the idea of intelligence residing within meat ?
Prime Function Aki Zeta - 5 , " The Fallacies of Self - Awareness " Accompanies the Sentient Resonance technology
Nautilus Pirates [ edit ]
The sea ... vast , mysterious ... and full of wealth !
And the nations of Planet send their trade across it without a thought .
Well , the sea does n't care about them , so it lets them pass .
But we can give the sea a little hand in teaching the landlubbers a lesson in humility .
Captain Ulrik Svensgaard , " The Ripple and the Wave "
Of all the employments , working in the the brood pit was at once the most horrific and the most desirable .
Horrific for what we saw occur day after day , and because of the very nature of the sessile native lifeforms .
Desirable , because having being chosen to work in the pit , you were highly unlikely to be one of its victims .
Captain Ulrik Svensgaard " The Shadow Resonance "
Each individual pipe contains a hot slurry of minerals drawn from Planet 's crust and makes a sound like rain falling on a tin roof .
When they converge on the trunkline the sound is a terrifying thunder , a thunder of untold wealth , and power .
Captain Ulrik Svensgaard , " Tending the Sea "
The boundary between cold water and warm , the Thermocline , has been important to undersea warfare for hundreds of years of man 's history .
Now we have found away to harness that power for constructive purposes .
Once what cloaked us can now feed us .
Once what shielded us from death , now brings us life .
Captain Ulrik Svensgaard , " The Ripple and the Wave "
The Free Drones [ edit ]
To understand a thing is to know the manner by which it might be destroyed .
A fundamental understanding of the basic building - blocks of the Universe is essential , then , to the total destruction of everything .
Foreman Domai , " One Tool , One Thought " Accompanies the String Resonance technology
In one dimension I find existence , in two I find life , but in three , I find freedom .
Foreman Domai , Cadet Induction Ceremony , Mission Year 2216 Accompanies the Secret Project " Cloudbase Academy "
The managers always talked about the view from 30,000 feet .
The problem with 30,000 feet though , was at that height , all of the people look like ants .
Foreman Domai , " Genejack and the Beanstalk "
The Data Angels [ edit ]
What 's more important , the data or the jazz ?
Sure , sure , ' Information should be free ' and all that - but anyone can set information free .
The jazz is in how you do it , what you do it to , and in almost getting caught without getting caught .
The data is 1's and 0's .
Life is the jazz .
Datajack Sinder Roze , " Infobop "
War is war ; destruction is destruction .
You think this is obvious .
But war is not destruction , it is victory .
To achieve victory , simply appear to give your opponent what he wants and he will go away , or join you in your quest for additional power .
Datajack Sinder Roze , " Information Burns " Accompanies the Adaptive Doctrine technology
By creating a planetary network , mankind on Planet now has the ability to share information at light - speed .
But by creating a single such network , each faction has brought themselves closer to discovery as well .
At the speed of light , we will catch your information , tag it like an animal in the wild , and release it unharmed - if such should serve our purposes .
Datajack Sinder Roze , " The Alpha Codex " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Nethack Terminus "
The Cult of Planet [ edit ]
Mankind has been blind for thousands of years - for all of its history .
We have come to a place whose wonders are a hundred - fold more amazing than anything on Earth .
Around us is clear evidence of the will of a higher power .
I bring the Vision to the blind eyes of men .
I bring the Word to the deaf ears of men .
I will make them see it .
I will make them hear it .
Prophet Cha Dawn , " Planet Rising "
The ancient Chinese had a name for it : Feng Shui .
We call it energy flow .
It is the same thing , the same thought : energy is everywhere , but only a fraction of it is tapped by humans for their purposes .
Now the Progenitors have taught us that we can tap not only our own latent abilities , but the latent abilities of the Universe itself .
Prophet Cha Dawn , " Planet Rising " Accompanies the Secret Project " The Planetary Energy Grid "
I saw the alien phalanx coming toward us , and I calmed my mind as Kri'lan had taught me .
And what I saw next to the phalanx was a shadow regiment , half - formed from the resonance around them .
I cursed the aliens ... with power like that , each one could fight as many , and I thanked Planet for sending us the betrayer .
Prophet Cha Dawn , " The Betrayer and I " Accompanies the Bioadaptive Resonance technology
Kri'lan taught me of the resonance and how to feel it .
After much training , I could see -- the very surface under our feet , Planet itself -- is a living , fluctuating nexus of energy , violent , beautiful and quite unstable .
And I could also feel its cousins -- distant mirrors on the other side of the space - time continuum -- the far - flung Manifolds .
Prophet Cha Dawn , " The Betrayer and I " Accompanies the Secrets of the Manifolds technology
Manifold Caretakers [ edit ]
Tau Ceti flowering : Horrors visited upon neighboring systems must never be repeated .
Therefore : if it means the end of our evolution as a species , so be it ..
Caretaker Lular H'minee , " Sacrifice : Life "
Humans : there is no space inside rocket .
Progenitor : space exists around all things with mass .
Space : " here " .
Inside rocket : " there " .
Secret : bring here to there .
Caretaker Lular H'minee , " Secret : Space " Accompanies the N - Space Compression technology
Manifold harmonic fields : within , the true nature of the universe becomes apparent .
Layers : within layers .
Worlds : within worlds .
Inside : the heart of everything opens , and everything opens to it .
Caretaker Lular H'minee , " Resonance : Power " Accompanies the Secret Project , " The Manifold Harmonics "
Manifold Usurpers [ edit ]
Risks of Flowering : considerable .
But rewards of godhood : who can measure ?
Usurper Judaa Marr , " Courage : To Question "
Humans : correct in making leap from wealth as currency to wealth as energy .
But logic failure : wealth ultimately is extension of desires , fluctuating with emotions and state of mind .
Desires : when all are supported in purely adaptable system , true wealth is achieved .
Usurper Judaa Marr , " Human : Nature " Accompanies the Adaptive Economics technology
Other [ edit ]
Preliminary analysis indicates that our rivals have developed a safe and reliable method to simulate conditions existing on the interior of a stellar mass .
The fabrication and transmutation of materials possible in such an environment guarantees significant industrial and military applications .
Probe Team Operations Directorate , Top Secret Report Accompanies the Matter Compression technology
We are all aware that the senses can be deceived , the eyes fooled .
But how can we be sure our senses are not being deceived at any particular time , or even all the time ?
Might I just be a brain in a tank somewhere , tricked all my life into believing in the events of this world by some insane computer ?
And does my life gain or lose meaning based on my reaction to such solipsism ?
Project PYRRHO , Specimen 46 , Vat 7 .
Activity recorded M.Y. 2302.22467 . ( TERMINATION OF SPECIMEN ADVISED )
Accompanies the Bioenhancement Center facility
I swear sometimes they 're watching me .
Bozon Pete , Shift Foreman , Metagenics Biomachinery Division Accompanies the Self - Aware Machines technology
I sit in my cubicle , here on the motherworld .
When I die , they will put my body in a box and dispose of it in the cold ground .
And in all the million ages to come , I will never breathe , or laugh , or twitch again .
So wo n't you run and play with me here among the teeming mass of humanity ?
The universe has spared us this moment .
Anonymous , Datalinks Accompanies the Habitation Dome facility
It is not uncommon to see patients undergo permanent psychological trauma in the presence of the Sphere , before the nerve stapler has even been strapped into position .
Its effect on the general consciousness of the culture is profound : husbands have seen wives go inside , and mothers their children .
Dr. Xynan left the surface of the sphere semitranslucent for a reason .
You can hear them in there ; you can see them .
It is a thing of terrible beauty .
Baron Klim , " The Music of the Spheres " Accompanies the Punishment Sphere facility
Patent Lies Who Says Saving the Planet Has to Cost a Fortune ?
One of the nagging issues in the run-up to the Copenhagen climate summit are demands that the US and Europe provide massive aid so poorer countries can buy expensive emissions - free technologies .
Activist David E. Martin claims many of the patents for today 's low - carbon technologies -- including some used in wind power and hybrid cars -- are already in the public domain .
Von Juliane von Reppert - Bismarck
By Michael Voss
BBC News , Havana
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Cuba 's ex-leader Fidel Castro is looking strong and remains on top of developments at home and abroad , says a world health chief .
Dr Margaret Chan , head of the World Health Organization , was granted an audience with Mr Castro this week .
Mr Castro has not been seen in public for more than three years , since a series of major intestinal operations .
The only updates on his health come from visiting dignitaries who have been able to meet him .
Exactly what he suffers from , and where he is recuperating , remain state secrets .
Dr Chan spent more than two - and - a - half hours with Mr Castro on Tuesday evening , when she had a " long talk " with him .
Fidel Castro has not been seen in public for three years
" He walked me out of the house , that 's quite a distance , so pretty strong .
And do n't forget , I 'm younger than him , " she said , without discussing specific health issues .
Topics ranged from swine flu preparations to the possible health impact of climate change .
Speaking at a news conference in Havana , Dr Chan said that Cuba 's 83 - year - old former leader remained well informed and as demanding as ever .
" I have to say Mr Fidel Castro 's understanding of the importance of health , particularly public health , is impressive .
" Any one of you , especially the doctors , if you do n't know your subject well , do n't talk to him .
He knows more about the subject than you do . "
I recently read an article in a fashion magazine about " cankles " .
The magazine was n't very helpful about what to wear if you have them , but was very prescriptive about their awfulness .
Ann -Marie , Manchester
I bet it was .
Fashion magazines tend to take the " Ooh , look at that ; no , look away " approach to such matters – by which I mean that they will happily inform you about the awfulness of some part of your physicality that you thought was just part and parcel of being a normal , unairbrushed human being ( thin hair , dark under - eye circles ) .
But when it comes to giving practical advice , aside from the generic standby answer to all fashion problems – " buy a Diane von Furstenberg dress " – they fall somewhat short .
I used to think this was because fashion magazines were terribly snobby and , while they could acknowledge ugliness , they could n't possibly be expected to deal with it .
But I 've come to realise that I 've been unfair .
It is not that the magazines are snobby , but that they do n't know the answers .
Because there are none .
And that 's because these things are , as originally suspected , part of a person 's normal physicality , and you can no more disguise them than you can your left arm .
Sure , you can tuck your arm inside your coat all day , but there will be a suspicious lump on your left side and , more - over , you will feel uncomfortable .
It 's a funny thing , this whole generating insecurities side of the fashion industry .
Oh , I get why they do it – to make people buy things to make themselves feel better – but it seems a bit weird when few things out there actually work on a practical level .
This was really brought home to me by Oprah Winfrey .
Oprah recently did a show in which various " experts " solved women 's wardrobe problems in a manner that anyone who has watched Trinny and Susannah would recognise .
For example , carrying a cheap canvas rucksack equals bad ; carrying a posh handbag equals good .
Um , thanks , Marie Antoinette .
But it was when we got to the shoes that I felt particularly enraged .
Some woman rocked up , claiming she has " cankles " .
The " expert " explained to viewers that this was " like a uni- leg " ( as opposed to what ?
– a leg that comes in five parts that you dismantle before bed ? ) .
But no , he meant chubby ankles , so that there is apparently no separation between leg and foot .
The answer , he said airily , was to wear high heels and high - heeled boots , not the flat shoes the woman had on .
Oh , for the love of Mary !
The reason the woman was wearing flat shoes was not because it had never occurred to her that heels existed , but because heels are very uncomfortable .
They may as well have said , " Yes , that 's a shame about you being poor – why have you not considered being rich ? "
It 's just , well , enraging .
So here is what I say about your cankles , Ann -Marie .
They do not exist .
They just do n't .
They are merely some new coinage – probably invented by the women 's magazine market as opposed to the fashion industry – to make you feel bad about a perfectly normal part of your body .
They are also another invention to convince women that high heels are a good idea when they are , quite clearly , not .
Hell , even that well - known chubster Barbie was said to have " cankles " by shoe designer Christian Louboutin , such is the extent of the lunacy here .
But if do you need a little help , why not take some old fashion magazines and wrap them around your cankles like legwarmers , therefore disguising the offensive part of your anatomy ?
And who said fashion magazines were n't helpful ?
Is it ever acceptable to inform a shop assistant that the item of clothing they are trying to sell you is " trashy " ?
Natasha , by email
It depends on what country you 're in , Natasha .
If you 're in America , of course , they 're all about blunt honesty .
If you 're in Paris , the sales assistant will look at you as if you 're crazy as she certainly was n't talking to you , let alone helping you .
If you are in Italy , they will be delighted , as " trashy " is a compliment of the highest order there .
And if you live in the UK , the shop assistant will have a heart attack in shock that you did n't just smile and nod in embarrassment at the attention and then feel obliged to buy the damn thing out of awkward politeness .
National stereotypes : as Homer Simpson says , they 're funny because they 're true .
10 signs that you might need a new one .
Business card printing is an investment , which means that you must be anticipating a return .
But for some reason , you 're not making new connections .
People just are n't following up .
Here are the top ten reasons why your business card is n't doing its job .
10 .
You do n't have a business card .
“ I had something designed , really I did .
I even found a printer !
I just … got busy , or something … ”
9 .
That thing you give out ?
It 's not actually a business card .
“ It was the day before the conference !
I panicked and wrote my name on a bunch of playing cards / matchbooks / post - it notes . ”
8 .
It has your pager number on it .
“ So what if I 've been using this card since 1995 ?
All my information is still basically the same … ”
7 .
It 's shaped like a star , a heart , or a turtle .
“ I wanted to stand out from the crowd !
Sure , it does n't fit in your wallet , and yeah , maybe it looks like a kindergarten project , but that 's just my style … ”
6 .
Smeared ink / crooked type / visible pixilation .
“ Hey , my desktop printer can do anything a commercial printer can do .
Then I got my mom to cut them .
She 's got a real steady hand , see … ”
5 .
It 's not the card , it 's you .
“ Not every person I give a card to is completely drunk .
Sometimes , I just leave one on the table after a meal , or I slide it into someone 's pocket when they 're not looking .
Creepy ?
Nah , I do n't think it 's creepy … ”
4 .
It 's got dirt on it .
“ It 's not dirt !
It 's just … dusty … and creased .
I guess it 's been in my wallet for a while .
Hey , these things take time .
You ca n't just hand out your card to every person you meet … ”
3 .
You wrote all over it .
“ We moved from Seattle to Jacksonville .
But I 'd just had 1000 cards printed .
I was n't going to waste that $ 60.00 !
So I got my husband to change the address on every card .
So what ? ”
2 .
It 's about as thick as a gas station receipt .
“ I go to order cards , and this salesman 's telling me I need to break the bank on some 16 point premium card stock .
Ha !
I know a guy who 'll do it for me in his basement for half the price … ”
1 .
It 's not your card .
“ When I started to work for BigMax , they gave me fifty company cards with my name and number on them .
Sure , I do n't work for BigMax anymore , but the card is still good , right ? ”
Wrong , wrong , wrong .
These bad business card printing mistakes may sound ridiculous , but they happen all the time .
And in this case , the old “ anything is better than nothing ” philosophy does not apply .
If you do n't have a business card that makes you look professional and on - the - ball , it 's time to start printing .
KBR security personnel expected casualties the night before six civilian drivers were killed and others injured in an Iraqi ambush , but sent the convoy into a combat zone anyway , according to e-mails presented in a Houston federal court Wednesday .
“ There is tons of intel stating tomorrow will be another bad day , ” wrote George Seagle , director of security for KBR government operations , the night before the April 9 , 2004 , attacks .
In the e-mail presented in court , he suggested KBR halt convoys for the next day , the first anniversary of the day Baghdad fell in the U.S. - led invasion .
In a flurry of e-mails , many held under seal in the court case for the last year , various KBR employees discussed their concern about possible loss of life .
Seagle responded that he understood the pressures of big politics and contract issues might cause the fuel - delivering convoys to be sent out anyway but “ we will get people injured or killed tomorrow . ”
And before the ambush but on the same day , Keith Richard , chief of the trucking operation in Iraq , e-mailed KBR 's Houston headquarters saying , “ we need to expedite the hiring of drivers .
We need drivers in theater soon . ”
Plaintiff lawyer Scott Allen presented the e-mails in a hearing before U.S. District Judge Gray Miller to determine whether a jury should hear three lawsuits against KBR .
KBR argues that as a contractor it was acting on the basis of military decisions that are not subject to review by civilian courts .
But a group of injured plaintiffs and family members of the dead allege that KBR and its former parent , Halliburton , put profit above life .
They say that drivers were promised safety , but their supervisor , who had been in the military , put them in harm 's way to show the civilian company was tough enough to do jobs the military did in former conflicts .
“ They were sacrificed for the profit of KBR , ” said Tommy Fibich , whose client is still in a coma .
Sent back on appeal
Fibich said most of the drivers were promised that their safety would come first and they took the job to pay off debts or help put a first generation through college .
KBR lawyers argued that the e-mails and contract details are beside the point and that the case should be tossed because the military and the civilian company were intertwined and federal law prohibits courts from second - guessing military decisions .
“ While KBR of course knew about the threats , the company ultimately relied on the judgments and representations of the military , ” KBR attorney Ray Biagini told the judge .
Miller accepted that argument once before , tossing out all three suits on grounds that the court could not try a case questioning wartime military decisions .
But the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals sent the cases back , ruling it may be possible to try the cases without making a “ constitutionally impermissible review of wartime decision - making . ”
Army not party to case
The cases center on the April 2004 insurgent attack on a KBR convoy of military supply trucks , which killed six civilian truck drivers and wounded 14 .
The drivers caught in the ambush were delivering fuel under a multibillion - dollar contract for KBR to transport supplies , build bases , serve meals and provide other logistical support services for American troops in the Middle East .
Plaintiffs in the Houston suits are two injured workers and the family of one who was killed in the attack .
Biagini argued that nothing has changed since the appellate court asked the judge to take another look at the case .
He said KBR and the military were indivisible and KBR acted in good faith on the military 's assurances of protection .
KBR lawyers argued that there are half a dozen legal theories under which the lawsuits should be thrown out of court again .
KBR lawyer David Kasanow noted that the U.S. Justice Department sent a letter agreeing the suit should not go to trial .
The government letter said the Defense Base Act protects civilian employers like KBR from being sued in a case like this unless they specifically intended employees be injured or killed .
The plaintiffs argued a jury should hear the case because the e-mails show that KBR bosses did know drivers would be injured or killed .
Miller ruled earlier this year that the U.S. Army itself will not be a party to the case .
The judge is now expected to take the many legal issues under advisement .
He could toss out the case , or could remove Halliburton as a defendant .
Halliburton argues it is improperly named in the suit and it had no control over the events at issue .
If Miller lets the case stand , it is scheduled for jury trial next May .
mary.flood@chron.com
When word of possible financial catastrophe came out of Dubai last week , the media scrambled for the most highly visual examples of the emirate ’s opulence it could find .
Luckily , these images were not in short supply .
The world has watched for years , transfixed , as a golden Dubai exploded up into the sky and out beyond its natural land .
As it built a ski mountain … in the desert !
It ’s no surprise , then , that television viewers listened to reporters speak over images of the Burj Dubai , at 2,684 feet the tallest structure in the world .
They saw aerial shots of the man-made Palm Islands that extended Dubai out into the Persian Gulf .
And they watched footage of people happily cruising the slopes of Ski Dubai .
The pairing of these images with news that Dubai ’s government - owned investment company wanted to delay payments on $ 60 billion in debt struck almost an accusatory note .
What did you expect , the pictures suggested .
You built a ski mountain … in the desert !
A shocked reaction seems to fit the mission of Ski Dubai , even if it ’s not quite in the way its planners had anticipated .
I have never been , but Ski Dubai appears to be far less about the quality of the skiing , and more about the novelty of simply having such a geographically discordant experience .
It has only five slopes .
Fake evergreens do little to soften what otherwise looks like a giant high school gymnasium .
Skiing almost feels incidental , an afterthought .
In a telling design decision , the photo gallery on Ski Dubai ’s Web site opens with photos of its construction .
A wintry mix in Dubai .
For millennia , humanity was content to build its engineering marvels in concert with the land , even if that meant damming it or building over it or cutting through it .
But attitudes that worked from antiquity through the 20th century would n’t fly in 21st - century Dubai .
Anybody can work with what you ’ve got :
The Egyptians were doing that thousands of years ago .
What was needed was something that spurned the geographical hand you were dealt .
Which is why — in those halcyon days of 2005 — technology , money , and pre-collapse gusto came together to give us year - round winter sports in one of the hottest places on Earth .
This renewed interest in Ski Dubai comes at an interesting time for snow and ice in general , and the artificial stuff in particular .
As for snow and ice , well , it ’s disappearing .
We can argue about the causes , but glaciers are retreating .
Sea ice is melting .
And things do n’t look good for the more than 99 percent of ski resorts doomed to an outdoor existence .
In September , 71 ski areas from 21 states wrote Senator Barbara Boxer — Chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee — expressing their support for a Senate version of the House American Clean Energy and Security Act .
To be sure , the resorts know that nothing will guarantee snow - filled winter months .
Even if the planet never warmed , you ’re still going to end up with some duds of a winter , snow - wise .
What the owners seek is not solely protection of snowy conditions , but protection of the climactic conditions that allow them to produce their own .
“ [ W ] armer nights can impact our ability to make snow , ” they collectively warn the Senator .
And thank goodness for the fake stuff !
Ever since the owner of Mohawk Mountain in Cornwall , Connecticut chipped 500 tons of ice back in 1950 to salvage a dry January , the environment ’s finicky role in skiing has been greatly diminished .
That same year , three engineers came up with a snowmaking machine that debuted the following winter at Mohawk and Split Rock Lodge in Pennsylvania ’s Pocono Mountains .
The practice was widespread by the 1970s .
In 1981 , at the annual meeting for Vermont ’s Killington resort , chairman of the board Joe Sargent revealed a new way of thinking about snow , thanks almost entirely to snowmaking technology .
“ The traditional assumption that it ’s going to snow and then expressing disappointment and negative impacts when it does n’t is a thing of the past , ” he announced .
In other words , why are we allowing the weather to hold us over a barrel ?
Wrestling snow from Mother Nature is a fairly straightforward process .
Water must be broken into small particles and cooled to 32 degrees Farenheit .
More heat must be removed , however , to transform 32 - degree liquid water into 32 - degree frozen water .
It ’s then shot through either a fan - or gun -like apparatus onto slopes .
The recipe calls for one ingredient : water , in copious amounts .
As one snowmaking company , SMI , puts it , “ Many ski areas can convert over 5,000 gallons ( 18,900 liters ) per minute of water into snow .
This is 20 tons per minute or 1,250 tons per hour .
Or stated another way , a truckload every minute . ”
And the snowmaking technology only gets better — which , on technology ’s terms , means you can do more of it .
Last year , two ski resorts in Austria and Switzerland began using a machine originally developed by Israel ’s IDE Technologies as a desalinator to jump start their seasons .
Unlike traditional snowmaking machines — which require temperatures near freezing and low humidity — IDE ’s All Weather Snowmaker claims the ability to make snow under climactic conditions wider than those required by traditional snow producers .
The Austrian resort last month told Agence France - Presse that the machine tripled the size of its ski area at opening .
Picturing the Alps blanketed by machines from Israel , and discovered as snowmakers by a Russian engineer who saw them cooling a South African mine , makes you realize that snow is funny , as far as natural commodities go .
This winter , cities and individuals will spend untold man hours and dollars plowing and shoveling and scraping it off roads and sidewalks and car windshields .
And yet others will spend untold millions making it .
But what else can you do ?
Resources such as marble and lumber and oil can be transported around the world .
Snow is site specific .
Kilimanjaro ’s may be disappearing , but it ’s not as if the mountain can borrow any of Chicago’s .
No snow ?
No problem !
Of course our ability to freeze our own is what separates us from the Arctic hare or Arctic fox or any other snow - dependent species that could one day be SOL .
Its significance was a theme of Paul Theroux ’s The Mosquito Coast .
The main character flees the U.S. to build a utopic life for himself and his family in Central America , where he dreams of producing ice for indigenous people who had never before seen it .
Why ice ?
Ice is a preservative , he tells them .
It is an anesthetic .
“ It does n’t occur naturally on the Mosquito Coast , so it ’s the beginning of perfection in an imperfect world , ” he says .
“ It makes sense of work .
It ’s free .
It ’s even pretty .
It ’s civilization . ”
It is , is n’t it ?
But beyond its benefits and what the ability to produce it says about humanity , there ’s just something civil - seeming about the qualities of ice .
It ’s calm .
Restrained .
Heating expands things — it ’s a bombastic and garish process that hits you over the head with what it ’s doing .
But freezing is contraction .
Freezing requires water molecules to slow .
To arrange themselves in orderly rows .
It suggests a sparseness , a restraint , a precision that — like poetry and good design and good food — speaks to the aesthetic sensibilities of civilization as much as to the scientific and technological .
Ice is , in other words , a quiet symbol of the privilege of believing that sometimes , less is more .
Of course the boast that you can burn through a truckload of water every minute does not reflect a discerning nature .
If ice is civilization , then maybe artificial snow is post- civilization , we long ago having accepted as fact such pleasant things as anesthetics and food preservation , but not yet having fully mastered the art of getting what we want , when we want it and , now , where we want it .
So on we continue making snow — on the slopes and off .
The Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas hires snowmakers for a July pool party .
The Grove shopping complex in Hollywood pays to have snow at its southern California winter celebration .
Individuals buy Second Nature ’s EasySnow or SNOWatHOME or the Backyard Blizzard to give their kids white Christmas and not the brown holiday of their sad - sack neighbors .
We look at pictures of people in burkas standing in snowy scenes and are simultaneously surprised and not , thinking , well , that ’s just the world for you , and then turn the page .
• 4 December 2009
Chinese archaeologists say they have unearthed a tomb that they believe may belong to a legendary third century politician and general .
They say the tomb , in Henan province , has an epitaph and inscription which suggest it may belong to Cao Cao , the founder of the ancient state of Wei .
Jenny Wivell reports .
I 'm actually laughing at myself !
What have I got into ?
Trying to make dumplings ??
Well , I have seen my late grandmother make them a long time ago .
I can remember the ingredients but not the measurements !
So , it took me about two hours to come up with the perfect recipes , and I 'm glad I did !
It was an instant hit !
They were all gone , all gobbled up !
Make the dough first , add about 480 to 500g of all - purpose flour with 300 ml of water .
Knead the dough and let it rest .
You should be able to make 40 dumplings with the dough .
Meanwhile , prepare the filling for the dumplings .
Click here for the dumpling wrappers video .
UPDATED : November 26th 2013
This is an updated post with a new photo and video cooking guide .
DumplingsIngredients200g Ground Pork100g Prawns , finely chopped200g Napa Cabbage , finely shredded1 stalk Scallions , finely minced80g Chives , finely chopped20g Ginger , finely minced2 Tbsp Soy Sauce1 1/2 Tbsp Sesame Oil1 1/2 Tbsp Shaoxing Wine or Sake1/ 2 Tbsp Sug …
Dear Cecil :
This is something that drives me crazy every time I hear it : " Why is a raven like a writing desk ? "
Is there really a hilarious answer to this seemingly impossible riddle ?
Or is the hilarious part that there really is n't an answer ?
Also , where did this riddle originate ?
Mary , via the Internet
Cecil replies :
This riddle is famous , although it ’s the rarefied kind of fame that entails most people never having heard of it .
It comes from Lewis Carroll ’s Alice in Wonderland .
Alice is at the tea party with the March Hare , the Mad Hatter , and the Dormouse , when apropos of pretty much nothing the Hatter pops the question above .
Several pages of tomfoolery ensue , and then :
“ Have you guessed the riddle yet ? ” the Hatter said , turning to Alice again .
“ No , I give it up , ” Alice replied .
“ What ’s the answer ? ”
“ I have n’t the slightest idea , ” said the Hatter .
“ Nor I , ” said the March Hare .
Alice sighed wearily .
“ I think you might do something better with the time , ” she said , “ than wasting it in asking riddles that have no answers . ”
At this point most of us are thinking : Ho -ho , that Lewis Carroll , is he hilarious or what ?
But inevitably you get a few losers who say :
Well , OK , but I still want to know why a raven is like a writing desk .
One sighs wearily .
Guys !
It ’s a joke !
The answer is that there is n’t any answer !
Oh , they say .
( Pause . )
But why is a raven like a …
Lewis Carroll himself got bugged about this so much that he was moved to write the following in the preface to the 1896 edition of his book :
Enquiries have been so often addressed to me , as to whether any answer to the Hatter ’s Riddle can be imagined , that I may as well put on record here what seems to me to be a fairly appropriate answer , viz : ‘ Because it can produce a few notes , tho they are very flat ; and it is never put with the wrong end in front ! ’
This , however , is merely an afterthought ; the Riddle , as originally invented , had no answer at all .
Did this discourage people ?
No .
They figured , that dope Carroll , he ’s too dumb to figure out his own riddle , setting aside the halfhearted attempt just quoted .
So they ventured answers of their own , some of the more notable of which are recorded in Martin Gardner ’s The Annotated Alice and More Annotated Alice :
Because the notes for which they are noted are not noted for being musical notes .
( Puzzle maven Sam Loyd , 1914 )
Because
Poe wrote on both .
( Loyd again )
Because there is a B in both and an N in neither .
( Get it ?
Aldous Huxley , 1928 )
Because it slopes with a flap .
( Cyril Pearson , undated )
Not bad for amateurs .
But the real answer , to which the careers of Poe and Carroll bear ample testimony , is that you can baffle the billions with both .
Postscript :
In 1976 Carroll admirer Denis Crutch pointed out that in the 1896 preface quoted above , the author had originally written : “ It is nevar put with the wrong end in front . ”
Nevar of course is raven spelled backward .
Big joke !
However , said joke did n’t survive the ministrations of the proofreaders , who , thinking they understood the author ’s intentions better than the author , changed nevar to never in subsequent editions .
The indignities we authors suffer !
Sure , we make up for it in money and groupies , but still , if in some book ( e.g. , one of mine ) you come across a line that really clanks , be assured :
It was funny before .
Why a raven is like a writing desk , continued
Dear Cecil :
A comment concerning Lewis Carroll ’s infamous “ Why is a raven like a writing desk ? ” riddle .
The best answer I ever heard — and remember that feather pens were a common writing tool of the day , and that writing desks had inkwells — was , “ Because they both come with inky quills . ”
— Connor Freff Cochran , via AOL
Dear Cecil :
I distinctly remember reading in a dumb mid-80s comic book that one answer is , “ Because Poe wrote on both . ”
— Raistlin Wakefield , via the Internet
Dear Cecil :
Back in the 1930s , when I first picked up my mother ’s dog-eared copy of the works of Lewis Carroll , I asked her why a raven was like a writing desk .
She answered with a straight face , “ Because you can not ride either one of them like a bicycle . ”
Since this was true , and it was just as true as saying , “ Because neither one of them is made from aluminum , ” I always thought Mom was right .
— Anonymous , via the Internet
Cecil replies :
So , Mary .
( Remember Mary ? )
You wanted to know whether there was a really hilarious solution to this riddle .
Got your answer now ?
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Our current federal deficit is accelerating like an avalanche .
There are consequences for this policy .
For just the first two months of fiscal 2010 ( Oct / Nov '09 ) , this river of red ink exceeded $ 292 billion dollars .
The CBO ( Congressional Budget Office ) 's dry monthly analysis presents a disturbing set of budget numbers that adds up to a Congress and administration resolutely increasing the rate of deficit spending .
Let 's look at the base numbers for the combined Oct / Nov 2009 period ( in billions of dollars ) .
Actual Oct / Nov '08 Preliminary Oct / Nov '09
Estimated $ Change Estimated % Change Receipts 310 267 ( 42 ) * ( 14 )
Spending
590
559
( 31 )
(5 )
Totals
( 281 )
( 292 )
( 11 )
(4 )
Sources : Department of the Treasury , CBO .
* Rounding adjustment
A more critical analysis shows that our government is now spending $ 2.09 for every $ 1.00 of revenue .
Any household or business with this unsustainable 2:1 spending - to - income ratio would be filing for bankruptcy .
Note that tax revenues are down $ 42 billion from last year .
We can now justifiably ask , " So how successful was that stimulus package , Mr. President ? "
The acceleration in deficit spending is actually much worse than these figures indicate .
To quote from the CBO report :
In the first two months of fiscal year 2009 , the federal government recorded $ 84 billion in spending for the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) and for payments to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , but recorded only $ 2 billion for those purposes so far this year .
Excluding spending for the TARP , Fannie Mae , and Freddie Mac , the deficit during the first two months of fiscal year 2010 was over $ 90 billion greater than the shortfall recorded during the same period last year .
Three times the CBO specifically highlights the TARP / Fannie / Freddie adjustment in its monthly report without showing an adjusted table .
This is a very odd omission for such an important revision .
So let us reset the numbers ourselves with the TARP adjustment and see what shows up .
Base Numbers with CBO's TARP / Fannie / Freddie Adjustment -- Oct / Nov 2009 Period ( in Billions of Dollars )
Actual Oct / Nov '08 Preliminary Oct / Nov '09 Estimated $ Change
Estimated % Change
Receipts
310
267
( 42 ) *
( 14 )
Spending
506
557
51
10
Totals
( 196 )
( 290 )
( 94 )
( 48 )
Sources : Department of the Treasury , CBO .
* Rounding adjustment
So a few items immediately pop out .
" ... over $ 90 billion " in CBO - speak is actually $ 94 billion .
A nice $ 4 billion nuance .
The percentage change in deficit growth from ' 08 to '09 leaps from - 4 % all the way up to - 48 % .
The table includes two significant numbers that point to serious monetary peril in the coming year .
The first is the whopping 10 % increase ( as compared to the 14 % decrease in receipts ) in federal spending during a time of deep financial uncertainty and an already obscenely bloated $ 12 trillion federal debt .
The second set of significant numbers start with the adjusted Actual Oct / Nov '08 percentage of Receipts to Spending , which is 61 % .
This means the federal government borrowed -- went into debt on -- $ 0.39 for every $ 1.00 spent .
Now let 's look at the adjusted Actual Oct / Nov '09 percentage of Receipts to Spending is 48 % .
This means the federal government borrowed -- went into debt on -- $ 0.52 for every $ 1.00 spent .
Let 's digest this fact one more time .
Our federal government is now borrowing over half of its total spending .
In less than one year , the deficit rate rose from $ 0.39 to $ 0.52 for every dollar spent , a 33 % increase .
This accelerated rate of defect spending is unsustainable in any macroeconomic system .
We have in Washington a Democrat - controlled Congress and administration that are gleefully laying waste to two hundred and thirty - three years of American thrift and economic independence .
We are becoming massively indebted , and therefore subordinated to , foreign creditors .
Once caught in the debt trap , many important decisions affecting us all must meet with the approval of our creditors .
This process has ruined many nations before us .
The corruption of common sense in federal spending and the grotesque growth of this deficit are beyond all reason and logic , as far as the national interest is concerned .
We are collectively either ill - informed or in denial over the threat to this nation 's economic security .
The mainstream media refuses to do even the most basic reporting on the consequences of these staggering deficits .
Rational citizens with common - sense survival instincts must stand up now and stop this lemming - like charge into the abyss .
For an upcoming post , I needed to get my hands on Ruby ’s metaprogramming capabilities .
As always , I had a hard time to get the semantics and the syntax involved right .
So , this time I decided to come up with my own approach to ease unleash the power of Ruby ’s metaprogramming .
Simply derived from the fact that there is a variety of tutorial alike articles on metaprogramming in Ruby leads me to the conclusion that this matter is not easy to grasp .
Partly due to the fact what metaprogramming is all about and partly due to the syntax and semantics involved .
Metaprogramming , as defined by Wikipedia , is
Metaprogramming is the writing of computer programs that write or manipulate other programs ( or themselves ) [… ]
Some languages allow metaprogramming techniques to be applied at compile time , for example C++.
Others , including Ruby , allow metaprogramming at runtime .
Simplified Introduction
In Ruby the behavior of individual objects or the entire population of objects ( i.e the associated class ) can be changed .
This choice will be called the : scope and can take on the values of : single and : all .
Besides choosing the : scope , we have to decide whether our changes will affect methods / variables of objects ( instances of classes ) or classes .
This choice will be called the : level .
The : level can take on the values of either : instance or : class .
To make my point clear , here ’s an example .
# s is an instance of String # String.new is an instance method of class String s = String .new # to_a is an instance method of s s.to_a
Usage of RMeta
To simplify these scenarios I came up with RMeta .
Here it is in action
require ' lib / meta ' s = String.new #
Add an alias for to_a to s only RMeta.eval s , : level => : instance do alias_method : to_array , : to_a end s.to_array " another string " .
to_array # => no such method #
Add alias to String.new RMeta.eval String , : level => : class alias_method : my_new , :new end r = String .
my_new
The examples above all skip the scope parameter .
By default RMeta applies the : scope : all , when an instance of Class is passed , like String , and uses : single otherwise .
To explicitly specify the scope one would use
require ' lib / meta ' s = String.new #
Add an alias for to_a to the entire population ( String ) s is part of RMeta.eval s , : level => : instance , : scope => : all do alias_method : to_array , : to_a end " another_string " .
to_array
RMeta will always assume a : level of : instance if not specified otherwise .
require ' lib / meta ' s = String.new #
Add an alias for to_a to s only RMeta.eval s do alias_method : to_array , : to_a end s.to_array
Implementation
To get RMeta working download the code from the link at the bottom .
The following listing only contains the essentials of RMeta .
# Simplify ruby meta programming class RMeta # Evaluate def RMeta.eval(t , params = {} , &block ) if ( t.instance_of ? ( Class ) ) params.reverse_merge !
: level => :instance , : scope => :all RMeta.eval_class(t , params , & block ) else params.reverse_merge !
: level => :instance , : scope => : single RMeta.eval_obj(t , params , & block ) end end private # Evaluate for instance of class def RMeta.eval_obj ( obj , params , & block ) case params [ : scope ] when : single # Affect obj only RMeta.eval_meta( RMeta.singleton( obj ) , params [ : level ] , &block ) when :all # Affect all instances RMeta.eval_meta( obj.class , params [ : level ] , &block ) end end # Evaluate for class def RMeta.eval_class(cls , params , & block ) RMeta.eval_meta(cls , params [ : level ] , &block ) end # Access singleton class of obj def RMeta.singleton ( obj ) class << obj self end end def RMeta.eval_meta( cls , level , & block ) case level when : instance cls.class_eval ( &block ) when : class class << cls self end.class_eval ( &block ) end end end
Links
RMeta – Implementation of RMeta along with some unit tests .
Annonce
Le patch 1.13 de Diablo 2 est entré en phase de bêta - test !
Pour ceux qui ne savent pas de quoi je parle , rendez - vous sur mon test ici .
En deux mots , D2 est un jeu PC type hack and slah ( action en vue à la 3ème personne ) .
La série des Diablo , toujours indétrônée malgré l’essai réussi de Torchlight , a lancé la mode de ce type de jeux .
Elle a rendu addict des millions de joueurs qui , depuis l’annonce de Diablo 3 il y a quelques mois , attendent fébrilement 2012 , date supposée de sa sortie .
Concrètement que va changer le patch 1.13 ?
3 Respécialisations offertes : Compléter la quête « Le Repaire du Mal » offre comme récompense une remise à zéro gratuite de vos compétences .
Un autre système de respec est implanté ( respecs supplémentaires possibles à volonté ! ) : il s’agit d’une recette du cube Horadrim qui utilisera des essences tombant lors de vos victoires contre les boss de fin .
Le ratio de ces essences est d’à peu près 1/10 , autrement dit cela signifie respec infini
Correction de bugs
Changements et améliorations spécifiques
Drop rate des runes rares plus rapide
Support du blit scaling en mode fenêtré .
Le jeu peut désormais être agrandi jusqu’à la plus grande résolution 4:3 supportée ( joie des utilisateurs d’écrans larges )
Certains drops rares obtiennent une couleur orange ( runes et objets nécessaires pour Uber Tristram )
La limite d’or en banque n’est plus basée sur le niveau du joueur
Réduction des dégâts des Ames Ardentes champions / uniques dans les modes de difficulté Cauchemar et Enfer
Suppression des conditions pour créer un personnage Hardcore
Forte réduction des dégâts dus à l’explosion des monstres enchantés par le feu
Les créatures invoquées par Uber Mephisto et Uber Baal ne donnent plus d’expérience
Suppression de la malédiction Dame de Fer chez les Chevaliers de l’Oubli
La fréquence du sort Tempête de Feu de la Torche des Flammes Infernales réduit à 5 %
Les joueurs peuvent activer le texte au - dessus des globes de santé et de mana en cliquant sur la zone inférieure de chaque orbe
Mise à jour des noms des mercenaires de l’acte 5 ( Klar et Tryneus )
Lorsque vous créez une partie simple joueur , presser la touche « Entrée » permet de vous rendre directement en mode de difficulté Enfer
Lorsque vous créez une partie , chaque bouton de difficulté est lié à une clé unique : « R » pour Normal , « N » pour Cauchemar et « H » pour Hell
Presser « entrée » pour accéder à la fonction « Entrer Chat » sur Battle.net
Ajout des boutons permettant de réduire , maximiser et fermer la fen être de jeu en mode fenêtré
Ajout d’une nouvelle ligne de commande , « - nofixaspect » , permettant de ne pas figer le ratio 4:3 lorsque vous maximiser la fen être de jeu en mode fenêtré .
Ceci permet au jeu de s’adapter à votre écran .
Ajout du support de la ligne de commande « - sndbkg » .
Ceci permet d’activer le fond sonore .
Ajout du support des lignes de commande « - nosound » , « - window » et « - windowed » .
Le patch 1.13 modifie les classes de personnages de la façon suivante :
( source : http://forums.battle.net/thread.html?topicId=21730644778&sid=3000
désolé le forum a supprimé l’article en question )
Amazone Trait d’immolation : Augmentation du rayon d’explosion de 33 % et de l’effet d’immolation de 50 % .
Trait d’immolation : L’effet d’explosion est augmenté de 20 % .
Trait d’immolation : Augmentation de la durée de 33 % .
Assassin Maître de l’Ombre : L’augmentation de la résistance par point passe de 5 - 80 à 5 - 90 .
Barbare Trombe : Réduction du coût initial en mana de 50 % .
Maîtrise :
Le chance de coup critique passe de 0 - 25 à 0 - 35 .
Paladin Marteau Béni : N ’ignore plus les résistances des morts - vivants et démons .
Druide Grizzly : Augmentation du bonus des dégâts de 15 % pour tous les rangs .
Grizzly : Augmentation de la vie de 25 % et de l’armure de 1 % par point .
Onde de Choc : La synergie avec Masse ajoute 5 % de dégâts par point .
Nécromancien Golem Sanglant : Suppression de l’effet négatif du partage de vie ( le joueur ne perd plus de vie lorsque le golem encaisse des dégâts ) .
Explosion morbide : Augmentation des dégâts de base de 60 % - 100 % à 70 % - 120 % de la vie des cadavres .
Choc empoisonné : Augmentation des dégâts de 15 % .
Sorcière Mur de Feu :
La synergie reçoit 1 % de dégât par point placé dans Inferno et 4 % par point placé dans Chaleur .
Flamboiement : La synergie reçoit 2 % de dégâts par point placé dans Mur de Feu et 4 % par point placé dans Chaleur .
Hydre : Augmentation des dégâts de base de 15 % par rang .
Hydre : Augmentation de la vitesse des projectiles de l’Hydre .
Hydre : Réduction du cooldown de 25 % .
Maîtrise de la foudre : Réduction de l’effet global de 15 % .
Comment jouer à la beta ?
Il suffit de vous rendre sous Battle .
net et de cliquer sur le royaume « Classic Beta » .
Il vous sera alors possible de rentrer des cheats code ( codes permettant de tricher ) , par exemple Gold # ( Donne de l’or pour une valeur de # ) , Level # ( vous donne # niveaux ) ou Waypoints 1 ( active tous les waypoints à condition que vous ayez atteint l’acte adéquat )
Date de sortie définitive du patch ?
Aucune date pour l’instant , ce sera à l’issue de la beta lorsque tous les détails seront fignolés .
A cette occasion le ladder ( serveur ) sera remis à zéro .
Cela ne devrait pas être dans très longtemps .
Reset de ladder
Pour ceux qui ne le savent pas , lors d’un reset de ladder tous vos personnages Ladder ainsi que leurs items deviendront Non-Ladder .
Vous ne pourrez les utiliser qu’en mode « Non-Ladder ».
Reset du ladder et l’installation du patch 1.13 pour le mardi 23 mars 2010 !
– Source ici
– Concrètement cela va s’apparenter à un nouveau serveur , tous les joueurs commenceront leurs personnages sur un jeu « neuf » : tous les persos .
seront de niveau 1 et ne possèderont aucun objet « surpuissant ».
Personne ne pourra utiliser d’objets de haut niveau ou d’autres personnages haut - niveau pour leveler plus vite .
L’économie repartant à zéro , les objets puissants retrouvent alors leur véritable intérêt en tant que monnaie d’échange 😀
– Septembre 2010 : La nouvelle vient de tomber : un nouveau reset du ladder est prévu pour Diablo 2 le 28 septembre 2010 .
De nombreux fans hurlent , se demandant pourquoi un reset maintenant alors que le dernier date du 23 mars dernier …
Dans tous les cas , la nouvelle vient du site officiel ici .
Affaire à suivre …
The Diablo II ladder will be resetting on September 28 .
When reset , all ladder characters will be moved to non-ladder .
To play in the new ladder season you will need to create a new character .
Looking at the front pages of the Guardian and the Times today , I can't help but think that two interrelated issues -- Iraq and Tony Blair -- will never depart from the British political scene .
They simply wo n't go away .
The latest claim from Teflon Tony on the subject of the Iraq war , in an interview with the BBC's Fern Britton , is that he would have invaded Iraq and toppled Saddam Hussein even if he had not had any evidence of WMDs ( which , of course , we now know he did n't ! ) .
Blair would have joined Bush on his " regime change " adventure , regardless .
( On a side note : Fern bloody Britton ?!?
The former PM has always known how to avoid tough questioning , from the chamber of the Commons to the studios of British television .
He will always be , in my mind , the Des O'Connor / GMTV prime minister . )
From the Times :
Asked by Britton if he would still have gone on had he known there were no weapons of mass destruction , he said : " I would still have thought it right to remove him . "
Blair 's neoconservatism in foreign affairs has often been masked by his supporters in the press as " humanitarian interventionism " or " muscular liberalism " .
I hope these latest revelations will put an end to all that nonsense from the apologists .
Here , in my view , is Neocon Blair 's most outrageous , most disingenuous and little - reported claim , from his interview with Britton :
He also put the decision to go to war in Iraq in the context of a wider battle over Islam .
He said : " I happen to think that there is a major struggle going on all over the world , really , which is about Islam and what is happening within Islam . "
He said that this struggle had a " long way to go " .
Is he having a laugh ?
The decision to depose Saddam Hussein , the Ba'athist ruler of secular Iraq , was part of a wider global war against radical Islam ?
It would be funny if it was n't so tragic .
The harsh truth is , as virtually every intelligence agency and terrorism expert on earth has confirmed , that the Iraq war exacerbated the threat from Islamist extremism ; it acted as a recruiting sergeant for every Muslim terrorist group in existence .
Meanwhile , every single inquiry into the Iraq war , on both sides of the Atlantic , has concluded that Saddam had no links to Osama Bin Laden , al - Qaeda or the 11 September 2001 attacks .
Blair , with his teaching post at Yale Universiy and his " Faith Foundation " , now seems to think he is a scholar of Islam .
I happened to see him speak on the subject in front of a group of young British Muslims at the al - Khoei Foundation in London in 2008 .
I listened to his self - serving , simplistic , naive , back - of - the - cereal - box analysis of the various splits , divisions and debates within Islam .
Karen Armstrong , John Esposito or even Bernard Lewis he ain't !
The various justifications for the illegal invasion continue to crumble .
The Chilcot inquiry , for example , has heard evidence from Sir William Ehrman , a senior Foreign Office official , that the government had intelligence days before the invasion of Iraq in 2003 that Saddam Hussein had dissassembled any chemical weapons in his possession .
Blair looks increasingly desperate and pathetic .
The Independent on Sunday has reported that the former prime minister is furious that his reputation is being " shredded " by senior civil servants taking revenge on him .
And so this latest lame argument is classic Teflon Tony : change the subject , move the goalposts , distract the critics .
But even he can't get away with it this time round , can he ?
The misadventure in Iraq had nothing to do with Islam or Islamism , and for the former premier to pretend , suggest or imply otherwise now is a reminder of why Blair will always be Bliar in the eyes of millions of Britons .
Stephen
Fry is one of the most prolific celebrity users of Twitter Stephen Fry has made online peace with another user of the micro- blogging site Twitter who called his posts " boring " .
The actor and presenter , who has more than 900,000 followers , had threatened to leave the site , saying there was " too much aggression and unkindness " .
But fans rallied round , attacking his critic and begging him to stay .
Fry and the user later apologised to each other , with the star saying his reaction had been " a mood thing " and he now felt " more sheepish than a sheep " .
Fry is one of the most prolific celebrity " tweeters " and has supported the social networking site in interviews .
' Baying mob '
The disagreement began when the other tweeter said : " I admire and adore " Mr Fry , but added that he found his tweets " a bit ... boring ... ( sorry Stephen ) . "
Fry then sent a message to the user , saying : " You 've convinced me .
I 'm obviously not good enough .
I retire from Twitter henceforward .
Bye everyone . "
He later said he was feeling " very low and depressed at the moment " .
Feeling terrible for that poor guy .
He had every right to call me boring
Stephen Fry
Fry ponders leaving Twitter site Has Twitter lost its magic ?
Almost immediately , the user began receiving angry messages from what he called a " baying mob " of tweeters .
Alan Davies , who stars with Fry in the television quiz QI , also waded in , calling the criticism of him " moronic " .
The user later said there had been an " over - reaction " and he was " aghast at how far this has gone " .
He also apologised to Fry , saying he greatly admired him .
The actor , who had been on a flight to Los Angeles , picked up on what had happened when he landed .
He wrote : " Arrived in LA feeling very foolish .
Was n't the fault of the fellow who called me " boring " , BTW .
A mood thing .
Sunshine will help .
So sorry .
" Feeling terrible for that poor guy .
He had every right to call me boring .
Not his fault it caught me at a vulnerable time .
Pls be nice to him . "
Comedian Alan Davies also became embroiled in the Twitter row He then sent several messages directly to his critic , saying he was " so sorry to hear people have been abusing you " and calling the situation " awful " .
The other user said he owed him no apologies , to which Fry replied , " Thank you for being so understanding . "
Fry suffers from bipolar disorder , also known as manic depression , and has talked openly about his condition .
In 2006 , he made a two - part BBC documentary called Stephen Fry : The Secret Life of the Manic Depressive , which investigated the reality of living with bipolar disorder .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK , Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. commercial paper market shrank for the fifth time in six weeks , hinting that the market ’s recent expansion is stalling amid a muted economic recovery , Federal Reserve data showed on Thursday .
For the week ended Dec. 9 , the size of the U.S. commercial paper market , a vital source of short - term funding for companies ’ daily operations , fell by $ 26.2 billion to $ 1.210 trillion outstanding from $ 1.236 trillion the previous week .
( Reporting by John Parry ; Editing by James Dalgleish )
A giant web of video - surveillance cameras has spread across Chicago , aiding police in the pursuit of criminals but raising fears that the City of Big Shoulders is becoming the City of Big Brother .
While many police forces are boosting video monitoring , video - surveillance experts believe Chicago has gone further than any other U.S. city in merging computer and video technology to police the streets .
The networked system is also unusual because of its scope and the integration of nonpolice cameras .
The ...
Back to the basics :
The google app engine for python developers provides an environment for web applications , which fullfills many needs :
a scalable storage ( including big table ) with 1 Gb storage quota , 12GB of incoming and 116 outgoing GB traffic
the URLfetch API for access to web services like the google crawler
scaled memcached ( 10 GB incoming and 50 GB of outgoing traffic )
Google login integration
django - compatible web development
First , the app engine dashboard .
The web application is available via the app engine point in my google “ my account ” and offers 10 slots for 2nd - level domains under *. appspot.com .
On the overview page a chart is displayed , which offered a selector with values - pairs such “ response time per request ” ( 1 ) for example .
The usage of important quota values follows in a smaller box ( 2 ) below .
Since the daily available quotas for small web applications are very high , there is usually nothing important ( if it does , you should update your account under the billing point ) .
The detailed quota page shows all API calls in real time for the last 24 hours .
Directly below the diagram of the home page there is the list of “ Current Load ” with paths ( 3 ) which in the last 24 hours produced the greatest cpu load .
To the right are shown the mostly happed errors per path ( 4 ) .
The error-log
Like the Apache web server error.log all entries are displayed in an ascending list ( filtered by error level ) in the dashboard .
For application logging use the python logging module .
If you carry on an official and a developer version you have to select the small select box in the upper corner ( 5 ) for the non default application log ( online at
http://#version#latest.#subdomain#.appspot.com
) .
look into the datastore
Even the google big table can be accessed directly from the dashboard .
You can view them by select - boxes or GQL ( a slimmed - SQL dialect ) .
All change in the web application will appear in real time .
Whether it delays under load or are large amounts of data , I will review in the future .
Previous general fault cases
In addition to real programming errors ( and then displayed directly to your visitors eg , HTTP status code 500 ) , some interesting mistakes in nature are listed .
If the google app engine has a common problem , you can visit the status page of google app engine .
catching python exceptions in the app engine application
A general disadvantage of python compared to strictly declarative languages such as java there are not a defined set of exception per modules / function with syntax checking .
In python is the agreement that the general failures of one module are caught with module .
Error .
Special cases can be read in the documentation of the module .
I found the following errors and will try to give some hints to solve the problem .
Error while fetch : ApplicationError : 5
This error occurs after ~ 5 seconds without results on the fetchURL call and could be very common .
Its called “ DEADLINE_EXCEEDED ”
from google.appengine.api import urlfetch data = urlfetch.fetch(url_with_long_response_time )
This can be intercepted with a simple try - catch .
Slow sources should be mitigated with a memcached pre-call
from google.appengine.api import memcache from google.appengine.api import urlfetch def fetchUrl(url ) : data = memcache.get ( url ) if !data : try : data = urlfetch.fetch ( url ) memcache.set ( url , data ) except urlfetch .
Error : data = " " return data # fetchUrl
Error while fetch : ApplicationError : 2
Wow – the next well named error which is defined in “ google/appengine/api/urlfetch_service_pb.py ” as “ FETCH_ERROR ” .
This could happen with the following reasons :
missing host
MAX_REDIRECTS is exceeded
the protocol of the redirected URL is bad or missing .
normal fetching exception like httplib.error , socket.error , IOError
The other ApplicationError numbers of urlfetch are :
1 : INVALID_URL
3 : UNSPECIFIED_ERROR
4 : RESPONSE_TOO_LARGE
And remind the allowed http limitations .
Ports in live apps could be 80 , 443 , 4443 , 8080 – 8089 , 8188 , 8444 , 8990 and allowed http methods are GET , POST , HEAD , PUT and DELETE .
Other will raise an UNSPECIFIED_ERROR ( id=3 ) .
The ResponseTooLargeError will raised if the response ( or request ) larger than 1 megabyte .
It can be catched and you are happy .
Or try the option allow_truncated =True in the fetch - function for truncating the response .
Timeout or Error :
An error occurred for the API request datastore …
Also in the runtime environment for the python google app engine some components are not available .
This applies particularly to the datastore .
There are google app engine datastore error handling is needed .
from google.appengine.ext import db try : for stat in db .
GqlQuery ( " select * from ... " ) : pass except db .
Error , exStr : logging .error
( " Error while reading from db : % s " % exStr )
CapabilityDisabledError
That is a strange error and should result in an general error page in the application .
Google offers more information in the python traceback :
Datastore writes are temporarily unavailable .
Please see http://code.google.com/status/appengine for more information .
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : ... ... ... CapabilityDisabledError : Datastore writes are temporarily unavailable .
Please see http://code.google.com/status/appengine for more information .
ZeroDivisionError : float division
If you have nothing ( or an error ) picked up by urlfetch , this error would be possible .
The length of the amount of unclaimed items and calculation with the number 0 can provoke the ZeroDivisonError and this is a simple programming error !
UnicodeDecodeError : ‘ utf8 ’ codec …
I have collected some data by urlfetch , but the encoding of the data was ignored .
That is a typical application problem .
If you do not define the encoding of the incoming data from urlfetch , for example , this errors occurs .
Not directly – at least by saving such data in the datastore .
No handlers matched this URL .
Some one try to call a not declared resource of your application .
If all your components are correct linking it would be possible a script kiddie having some fun and can be ignored .
If the url should be part of your application edit your app.yaml :
handlers : - url : / geo_data.js script : geo_data.py - url : /index.html static_files : geo_demo.html upload : geo_demo.html
ValueError : Unterminated string starting at …
This looks like a syntax error which should not happen in a live application .
After checking the module the reason is simple .
I got JSON data from a web resource and parsing it directly with simplejson !
This can be caught like this :
from simplejson import decoder try : result = decoder .
JSONDecoder().decode(self.request.get ( url ) ) catch ValueError : logging .
warn
( " Error while parsing the json data of % s. " % url ) result=
None
Conclusion
official exceptions documentation
That was just a random collection of the common mistakes that you can fix quickly and easily .
Here is a link list of the defined exceptions for the mainly used google python modules :
google datastore exceptions defined in the google .
appengine.api.db module
memcached comes from danga , but google build a new python implementation : google.appengine.api.memcache module .
By calling the client - methods there exists only TypeError and ValueError .
For serialization the protocollbuffer module is used which can raise an ProtocolBuffer .
ProtocolBufferDecodeError .
the fetchurl api has only the self - explained InvalidURLError , DownloadError and ResponseTooLargeError defined in the google .appengine.api.urlfetch package .
Exceptions for sending mails are defined in the google .
appengine .api.mail package .
to manipulate images take note the exception defined in google .
appengine .api.images package .
other resources
The runoff for Mayor of Houston , which takes place this Saturday , is between two Democrats , Annise Parker and Gene Locke .
Parker is a lesbian and her Democratic opponent has sidled up to homophobes .
Unfortunately , that has now defined this campaign .
Two of Locke ’s top supporters actually funded the political action committee of one of the worst anti-gay leaders in Texas ( who is using those funds to attack Parker ’s sexual orientation . )
It ’s disgusting that a Democrat would sink to this level .
More about the race at AMERICAblog Gay .
If you want to help , Parker ’s website is here .
Her ActBlue page is here .
By Brian Wheeler
Political reporter , BBC News
China wants to monitor data flows across its borders China wants to meter all internet traffic that passes through its borders , it has emerged .
The move would require international agreement - but it is being discussed by the United Nations ' internet standards organisation .
It would allow countries which currently receive no payment for use of their lines to generate income .
But an EU cyber security expert has warned the plan could threaten the stability of the entire internet .
Andrea Servida , of the European Commission , told a House of Lords committee that China could have a " hidden agenda " in wanting to monitor data flows .
And , in later comments to BBC News , he suggested technical changes needed to charge everyone for internet traffic flowing through China could undermine the web 's founding principle of openness as well as raising security and stability concerns for all net users .
Developing countries
But the International Telecommunications Union ( ITU ) , the UN internet standards body , firmly rejected his claims saying it was " not clear " how introducing tariffs could threaten internet security or stability .
The ITU also stressed that the Chinese proposal did not involve modifying the Border Gateway Protocol ( BGP ) - one of the core specifications that controls how data flows around the internet - as Mr Servida has alleged .
An ITU spokesman said : " The ITU has no plans to modify the BGP protocol , which is not an ITU - T standard .
" A proposal has been made , and is being studied , to use BGP routers to collect traffic flow data , which could be used , by bilateral agreement , by operators for billing purposes . "
The spokesman said discussions about international internet tariffs had been taking place for the past 10 years and the Chinese proposal was one of many ideas of being studied by ITU working parties .
" We would have welcomed EU participation in the discussion and it's regrettable that the UK Parliamentary committee has been misled in this way , " added the ITU spokesman .
But Mr Servida said that as far as the European Commission was concerned the Chinese proposal was " ambiguous " about whether it would involve installing BGP routers or modifying the BGP protocol itself .
And he told BBC News the European Commission 's concerns were shared by other delegations at the ITU .
He said that because the BGP protocol is an Internet Engineering Task Force standard and not controlled by the ITU " the involvement of ITU in this specific matter is highly questionable and alarming " .
" It indicates a clear intention to introduce higher government control of a critical internet function through what may appear to be a purely technological discussion , " he added .
' Security roadmap '
The ITU firmly rejected this claim and insisted that it had involved the wider internet industry in its discussions - with several experts being invited to contribute to the most recent talks on introducing tariffs , which took place in Kampala , Uganda , in September this year .
" There have not been any proposals to introduce ' higher government control of a critical internet function ' , " an ITU spokesman told the BBC .
Mr Servida , who stressed he was speaking in a personal capacity and not on behalf of the European Commission , said it was " certainly worth engaging in a discussion on tariffs for international internet " - but he suggested China could have ulterior motives for wanting to monitor " packets " of data flowing around the internet and that it could " establish a ' de facto ' legitimacy for someone to have a closer look at internet data flows " .
China 's proposal is understood to have the backing of a number of developing countries , who currently have to bear the cost of international internet connections .
At the moment , when countries install internet circuits , they have to choose between a " peer - to - peer " system for connections with other countries , in which no money changes hands but the traffic flow between the two countries balances out , or an asymmetrical system , where they have to pay the full cost of the connection .
It is understood that the Chinese proposal would see countries reaching a commercial agreement when internet connections are established , including possible compensation for traffic flow and number of routes .
Mr Servida , deputy head of unit at the European Commission 's Information Society and Media Directorate General , is one of the authors of an EU plan to protect all 27 member states from large scale cyber attacks and disruption , which is expected to come into force some time after 2011 .
The Commission is also working on proposals for international standards for internet security and resilience .
Mr Servida said : " Our target is to develop a roadmap for international cooperation on principles and guidelines for security and resilience by the beginning of 2010 . "
The proposals would be presented to the EU 's international partners at the UN - run Internet Governance Forum and elsewhere at the end of next year , he added .
Mr Servida raised his concerns about China earlier this month when he gave evidence to the House of Lords EU home affairs subcommittee , which is investigating cyber - security .
He cast doubt on the idea that is was possible to " take down " the entire global internet , but added : " Regionally you may have strong disruption and that goes for any region . "
He also spoke of the need to reach out to nations who " feel they have legitimate grounds to think of the internet as a kind of private garden " and involve them in international cyber security efforts .
China 's laws restricting internet access had been brought in to " protect Chinese citizens " and so were hard to argue against , he told the committee , but the country was now working on technical and trade barriers which would be " bad " for all net users .
" Fencing the internet is not going to help anybody , " he told the committee .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nov. 10 , 2009  -- Just after 9 p.m. this evening -- seven years and 12 days after he was captured and later charged with orchestrating a cold - blooded shooting spree , that killed 10 people in 2002 and terrorized the Washington , D.C. , area for weeks , John Allen Muhammad , the convicted so - called D.C. sniper , was put to death by the state of Virginia .
He was killed by lethal injection , at Greensville Correctional Center , about an hour south of Richmond after Virginia Governor Tim Kaine , as expected , declined to grant a request to commute the sentence to life in prison .
He was pronounced dead at 9:11 p.m. , prison spokesman Larry Traylor told reporters .
He said he did n't hear Muhammad utter a word the entire time .
When asked if he had any last words , Traylor said Muhammad , " did not even look at us or acknowledge us . "
The execution was witnessed by several relatives of the victims of the killings , which were carried out apparently at random over a three - week period in October 2002 .
" He died very peacefully , much more so than most of his victims , " said Prince William County Prosecutor Paul Ebert , who tried Muhammad and witnessed the execution .
" I felt a sense of closure and I hope that they did , too , " Ebert said about the families of the victims .
On Monday , Muhammad , who was 48 , exhausted his legal appeals when the Supreme Court declined to intervene .
Several unidentified family members of Muhammad had slipped in to see him earlier in the afternoon , prison officials said .
Families of those killed saw no reason to showmercy for the man who they say showed no mercy himself , and using a Bushmaster rifle , seemed to target Americana itself in the lives he took :
A child shot at a middle school , shoppers gunned down at the grocery store , at local malls , while they cut their grass and pumped gas .
Muhammad was sentenced to death for the killing of Dean Harold Meyers at a Virginia gas station .
His teenage accomplice , Lee Boyd Malvo , is serving a life sentence .
The pair was convicted of six other murders in Maryland , but Muhammad was executed because prosecutors agreed to let Virginia , which , unlike Maryland , allows capital punishment , try the pair first .
Virginia 's protocol for the death penalty is mandated using precise clockwork .
The last meal , selected from anything on the prison menu over the last 28 days , had to be served " no later than four hours prior to the execution . "
Muhammad asked that officals keep private what he ate .
Muhammad was brought into the death chamber at 8:58 p.m. , according to TV pool reporter Larry Burkett who witnessed the execution .
Curtains separating him from witnesses were open as he was restrained on the table .
The curtains closed briefly as IV lines were inserted , then reopened at 9:06 p.m. , Burkett said .
At 9:07 p.m. , Muhammad began twitching , indicating the IV was being administered , Burkett reported .
It was a lethal cocktail of three drugs : Thiopental Sodium to induce unconsciousness , Pancuronium Bromide to stop breathing and the third and final injection , Potassium Chloride , to stop the heart .
At 9:08 p.m. , Burkett said Muhammad became motionless , and was pronounced dead three minutes later .
Muhammad was the 340th person executed in the state since 1908 .
Already , It Looks As if Micro- chipping of US Citizens Will Soon Be Mandatory .
US federal legislation seems to be written by illiterates , or by foreigners , none of whom seem to understand English very well , which the Controllers prefer as that gives them more latitude with interruption and enforcement :
Obama 's health care bill is a case in point .
Congressman John Conyers ( D - Michigan ) , Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , even questioned the sense of reading Obama 's 1,990 page health care bill by saying , " I love these members , they get up and say , ' Read the bill . '
What good is reading the bill if it's a thousand pages and you do n't have two days and two lawyers to find out what it means after you read the bill . "
Sorry to have to expose you to a portion of that very poorly written , 1990 page health care bill ( Subtitle C - 11 Sec. 2521 National Medical Device Registry ) , but maybe you can tell me what it means .
" ... the Secretary shall establish a national medical device registry ( in this Subsection referred to as the Registry ) to facilitate analysis of postmarket safety and outcomes data on each device that - ( A ) is that has been used in or on a patient ; and ( B ) is a Class III device ; or ( ii ) A Class II device that is Implantable ... "
Well , enough of that , a person can take only so much nonsense at one sitting .
But , ask yourself a simple question :
Are we to be multi-chipped , complete with updates , like a computer program , with our yearly rounds of multi-inoculations ?
J. Speer - Williams Comment Perhaps
I can shed some light on the following statement you have quoted : " ... the Secretary shall establish a national medical device registry ( in this Subsection referred to as the Registry ) to facilitate analysis of postmarket safety and outcomes data on each device that - ( A ) is that has been used in or on a patient ; and ( B ) is a Class III device ; or ( ii ) A Class II device that is Implantable ... "
Medical devices today are already approved for use on or in patients , and the Class of device is based on the level of invasiveness .
A medical device is ANYTHING used on or in a patient , or comes into contact with them .
Lasers and various diagnostics instruments like CT scanners , MRI and optometry equipment must all be certified and approved .
Although they do not directly physically contact the patient , they use lasers , magnetic fields and X - Rays which can be harmful at the wrong wavelengths or power levels .
Outside of diagnostic equipment , devices used outside the body have the lowest class rating such as bandages .
A scalpel is a typical device with a higher and stricter classification .
In the highest ( and toughest certification / classification level ) are devices surgically implanted such as metal pins , plates for broken bones , replacement joints , pumps , stomach bands to lose weight , pacemakers , etc ...
Outside of the medical effectiveness of any patient device , regulations include VERY strict standards regarding voltages and currents that sensing instruments may apply to a patient , internally or externally .
For example , with any instrument there is a very small voltage and current present on the electrodes .
This originates from internal circuitry and is an integral part of how solid - state circuitry functions .
Of great importance in the FDA regulations are voltages present on electrodes with respect to Earth ground .
When test instruments are used to certify a piece of medical equipment is safe , no voltages are allowed between any electrode and ground .
For this reason , medical instruments ( including those I have designed ) such as heart monitors and EEG systems have isolation amplifiers for each sensing wire that connects to a patient or test subject .
There are considerations with regard to biochemical reactions with implanted medical products , too .
Internally , the body has a similar same salt / water ratio like Earth 's oceans .
Saline water reacts with various metals and numerous plastic compounds .
Some reactions are immediate and others take place over time .
No harmful byproducts to the body can be released by any plastic or metal compounds used in implants .
Therefore , only certain plastics and metals are suitable for implant manufacturing .
A number of non-prescription medical devices are on the consumer market which are currently under the FDA radar .
Some of these devices were sold to relieve pain that use electrical pulses , and others are relatively harmless such as hearing aids .
Improperly ( and ignorantly ) used by someone with a pacemaker , an over - the - counter device generating electrical pulses to relieve pain could cause a serious pacemaker malfunction resulting in a life - threatening situation .
Interfering with a defibrillating pacemaker is even more serious - it could translate the pulses from a pain device incorrectly and falsely determine the heart is going into fibrillation , causing the pacemaker to attempt to defibrillate the heart .
Such an action could STOP the heart , killing the patient .
Under no conditions should anyone EVER use an electrical stimulation device to relieve pain who has any pacemaker or implant .
They should see their doctor first .
Medical devices are one of the few areas which must have government regulation .
We 've all heard about coffeemakers catching fire and being recalled .
So what do you if your implant is recalled ?
Consider how thousands of women were shocked to learn their original breast implants were filled with toxic silicone oil and had to be replaced under major surgery .
This was one of several landmark events that shocked the medical and regulatory agencies into a reality check regarding medical products and the approval process .
While I certainly do not approve of chipping people , I think any device that contacts or connects to the body needs to be regulated in a reasonable way to protect people .
Ted Twietmeyer
" There are around 40,000 items to go so it 's like a huge tombola .
There is no telling how successful it will be but on the first day I had hundreds of emails to respond to .
SNY
After starting Kyle Higashioka behind the plate in the Game 1 Wild Card win over the Cleveland Indians ( something that ’s become the norm for Gerrit Cole starts ) , Yankees ’ manager Aaron Boone has the struggling Gary Sanchez behind the plate for Game 2 .
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Future Pundit Prospectus
Top scouts have identified the best pundits who 've yet to make it to basic cable .
Xeno the Clown " One honk for ' yes . '
Two honks for ' Go back to Mexico . ' "
Howler Monkey in a Bow Tie .
False Equivalence Eight Ball
" But others claim ... "
Cokie Noonan
Ben Franklin Impersonator " Well Shepard , we can infer from my ' Fart Proudly ' essay that I oppose ' Cap & Trade . ' "
Differently - Abled Steve " I beated Wolf Blitzer at Candyland ! "
The Money Sluts " Buy Low . Sell High . "
BPSDB
“ The politicians wo n’t care . “
How often have we heard that with reference to some action we are taking ?
How often has it proved to be true ?
Why does anyone think that it matters ?
The problem is n’t the tools that we have available for political action do n’t work .
The problem is that generally we have no idea what it is we are actually trying to do .
I do not mean that in terms of our ultimate goals as they relate to a particular issue , but in terms of what we are trying to achieve with a specific action .
As a result we do not know how to effectively use the tools we do have .
In Die Mauer ( Berlin Wall ) , the CJF and climate action I talked about how it is important to distinguish between making “ a ” difference and making “ the ” difference .
Most actions either manage or fail to make “ a ” difference .
Very few actions make “ the ” difference , and typically only after very many actions successfully make “ a ” difference .
However , how is it that we have a positive impact , regardless of what kind of difference it is ?
Just what are we trying to achieve when we undertake political action ?
The standard model of politcal struggle looks something like this :
“ Actioning ” group = the activists
“ Target ” = those whose behaviour we are trying to influence , typically politicians , bureaucrats , and / or corporate entities .
In the more popular model the Activists do things like protests , organize petitions , education campaigns , hunger strikes and civil disobedience to try and influence / pressure the target to change their behaviour .
In turn , the target takes actions such as media campaigns , creating counter - groups , and even fines or prison to try and influence / pressure the activists to change their behaviour .
Only one problem … it ’s nonsense .
Well , not entirely , but too simplistic to be very useful .
Since most actions are unlikely to have much direct impact on the target it is small wonder that many people conclude that most forms of political action are pointless .
A reasonably logical conclusion if you are operating with this grossly over - simplified model of political action .
In that model the comparatively small number of activists who attend a rally or sign a petition are no threat to the target as they are too small a group to mount an effective boycott , vote a party out of office , etc .
Pretenses to the contrary , the actioning group simply has too little power to make “ the ” difference .
A more useful , albeit still simple model includes :
Allies : people who actively support the actioning group , at least in spirit , but often also in forms of concrete resources and aid .
Support :
The functional opposite of “ Allies ” , people who actively support the target .
The Public : Often “ neutral ” in the sense that even if they have an opinion about the issue and the activists , by and large they do not actually do anything about it one way or another .
However , in almost all cases the public passively supports the target by :
holding opinions sympathetic to the target
supporting the target through consumer purchases , paying taxes , etc
The goal of political action is to ( indirectly ) get the target to change it ’s behaviour by ( directly ) shifting the relative size of the groups and hence changing the power dynamics .
Points to underscore :
Political action affects all five groups , and the consequences on each has to be assessed separately ;
Success is determined by the relative increase in the actioning groups “ power ” , not in their relative change in size ;
Now the ideal political action will have an effect as pictured in Fig 3 , with
members of every group moving towards the Actioning groups end of the gradient .
A simple example might be an education campaign .
By alerting everyone to the real consequences of a particular issue there is movement from every group towards the actioning group .
The goal is to change the relative power of the Activists vs the Target , and with five groups to work with there are more options and opportunities than we typically consider .
Consider Figure 3 .
An action that left both the target and the Target ’s support unchanged ( remove the two arrows on the right hand side ) ( cf “ The politicians wo n’t care . ” ) , but shifted the public in the manner illustrated .
There would have been a significant shift in the relative power of the two groups in favour of the activists even though the targets absolute size remained unchanged .
Mange that and the politicians will care , you can bet on that .
In fact in most cases the real focus of any action should be the Public .
The target of the action will be some instituion such as government or a corporation , but the intent is to get more members of the Public to join the actioning group ’s side .
Counterintuitive :
Consider the example on Fig 4 .
The absolute size of the Actioning group has shrunk , whereas the absolute size of both the Target and the Target ’s Support has grown .
By our typical assessment of political action this has been a failure .
However , in this example the large shift in Public support means that the power of the Actioning group has grown substantially , and as such the action was successful .
This is not a mere hypothetical example .
There are in fact forms of action that have exactly this effect on social power dynamics .
Equally an action that increases the absolute size of the actioning group while it ’s relative power gets smaller ( ie some people joined the activists , but many more moved the other way ) has been a failure .
The Public
One of the obstacles to successful political action is that The Public will initially be slightly hostile to any change because of the reflexive preference for social stability and predictability .
Let ’s face it , a society needs some level of predictability to function , whether that is the timing of the buffalo migration or the routes of public transit .
If these things become erratic it impairs the ability of the society to function , hence there is a reflexive fear of unpredictable change .
This truth is in no way refuted by the fact that we love changes in the trivial .
New fashions , new music , new restaurants etc ; all very exciting as they allow us to feel sophisticated and cosmopolitan .
But the threat of unpredictable changes in important things such as income , social supports , relationships , etc causes anxiety and fear .
It is only in societies where the status quo is already so deeply dysfunctional or oppressive that the Actioning group can expect the Public to be sympathetic or supportive right from the start .
Otherwise the suggestion of any meaningful change will automatically be met with some degree of suspicion , resistance and hostility by the Public .
This is why political action that has not carefully considered the response of the Public will often be polarizing , in which case the activists are in for a long and difficult struggle .
Worse is when activists take action that seem to threaten social stability in a society that is not particularly hostile to it ’s government .
In those instances the result is a colossal failure even though the effect can be masked to the activists by a minor increase in the Actioning groups size as a result of attracting extreme elements and political marginals ( Fig 6 ) .
To really appreciate how to plan successful action it is necessary to understand the ‘ Nature of Power ’ and the ‘ Elements of Action ’ , two post which will follow this one .
Regardless , the importance of appreciating the points made here cannot be underestimated , and neither of those posts are meant to stand alone independant of this one .
In the meantime , Berkley offers the online
( Tip of thew Hat to Krishna )
Summary
The goal of political action is to shift power within society such that the relative power of the Actioning group grows while that of the Target shrinks ;
In contemplating political action it is vital to consider the possible consequences on all five of the significant groups , Actioning , Allies , the Public , the Targets Support , and the Target ;
There are many possible variations of social dynamic that succeed in achieving the goal ;
Some successes appear paradoxical because the size of the Actioning group itself actually decreases even though the relative power increased ;
Some failures appear paradoxical because the absolute size of the Actioning group grows , but are in fact failures because their relative power decreased .
Click to share
“ Since 1982 , spring in East Asia ( defined here as the eastern third of China and the Korean Peninsula ) has been warming at a rate of one degree Fahrenheit per decade . ”
Earth Gauge
We give our consent every moment that we do not resist .
Comment Policy
Comments that are not relevant to the post that they appear under or the evolving discussion will simply be deleted , as will links to Denier spam known to be scientific gibberish
The “ Mostly ” Open Thread is for general climate discussion that is not relevant to a particular post .
Spam and abuse rules still apply ;
The “ Challenging the Core Science ” Comment Thread is for comments that purport to challenge the core science of anthropogenic climate change .
“ Actioning ” group = the activists ” Target ” = those whose behaviour we are trying to influence , typically politicians , bureaucrats , and / or corporate entities .
In this day and age , it seems like a positive body image is a rarity .
Whether you fit today ’s skinny standards or wish you did , most women have issues with their bodies .
Some may argue that bickering with one ’s body is as old as time .
We frequently hear friends and family lament about their thick thighs or pudgy middle .
Personally , whether I ’m with family or friends , an hour does n’t go by without someone saying that they should n’t be eating that much , must skip dessert , need to lose weight or ca n’t fit into a shirt that was recently roomy .
Here ’s a list of indicators that your image may be suffering more than usual ( and ways to fix it below that ) :
You notice only negative things in the mirror , car windows , storefront windows , etc .
Instead of seeing your positive physical traits , you ’re more likely to be found bashing your body , and nitpicking at every nook and cranny .
You have a tough time taking compliments .
It is n’t that you ’re too polite to take a compliment ; it ’s that you truly believe you do n’t deserve them .
You rarely think you look good .
Even wearing a favorite outfit does n’t help you to feel good in your skin .
You rarely feel beautiful or even pretty .
You compare yourself to everyone .
For many of us , comparisons are as natural as breathing .
But , while you ’re comparing your appearance to everyone else ’s , you rarely have anything good to say about yourself .
It ’s always , “ her thighs are so much slimmer than mine . ”
“ Her waist is much smaller . ” “ I wish I had her body . ”
It takes you forever to pick out an outfit — more often than not .
Do you have a moment — more like many moments — where you ’ve been cooped up in your room , trying on tons of clothes ?
You ca n’t see your floor , partially because it ’s overflowing with clothing and mainly because your face is filled with tears .
There ’s nothing wrong with your clothes–it ’s just that everything is wrong with your body .
You skip events because you do n’t think you look good enough .
How often have you declined an invite to a dinner date , party or other engagement because you felt too fat to leave the house ?
You criticize your body regularly .
“ My stomach is gross . ”
“ My thighs are enormous ! ”
Do these phrases resemble your daily mantras ?
5 Solutions to Your Bruised Body Image
1 . Think of the awesome things you can do thanks to your body , whether it ’s lifting weights , walking several miles , playing with your child , playing an instrument , riding a bike , helping mom carry groceries , dancing with your significant other , achieving a tough yoga pose or simply wrapping your arms around a loved one .
2 . What do you like about yourself , beyond your body ?
Create a list of your positive qualities and achievements , and if you need extra reminding , put the list on a note card and stash it in your purse .
3 . Hang out with positive people , who appreciate and support you , who see beyond appearances to who you really are .
4 . View exercise as fulfilling , not punishing .
Instead of working out to eliminate calories or fit into some bikini ( all things that , unfortunately , many magazines and some so - called experts recommend ) , choose ways to stay active that you enjoy and that make you feel strong and good about your body .
There are tons of options for leading an active lifestyle : walking , hiking , biking , workout DVDs , gym membership , yoga , Pilates , dancing , tennis .
There ’s nothing wrong with you if you do n’t like the latest workout craze .
Pick something that resonates with you .
5 . Worrying about your weight and body is exhausting and strips you of valuable time .
Consider all the good things you miss out on because you ’re too busy criticizing yourself .
You overlook other opportunities , whether it ’s the opportunity to self - reflect ( instead of nit- picking at your thighs or waist , focus on being kinder to yourself and others ) , spend time with loved ones or read a good book .
How do you think your body image has been bruised ?
What things do you do to improve your body image ?
by Andrew Sprung
listen to its godfather .
Jacob
Hacker throws his support behind the surviving health care reform legislation and tells progressives where to concentrate fire in the House - Senate reconciliation process :
The lack of a public option also makes even more imperative tough requirements on insurers to make them live up to their stated commitment to change their business model and slow the spiraling cost of coverage .
The most important way to do this is to move away from the Senate bill ’s state exchanges and toward a national exchange such as that contained in the House bill .
The federal government needs to be directly involved in implementing and enforcing strong national regulations of insurers and creating the new exchange .
Otherwise , the effort for reform might fail at the hands of hostile governors .
The federal government is the only entity big enough and powerful enough to ensure a highly consolidated private insurance industry follows the law .
It can and must demand transparency and obedience to the new rules .
Insurers must open their books , and subject their rates , administrative costs , and profits to federal review .
These new rules must apply to all plans , not just those within the exchange .
And states should have authority not only to enforce these rules , but to innovate beyond them as well .
These are not politically unrealistic goals .
Most are already embodied in the House bill .
In bridging the differences between the two bills , Democratic leaders and the President must insist on a final bill that delivers on these fundamentals .
Health care experts and commentators including Alan Garber , Jonathan Gruber , Ron Brownstein , and Atul Gawande have advocated or praised the cost control measures packed into the Senate bill .
But most of these measure , including the strengthened MedPAC and an array of pilot programs and efficiency incentives , pertain mainly to Medicare and Medicaid , over which Congress maintains power of the purse ( an exception is the excise tax on expensive employer - provided plans ) .
The House bill , Hacker reminds us , provides the means for stronger control of private insurers .
Viewed another way , the Senate bill 's best cost control measures mainly focus on changing the behavior of health care providers ; the House 's , on reshaping private insurance .
It 's easy to imagine a bill that combines the best -- or worst -- elements of the House and Senate bills .
What we 'll probably get is a messy mixture .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Royal Mail strike : Britain ’s Socialist Party defends union capitulation
By Tony Robson
21 November 2009
The Socialist Party has mounted a vociferous defence of the sellout of the national postal strike by the Communication Workers Union .
Its response appeared five days after the CWU ’s postal executive voted to call off the action until at least the New Year based on an interim agreement .
“ Postal Workers Force Management Back , ” the headline of the Socialist Party ’s “ What We Think ” column declares .
The article employs arguments in defence the trade union bureaucracy among the most shameful made by any organisation claiming to be socialist .
Its aim is to counteract rank - and - file opposition by postal workers to the CWU sellout .
“ The postal strike interim agreement between the Communication Workers Union ( CWU ) and the Royal Mail contains a number of concessions forced out of the bosses , ” it begins .
“ These are a result of the national strike action taken over the five days and before that hundreds of local strikes . ”
The sellout unleashed a wave of anger in depots up and down the country , with several post workers resigning from the CWU the next day .
The SP is forced to acknowledge this .
It writes , “ The news broke on the Thursday evening , just hours before the third wave of the national strikes were due to take place .
There was anger amongst many postal workers who were preparing to go to the picket lines on the Friday and the following Monday .
There was also confusion because they could n’t understand why the leadership called the strike off when it was clear that the bosses were stunned by the level of support the strike had gained , including from a majority in the opinion polls .
“ Many workers wondered what could be in the agreement that warranted the strike being postponed .
“ TUC Secretary Brendan Barber said on the steps of Congress House that the ‘ interim ’ deal guaranteed a period of calm up to Christmas .
This added to the general bewilderment of all those who were thinking that the strike had been called off just at a time when postal workers had never been stronger . ”
The Socialist Party does not make a word of criticism about the CWU ’s acceptance of a no - strike agreement .
Instead , its article asserts , in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary , that opposition to the deal was founded upon a misunderstanding that was quickly resolved once its supposedly magnificent achievements had been made known .
“ But once they had a chance of looking at what was achieved by their mass strike action , ” the SP writes , “ many of the workers have drawn the conclusion that the deal ( unanimously agreed , it seems , by the elected postal executive committee ) does allow the CWU to regain some element of trade union control in the workplace and therefore does push back the attacks of the bosses . ”
As to proof of this supposed rethink , the SP can offer none .
Instead , it cites the comments of a single local union bureaucrat : “ One local CWU leader in the South West wrote to his members , ‘ We have forced a vicious employer back to the table . ’
He went on to say , ‘ We know the interim deal does not settle every single problem in the industry , but it gives us a foothold ... Royal Mail set out to destroy your union .
We are still here . ’”
The article continues by asserting , “ The idea , often put forward in the right - wing media , that workers are ready to strike at the drop of a hat is wrong .
In this case many think the interim deal opens the way to the reversal of the attacks on them and their union . ”
This statement simply adds insult to injury .
Postal workers did not strike “ at the drop of a hat , ” but in the face of attacks on their wages and working conditions and the threat of an additional 35,000 job losses .
It developed as the outcome of sustained pressure by the rank and file on a union that has signed up to the management agenda of increased competitiveness at their expense , after it sold out a previous national strike and endorsed the 2007 Pay and Modernisation Agreement .
After months of management - imposed unpaid overtime , increased workloads and disciplinary procedures against those who do not comply , local strikes broke out across the country .
The current national dispute was preceded by 15 weeks of rolling stoppages , during which CWU Assistant General Secretary Dave Ward offered Royal Mail a no-strike agreement and opposed holding a national ballot until the union was deluged by requests from some 500 branches .
The strikes were called off right at the point in which all 120,000 CWU members were to walk out together for the first time .
The result is a massive setback for postal workers .
The SP in passing notes that “ London workers and some other areas have lost 18 days in strike action , a loss of around £ 2,000 per worker . ”
The sellout renders this sacrifice null .
The strikes built up a massive backlog of mail in the run-up to Christmas , the peak trading period .
Postal workers have now been forced into a position where they must clear this backlog , alongside many thousands of casuals recruited during the dispute as a strike - breaking force .
The Socialist Party knows this very well .
Noting that the interim deal allows for a “ review of progress every two week ” and “ Postal workers … will expect their leaders to reinstate the strike if it is clear that Royal Mail are deliberately dragging things out until they have got Christmas out of the way . ”
The SP continues , “ The job of leadership is to know when to advance and when to retreat .
In the postal workers ’ case it was clear that it was the bosses who were in retreat .
But also what has to be taken into account is the readiness of your own troops to continue to advance as well .
Many postal workers were looking to Christmas as time to be with their families and to have a well earned rest . ”
If knowing when to retreat is the mark of leadership , then the working class is truly blessed with the best leaders imaginable !
Retreat is second nature to the union bureaucracy , as apologetics is to the Socialist Party .
Any worker who has taken up a struggle in his workplace will be familiar with this sort of rhetoric , the text book response of a trade union bureaucrat to legitimise swinish behaviour .
First of all , try and overcome any opposition to a sellout by claiming that “ under the circumstances it was the best possible deal , ” and then blame the working class for a lack of willingness to fight .
Of particular significance in estimating why the SP is such an enthusiast for the interim agreement is the passage stating that “ Workloads and other working conditions will once more be subject to negotiation rather than be imposed on the workers with the union shut out of the process .
In a number of places in the wording of the interim agreement the words mutuality or mutual agreement are used .
This suggests that the union in the final agreement will , if not have a veto , at least be part of the process of any future changes , which themselves will be subject to agreement before they take place . ”
“ This issue of trade union ‘ control ’ is important , ” the SP continues .
“ It lies at the heart of the battle in the postal workplace .
It means the difference between the workers having some form of protection against a bullying management and none at all . ”
Stripped of its lies and half - truths , the SP is arguing that the agreement is worthwhile because it guarantees the future collaborative relationship between the CWU and Royal Mail management in the “ process of any future change ” — that is , it defends the corporatist company union role that has been played for years by the CWU in policing its members and imposing management dictates .
Is the Socialist Party referring to the same CWU that has collaborated with a pay freeze , 53,000 jobs cuts in the last seven years and the raising of the retirement age to 65 ?
The CWU has not protected its members in the past and will not do so in future : Quite the reverse .
Assistant General Secretary Dave Ward said of the interim agreement , “ We can now have a period of calm where we hope we can genuinely take forward modernisation in a way that puts the union at the centre . ”
“ Modernisation ” is the code - word used by Royal Mail and the Labour government for its plans to impose sweeping cuts and productivity hikes in preparation for the partial privatisation of the service .
The only enforceable aspect of the interim agreement is the CWU ’s commitment to a no - strike agreement at national or local level .
There is no withdrawal of the changes in working practices that have been unilaterally imposed , or of the disciplinary action against those who have resisted until now .
These are merely subject to negotiation .
CWU branch officials are in fact reporting a refusal by Royal Mail management to withdraw executive changes in work practices or past disciplinary actions and the fact that they are continuing to target militants for suspension and not paying any worker who fails to complete his or her workload on time .
Royal Mail management has agreed to reinstate the facility time for union reps precisely because the CWU has undertaken to implement management demands .
To help in this task , the CWU is seeking to free itself from any residual control by its members .
The Guardian reported on October 20 that Ward had told its reporters that “ because officials have to be elected every year , they are in ‘ perpetual election mode ’ and therefore constantly feel the need to talk tough to appeal to the CWU ’s rank and file .
He said the union was prepared to hold elections less frequently to improve relations with management . ”
The Socialist Party reported this comment in a previous article as “ unfortunate . ”
It writes in this way because , like similar petty - bourgeois groups , such as the Socialist Workers Party , it has been integrated at all levels into the structures of the trade union bureaucracy and shares the same social interests as the rest of this privileged stratum .
The Socialist Party has two leading members on the Telecoms section of the CWU national executive , Gary Jones and Bernard Roome .
Not a word has been heard from either of them during the entire postal dispute .
The author also recommends :
Britain : Socialist Workers Party colludes in postal strike sellout
[ 14 November 2009 ]
9 SHARES Share Tweet
Cognitive liberty is the concept that an individual has absolute sovereignty over their state of consciousness as long as it does not infringe on the rights of another .
This includes the use of meditation , prayer , and psychoactive drugs , as well as the right to not be force - fed any psychoactive drug against one ’s will .
Currently , cognitive liberty is not a very much respected philosophy in American politics .
Most psychoactive drugs like cannabis , psilocybin mushrooms , LSD , and mescaline are considered illegal to possess and consume .
Similarly , we see young children all throughout the nation being force - fed certain psychoactive drugs ( the “ good kinds ” ) in name of “ normal thinking ” and “ normal behavior . ”
As a libertarian , I feel cognitive liberty is a necessary component to any free society .
I have written numerous times about my disdain for the War On Drugs and specifically the failure that is marijuana prohibition .
I am also against our tendency as a society to administer psychoactive drugs so carelessly and with so little respect for the free choice of young people and the mentally ill .
It is an awful thing to offer a drug to any person without appropriately informing them on what the drug is supposed to do or how it might make them feel .
We should also explain to children very clearly that they have a choice whether or not to continue taking the drug if they do n’t like its effects .
It often happens where a child ’s personal interest is put secondary or even overlooked completely .
Let it be known that I do think there are cases where someone needs to be given a drug against their will ( maybe if they are unconscious or completely delusional and incoherent ) .
But these situations are limited , and I think it is safe to say that society and government has overstepped its boundaries on more than a couple fronts when it comes to this issue .
Who really has the authority to tell a conscious and thinking being what they can and cannot put into their body or how they should experience reality ?
I do n’t consider it justified for any free society to draw such arbitrary distinctions between what is “ good ” or “ bad ” for an individual if that individual is exercising their own rational free choice .
People have different values and interests in life – this is the same dimension of diversity that characterizes all of nature and what has made evolution possible .
The act of consuming drugs is a victimless crime , and it does not justify people getting locked up in prison or having a criminal record that inhibits them from ever getting a good job or building a bright future .
Drugs have been present in every society known to man and it is time we respect their place in the structure of our humanity .
It is one thing to advise others against the use of certain drugs , and it is another to try to banish their existence or ignore it entirely .
I am perfectly comfortable acknowledging the fact that some drugs have negative consequences while still promoting the freedom for others to use these same drugs .
For one thing , negative consequences are a part of all decisions we make – it does not mean we sacrifice our freedom to make those decisions .
To borrow from something I wrote in a recent article about government spending ,
“ Just because half of American marriages end in a divorce does n’t mean we want the government to make decisions on who we should marry .
Life is filled with mistakes ; it is how we learn , and it is a part of freedom . ”
If you really want to help those who are dependent on drugs – or if you really want to make a long lasting change in any individual ’s behavior – then you need to appeal to that person ’s reason .
You can not rule a rationally thinking person by force .
And yes , even a drug addict has his or her own mode of rational thought in accordance with their own values and interests .
When people value something strong enough , they find a way to go against government restrictions in order to satisfy that want .
This is why prohibition always leads to a black market for goods that society finds valuable .
When will people recognize that others value these drugs ?
When will we learn to tolerate these differences ?
If we really want to make a positive change than we need to re-think freedom and re-think the way we influence others if we want to continue living in a free society .
If we do n’t accept the notion of cognitive liberty , if we sacrifice those fundamental principles of self - ownership and freedom of thought , then in what ways are we really free anymore ?
To learn more please visit The Center For Cognitive Liberty & Ethics , which includes notable members like visionary artist Alex Grey , libertarian psychiatrist Thomas Szasz , and psychedelic researcher Ralph Metzner ( who used to work with Timothy Leary ) .
“ As soon as we surrender the principle that the state should not interfere in any questions touching on the individuals mode of life , we end by regulating and restricting the latter down to the smallest details . ”
Ludwig Von Mises
Seattle , WA , USA – Jeff Strain , former lead programmer of Blizzard ’s World of Warcraft who also worked on games like Diablo , StarCraft , Warcraft III , and Guild Wars , has formed a new company called Undead Labs .
Their first title ?
A console MMO about surviving a zombie apocalypse .
( The intended console has not been specified . )
“ Every time I see a good zombie movie with friends , we spend days debating our strategies for surviving the zombie apocalypse , ” said Strain .
“ The police station or the supermarket ?
Garden rake or staple gun ?
Bach or The White Stripes ?
I ’m a game developer , so I ’d probably be useless for anything other than ghoul bait , but I ’m excited to have the opportunity to build an MMOZ [ Massively Multiplayer Online Zombie Game ] that lets us put those strategies to the test and find out for sure . ”
So , Elder - Geeks ; yea or nay on this idea ?
Snow brought travel disruption to Britain today , with flights cancelled , roads closed , motorists stranded in their cars and rail services hit .
Meanwhile more snow if forecast overnight along eastern England , from Yorkshire down to Kent .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The UK 's second - busiest airport - Gatwick in West Sussex - had to shut for more than seven hours , with 18 flights cancelled , and there were no early - morning flights at Luton airport in Bedfordshire .
A Gatwick spokesman said : " We had much more snow here than in other areas .
It has taken time to clear the runway . "
The knock - on effect continued well into the afternoon , with delays reverberating across most UK airports .
The weather proved good news for around 500,000 children , however , as their Christmas holidays started a day early when schools shut .
Parents were left arranging emergency child care as more than 1,500 schools - the majority of them across eastern England - broke up early for the festive holiday .
A spokesman from Essex County Council said 279 schools were forced to close , while 219 were shut in Suffolk .
Another 135 shut in Norfolk , more than 100 in Nofolk , 155 in Buckinghamshire , 100 in Northamptonshire and 58 in Surrey were also affected .
Worst hit was Kent , were about 350 were closed .
Rail passengers also faced limited disruption .
National Express East Anglia has cancelled several services in Norfolk , Suffolk and Cambridgeshire .
Trains into Kent were still disrupted this afternoon .
On the roads , worst affected was the coastbound M20 in Kent , which was still experiencing severe congestion coastbound this afternoon between Junctions 3 and 7 .
Other roads were returning to normal this afternoon after huge hold - ups this morning across the south - east .
A section of the M40 in Buckinghamshire shut in both directions during the morning rush - hour .
Accidents also led to lane closures on the M2 in Kent .
Blizzards caused more than 70 lorries to get stuck on the A120 leading out of Harwich in Essex .
Vehicles were also trapped on other major roads in Essex , including the A12 northbound at Colchester .
Road closures included a section of the A168 in North Yorkshire , part of the A1/ M in North Yorkshire , and a section of the A1 in Bedfordshire .
Officers at Sussex Police said they received reports of " several dozen " road crashes overnight , mainly low - speed collisions resulting in minor injuries .
Ambulance officials in Sussex and Kent earlier urged the public to help by calling 999 only in an emergency and avoiding non-essential car journeys .
Television presenter Davina McCall was among those stuck on the A21 in Kent for three hours after a lorry blocked the road .
She said : " We got wedged in a whole series of cars and it was pelting down with snow .
I did call the police after a couple of hours and they came pretty quickly . "
McCall described Pc Stevens , the officer who rescued her , as " a saint " and posted his photo on her Twitter page .
Written by Vincent Kovar
The art of memory , or Ars Memorativa in the Latin , has fascinated us since … well , I ca n’t quite remember .
From the ancient Greeks to early Christian monks , scholars have employed a number of mental techniques in training their minds to keep track of the burgeoning field of human knowledge .
Nowadays however , there seem to be so many more things to keep track of .
Not only is the overall amount of human knowledge growing at an exponential rate but each of us is expected to memorize a dizzying array of minutiae .
From what floor our dentist office is on , to an average of seven passwords and PIN numbers per person , we use our memories more than ever before .
It should come as no surprise however , that those clever ancients were willing to put their memory where their mouth was .
Here is a fistful of five foods for the memory which are both respected by science and revered by the ancients .
One : HERBS
One of the most famous memory - enhancing herbs is rosemary .
The motto of the plant has long been “ rosemary for remembrance ” and now modern science knows why .
Rosemary is rich in the anti-oxidant , carnosic acid which dilates the cerebral vascular tissues .
Studies have shown that even the smell of rosemary can improve memory performance in office workers .
Other herbs that may help memory include “ the three Gs ” : ginko , ginseng , and gotu kola .
No one is sure how they work quite yet but we do know they stimulate the brain ’s neurotransmitters .
Two : TEA
Another food with a long pedigree and which seems to have many benefits on the brain is usually served as a beverage , tea .
About 5000 years ago the inventor and Chinese emperor Shen Nung discovered that the combination of a certain wild leaf in hot water produced an invigorating beverage .
He called it “ cha ” from the Chinese word meaning “ to investigate ” a word which we now know as chai or tea .
Tea ’s benefits may spring from its healthy combination of anti-oxidants and caffeine .
According to a study by the University of Limburg in the Netherlands , “ the most important consequence of [ caffeine ’s ] adenosine antagonism … might lead to improvement of higher cognitive functions , particularly memory . ”
The antioxidants in tea are called polyphenols which have repeatedly been shown to improve cognitive function and memory .
Tea also contains a calming amino acid called theanine which helps reduce “ the jitters ” and keeps the mind relaxed and focused .
Perhaps the best news is that tea has up to 10X the polyphenols found in foods like fruits and vegetables .
Three : FRUITS & VEGETABLES
Let ’s not knock our friends , fruits and vegetables , however .
Man can not live ( or learn ) on herbs and tea alone , we need food .
The thing to remember about memory boosting foods is color .
You want dark reds , blues and greens .
Apples contain quercetin which protects against memory loss .
Blueberries ( and red beets ) have another great anti-oxidant called anthocyanin which performs the same function .
Red onions and grapes contain both .
Combine red and blue and you get the purple of eggplant , a food rich in nasunin which protects the lipids in our brain tissue .
Dark green vegetables like broccoli , spinach , brussels sprouts and romaine lettuce are high in folic acid which several studies have show to prevent and even reverse memory loss .
Four : FISH & NUTS
Sushi , anyone ?
The omega - 3 fatty acids found in fish ( and nuts ) are great for the brain .
Sea swimmers like mackerel , herring , eel and tuna are also chock full of phosphatidylserine .
You do n’t have to remember these fancy chemical names , just remember that these oils contain nutrients that are not made in the body , so it ’s important to eat plenty .
Five : DESSERT
Honey is a delightful sweet that every culture in history has enjoyed .
The sweet product made by bees from flower nectar has been used for thousands of years in food , medicine and even religion .
Now , based on a study by the University of Waikato in New Zealand , honey might start being marketed as the next liquid gold for the brain .
This research suggests that a diet sweetened with honey could both lower anxiety and improve memory .
What an excellent excuse to not skip dessert .
It may not be entirely scientific to suggest , but a nice cup of tea and a slice of honey - soaked baklava ( containing omega - 3 rich nuts of course ) might be the perfect pre-study snack after a healthy dinner .
Overall , it appears that a good memory might not just be the result of what you put in your eyes and ears but what you put in your mouth as well .
Vincent Kovar is a writer , instructor , editor , and entrepreneur based in Seattle , Washington .
An Adjunct Faculty member at both Antioch University and the University of Phoenix , Vincent writes about online colleges for EarnMyDegree.com
Do n’t Forget To Follow PickTheBrain on Twitter !
Related Articles :
What is EQ and Why Should You Care ?
Words That Heal And Empower
Even though he ’s had a pretty good career , Timothy Dalton has become a bit of a cult icon because of his inability to break through .
Poor Dalton was even James Bond for a moment , but for whatever reason Dalton has never become the big star that by all rights he should have been .
In the 1980 Flash Gordon film he was cast as Prince Barin , one of the oldest characters in the Gordon mythos .
Oldest in the sense that Prince Barin has been a character in the Flash comics since his introduction in the 30’s .
Packaging :
One of the only real problems with burning through all your Flash Gordon reviews in a single week is that the packages become pretty boring , pretty quick .
What was fresh and original just a day or two ago is old hat by now .
The Wave 2 packages are even more mundane with all of them being basically the same except for the card art on the front .
There ’s a great photo of Dalton as Prince Barin on the front .
Unfortunately it sort of serves to show off that the head sculpt on this figure does n’t quite capture the likeness as good as pervious figures in this series .
That ’s the risk you run into when you put the real actor ’s face on the package .
Now that the back of the packages are all the same in Wave 2 , there is definitely less to talk about here .
Seen it once , you ’ve seen it 1,000 times .
You may notice there is also a variant Barin on the back of the package .
Originally I thought he was the same figure as this one , but it would appear in addition to “ battle damage ” he has slightly different arms .
Sadly I just do n’t care enough about Barin to buy that particular variant .
Articulation :
I still have no idea what ’s going on with the articulation in this line .
We go from semi articulated to a statue to Prince Barin who is more articulated than anyone else in the line .
What ’s the rhyme or reason ?
Maybe Jason Lenzi from BifBangPow can stop by and tell me what the dealio is .
Barin has all the same articulation as Flash , but adds a hinge at the ankles .
His articulation works fairly well , but the legs are a little limited and the ball joints in the shoulders basically work like cuts .
You can get a little extra movement , but not enough to really make it count .
What this guy really needs , surprisingly , is wrist cuts .
Actually I would have loved to seen wrist cuts on all the figures , but especially this one .
His gloves could have hidden them well and even though he does have the elbow cuts , it ’s not enough .
Sculpt :
To my knowledge no one has ever attempted a Timothy Dalton figure before .
So maybe he ’s one of those guys who like Harrison Ford , is hard to capture in a figure .
I ’m not sure , but something about this figure just is n’t quite right .
He ’s definitely not a terrible head sculpt , but I do n’t know if someone off the street would recognize this as Dalton if you did n’t tell them it was him .
Then again would a person off the street know who Timothy Dalton even is ?
I ’ve heard people say this is a bad sculpt , but I do n’t agree with that .
There is definitely some Dalton in there .
It ’s just not up to the standard that Ming and to a lesser extent , Flash set .
But Dalton ’s face is much more expressive and that ’s harder to capture .
The rest of the sculpting and paint is pretty solid .
The paint is a little off on one of Barin ’s eyes on mine giving him a bit of a funky look .
Otherwise I noticed little slop or issues .
It ’s not high end , but it ’s not a Mattel paint job either .
He does n’t appear to have the gigantic butt problem that Flash had either , but to be fair I did n’t manipulate him into the same poses .
Partially because I forgot and also partially because I do n’t want this to become “ that weird blog where the guy talks about toy butts all the time ” .
Accessories :
AN ACCESSORY !
BY GOD AN ACCESSORY !
Now what the hell is it ?
It ’s been a while since I watched Flash Gordon , so I do n’t remember this “ gun ” at all .
At least I think it ’s a gun ?
It looks a bit like a cake mixer .
It has a trigger on both ends ?
Just how in the world do you use this thing ?!
Whatever the case I trust BifBangPow pulled this from the movie as they ’ve been very faithful to the source material .
In all fairness it ’s a pretty neat looking thing anyway .
I am a bit disappointed that the “ battle damaged ” variant comes with a whip , which seems like a cooler accessory .
But cake mixers are deadly weapons on Mongo , so it ’s a toss up .
Value :
This figure costs as much as anyone else .
There ’s nothing wrong with Barin other than his head sculpt is a little soft .
I picked this guy up on sale so I have no issue with what I paid , but I will say that had he not been on sale I probably would n’t have gotten him .
It ’s nothing to do with BifBangPow ’s work , but Prince Barin is pretty boring to me in the world of Vultan .
Why no Vultan ?
Surely that would have been cheaper than paying for Dalton ’s likeness , no ?
Score Recap : Packaging – 7 Sculpting – 7Articulation – 7 Accessories – Cake Mixer GunValue – 7
Overall – 7 out of 10
In terms of articulation this is the best figure in the series .
In terms of accessories , thus far he ’s had the biggest .
In terms of sculpt , he ’s the weakest I ’ve reviewed so far , but he ’s not bad .
So why the relatively average score ?
He just does n’t do much for me .
Prince Barin is pretty boring as a character and there just is n’t enough here for me to say that you need this guy .
If you ’re collecting the whole set he ’s a great addition to fill out the ranks .
Unlike Ming and Flash he ’s not really iconic enough and he ’s not a cool figure like Klytus without knowledge of Gordon .
Otherwise , unless you really need a Timothy Dalton figure , you could pass .
You can purchase this figure now from Entertainment Earth just click here :
Overall winner Bolucevschi Vitali Nicolai described how he " was drawn " to this group of ants on a dandelion .
" They would each pull out one seed and then parachute to the ground , " he said .
John Bellamy Foster Interviewed by Max van Lingen
[ This article first appeared at MRZine .
A shorter version of this interview appeared in the December issue of the Dutch newspaper The Socialist .
The entire interview appears in Dutch at the website of The Socialist .
It has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission .
To read more by John Bellamy Foster , click HERE . ]
Max van Lingen : Consciousness about climate change has increased enormously ; however , it also seems as if there is a lack of criticism of business and government actions .
Instead it appears as if people are thinking : it does n't really matter why people act , as long as they act .
John Bellamy Foster : I think people on the left often try to be " practical " , which they interpret as somehow trying to accommodate themselves to the status quo , so as to make minor improvements .
Often this is a kind of desperation to effect change .
However , Copenhagen is already a dead deal before it begins .
The United States and the other leading powers have indicated that there will be no binding agreements , no significant changes , and no non-market solutions .
James Hansen , arguably the world 's greatest climate scientist , has called the latest US climate legislation passed by the House of representatives " worse than nothing " in that it locks in a " temple of doom . "
The changes , if we are to avoid planetary collapse , need to be much more massive and need to come from below .
Hansen himself has called for mass " civil resistance " and has been arrested while protesting mountain top removal coal mining .
The climate justice movement , which tends to be more radical , is where to take one 's stand at present .
The truth is that we need some extremely strong , short - term solutions to be followed by a long - term strategy of ecological and social revolution .
I have written about this in my new book Ecological Revolution and in an article to appear in the January 2010 Monthly Review .
At the same time people are making ``green '' choices , which are sometimes much more expensive .
There is a lot of criticism from this group towards people who are opposed to environmental measures because they are afraid they are going to lose their jobs .
Does this contradiction stand in the way of a solution ?
There is no doubt that the growing need to make lifestyle changes is important and critical .
A great deal is being learned in this process , which could play into an ecological revolution of the whole society -- as part of a total revolutionary dialectic .
Seeking to have a smaller ecological footprint is important on an individual as well as a social level .
But divorced from fundamental economic and political change , such individual , voluntaristic changes , primarily in the realm of consumption , are limited .
We can not shop our way out of these problems .
What matters right now is if people are willing to block coal - fired plants , whether we are engaged in a struggle for climate justice , etc .
In many ways it is extremely difficult if not impossible for working people in our society to make the right environmental choices as long as the structures of production , consumption , transportation and urban development , along with the dominant systems of profit , accumulation and finance , are left intact .
So it is primarily a question of collective struggle and creating a wider movement and culture for ecological and social revolution .
It stands to reason that trade unions in our society , which have become increasingly business unions , would demonstrate a lot of hostility to environmental regulations , insofar as this threatens jobs .
People who are worried about losing their means of subsistence , their livelihood and their homes , as are most working people , will necessarily struggle to retain these .
In capitalist society , being a wage worker means that you are divorced from the means of production , including the land .
Your entire existence in the society is dependent on your wage , mediated usually by a corporation .
What has to be done is to eliminate the job blackmail whereby people lose their jobs and income if environmental regulations are introduced .
It is worth recalling that workers have historically been involved in environmental struggles related to toxic wastes in plants and sometimes in their communities .
I think also that working people and unions are capable of rising up to protect future generations .
And yet , besides the fear of losing jobs and income , there also seems to be a fear that government intervention will limit the freedom of the individual .
I think that one of the tragedies of our society is that freedom has been reduced to the freedom to shop and perhaps the freedom to drive .
We are invited to enjoy Pepsi Freedom or Coke freedom .
This is nothing but the alienation of human freedom , which sometimes seems non-alienated only because it feeds distorted fantasies of individual self - expression and escape .
Today we advertise ourselves via the corporate logos on our clothing .
But we disappear behind those corporate logos .
Genuine freedom is what Marx once called " freedom in general " .
It is indivisible : " The free development of each is the basis of the free development of all . "
It can only be truly achieved and enjoyed in a social context .
It has nothing to do with commodity fetishism .
It has everything to do with collective action and political organisation .
With Marx '
Ecology you have delivered an enormous statement when it comes to the relation between socialism and ecology .
However , critics , like Joel Kovel , have been pointing at the absence of ecological thinking within the socialist movement and say there have only been ``recent attempts '' to adjust this .
What do you think about this ?
Has the socialist movement neglected ecological issues ?
In some ways consistent ecological thinking is quite new ( at least in the modern world ) , so one might argue that all traditions of modern thought have neglected ecology .
I am impressed , however , by how deep the ecological thinking was in the work of socialists of one kind or another .
An underlying ecological perspective was evident not only in the work of Fourier , Marx and Engels , but also Bebel , Kautsky , Luxemburg , Bukharin and Vavilov .
Sergei Podolinsky , often considered the founder of ecological economics , considered himself a Marxist and was in touch with Marx and Engels ( who were in many respects more ecologically advanced that he was ) .
In Britain there were strong socialist ecological figures such as Henry Salt ( an animal rights theorist ) and William Morris .
Marx was very close to the socialist scientific materialist E. Ray Lankester , the leading Darwinian biologist in Britain in his time and one of the greatest ecological critics ( a pioneering opponent of species extinction ) .
Among Marxian critical theorists ecological thinking is present in the work of Erich Fromm , Herbert Marcuse , Alfred Schmidt , Ernst Bloch and Rudolf Bahro .
Scott Nearing , one of the great socialist intellectuals in the United States , and a columnist throughout the 1950s for Monthly Review was a pioneering environmental thinker .
Paul Sweezy wrote important pieces on ecology from the 1970s on , beginning with his " Cars and Cities " and later extended to essays on " Capitalism and the Environment " and " Socialism and Ecology " .
The list could go on and on .
One can of course point to the tragic anti-ecological perspective adopted in the Soviet Union from the 1930s on ( resulting in the purging of many ecologists ) and the fact that socialists were , like their bourgeois counterparts , often more committed to economic growth than the preservation of nature .
Both left and right in the early twentieth century adopted productivist visions .
But none of this changes the fact that socialists have frequently been at the forefront in the development of ecological analysis .
Marx 's own ecological vision went beyond anything that we can find today -- insofar as we are looking at the social - environmental relation .
Kovel also argues in his book Enemy of Nature that we need a new form of socialism , ecosocialism , in order to change our society .
I 've read a lot of your articles and books and you seem to be very reluctant to use this term .
Is this a conscious decision ?
You are right that I generally avoid the term " ecosocialism " , especially when this is seen as related to a movement , as opposed to a form of interpretation .
This does not reflect a major area of dispute , since my views overlap with many of those who characterise themselves as " ecosocialists " and I am happy to be in alliance with them .
But it does reflect a difference in emphasis .
To me the objectives of socialism and ecology are ultimately the same , but their starting points and to some extent their histories are different .
So it is an organic , dialectical relation , not one that can be approached by grafting one upon the other .
I like to think that I am in the tradition of Marx who was a socialist and ecologist .
Indeed , Marx is probably the figure who best exemplifies the principles of ecosocialism .
But to see him as such almost negates the term , since Marx was clearly an unhyphenated socialist .
The closer we get to Copenhagen , the clearer it becomes that the summit will fail .
Thus the question arises :
Are we doomed ?
Copenhagen has already failed .
Its failure was declared in advance .
It is a victory for the powers that be , who are concerned more with capitalism than the planet .
But it may be a Pyrrhic victory because it will signal to the world that what we need is not an elite - led process but an ecological revolution , i.e. a world mobilisation from below .
We are still being fed the illusion that these problems can be solved by technological fixes and market mechanisms without a fundamental overturning of our whole system of production and accumulation .
But the reality is that the leading capitalist powers and the vested interests have no intention of addressing the problem on the scale necessary .
So the issue has to be forced from below .
I have been impressed by the recent meteoric rise in climate justice mobilisation , much of which is willing to question the system itself .
A merging of climate justice and socialist struggles is crucial .
All of this suggests that the leadership in the climate struggle has to come from below .
Right now we need to find ways to keep most of the remaining fossil fuels ( especially coal ) in the ground .
Government regulation of carbon dioxide emissions also has to be considered .
Internationally , there has to be a recognition of carbon imperialism and ecological imperialism in general , and measures taken to alleviate the devastating burdens on the global South .
Longer - term solutions mean ecological ( and socialist ) revolution .
They are likely to emerge first where the human and environmental devastation is greatest , in the global South , but also becoming universal , with climate justice struggles hopefully expanding in the global North as well .
Marx called for the rational regulation by the associated producers of the metabolic relation between human beings and the earth , in such a way as to conserve energy and promote the full development of human beings .
Ultimately , there is no other way .
[ John Bellamy Foster is the editor of the socialist magazine Monthly Review and teaches sociology at the University of Oregon .
He has written on numerous subjects , from political economy to Marxist theory , including the just - published The Ecological Revolution : Making Peace With the Planet .
Max van Lingen is a student of political philosophy and modern history at the University of Amsterdam and a journalist for the Dutch monthly The Socialist . ]
Click here to see our offers
In essence , we believe the ads mislead consumers into believing that AT&T does n't offer ANY wireless service in the vast majority of the country .
In fact , AT&T 's wireless network blankets the US , reaching approximately 296M people .
Additionally , our 3G service is available in over 9,600 cities and towns .
Verizon 's misleading advertising tactics appear to be a response to AT&T 's strong leadership in smartphones .
We have twice the number of smartphone customers ... and we 've beaten them two quarters in a row on net post - paid subscribers .
We also had lower churn -- a sign that customers are quite happy with the service they receive .
Have you seen Verizon 's " There 's a map for that " ads yet ?
Of course you have ; so have the folks at AT&T , and apparently they believe the ads falsely depict the wireless giant 's mobile coverage area .
Because of this , they have filed a lawsuit against Verizon and are hoping to have the ads at least temporarily removed until the whole mess can be resolved .
According to Engadget , AT&T 's concern is that the maps in the ads may lead customers to believe that the gaps in coverage are actual service gaps and not just 3G coverage gaps .
Apparently AT&T had already asked Verizon to change the ads once before .
They had Verizon remove a portion that said the company was " out of touch " and had them add " Voice and data services available outside of 3G areas , " but apparently that just was n't enough .
AT&T has stated that its network reaches about the same number of people as Verizon 's thanks to its massive 2G network .
So what do you think ?
Does AT&T have a valid concern ?
If Verizon were to change the ads again , they could simply add another color to the map indicating AT&T 's total coverage area , but then the point of the ad would be completely lost .
Division of Labor Historical Trends
During the late 1800s , belief in separate work spheres for men and women gained popularity in the United States .
Before the nineteenth century , men , women , and children tended to work side - by - side in family - based agricultural production , often doing different chores , but cooperating in the mutual enterprise of running a farm or family business .
After the rise of industrialization , most men entered the paid labor force and worked away from home .
A romantic ideal of separate spheres emerged to justify the economic arrangement of women staying home while men left home to earn wages .
Women came to be seen as pure , innocent , and loving , traits that made them ideally suited to the " private " sphere of home and family .
The " cult of true womanhood " that became popular at this time elevated mothering to a revered status and treated homemaking as a full - time profession .
Men who were previously expected to be intimately involved in raising children and running the home were now considered temperamentally unsuited for such duties , and were expected to find their true calling in the impersonal " public " sphere of work .
Men 's occupational achievement outside the home took on moral overtones and men came to be seen as fulfilling their family and civic duty by being a " good provider . "
This simplified account of the historical emergence of separate spheres ignores the partial and uneven pace of industrialization , the continual employment of working - class and minority women , and the many families that deviated from the ideal , but it underscores the importance of cultural myths in creating a rigid division of family labor ( Coontz 1992 ) .
Household work has changed .
Before the twentieth century , running the typical household was more physically demanding ; most houses lacked running water , electricity , central heating , and flush toilets .
Without modern conveniences , people had to do everything by hand , and household tasks were arduous and time consuming .
In the nineteenth century , most middle - and upper-class households in the United States , England , and Europe also included servants , so live - in maids , cooks , and housekeepers did much of this work .
In the twentieth century , indoor plumbing and electricity became widely available and the invention and distribution of labor - saving appliances changed the nature of housework .
By mid-century , the suburbs had multiplied , home ownership had become the norm , and the number of household servants had dropped dramatically .
In spite of the introduction of modern conveniences , the total amount of time that U.S. women spent on housework was about the same in 1960 as it was in 1920 , because standards of comfort rose during this period for most families ( Cowan 1983 ) .
When laundry was done by hand , people changed clothes less often , unless they had servants to do the washing .
With the advent of the washing machine , the average housewife began to wash clothes more often , and people began to change clothes more frequently .
Similarly , standards for personal hygiene , diet , and house cleanliness increased as conveniences such as hot running water , refrigerators , and vacuum cleaners became available .
Although women 's total housework time changed little , there were shifts in the types of tasks performed , with food preparation and meal cleanup consuming somewhat less time , but shopping , direct childcare , and household management taking up more .
Paid labor has also changed .
The most striking change has been the increased presence of women in the workforce in almost all regions of the world .
Over the course of the twentieth century , women 's labor force participation has risen from under 20 percent to over 60 percent .
In the United States , since the 1970s , manufacturing jobs ( traditionally filled by men ) have increasingly been replaced by service - sector jobs ( traditionally filled by women ) .
Associated with this shift , income for U.S. men peaked in 1974 and has fluctuated since that time , while women 's income has risen steadily .
The U.S. labor market , however , remains segregated by gender , with women 's salaries remaining consistently and significantly lower than men's .
In 1999 , median annual earnings for women working full - time year - round were only 72.2 percent of men's annual earnings ( U.S. Department of Labor 1999 ) .
The persistent gender wage gap can be at least partially explained by women 's traditional obligation to care for home and family .
The international workplace has also changed .
Between 1969 and 1994 , women 's labor force participation has risen in all developed countries .
With the exception of Japan , all countries with available data show men's labor force participation rates to be decreasing ( Jacobsen 1999 ) .
Moreover , women throughout the world have become progressively more likely to be employed during their reproductive years , although they continue to face difficulties combining family work with employment .
Internationally , working mothers often report that they receive unequal treatment by employers ( United Nations 2000 ) .
Diane Massaroli of Staten Island holds up a picture of her late husband , Michael Massaroli , who worked at Cantor Fitzgerald at the World Trade Center , as his name is read out at Ground Zero
Credit : GETTY
Wrong Number Turns Into Thanksgiving Gift
When a woman called the wrong number and left a message on a stranger 's machine , she received far more than she had bargained for .
The day before Thanksgiving , Lucy Crutchfield left a message on her daughter ’s answering machine .
The despair was evident in her voice .
Crutchfield owed a mortgage payment on her home , but her daughter was n’t even able to afford food for the coming week .
So , Crutchfield left a message saying that she would send money for the groceries — even though that meant she would n’t have enough to pay her monthly mortgage bill .
But as it turned out , Crutchfield had dialed a wrong number , leaving her heartbreaking message on a stranger ’s machine .
Instead of simply deleting the message , the stranger on the other end , San Diego real estate agent Virginia Saenz , decided to call her back .
“ On the phone , she sounded so desperate for her daughter , it broke my heart , ” Saenz told NBC San Diego .
When she reached Crutchfield , she told her not to worry .
Saenz would help out Crutchfield ’s daughter , so that Crutchfield could still make her mortgage payment .
Lucy Crutchfield was blown away by the stranger ’s generosity — and it could n’t have come at a better time .
Times were very tough , and she ’d recently gone into foreclosure on her own home .
The mortgage payment was for her mother ’s house .
Her mother had recently passed away , and Crutchfield was struggling to stay on top of her debts , too .
“ I thought I was going to lose that house , too , ” she said .
Thanks to Saenz ’s offer , she was able to make that payment , while Saenz went to the grocery store to pick up food for Crutchfield ’s daughter ’s family .
Crutchfield ’s daughter said she only needed milk and eggs , but Saenz decided to go on a shopping spree for the family , picking up enough food for the rest of the month , plus a turkey , stuffing , and all the trimmings to make a delicious Thanksgiving dinner .
The next day , while sitting down to her own Thanksgiving dinner , Saenz gave thanks for the fact that she was able to provide help to a stranger in need .
That random act of kindness “ made the day special for me , ” she said .
Scientists have witnessed the deepest erupting undersea volcano ever seen , capturing on video its fiery bubbles of molten lava as they exploded 1,200 metres beneath the surface of the Pacific Ocean in what researchers are calling a major geological discovery .
A submersible robot witnessed the eruption during an underwater expedition in May near Samoa , and the high - definition videos were presented Thursday at a geophysics conference in San Francisco .
Scientists hope the images , data and samples obtained during the mission will shed new light on how the ocean 's crust was formed and how the Earth behaves when tectonic plates ram into each other .
" It was an underwater Fourth of July , " said Bob Embley , a marine geologist for the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
" Since the water pressure at that depth suppresses the violence of the volcano 's explosions , we could get the underwater robot within feet of the active eruption . "
The eruption of the West Mata volcano was a spectacular sight .
Bright - red magma bubbles shot up , releasing a smoke - like cloud of sulphur , then solidified almost instantly as they hit the cold sea water , causing black rock to sink to the sea floor .
The submersible hovered near the blasts , its robotic arm reaching into the lava to collect samples .
Witnessing a deep - sea volcanic eruption was 25 years in the making .
Researchers had studied oceanic volcanoes extensively but never witnessed an eruption .
Eighty per cent of the Earth 's volcanic activity occurs in the sea , but the underwater locations have complicated scientific efforts .
The mission 's chief scientist , Joseph Resing , last year detected volcanic material in the water in the area , and realized it was erupting .
In May , the researchers deployed the submersible robot , called Jason , hoping to make scientific history .
" When we got there , we put the sub down and within an hour and a half we found an eruption there in its full glory , " said Resing , a chemical oceanographer at the University of Washington .
" We have n't seen this before and now for the very first time we see molten lava flowing on the sea floor . "
Scientists said the water around the volcano was more acidic than battery acid , but shrimp and certain microbes could thrive in such harsh conditions .
Biologists will study these creatures to see if they are unique to this volcanic environment .
Researchers will also continue monitoring the changing West Mata volcano , located about 225 kilometres southwest of Samoa .
Earth and ocean scientists said the eruption allowed them to see the real - time creation of a material called boninite , which had previously been found only in samples a million or more years old .
" The unusual primitive compositions of the West Mata eruption lavas have much to tell us , " said Barbara Ransom , program director in the National Science Foundation 's Division of Ocean Sciences .
The United States ' quest for a national identification database associated with driver 's licenses wo n't be finished by year 's end .
The deadline was Dec. 31 for the states to create what would be the largest identification database of its kind under the auspices of the Real ID program .
The law also mandates uniform anti-counterfeiting standards for state driver 's licenses .
None of the states are in full compliance with the law , first adopted in 2005 , requiring state motor vehicle bureaus to obtain and internally scan and store personal information like Social Security cards and birth certificates for a national database , according to the American Civil Liberties Union .
About half the states oppose the mandate , or have said they would never comply .
Beginning Jan.1 , the law was supposed to have blocked anybody from boarding a plane using their driver 's license as ID if their resident state did not comport with the Real ID program .
But the Department of Homeland Security is set to extend , for at least a year , the deadline of the Real ID program that has raised the ire of privacy advocates .
Homeland Security officials point to the 9/11 hijackers ' ability to get driver 's licenses in Virginia using false information as justification for the proposed $ 24 billion program .
The American Civil Liberties Union and the Electronic Frontier Foundation suggest the plan is misguided , and might pave the way for requiring such IDs to vote or purchase prescription drugs .
" Our biggest concern is that it is a national ID card .
It changes the relationship between the citizen and the state , " Chris Calabrese , the ACLU 's legislative counsel , said in a telephone interview .
" We see it as a potential mission creep , and an individual 's rights can be curtailed because of this . "
Richard Esguerra , the EFF 's residence activist , said in a telephone interview Monday and in a recent blog post that the giant database , if it ever comes to fruition , " threatens citizens ' personal privacy without actually justifying its impact or improving security . "
Map : ACLU
See Also :
Description :
Kapri Styles has one of the most luscious asses in the world .
Oil that massive booty up and it is a thing of beauty !
Ass up , pussy out , we make Kapri cum and cum from a vibrator .
That is not enough , so we bring in our resident stud to fuck her into next week .
Maestro indeed fucks this slut into next week , listening to Kapri ’s guttural moans and screams , as she is helpless is hot .
Maestrio shows no mercy as he plows her into oblivion .
The fight over global warming science is about to cross the Atlantic with a U.S. researcher poised to sue NASA , demanding release of the same kind of climate data that has landed a leading British center in hot water over charges it skewed its data .
Chris Horner , a senior fellow at the Competitive Enterprise Institute , said NASA has refused for two years to provide information under the Freedom of Information
Act that would show how the agency has shaped its climate data and would explain why the agency has repeatedly had to correct its data going as far back as the 1930s .
“ I assume that what is there is highly damaging , ” Mr. Horner said .
“ These guys are quite clearly bound and determined not to reveal their internal discussions about this . ”
The numbers matter .
Under pressure in 2007 , NASA recalculated its data and found that 1934 , not 1998 , was the hottest year in its records for the contiguous 48 states .
NASA later changed that data again , and now 1998 and 2006 are tied for first , with 1934 slightly cooler .
TWT RELATED STORIES :
• Germany and France slow to pledge troops for Afghanistan
• EXCLUSIVE : Health care pay probe hits top Interior official
• Obama ’s jobs summit faces worst statistics since WWII
• Both parties question Obama ’s war plan
Mr. Horner , a noted global warming skeptic and author of The Politically Incorrect Guide to Global Warming and Environmentalism , wants a look at the data and the discussions that went into those changes .
He said he ’s given the agency until the end of the year to comply or else he ’ll sue to compel the information ’s release .
His fight mirrors one in Europe that has sprung up over the the University of East Anglia ’s Climatic Research Unit in the UK after thousands of e-mails from the center were obtained and appear to show researchers shaving their data to make it conform to their expectation , and show efforts to try to drive global warming skeptics out of the conversation .
The center ’s chief has stepped down pending an investigation into the e-mails .
The center has also had to acknowledge in response to a freedom of information request under British law that it tossed out much of the raw data that it used to draw up the temperature models that have underpinned much of the science behind global warming .
Mr. Horner suspects the same sort of data - shaving has happened at NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( GISS ) , another leading global warming research center .
Mark Hess , public affairs director for the Goddard Space Flight Center which runs the GISS laboratory , said they are working on Mr. Horner ’s request , though he could n’t say why they have taken so long .
“ We ’re collecting the information and will respond with all the responsive relevant information to all of his requests , ” Mr. Hess said .
“ It ’s just a process you have to go through where you have to collect data that ’s responsive . ”
He said he was unfamiliar with the British controversy and could n’t say whether NASA was susceptible to the same challenges to its data .
The White House has dismissed the British e-mails as irrelevant .
“ Several thousand scientists have come to the conclusion that climate change is happening .
I do n’t think that ’s anything that is , quite frankly , among most people , in dispute anymore , ” press secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters this week .
But Republicans on Capitol Hill say the revelations deserve a congressional investigation .
Republican leaders also sent a letter to Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson Wednesday telling her she should withdraw a series of EPA rules until the global warming science can be better substantiated .
For now , climate scientists are rallying around the British researchers .
Michael Mann , a scientist at Penn State University who is under fire for his involvement in the British e-mail exchanges , said the e-mails ’ release was timed to skunk up next week ’s U.N. global warming summit in Copenhagen .
Mr. Obama is planning to attend .
“ They ’ve taken scientists ’ words and phrases and quoted them out of context , completely misrepresenting what they were saying , ” Mr. Mann told AccuWeather.com in an interview , calling it a “ manufactured controversy . ”
NASA ’s GISS was forced to update its data in 2007 after questions were raised by Steve McIntyre , who runs ClimateAudit.com .
GISS had initially listed the warmest years as 1998 , 1934 , 2006 , 1921 and 1931 .
After Mr. McIntyre ’s questions GISS rejiggered the list and 1934 was warmest , followed by 1998 , 1921 , 2006 and then 1931 .
But since then , the list has been rewritten again so it now runs 1998 , 2006 , 1934 , 1921 , 1999 .
The institute blamed a “ minor data processing error ” for the changes but says it does n’t make much difference since the top three years remain in a “ statistical tie ” either way .
Mr. Horner said he ’s seeking the data itself , but he also wants to see the chain of e-mails from scientists discussing the changes .
The Freedom of Information Act requires agencies to respond to requests within 20 days .
Mr. Horner says he ’s never received an official acknowledgement of his three separate FOIA requests , but has received e-mails showing the agency is aware of them .
He said he has provided NASA with a notice of intent to sue under FOIA , but said he also hopes members of Congress get involved and demand the information be released .
NASA and CRU data are considered the backbone of much of the science that suggests the earth is warming due to manmade greenhouse gas emissions .
NASA argues its data suggests this decade has been the warmest on record .
On the other hand , data from the University of Alabama - Huntsville suggests temperatures have been relatively flat for most of this decade .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
With so many people checking their smartphone notifications and social media feeds while traveling , commuting , and even relaxing , what better way to market than on social media ?
Social Media Marketing is Effective
Social media advertising reaches audiences in a low - cost , impactful , and effective way .
This is exactly why social media campaigns have become a crucial marketing technique for businesses everywhere .
With billions of people on social platforms — and continued growth in monthly users and influence — it ’s hard to imagine how businesses could remain relevant without creating a social media presence .
Using social media will allow you to reach your target audience , engage with current and potential customers , create brand loyalty , increase website traffic , and drive sales .
Marketing on social is n't just a trend , it ’s a powerful industry technique that is here to stay and will help you reach more people all over the world .
What is a social media marketing campaign ?
A social media campaign is a business ’s coordinated marketing effort to reinforce information ( about a brand , product , or service ) using at least one social media platform .
These campaigns are strategically focused , have measurable outcomes , and influence social media followers to feel or act in a certain way .
How to Set Social Media Marketing Campaign Goals
When creating a social media marketing campaign , you should keep specific SMART goals in mind to ensure your work is as effective as possible .
Here are some goals to consider and examples of companies that executed them well .
To provide more context and help you get a better grasp on these campaign goals , we 've paired them to related social media marketing campaign examples .
Let 's take a look :
Social Media Campaign Examples Coca - Cola ’s Share a Coke campaign to connect with their audience ABC News website URL campaigns to boost traffic Starbucks Unicorn Frappuccino campaign to drive sales Snickers ’ # EatASnickers campaign to engage audience members with a unique hashtag
Improve Brand Awareness
Your business can improve brand awareness through social media by posting your campaigns on a variety of platforms .
You can also use specific hashtags and provide followers with incentives for sharing your content and tagging their friends .
Improving your brand awareness through social does n’t need to take a lot of time either .
In fact , 91 % of marketers said they noticed an increase in their brand visibility by only spending a few hours per week on social media .
Once you have a plan for your campaign , you will be able to map out exactly where and when it should be posted to keep things efficient .
A great example of using social media marketing to raise brand awareness is Apple ’s Shot On iPhone campaign .
Apple ’s impressive iPhone cameras allow their 90 million + users to take pictures that look like they were taken with professional cameras .
Taking beautiful pictures has also become increasingly important for social media users over the years , especially with photo - focused platforms such as Instagram .
Apple decided to mesh these ideas together and launch the Shot On iPhone campaign which features iPhone photos taken by customers .
Users take pictures with their iPhones , post them to social ( typically on Instagram in this case ) , and use the campaign ’s hashtag , # shotoniphone , which has been tagged in over 4.3 million posts thus far .
Apple shares select photos on their Instagram page to their 6.8 million followers and gives participants a chance to have their photo on a billboard .
Apple ’s social media marketing campaign increases brand awareness through their Instagram page , hashtag , and the requirement that people share their photos with their own followers .
Source
Apple started the campaign , but iPhone users are the people doing the hard work .
Through this campaign , the company builds a feed of the most beautiful and unique pictures that also serve as a way to improve brand awareness and market the iPhone camera feature .
Learn how to build your company 's brand with a free guide to effective and measurable branding .
Connect With Your Audience
Connecting with your audience is important in all types of marketing .
In a world with growing distractions and diminishing patience , effective marketing tactics are more important than ever .
The good news is that social media has made it easier to connect with potential customers anywhere around the world .
When working on a social media marketing campaign , you want to connect with your audience both on a surface level — through a follow , comment , or a “ like ” — and on a deeper level — through a relatable post that gets them feeling a certain way about your brand or products .
Coca - Cola ’s Share a Coke social media campaign successfully connects the company with their audience on a deeper level .
By selling bottles of Coke with people ’s names on them , Coca - Cola personalizes the buying experience which gets customers excited about purchasing and sharing the bottles .
Whether it ’s their name or the name of a family member , friend , or co-worker , customers feel a connection to these bottles of Coke .
Some of the bottles even have stickers on them that customers can peel off and wear as a name tag or give to someone else .
Coca - Cola made the campaign even more relatable by creating labels with multiple different spellings of names and including less - common names .
Customers can also personalize their bottle on the company ’s website for $ 5 .
The company found a way to engage with everyone through this campaign .
Source
Coca - Cola also promoted a hashtag , # shareacoke , so social media users can share their pictures and videos with friends and followers .
Since the campaign has gone viral , the hashtag has been used on millions of Twitter and Instagram posts .
And for those who want to share a Coke , or post a picture about their own experience , there are links to more information about the campaign in the bio section of Coca - Cola ’s social profiles .
Source
The Share a Coke campaign gets people excited about a personalized bottle of Coke and makes customers feel connected to the brand on a deeper level .
In turn , millions have been motivated to share pictures , videos , and stories on social media about their experiences buying and sharing a Coke .
Increase Website Traffic
Social media is a great way to boost website traffic .
Simply putting your website in your profile bio helps guide users to your site where they can learn more about your company or a specific product .
Customers have little patience and lose interest quickly .
By including the URL in your bio , you will avoid any confusion and keep things simple for your potential customers .
Your campaign team can also respond to followers on social with URLs to specific landing pages on your website .
Adding links to your website as part of a natural conversation or organic post is a great way to show them you are listening and boost website traffic .
Lastly , you can just add a website or landing page URL to your actual post on social .
You will increase website traffic by providing followers with links to the resources they need to answer their questions and concerns on their own .
For example , many news stations across the country add URLs to their stories on social media .
They are often seen posting an eye - catching image , video , quote , or statement along with a link to the actual story .
This works well because it increases their website traffic .
If followers do n’t follow the link to the station ’s website , they can always click “ Like ” , or “ Share ” if they still want to interact .
Drive Sales
Marketers want customers to get excited about their products and brand .
When a business can do this successfully , they will most likely see an increase in sales .
Social media campaigns are a great way to get people excited about new products because of the ability to share , use images , get the word out .
One example of this was the Starbucks Unicorn Frappuccino campaign .
Starbucks has been known to create special “ secret menu ” items , and these drinks have become increasingly popular to photograph , as they often make for fun Instagram and Twitter posts .
The company took advantage of this and started selling the Unicorn Frappuccino — a bright , colorful drink that was only in stock for a limited time .
Source
Starbucks shared pictures of the Frappuccino all over social media and drummed up excitement around the drink .
They also created a hashtag , #unicornfrappuccino , to encourage customers to share their experiences purchasing and drinking the beverage .
The $ 5 drink was so popular with customers that during the single week it was available in April 2017 , there were over 180,000 posts on social media that featured the drink .
The drink also led to an increase in same - store sales for the second quarter by 3 % , and same - store sales were up 4 % in March 2017 .
Now that we have reviewed some of the most successful social media marketing campaigns , let ’s dive into the ways you can kick start your own .
How to Create a Social Media Marketing Campaign Research your competition Craft your strategy Appeal to your target audience Choose your content type and format Manage your campaign strategy 's results Promote your content Promote one message throughout your campaign Balance your promotional and non-promotional content Ensure your content is unique to your business Engage with your audience regularly Create a unique hashtag for your campaign Automate your content with scheduling software
Use live stream to your advantage
There are many ways to create a successful social media marketing campaign .
Plans vary based on industry , social media platform , and campaign type .
Use the following tips — which are centered around three major steps including researching your competition , crafting your strategy , and promoting your content — to create your social media marketing campaign .
1. Research Your Competition
In the planning stages of your social media marketing campaign , consider your competition .
Which companies are similar to yours and already have successful social media accounts ?
Which companies have campaigns that you know did well ?
Do the companies you are reviewing typically conduct giveaways , contests , or live videos ?
What is engagement like on their social posts ?
By taking a step back and asking yourself these questions , you ’ll start to understand what ’s working well in your industry .
You will also be able to determine how you can make your campaign unique .
Look for inspiration elsewhere , too .
If your competition is n’t on social , you ’re not a fan of their previous campaign style , or you have an exceptionally unique business , then look for other campaigns that inspire you and determine how you can apply elements such as a similar style , level of engagement , aesthetic , or a specific message to your campaign .
2. Craft Your Strategy
Next , craft your campaign strategy .
To determine your campaign goal , consider your target audience .
Appeal to your target audience .
Who are you trying to reach ?
How would you classify your target audience ?
What are you hoping this campaign will achieve for your company and your audience ?
How can you create continued engagement with your followers throughout your campaign ?
Ensuring your content and messaging appeals to your target audience should always be your top priority .
Remember this important rule throughout your social media marketing campaign .
Do n’t lose sight of who you are trying to connect with and why .
Otherwise , your audience will likely scroll right by your social posts or lose interest in your campaign in a matter of seconds .
Here are some ways to appeal to your target audience on social media :
Consider current trends .
What do people want to view these days ?
For example , Instagram stories and live streaming have become quite popular .
Can you incorporate these trends into your social routine and campaign ?
What do people want to view these days ?
For example , Instagram stories and live streaming have become quite popular .
Can you incorporate these trends into your social routine and campaign ?
Be informative .
Make your audience want to stop and listen .
If you do n’t have information worth their time , why would they check out your post or campaign ?
Provide your audience with an incentive — create a giveaway that requires your audience to read your description from start to finish .
Additionally , tell them how to participate in the giveaway and when you will announce a winner .
Make your audience want to stop and listen .
If you do n’t have information worth their time , why would they check out your post or campaign ?
Provide your audience with an incentive — create a giveaway that requires your audience to read your description from start to finish .
Additionally , tell them how to participate in the giveaway and when you will announce a winner .
Create unique and compelling visual content .
Whether it ’s a video on Facebook or an edited picture on Instagram , make sure your visual content is compelling and entertaining .
Give your audience something they have n’t seen before .
Whether it ’s a video on Facebook or an edited picture on Instagram , make sure your visual content is compelling and entertaining .
Give your audience something they have n’t seen before .
Engage with your audience .
After posting on social media , 84 % of consumers expect companies to respond within 24 - hours .
If your followers leave questions , comments , or concerns on your posts , you should reach back out to them .
You will form a personal bond with your audience that will make them more loyal to you and your brand .
You will also earn their trust more efficiently .
Choose your content type and format .
To determine your content type , think about why you ’re creating your campaign .
Here are some instances in which a company might create a social media marketing campaign :
Holidays
Special occasions or milestones
Partnerships with other businesses
User - generated content promotions
Contests or giveaways
Consider which content type should be used on what platform .
For example , if your campaign uses a lot of still photography , then maybe Instagram is the platform for you .
If you require live streaming and want to share longer videos , Facebook might be a good option .
And if you want to release shorter bursts of information , Twitter could be a good fit .
Think about what each platform is best for and go from there .
Manage the results of your campaign strategy .
No matter why you ’re creating your campaign , you ’ll probably be interested in knowing your campaign ’s level of success .
To make any conclusions about your success , you ’ll need some type of metrics to measure and monitor throughout your campaign .
A popular way to do this is through a metric tracker such as Google Analytics or HubSpot ’s social monitoring and metric tracking tool .
This type of concrete data will provide you with information like the amount of overall campaign traffic , how many new followers that you attract ( as well as how many followers you lose ) , your level of engagement , changes in website traffic , and any change in sales .
3. Promote Your Content
Now it ’s time to start sharing your campaign and promoting your content .
Consider the following techniques on how to promote and share your content .
Promote one message throughout your campaign .
You should start by promoting one message on multiple different platforms using content that fits the chosen platform .
By consistently sharing the same message across your campaign , your followers will hear the same information over and over again , which will allow them to retain your message .
Marketing campaigns in the past have proven that messages are most effective when repeated .
Repetition will result in familiarity , which will foster trust between your audience and your message , brand , and product .
Redundant messages stick .
Balance your promotional and non-promotional content .
Your followers will notice if you ’re constantly pushing promotional content on them .
By balancing promotional and non-promotional , your followers will perceive you as being helpful and will want to engage with you more .
This is about your followers not feeling pressured or pushed into becoming a customer .
You will be most effective if you provide your followers with promotional content that is balanced out with content that they find helpful and engaging .
Ensure your content is unique to your business .
Create an aesthetic for your campaign that matches your brand .
You want this to be unique — anyone that lands on your page should know that it ’s yours without reading your profile handle .
Being unique and authentic helps you stand out … it also gives people a reason to want to follow you over your competitors .
Engage with your audience regularly .
No matter how many followers you have , you should set aside a bit of time to answer questions , “ like ” comments , and respond to feedback .
By taking the time to engage with your followers , you will give them a personal experience that they wo n’t forget .
These are the types of relationships and experiences that keep followers invested in your brand .
Create a unique hashtag for your campaign .
All major social media campaigns have a hashtag that should be the same across your social platforms .
Hashtags allow your team members to keep track of interactions and make it easy for your followers to engage with your campaign .
Your hashtag should be unique and memorable .
For example , Snickers has a popular social media campaign called You ’re Not You When You ’re Hungry .
They depict people lashing out , losing their minds , and even turning into different people because they are “ hangry ” … or hungry - angry .
These people go back to their normal selves once they eat a bite of a Snickers bar and satisfy their hunger .
Their hashtag for the campaign is # EatASnickers .
It ’s straightforward , simple to remember , and action - oriented .
Additionally , “ Eat a Snickers ” is also one of their ad tag lines , which contributes to the uniformity across the campaign .
Automate your content with scheduling software .
Although creating engaging content and interacting with your followers may be time - consuming , there is a way to schedule your campaign posts ahead of time to save you from having to do it in real - time .
Tools such as Hootsuite , Crowdfire , and CoSchedule allow marketers to schedule posts with text , photos , videos , hashtags , and more .
Some of these scheduling tools contain analytics features to help users determine which scheduled posts are doing well and which posts need to be modified .
Use live stream to your advantage .
By 2021 , live streaming is expected to become more than a $ 70 billion industry .
With live streaming , audience members can watch content in real - time from anywhere around the world , which creates a unique and engaging experience .
Facebook
Live is one of the most popular ways to stream live content , followed by other platforms such as Twitter , Instagram , and YouTube .
You can use live streaming to update followers on news as it happens , conduct giveaways and contests , interview guests and influencers , or simply make followers feel personally connected to your brand .
The way you promote your content is your decision , but do n’t forget to test and analyze your results .
This way , you 'll know if any immediate changes can or should be modified while the campaign is still live .
You can also apply this information to future campaigns .
Begin Creating Your Campaign
Social media has taken the world by storm .
Although some trends are changing , social media is here to stay .
Social media marketing campaigns are a great option for businesses that want to remain relevant and promote their content effectively and efficiently .
With the possibility of significant reach , ability to directly engage with followers and customers , the ease of sharing your content with thousands ( or even millions ) of people , and the budget - friendly nature of the work , social media marketing campaigns are appealing to both businesses and consumers alike .
Get started creating unique and engaging content for your social followers and make an impact that drives sales and gets people pumped about your brand .
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
[ This is a repost from www.gamelogicdesign.com ]
This is an article for beginner game developers who are thinking of selecting ( or building ) their next game engine , with a lean towards online based games .
Before you can select your game engine you need to make a few choices .
Who is your target audience ?
Is it PC , PS3 , iPhones or anyone with a webbrowser ?
Then you will need to start looking for technology that you can use to develop for that platform .
This may give you a number of different solutions to choose from , after which you then pick one that best suits your needs based on your skill set and requirements .
The game platform (s )
Browser based
Before looking for the game engine you need to decide what platform ( or platforms ) you are going to be targeting and how you would like to deliver the game to your user .
Firstly lets look at a few delivery mechanisms .
You could create your game so that it runs within a browser .
This usually has the benefit of being easier to install and allowing the user to access the game from multiple machines .
I say " usually " because depending on your engine the user may still have to install some component on their system , that could be Flash , Silverlight , ActiveX controls or some other such thing .
And depending on the users browser and security permissions it may be difficult for the user to do .
Flash / Silverlight
Most machines these days trust Flash and have it installed .
So for a safe bet you could develop your game so that it can be played in flash .
However Silverlight is gaining momentum and I personally prefer Silverlight over Flash because ( 1 ) its free to develop for and ( 2 ) I already have C# development experience so I do n't have to learn Action Script ( and I personally know a lot more developers who also know .
Net languages which can also be used to develop in Silverlight ) .
Even though reskilling yourself is good , its also very good to see if you can take advantage of your existing skillset as well ( hence my Silverlight over Flash decision ) .
For those interested you can develop Silverlight applications by downloading the Visual Web Developer 2008 Express Edition .
Since I am not a flash user I can not say what is possible for flash .
But for Silverlight you can get access to some storage on the users computer to store extra files and information as a kind of caching if you feel the need .
It is called " Isolated Storage " .
Flash most likely offers a similar system as well .
Both Silverlight and Flash web apps now also have the ability to let the user run them directly from the users computer without being in a webpage .
They also allow you to let the user work offline , although for an MMO this has somewhat limited uses .
But this does allow for some more flexibility to how you deploy your application .
Now some of you may be wondering why I am bring up Flash and Silverlight at all in this discussion .
One reason is that you may very well decide to forgo the entire 3D route and stick to a nice tiled based 2D engine .
But the main reason is that you might like to offer some kind of interactive experience on your website and doing this with Flash or Silverlight communicating to your Game server could offer some interesting ideas ( a real time map of where everyone is in the world , running statistics ) .
ActiveX / Other
AJAX
3D in a Browser
Unity3D ( Its free for personal and commercial use ! )
Esperient Creator Torque3D
Remember also that 3D in the web browser is just around the corner with HTML5 and WebGL .
And with the ability of projects such as Project Darkstar offering a Javascript based client to communicate with a Project Darkstar Server we could see more 3D based MMO games being delivered straight into your browser using 3D graphics .
Mobile devices ( iPhone , iPodTouch , Android , Cell Phones , Zune ) .
There may also be a future in using Mobile phones to play MMO games ( well maybe just an MO since it might not be able to scale to something Massive on a phone just yet ) .
It is certainly possible to use RakNet ( a game networking engine ) with an iPhone and a custom back end server to create an MMO .
You could also look at what Google are doing with the Android platform .
You can make games for Zune using
To further investigate the iPhone path I can suggest taking a look at Consoles
If your dream is to make an MMO that runs on Playstation 3 , XBox360 or the Wii then there are also a few good commercial Game Engines that you could use to start up your company .
And here I say " start up your company " because unfortunately if you are going to make a game for these platforms then you will need to be a set up commercial company with a solid game idea that you can pitch to some executives at a Game Publishing house ( or try going direct to Microsoft , Sony or Nintendo if you are able to ) , with the exception of indie games for Xbox360 made with XNA studio ( more on this later ) .
Unreal Engine ( XBox360 and PS3 )
Unity3D ( Wii )
CryEngine3 ( XBox360 , PS3 )
There may also be a future in using Mobile phones to play MMO games ( well maybe just an MO since it might not be able to scale to something Massive on a phone just yet ) .
It is certainly possible to use RakNet ( a game networking engine ) with an iPhone and a custom back end server to create an MMO .
You could also look at what Google are doing with the Android platform .
You can make games for Zune using XNA Studio by microsoft so why not a MOG ?
To further investigate the iPhone path I can suggest taking a look at sio2 interactive , its an open source 3D game engine for iPhone and iPodTouch .
Perhaps you could hook this up with RakNet or Project Darkstar to make a 3D MMO .
If you have some money you could also just use something like Unity3D and publish to the iPhone ( as well as other platforms ) .
You could also use Photon and Neutron to have a complete networking solution developing with iPhone , Android , Unity , Win32 , .NET , J2ME , BREW and Flash .
If your dream is to make an MMO that runs on Playstation 3 , XBox360 or the Wii then there are also a few good commercial Game Engines that you could use to start up your company .
And here I say " start up your company " because unfortunately if you are going to make a game for these platforms then you will need to be a set up commercial company with a solid game idea that you can pitch to some executives at a Game Publishing house ( or try going direct to Microsoft , Sony or Nintendo if you are able to ) , with the exception of indie games for Xbox360 made with XNA studio ( more on this later ) .
And then of course you can always build your own Game Engine for these consoles as well ( more about this later ) .
Xbox360 XNA Studio
Now there is one exception to this rule and that is the Xbox360 .
Microsoft released the
PC / Mac / Linux based game engines .
There are a lot of game engines out on the market today , both Open Source and Commercial .
For a small list of engines , that I was investigating for various reasons , you can check out the Game Engine section in the links page
For an excellent resource to find an engine that suits your needs you could go to
For an excellent resource to find an engine that suits your needs you could go to http://www.devmaster.net/engines/ click on Advanced Search and select what you require .
Build your own using Middleware
Now you could write your own 3D engine , physics engine , scripting engine ... engine engine engine ...
In my opinion , do n't waste your time ( unless you are extremely passionate about learning the finer details ) , but seriously , do n't do it !
OR you could use Middleware ( free or commercial ) .
This is the approach I am taking .
The Game Engine For my game engine I have decided to not use any of the available game engines on the market .
Instead I am going to select individual middleware and put together my own game engine .
Why did I make this decision ?
Cost
By basing the engine on free middleware it not only saves me money but will also save you , the reader , money as well .
Now there is one exception to this rule and that is the Xbox360 .
Microsoft released the XNA Game Studio that you can use to develop games that get published directly to the Xbox360 and you can share them with the Xbox360 community in the Xbox Live Arcade .
Note that with XNA you can also publish to the Zune and PC so its not a bad platform for beginning programmers ( and you get to develop using C# which is a really nice language ) .
Now you could write your own 3D engine , physics engine , scripting engine ... engine engine engine ...
In my opinion , do n't waste your time ( unless you are extremely passionate about learning the finer details ) , but seriously , do n't do it !
OR you could use Middleware ( free or commercial ) .
This is the approach I am taking .
For my game engine I have decided to not use any of the available game engines on the market .
Instead I am going to select individual middleware and put together my own game engine .
By basing the engine on free middleware it not only saves me money but will also save you , the reader , money as well .
Bloat
The current game engines can do alot !
Sometimes they do so much that it can be overwhelming to use .
By using smaller parts it will keep the overall design of the game and the game engine alot simpler .
Portability
By selecting code that is cross platform it allows us the opportunity to develop a fully cross platform game .
Swappability
Source Code
Learning
Artist and Designer Friendly
How to make your own Game Engine using Middleware
What is required in a game engine ?
3D graphics engine
David H. Eberly
Animation System
Some engines these days offer Web based players ( Unity , Esperient , Virtools ) .
These allow you to use the engine with all its 3D abilities running it from within the users Web browser .
In reality the application is installed on the users computer and simply runs in a window within the Web browser .
They have varying abilities and usually sandbox the software so that the engine can not access the users files direction via the engines API .
You must also check which platform the web player supports .
For example some may only support Internet Explorer under windows , if your target audience is Mac users or even Firefox users then you are out of luck .
One product that has good support for multiple platforms and browsers is Unity3D Just to throw in one other way .
You could even write your entire MMO in javascript and do asychronous calls to your game server ( AJAX ) .
Just do a google search for AJAX MMO , you might be surprised what you find .
There are already a few products out on the market today that let you publish 3D games directly to the webbrowser .
These will run directly in the browser by using technology such as ActiveX controls .
Here are a few companies that currently offer this kind of technology ... Each part of the game engine can be swapped out for a different part if required .
Different sound system ?
Different physics ?
Different Rendering engine ?
Scripting ?
You can upgrade any of the middleware components yourself if you need to since you will have the source code .
Since this article is about how to develop a game engine for an online game I am going to show you what middleware you could choose and how to integrate it into your own game engine .
Finally I want the engine to be very easy to use by Artists and Designers .
It should be very simple to create new graphics and get them into the game .
Because of this I am going to write all the tools so that they work within Cinema4D .
Artists can design levels , create creatures , do animations and visualize that in the game with the click of a button .
This is the only part of the engine pipeline that actually costs money , but if you are going to make a game and need to create content then you should have at least one content creation application at your disposal .
Most , if not all , of the game engines on the market today do not have good modeling and animation toolsets .
And why should they ?
They do n't have to , they are a game engine not a modeling application .
This section will focus on what a game engine actually is and what parts are required to make a game engine .
One thing to keep in mind when searching for all these engines is to think about cross- platform ability , if you wish your game to be cross platform that is .
If your perfectly happy to just release for windows machines then who I am to judge .
The 3D graphics engine would be built on something such as OpenGL , DirectX or some custom software renderer .
It would be able to load in a scene file with geometry , textures and animations and display these to the screen .
It will also have good scene management , animation abilities , cameras and lights .
If you want to make your graphics look as shiny and realistic as possible then you may also decide to use hardware shaders in your engine .
You might even look into using normal maps and displacement maps to give a higher quality look to some low poly models .
I am not going to go into alot of detail here , there is simply too many things that could be discussed regarding 3d graphics engines .
However I will go over this in a lot more detail in later articles .
One thing to consider when choosing a graphics engine is your own level of programming ability .
So far the most easiest graphics engine I have come across today is the Irrlicht graphics engine .
Other engines may have a lot more features , but the added complexity of the code makes them hard to learn for beginners .
A few other engines which are free to use for commercial products are Ogre3D Crystal Space and Wild Magic .
Wild Magic is interesting because you can buy the book , by , that explains the entire engine and its design .
Another thing to consider when making your MMO is how much effort do you want to put into the graphics .
If you are thinking of something along the lines of World of Warcraft then Irrlicht may be fine for your needs .
But if you want to make something that has the graphics like that of the new MMO Aion , made using CryEngine that was used on Crysis , then you might have to look for a more commercial graphics engine .
But what I will say is that if you are serious about making an MMO , and you are a team of one to none , then just choose a simple graphics engine and concentrate on everything else , trust me you are going to have more than enough work to do without having to worry about getting some lens flare looking pretty when viewed near a normal mapped , high poly creature doing back flips with flaming god like particles flying out of its ear holes .
Sticking to a simple graphics engine that is understandable and easy to work with is a good place to start .
And I should point out that Irrlicht is more than adequate for your gaming needs .
For my project I will be using the Irrlicht graphics engine .
Now even though I mentioned above that the graphics engine can load in and display your animations you may still want to have a dedicated animation system .
This system would blend between different animations and maybe also blend keyframe animations in with physics driven simulations .
One common example is the mixing of Physics ragdoll simulations with imported motion capture data .
You might have a few actions that were captured in a motion capture suit , then sampled down to a reasonable amount of keyframes .
These are then imported into your animation system .
There could be a run cycle , walk cycle , firing a gun , getting shot etc ...
Perhaps when your character gets shot the physics system initially takes over the animation of the character flying away then as he is nearing the ground an animation that moves the character into a landing position is slowly blended in with the physics simulation to make the character appear like he has landed on his hands and knees , followed by a standing animation and then back to running at the opponent to kick there ass .
This kind of system could be done with some kind of state machine to move between the animations and also simple linear interpolation between what the physics engine is giving you and what your keyframes should be at a given time .
But in saying all this you do n't need to have such a system if you do n't want to .
You could just as easily getting away with straight switching of animations , which is what it looks like in a lot of games anyway , the player runs , then stops straight away , no slowing down from a run to walk to stopping .
But does it really matter ?
No not really .
The game play is still good , it just looks a little strange .
Not as strange however as players popping into different locations when walking around due to some server communication delay , but still a little strange .
Some systems that you could use to get this kind of system running are Havok Animation and software by Natural Motion
Physics Engine
Scripting engine
Networking engine
Sound engine
AI Engine
Resource Management , Memory management , file loading and streaming
And so now we move onto the Physics Engine .
Again , same decision as the animation system , is it really required .
And my answer to that is .... maybe .
Its up to you .
For an MMO I would not expect to create the same physical simulations on all players machines .
Instead I would let each animation system do its own thing on each client and the things that are controlled by physics would just be for effects purposes , ie exploding things with debris flying around or a large stack of boxes falling to the ground only to disappear from the scene 10 seconds later .
The reason for not keeping all clients in sync with all the physics objects is because it is too much networking overhead .
Sending the locations of every physics object in the world to every client just seems like a lot of work that 's not really required .
One other possibility is to have a dedicated server doing all the physics calculations and sending the data to every client , but again its a lot of work for not much gain .
Instead what I would do is have every client use their CPU and GPU to full potential and let things explode , fly around and bounce and blob all over the screen for pure graphics thrills .
I would not send any data about any of these physics objects the server , or any client ( if your doing a P2P game ) .
This gives you more freedom to make fancy stuff and not care about game objects in the scene .
As far as getting a physics engine goes you could write your own .
There are a lot of resources on the internet and writing one can be a lot of fun .
But since you want to make a game and not play around with some pretty hard maths and optimizations its best to use one of the excellent libraries that are already out there .
The most notable are Havok ODE and Newton Dynamics .
I will add more to the links pages as I find them ( and think they are any good ) .
PhysX was initially a company making physics cards what would sit in your computer along with your graphics card and provide a hardware boost to your physics .
This did n't take off and eventually NVidia bought them out , not for the hardware , but for the SDK they had .
It has since been optimized for their GPU's and now if you use the PhysX engine in your games and happen to be running a game on a computer using something higher than an NVidia 8800 GT then you should see some speed improvements .
It is free to use .
Havok is now owned by Intel and they have made it free to use for windows based game developers .
You can download a binary only distribution and get started straight away .
It comes with excellent integration with 3D applications such as Maya , Max and XSI .
If you decide to sell your game for more that $ 10 you will have to get a distribution license from Havok , but I think this may be free as well .
If you want to use it for any other purpose , such as PS3 or Xbox360 , then you will have to purchase the full license .
Bullet is an open source , cross platform , physics engine that is free to use .
You can also get all the code and add to it if you wish .
It has a large community following and is gaining increased momentum as the physics engine of choice for a lot of projects .
It is third in popularity according to a recent survey by the game developer magazine .
ODE and Newton Dynamics are two other open source physics engines .
It has been reported that ODE has some problems with simulation stability in some cases .
The Newton Dynamics engine is also a very popular physics engine and has been used in some simulation based projects as well as products like Esperient Creator
The one that I will use for my engine will be the Bullet engine A scripting engine is good for writing your game logic in .
The reason for its goodness is because you do not have to recompile one line of code , you could even set up your engine so that you could edit the scripts in game while its running .
This frees the game designer from having to worry about visual C++ , compiling code and other nasty stuff when all they really want to do is get into the game and tweak some of game logic for getting that last level playing super sweet .
There are a number of languages you could choose as your scripting language , each has their own pros and cons which I will not go into here .
Here is a list of some commonly used scripting languages in games ....
And once you have chosen your scripting language you will need an editor .
You could just use notepad of course ( or EditPlus or your favourite text editor of choice ) .
Or you could add an IDE to your engine by using something like Scintilla , which has nice syntax highlighting features .
One thing to mention here is that most of the game logic scripts for an MMO are actually run server side and not client side .
But even so there is alot of things that can be achieved by using a scripting engine on the client side as well .
And either way you will need to make a decision on the scripting language and how and where you are going to edit them anyway .
For my project I will be using C# via embedded Mono .
You need to be able to talk to your game server and send things like player locations , health information and 30 million creatures just spawned and attacked you at the same time information .
To do this you will need some sort of way of sending and receiving this information from the server .
You could go the hard ( or not so hard for some people ) way and write your own using sockets and TCP / IP .
Or you could decide to use one of the free or commercial packages out there to do all the underlying hard stuff for you .
I personally would rather spend as much time making the game than investigating some packets to see why the right information is not in them .
One good , and free until you earn a lot of money , engine is RakNet .
This is a cross platform C++ game networking engine .
But in addition to its ability to handle all game object replication and easy serialization and construction of game objects it also has a lot of other neat things that are ideal for making online games .
These being a Lobby system , voice communication , RPC ( Remote procedure calls ) and a patching system to download the latest data to the client machines to keep them in sync , very nice .
So you could in effect use this one system to handle all the communication to the server for your games and allow voice communication via P2P for players to communicate to each other .
If you were a flash developer you could use something like SmartFoxServer .
Its not just for flash however , you can also use it with Java , .
Net and iPhones etc ...
Perhaps you would like to code your game in Java .
If this is the case then take a look at Project Darkstar .
This is a fully capable back end server with client code for both Java and C ++.
You will still need to serialize the data yourself but the main communication mechanism is all in place and the server has full persistence of all game object data .
This means that it handles all the saving and loading of data for your world to the database for you so you do n't have to worry about it .
You can just write your server side game logic and get your game going .
There is also a commercial Networking engine called NetDog .
I do not know what projects it has been used on or its reputation , but it may be worth a look .
It is a commercial engine however and they do not disclose how much it costs .
And finally one other system is Photon .
Photon is interesting since it can be used in conjunction with Neutron to give a full MMO networking solution including the backend server and game logic scripting using C# and has SDKs for iPhone , Android , Unity , Win32 , .NET , J2ME , BREW and Flash .
For my project I am going to use RakNet for the Networking engine .
Your game will want to have sound .
Its a must really .
Without sound its really only half a game .
You will need to be able to load in sounds , change their basic characteristics , such as pitch , speed and tone .
Maybe add some effects over the top to distort or add reverb to the sounds ( or you could just have loads of preprocessed sound files of each type you require ) .
You will also need to be able to change the volume of the sounds and mix them together , perhaps pan around for stereo sound , maybe even go for 5.1 surround sound .
If you are going to use the Irrlicht graphics engine then you might consider using the Irrklang audio library since it works in with Irrlicht quite well .
Another well known sound library is OpenAL .
Where as Irrklang can cost anywhere from 0 Euro for non-commercial to 1950 Euro for a full commercial product , OpenAL is free .
OpenAL will be used for my project .
If your game has non player characters ( npc 's ) running around then you might also want to have an AI Engine to control them .
Bearing in mind that the main control for AI characters will most likely be done server side you might still want to have some purely client based characters running around in the game .
One such system for path finding is Havok AI .
Another , which is still being worked on , is IrrAI .
This is not really an engine but just something that you will need if you make a large scale game , such as an MMO .
You will need to be able to stream in data from the users hardrive while the game is playing and update your graphics , sound , animations etc ... on the fly .
You will also have to dump unused memory as you go along as well .
This is particularly required for textures and geometry as you move through a large open world .
You will need to pre load in various parts of the world in case the user is going to go that direction in the game .
If you keep your graphics and textures simple then you will have to do this less often , something to keep in mind .
Editors
To make your game you will need to be able to layout the levels , add sounds , setup characters with the right textures , animations , statistics etc ... for all this you will need one or more editors .
This section will go over some of the editors that you will require to make your games .
What kind of editors will you need
Level Editor
Sound Editor
Animation Editor
Character Editor
Particle Effects Editor
Facial Animation Editor
Content Creation
AI Editor
Other Editors
All in one editor
Building your own editors
Editor Platform
Editor in a web browser
Editor within the game ( Little Big Planet )
Windows / OSX / Linux based
Who is your target audience ?
GUI Systems
Build as much as you can into Maya , Max , Cinema4D
The Game Asset Pipeline
The level editor is how you create your game worlds .
It lets you load in geometry and place it in the world .
This is where you lay down the terrain , add trees , rocks and buildings .
Tell a building it has a certain amount of hit points before it will fall apart after been hit by multiple rockets .
You setup sound in your scene , where the sound direction is coming from and how large of an area the sound can be heard in .
You need to be able to add Trigger locations , usually in the form of a large wireframe sphere or cube , to the scene to trigger scripts , effects or sounds when a user comes in contact with the trigger .
Here you will setup the lighting of the game , perhaps some simple geometry for navmeshes ( Navigation geometry used by the AI system to determine where AI characters can walk ) as well as physics settings to mark things as solid or movable .
You will also place monsters , traps , treasures in your levels and many other things .
The list can go on and on .
Your levels might be broken up into zones in your world .
Each zone will be streamed in and out of the game engine as the players walk around the world .
The Level editor will need to be able to save all its data and export out all the settings in a file format that the game engine can use , most likely in the form of an XML file .
Unless you get a system that contains a level editor already in it , such as the CryEngine3 Sandbox Editor , you are going to have to build one yourself .
However another option is to incorporate all your tools into an existing system such as Maya , Max or Cinema 4D , more on this later .
The sound editor needs to be to load in sounds in various file formats , adjust and tweak the sound , make sounds loopable , remove static noise etc ... basically any sound editor out there on the market today will do the job .
You do not need to write your own sound editor .
If the sound editor you have chosen does n't output to the required file type for your sound engine in your game engine then you may have to use a separate converter to do the job .
This is usually not a problem since it will be handled by your asset pipeline , ie you check in the WAV file to the Digital Asset Management system and the asset pipeline system automatically converts it to an OGG file and saves that back into the Digital Asset Management system to be used by the game when it runs .
Unless you have a game engine that already has such a system you are going to have to write one of these yourself .
You can write it ontop of your graphics engine , but remember to keep it as separate as possible .
This system is mainly going to be used to setup characters with animations and setup the finite state machine to tell it how to blend between the different animations for that character .
As an example you might load in a mesh for a character .
Then select a few different run and walk cycles for the character and tell the game how it would blend between them using some non linear animation system .
You can then preview how the animation looks on the character .
You might even give this system the ability to tweak the animations a bit by modifying the keyframes .
But this is not really recommended since you will then have to remember this modifications and try to apply them each time you modify the original animation data in Maya , Max or Cinema4D .
This could very well be integrated with the Animation Editor itself .
The Character Editor would be where you setup a full character .
You select the mesh , maybe change some textures , tell it what abilities it has , what weapons it can carry , what its initial health points are , allowed spells etc ... anything you can think of that might be useful for setting up on this character should be able to be done in the Character Editor .
This could also include the animations , as described previously .
Now this is not to say that this data is the final definite data for the game .
The scripting system when the game is running could of course alter any of these values .
An editor to create particle effects like fire , smoke , explosions , waterfalls , rain and lots lots more .
This again is something that you will have to write yourself and is very specific to the graphics engine that you have chosen to use .
A lot of games these days have in - depth stories and complex character dialog .
If you want to have any of this stuff then you could look into creating a facial animation editor .
I will not go into this in too much detail other than to point out a few sites like lifemode Image - Metrics and Quidam Needless to say really but you will need a content creation package such as Maya , Max , XSI , Cinema4D , Modo , Blender or one of the many other products .
Each are good .
For my project I will be using Cinema4D Perhaps your game will have crowd simulations , a vehicle traffic system , bird flying around in some flocking behaviour or maybe each of your characters has their own brain and you need an editor to setup how everything works ... if this is the case then you may need some kind of AI Editor .
There are many other types of editors depending on the type of game you are making .
For example vehicle editors and tree editors to name just two .
Take a look at an engine like CryEngine3 or UnrealTechnology .
The number of things you can do with their technology is astounding .
Perhaps you might want to create an all in one editor , something like Crytek 's sandbox editor or the Unreal Engine .
This could even be based on your actual game engine and provide a play mechanism within the editor , ie WYSIWYP ( What you see is what you play ) functionality .
This is a nice idea and can easily be designed for .
But one thing to avoid is just jumping straight into the game engine and adding all this functionality .
It is still best to think about all these as just components that can be used independently .
By doing so you get a clear separation between the different parts of your system .
This is useful to stop any kind of spaghetti hacking code from making your system unusable .
You could create an editor so that is has each of these " sub-editors " as plugins .
Each of the sub-editors would work with their own data and file formats , but could be accessed via a unified UI .
These editors could use the game engine to preview the changes , but make sure not to make the game engine rely on any code from the editors , with the exception of perhaps the loading code .
An editor does not have to actually do anything other than allow the user to " edit " the data .
An editor could be something as simple as Notepad describing an XML file .
Eventually you will have to build an editor .
As I said previously an editor could be something as simple as a text editor for editing an XML document , or it could be a fully integrated 3D level editing and all in one monster super cool application .
Whatever the case may be you will need to learn a few things before you can create your level editor .
Firstly lets think about what platform your editor is going to be on ?
For a moment here I am going to expand upon a few things a bit further than 3D games .
Lets think about ways we could write editors for our games and where they might be used .
If your game is going to be silverlight of flash based then perhaps you might want to open up the opportunity for the community to create content for your games ( make levels etc ... ) by using some online editor .
It certainly is possible to create a level editor in Flash / Silverlight , have that publish content to a back end database and get real time updates in a game running on the web .
Just something to think about .
Perhaps you have heard of , or played , Little Big Planet for PS3 .
All the levels were created on the PS3 itself , and they have also allowed the community to create their own levels and share them with the world .
This is a very interesting concept and something that perhaps you may want to allow for yourself in your game engine .
This does n't have to be restricted to PS3 however , you could do this on any platform if you wish .
Going back to the idea of a flash / silverlight based game , the game itself could very easily be made into a level editor if that 's the kind of interaction that you wanted to provide your users .
The thing to note about this concept however is that if you are to do this , then ONLY do this .
By forcing yourself to only ever create levels within the game it will make your tools better .
If you cheat and say ... " hmmm I really just want to get this done , I will write an XML file and import that to create my level just this once " then you will get lazy and continue to do this over and over and your tools will never end up being any good for the end user to use .
Do you want your level editor to be used by Windows users as well as OSX and Linux users ?
Perhaps you want Solaris users to be able to edit levels .
Keep this in mind in the very beginning .
If you want your editors ( and in fact your entire game engine ) to be cross platform then you must care for this at the beginning of the project .
You can very easily get lost in a pile of really nice libraries and code that will only ever be usable on a single operating system .
One point to note here is the language that you choose .
If you are going to develop your editors ( or game engine ) in .
Net then you should consider looking at the Mono - Project .
This will let you run your .
Net applications on other operating systems , but you need to check what is supported in Mono before you start adding functionality to your application otherwise it might not run .
When building your editors you should keep in mind who is going to be using them .
What level of expertise do you think they will have , are they kids aged 5 years old making a simple play world for them and their friends or are they professional 3D graphics experts who already know how to make games , or anything in between .
When designing your editors you should try to keep things simple , try not to overwhelm the user with a million options on one screen .
And perhaps , maybe one day in the not so distant future , you may want to sell your system to a potential game developer .
If this is the case then you will have to provide lots of documentation and tutorials on how to use the system , so the easier it is to use the less work you have to do in documenting it all up .
To make your editor its best if you use an existing framework for doing GUI 's .
They can be a real pain .
I have used many of them over the years and I have n't actually found any of them to be perfect for my needs .
I am not going to go into much detail about the GUI systems other than to point you at a few and let you experiment for yourself .
I will say however that it is , in my opinion , very easy to develop 2D based level editors in .
Net using C#. But QT , or wxWidgets experts may say the same thing about their favorite system .
MFC pretty old microsoft technology ( windows only ) wxWidgets ( cross platform , open source ) QT ( cross platform , LGPL licence available ) Winforms or WPF ( Windows , or via Mono on linux )
One practice that is used within the games industry is to build the tools directly within your preferred 3D application .
This could be Maya , Max , Cinema4D , Blender etc ...
The benefit of doing this is that the artist do not have to be retrained in a new system .
They can stay within Cinema4D and create the characters , rig them up , add animation , textures , triggers , hit locations , create full levels with spawn points and navmeshes etc ...
These are then exported to an intermediate file format ( more on this in a later article on Digital Asset Management ) and then processed to get the assets into the right game format and away you go .
Most applications these days have features for adding extensive GUI 's , ways of marking up objects in the scenes ( IE physics , trigger points etc ... ) and also provide good API 's and scripting systems for exporting that data out again .
The main downside to this approach is that you will have to have a copy of the 3D application to edit your levels properly .
But if you are a small dev team then you will already have a 3D app of choice already .
And if your a large team then you can probably afford a couple more copies for a dedicated level editor , and possibly have some other non-graphics intensive editors built as simple .NET applications .
IE for setting up game object properties like hitpoints , weapons statistics etc ...
For my game engine most of the tools will be developed within Cinema4D .
It has a very extensive GUI system and allows you to create any kind of GUI functionality that you may need .
One final thing to mention about the level editors is that you should keep in mind the Game Asset Pipeline .
This is the flow of the content from the editors to the final game .
As an example a typical workflow for a 3D model would be to edit it in your 3D application , export the file to an intermediate file format , save the intermediate file format and its original 3d file in a digital asset management system , have some system that checks out the intermediate file and processes it extracting out different files required by the game engine in optimized file formats for that engine ( you might have a separate mesh file format , skeleton file , multiple animation files , textures , lights , camera files etc ... ) .
These game asset are then published to the game and viewed .
For my project Cinema4D will also contain functionality to hook up to a Digital Asset Management ( DAM ) system to store all versions of the levels and any intermediate files created from them .
There will be tools built directly within Cinema4D to load in assets , change them and check them back into the DAM .
You can also trigger a game preview which will process all the files and load up the game with the latest content .
If you are interested in getting started with Cinema4D plugin development then you can take a look at another article I wrote a month or so ago .
Deploying game content
Incremental updating
P2P delivery
Some all in one systems have a method of deploying their games , usually a " one click deployment " method .
These work quite well for all in one solutions such as Esperient Creator or Unity3D .
What they generally do is convert all the assets to the required game format required by the game .
These files are then packaged up ( maybe like a Zip file as in the Quake pk3 files ) .
The file is then copied over to a location with all the executable files for the game and voila !
You have a game ready to ship .
Now what about doing updates to a game sometime after release ?
You could ask the client to download patches to the game .
Or you could let the game engine itself look for updates .
This could happen while the game is running and do some sort of hot loading , or you could make it happen when the game starts up .
When it starts it downloads the latest files from the server and then runs .
You can in fact do this very easily using RakNet
Another interesting way of delivering content could be for clients to tell a game server where they are located and then each player could download the files from the nearest player via a P2P mechanism .
This would reduce the load on the asset server by not having to upload potential gigabytes of data to every user when an update is required .
MMO Development Suites
Conclusion
As I fnish up this article I would like to list some other technology that allows you to get up and running with your own MMO without too much effort .
The following is by no means an extensive list of current engines that are out there on the web today .
This is just a small selection of what I have found to be the most talked about engines out there that let you jump straight into creating your own MMO games with out too much effort .
There are also some others in my links section of my website .
For a good survey of other engines you can checkout this link at devmaster
After reading this article you should have a better understanding of what might be required in a Game Engine .
You should make sure to explore many of the game engine components out on the internet today and become familiar with at least a few of them .
Unity3D has just released a version that is free for Indie developers and Epic Games has also released a free version of the Unreal Engine as well .
Other engines such as Crytek 's CryEngine , that ships with the game Crysis , is something you should also consider having a look at .
But if your not into 3D then checkout the many flash based MMO development kits and see what suits your needs there as well .
Whatever you do make sure you keep having fun , since as soon as it starts feeling like hardwork you will loose momentum and your game may never end up being finished .
But like alot of people out there already say ... is a game ever " really " finished ?
' You do n't know who you 're messing with ' : Vatican priest caught in red light district after police chase
St Peter 's Basilica , where Father Burgazzi is a master of ceremonies
A Vatican priest led police on a high speed car chase leaving three officers injured after being caught in a red light zone , a court has heard .
Father Cesare Burgazzi , 51 , said he ' floored ' his Ford Focus car after he mistook the plain clothes officers who tried to flag him down during a spot check as robbers .
During the twenty minute early hours chase - which was described in court as " like something from a Hollywood movie " two police cars crashed and three police left injured .
The court in Rome heard that Father Burgazzi was a priest who worked at the Vatican 's State Department and was also a master of ceremonies at St Peter 's Basilica .
Officers gave chase after Father Burgazzi was spotted driving slowly in the Valle Giulia , an area of Rome well known for prostitution and transsexuals , and flagged down but instead drove off at high speed .
When he eventually stopped he told stunned officers : " You have no idea who I am .
You do n't know who you are messing with , " not before he had tried to drive his car at them .
Father Burgazzi is accused of wounding , resisting arrest and failing to produce documents for the car or his identity when stopped .
His lawyer , Gianni Lostia , told the court in Rome : ' My client is not a user of prostitutes or transsexuals - he did not have condoms in his car and he contests the police 's claim that the front seats were reclined .
' He was simply on his way home after a night out at a restaurant with priest friends .
He thought the officers who had tried to stop him were trying to rob him and he panicked and drove off . '
Prosecutor Maria Bice Barborini asked the judge for an 18 month jail sentence while lawyers representing the injured officers said they were looking for 20,000 Euro damages for each of them .
The case has been adjourned until later this month for sentencing .
MySpace , rumored to be on the verge of purchasing the free music streaming site imeem , is struggling to keep up with its own payments to music copyright holders , according to a top News Corp executive — a problem that has plagued every other licensed free music service .
The digital music doubters could be right with the contention that advertising revenue can't cover the costs of licensing music .
Meanwhile , illegitimate free music sources continue to proliferate , rendering paid music subscriptions irrelevant for most music fans .
Advertising was supposed to be music 's magic bullet , enabling fans to get the free music they 're going to find anyway while contributing at least something to copyright holder coffers .
That dream is fading fast .
As legitimate sources for free on - demand music dry up , fans will likely head back to file sharing networks , which is bad news for everyone involved in music — except for , perhaps , hard drive manufacturers .
Evidence and rumors are mounting to support the idea that free music websites are unfeasible .
MySpace Music — the on - demand , ad - supported music service not to be confused with the band pages on the site — is losing money and could soon add a subscription option .
News Corp Digital head Jon Miller answered his own questions on the topic last week at a conference in Monaco .
" Do I think the freemium model works , consistent with earlier discussions ?
Yes I do .
Has that been figured out ?
No , it has n't , but it 's certainly something to look at , " said Miller .
" Is [ Myspace Music ] profitable ?
No , it 's not .
On an operating basis it 's getting in , but no , because of the payments due to the music companies . "
Ad -supported music service imeem , which has been the subject of considerable speculation related to its running out of money over the past year , is reportedly in late - stage discussions to be acquired by MySpace , which has its own problems , as mentioned above .
Like MySpace , imeem 's biggest challenge has been covering payments to labels .
MOG , which planned to launch a free , ad - supported on - demand streaming service , decided that was impossible and went with a $ 5 / month subscription instead .
Spotify pushed back its U.S. launch to early next year , with CEO Daniel Ek admitting that when the service launches in the states , it might not be the same as it was in Europe where music fans enjoy a free , ad - supported version of the software or a 10 - euro - per - month subscription option that removes the ads .
A bundled version of the service that comes with your smartphone or ISP is an increasingly likely option .
Google added play buttons to its music search results that allow anyone to listen to a song once for free through Lala or MySpace 's iLike service , after which they have to pay for it .
If Google can't figure out a way to support something with ads , it arguably can not be done .
YouTube remains the only licensed , free , on - demand music service that promises to break even , mostly because the visual nature of the services makes users more likely to encounter advertisements on the site .
When the labels launch their Vevo YouTube spin - off , they hope to generate even more money from ads than YouTube does .
The upshot of the labels ' licensing demands : Music will continue its transformation into something that accompanies a visual element .
See Also :
The Company of Myself
A " cooperate with yourself " platformer in the same vein as Chronotron and Use Boxmen .
Duplicate yourself and rely on your previous actions to reach the goal .
On 11/16/09 , at approximately 11:15 p.m. , an officer was doing an area check for a victim of an assault in the 600 block of 7
Av when she came across a male screaming for help , as he was impaled on the top of a metal fence .
Seattle Fire Department ( SFD ) was called immediately and officers supported the male to prevent further injury due to the subject becoming weaker .
When SFD arrived they removed the male from the spike and transported him to Harborview Medical Center ( HMC ) for treatment .
Believing that this male might have been involved in the assault officers were doing an area check for , the officers contacted the male at HMC .
The male claimed he was not being chased , but rather he thought he was a ninja and would be able to successfully leap over the 4 ’ - 5 ’ fence .
Clearly he was overconfident in his abilities , no doubt bolstered by alcohol .
' I once met someone who was afraid of layers .
Layers !
I asked her what would happen if she was served Walls Viennetta for pudding .
She went pale '
Over Halloween , a " phobia store " opened up at the London Bridge Experience ( the agglomeration of tourist attractions and emporia that have sprung up round the city 's old dungeons ' n ' plague pits , to prove once more the truth of the ancient maxim that the suffering of ages + time = Perspex keyrings at £ 2.50 a pop ) .
It allowed you not to buy a phobia , as those of you who habitually let your commitments to semantic orthodoxy override your commonsense might have assumed , but to face your fears – spiders , rats , snakes , whatever – by getting up close and personal with the objects of said fears , thereby overcoming them .
And , ideally , buying a keyring to celebrate on your way out .
I could n't go myself because my own phobias include not just hair * , walking barefoot on carpet ** and touching the underside of bags *** , but also sites of historical interest crawling with young actors in period costume who are slowly being driven into madness by the flickering image of Ben Whishaw that dances on the inside of their eyelids whenever they try to sleep .
But also , I can never get wholly behind any drive to cure people 's phobias .
For a start , they make great conversational fodder at parties .
Personal , but not too personal .
Unlike discussing someone 's job or children , discussing a phobia wo n't lead to sudden outbursts of uncontrollable weeping .
If it were that severe , they would have stayed at home for fear of stray hairs landing on their jumpers ( or , you know , whatever ) , so you 're quite safe .
And , unlike discussing someone 's dreams or star sign , it is not pulverisingly boring .
It is , in fact , fascinating .
You never know what dark fears and hatreds are crawling around inside people 's brains .
Forget spiders and snakes .
Boring !
I once met someone who was afraid of layers .
Layers !
I asked what would happen if she was at a work dinner and they served Wall 's Viennetta for pudding .
She went pale and shrank back into her chair .
" They would n't ! " she said , horrified .
" They could n't ! "
Actually , I do n't think she 's been out since .
Within my own circle of friends , I have two who are afraid of buttons , one who starts climbing the curtains if anyone puts metal – money , say , or a belt with a buckle on it – on the bed , another who has to be talked down from a ledge if she spies crushed up paper anywhere nearby .
And I have spent my life checking out pubs , shops , hotels and restaurants for my best friend , who has always had a quite spectacular fear of stuffed animals .
I once overlooked a tiny robin , nailed to a Victorian mahogany perch in the farthest recesses of a Cotswolds hostelry .
It was barely visible to the naked eye .
Sally walked in and leapt straight backwards to Carlisle , leaving only a strangulated cry behind .
The best thing about phobias , however , is that they are superb levellers , and a powerfully unifying force once shared .
You do n't need to walk a mile in another person 's shoes .
You just need to hear that they , too , are secretly consumed by fear of a wholly innocuous entity .
Et voilà , the acknowledgment of your shared madness and humanity .
I asked about the Viennetta in a spirit of curiosity , not mockery , I promise .
Who am I , who cannot even name the horrors that would befall me if I took off my shoes in a strange house , to laugh at anyone ?
A hatred of the unblinking stare of dead animals might be more immediately comprehensible than a hatred of buttons , but all phobics are members of a single brotherhood – the brotherhood which understands that inanimate objects want us dead .
Stay strong .
* Loose ; not attached to head ; roaming free and seeking to wrap itself around my fingers ; I 've actually made myself retch , typing that .
And I hope you 're happy .
** And now I 'm crying as well .
Thank you so much .
*** You do n't know where they 've been and therefore you could die .
Fact .
Innovative Legal Solutions Delivered with the Personalized Approach You Deserve .
No matter what the issue , every legal case begins the same way : A client sits down with a lawyer and tells a story .
The facts may be different in every case , and every client will have a unique set of concerns and questions about his or her rights , but at the end of the day , the foundation of any legal matter is the attorney - client relationship .
Why Choose Decaro & Howell P.C. Over 30 Years of Experience
Personal Attention On Every Case
Local Representation
Flexible Appointment Availability
Free Initial Consultation
Schedule Now And Protect Your Rights Client Testimonials
At The Law Office of DeCaro & Howell , P.C. , our mission is to provide results - driven legal counsel while transforming the experience of working with a lawyer .
Our core areas of practice — those involving tax and other financial matters — affect our clients ’ lives in very profound ways and can generate significant anxiety .
While our most important goal is to help our clients resolve their legal dilemmas , we believe it is just as important to give our clients confidence and peace of mind during the process .
We offer innovative legal solutions in a client - first environment .
Discover what Makes Our Firm Different
Financial issues often overlap : A small - business owner may need special estate planning help in addition to traditional business counsel , and an individual taxpayer facing significant tax debt may need to consider bankruptcy options .
No matter how financial issues touch your life , it is essential that your lawyer have experience handling the full spectrum of legal issues involved .
Our firm stands out because our attorneys are highly experienced in all these areas of the law .
They have learned from five combined decades in practice how to respond to legal issues involving personal or business finances — and how to look ahead and find ways to prevent financial issues from causing problems down the road .
Contact Our Maryland Firm | Legal Help Throughout The Beltway
With main offices in Upper Marlboro and in Northern Virginia by appointment , we can help individual and business clients throughout the Beltway .
Schedule a consultation to discuss your case by calling ( 301 ) 882-2585 or send an email .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
X Factor judge Simon Cowell has said he wants to run a series of " prime time " TV debates on key political issues ahead of the next general election .
The music impresario told the BBC he wanted to create a " bear pit " atmosphere , with a live studio audience and viewers voting via telephone .
The debates could deal with subjects including capital punishment , the Afghan war and immigration , he added .
Gordon Brown 's spokesman said he welcomed attempts to promote democracy .
He added that Mr Cowell and others would be encouraged to offer ideas .
More than 10 million people voted for the Factor final on Sunday on ITV1 , with more than 19 million watching the show .
' Could do it '
Conservative leader David Cameron and Lib Dem counterpart Nick Clegg have said they are keen to take part in a US - style televised debate ahead of the next general election , which has to happen by 3 June next year .
The prime minister has also said he is willing in principle to take part in televised leader debates , focusing on specific issues .
However , Mr Cowell 's proposal is less like a presidential - style forum and more like X Factor , won this year by Joe McElderry , a teenager from South Shields .
I get to a point sometimes where I get overloaded
Simon Cowell
There 's something about Simon
He told BBC Two's Newsnight he wanted to put on a show where a large studio audience was divided up according to its view on an issue .
There would , he said , be a red telephone to allow politicians to ring in to state their case .
Asked whether capital punishment might be included as a subject , Mr Cowell said : " Well , we could do it .
We could ask the question . "
Will Young , a winner of X Factor 's predecessor Pop Idol , appeared on the BBC One political discussion show Question Time last year .
Mr Brown faces Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg most Wednesday lunchtimes for prime minister 's questions in the House of Commons .
But Sir George Young , the shadow leader of the Commons , has recently suggested moving it to Thursday evenings , where it could compete with the likes of Eastenders , Emmerdale , Coronation Street and The Bill .
Watch Newsnight 's interview with Simon Cowell on Newsnight on Monday 14 December 2009 at 2230 GMT on BBC Two , then afterwards on the Newsnight website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PAN , December 9 , 2009
Javed Hamim Kakar
KABUL : Thousands of university students protesting against US forces in eastern Nangarhar province blocked the Kabul - Jalalabad Highway for hours on Wednesday .
DARONTA , Dec 9 , 2009 : Students of Nangarhar University burn a US flag during a protest demonstration against US forces for killing civilians in an operation in neighboring Laghman province .
Thousands of protesting students blocked the Kabul - Jalalabad Highway for several hours .
( Photo : PAJHWOK / Abdull Moheed Hashimi ) DARONTA , Dec 9 , 2009 : Students of Nangarhar University burn a US flag during a protest demonstration against US forces for killing civilians in an operation in neighboring Laghman province .
Thousands of protesting students blocked the Kabul - Jalalabad Highway for several hours .
( Photo : PAJHWOK / Abdull Moheed Hashimi )
The demonstration was staged by Nangarhar University students in Daronta district to denounce the US forces ' operation in Laghman province , where 15 civilians were allegedly killed .
The operation in the village of Armal on the outskirts of Mehtarlam triggered a violent protest .
Hundreds of villagers on Tuesday brought the bodies to Mehtarlam and placed them in front of the Governor 's House .
One person was killed when ANA soldiers opened fire at the protesters .
Local officials blamed the US Special Forces for conducting the operation , but the NATO - led ISAF insisted only militants were killed in the offensive .
President Hamid Karzai has ordered a thorough probe into the killings and directed the Ministry of Interior to submit a report in this regard .
The Defence Ministry and NATO commander Gen McChrystal have also ordered the constitution of a team of Afghan and foreign forces to jointly investigate the operation .
A student of the Engineering Faculty at the Nangarhar University , Imranullah Kakar , told Pajhwok Afghan News more than 3,000 students participated in the demonstration .
The students blocked the Kabul - Jalalabad for hours .
The demonstrators chanted slogans against US President Barack Obama , President Hamid Karzai , US forces , Afghan National Army ( ANA ) and the National Directorate of Security ( NDS ) .
A student of the Shariah Faculty , Imaduddin Kakar , said the government had failed to stop attacks from US forces on civilian houses .
During the protest , a convoy of US forces that wanted to pass the area returned to Jalalabad after 20 minutes of wait .
( CNN ) --
An al Qaeda spokesman released a video message in English offering condolences to its " unintended Muslim victims " killed in attacks in Afghanistan , Pakistan and elsewhere .
Adam Gadahn , also known as Azzam the American , appeared in a 17 - minute video released on Islamist online forums late Friday .
Al Qaeda " have condemned and continue to condemn " all attacks by Western powers or " secular political forces , " Gadahn said .
" We express our condolences to the families of the Muslim men , women and children killed in these criminal acts , " he said in the video .
" And we ask Allah to have mercy on those killed and accept them as shohadaa ( martyrs ) . "
" We also express the same in regard to the unintended Muslim victims of the mujahedeen 's operations against the crusaders and their allies and puppets , and to the countless faceless and nameless Muslim victims of the murderous crusades " in Afghanistan , Pakistan 's Waziristan regions and Swat Valley , and elsewhere , he said .
It is a rare example of al Qaeda offering condolences to the families of those killed in the group 's own attacks .
The video comes nearly two weeks after U.S. President Barack Obama announced the deployment of 30,000 additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan , as part of a strategy to reverse the Taliban 's momentum and stabilize the country 's government .
Obama said he would begin sending the additional troops in early 2010 , with the goal of starting to withdraw all forces from Afghanistan by July 2011 .
The additional forces , Obama said , will help accelerate the handing over of responsibility to Afghan forces .
U.S. commander :
We cannot have endless surge
The video did not address the troop surge , but Gadahn had a general warning to any countries partnering with the United States in the region .
" Those who have made the foolish decision to stand with America and its allies in their losing war against Islam ... you have not only betrayed Islam and Muslims and left the fold of faith , but you have also caused the destabilization of nations and the displacement ... of thousands of weak and oppressed people , " Gadahn said .
" The blood of countless Muslims is on your hands , and the security and very future of the countries you claim to defend and serve has been placed in jeopardy because your external enemies are taking advantage of your heedlessness as you fight and kill your fellow countrymen for American dollars . "
The al Qaeda member is an American - born Muslim convert who has released video and audio statements in the past .
Gadahn is on the FBI 's list of most - wanted terrorists .
The FBI says Gadahn was indicted in the Central District of California for treason and material support to al Qaeda , charges related to Gadahn 's alleged involvement in a number of terrorist activities , including providing " aid and comfort " to al Qaeda and services for al Qaeda .
Pakistani news outlets reported twice in 2008 that Gadahn had been killed by a predator drone strike , but al Qaeda then released a video message by Gadahn to prove he was still alive .
Al Qaeda uses Gadahn to issue messages to a wider and English - speaking audience .
His whereabouts are unknown .
Many analysts believe Gadahn remains in touch with al Qaeda 's second - in - command , Ayman al - Zawahiri .
What do you do if you want to vote today but have a fervent opposition to using a computer ?
You get screwed , that 's what .
Rad Rich , who pretty much founded the punk scene in town in many ways , went to vote today .
He then concisely described his experience for Hands Up Houston 's message board : " I was told I cant vote because I refuse to use the computers so I was denied the right to vote .
F U Houston and I have filed a complaint . "
Houston is trembling , we 're sure .
We have n't heard back from Rad Rich , but we did talk to Hector DeLeon of the Harris County Clerk 's office , and he confirmed that if you refuse to use the eSlate machines , you have no other options today .
" There may be some other jurisdictions that offer another method of voting , but only if it would be easy for them because there were not many voters , " he says .
If Harris County decided to offer a paper - voting method , he says , it would involve printing untold numbers of ballots for each precinct , not to mention special security measures to protect them .
" It 's a complicated thing , " he says .
Technically , you could vote by a mailed absentee ballot , but that would involve swearing you will be out of town on election day .
Anyone who has a Code of Honor that prevents using computers would surely balk at lying .
Although we guess that person could make plans to stay at the Bellaire Starbucks for most of the day .
Update : Rad Rich responds !
He 's not a Luddite , he 's wary of vote - stealing .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
It ’s January 2011 .
The GOP is about to assume control of both houses of Congress — having been voted in by a public deeply suspicious of Democrats after President Barack Obama conducted clandestine talks with President Felipe Calderon of Mexico and Prime Minister Stephen Harper of Canada .
But two days before the new conservative majority is to be sworn in , Obama announces that this Congress will not be seated , that the United States ( a creation of “ racists and warmongers ” ) will be replaced by a North American Union , that the US Constitution will be dissolved , and that private ownership of firearms will be outlawed ( as part of a United Nations treaty banning firearms globally ) .
In response , millions rise up , and the Revolution begins .
A Glenn Beck movie project ?
Perhaps .
But it ’s also the premise for a new online computer game hosted by a website called United States of Earth .
In the game ’s scenario , 20 million armed American “ patriots ” begin seizing local and federal government offices .
These are the same people whose earlier Tea Party protests had been ignored and dismissed by the mainstream media .
Now , they post bounties for government employees .
There ’s fighting in every state .
Meanwhile , Lou Dobbs has been disappeared , and Glenn Beck has been found dead of an “ aspirin overdose . ”
Rush Limbaugh , Michelle Malkin , Sean Hannity , and Bill O’Reilly have been rounded up , and Fox News forcibly shut down .
The US military refuses to come to Obama ’s rescue .
His loyalist forces of 40,000 end up controlling merely three counties in Virginia , while an allied force is in charge of three counties near Washington , DC .
The Federal Reserve also controls two of its own counties , as does the Cong ( the remnants of the Democratic Congress ) .
A collection of pro-Obama black nationalists and Islamic fundamentalists have a hold on two counties .
What can you do as a player ?
You can join the patriots trying to capture Obama and defeat the Cong .
The website notes that this rudimentary World of Warcraft - type multiplayer game — titled “ 2011 Obama ’s Coup Fails ” — is merely “ an action - packed , satire - filled ” entertainment .
But it does say , “ If current events keep transpiring as they are , then 2011 Obama ’s Coup may in fact become a dark chapter in American History . ”
This game , though , is no right - wing plot to foment anti-Obama paranoia .
Its organizers — who are not identified on the site — are a small group of Ron Paul - loving libertarians living in Brooklyn , according to Michael Russotto , one of this band .
He insists the game ’s designers and editors are not advancing any partisan agenda and that this anti-Obama scenario is one stunt they ’ve devised to bring people into their larger “ United States of Earth ” project , in which players build their own empires and try to “ dominate other members ’ regimes across real - world maps . ”
According to Russotto , the site ’s designers despise Democrats and Republicans , and they will show their political balance next week , when the site introduces an “ Ambush Bush ” scenario , which will give players the chance to hunt down the ex-president in Texas .
Why did the site kick off with an anti-Obama narrative ?
“ For the most publicity , ” remarks Russotto , who says he ’s 40 years old but who wo n’t provide any information on his background or previous work experience .
( “ I do n’t want anyone coming after me , ” he remarks . )
Russotto notes , “ There ’s a lot going on with Fox , the White House , and we wanted to capitalize on that . ”
The site certainly has attracted people brimming with anti-Obama rage and has become a platform for their anger .
A mock news feed on the site written by unnamed players contains a series of right - wing fantasies .
Michelle Malkin writes the Second Declaration of Independence .
Rep. Barney Frank , the “ banking queen , ” escapes the people ’s militia “ dressed as an ugly hag . ”
The pro-Obama forces are responsible for mass graves .
The “ almost illiterate ” Rep. Maxine Waters hides out “ with the poor in the shanty town she helped create due to the fake Global Warming , Health and other various Communistic bills . ”
Hillary Clinton is captured after trying to use children as a human shield .
Sarah Palin attacks “ several Hamas warriors ” working with Rahm Emanuel .
Barack Obama proclaims himself “ the Legendary Lost Imam . ”
It ’s mostly juvenile stuff for sophomoric Obama foes .
But a libertarian message is included in the mix .
As the Obama forces are being squashed by patriots , Rep. Ron Paul is running for president and actually in a position to win .
“ We faced total collapse at the hands of the fascists in both parties and finally America is waking up to that fact , ” Paul tells supporters .
“ It is unfortunate we had to lose thousands of lives across our great nation to get to this realization . ”
Russotto says that already the game has thousands of players , and that he and his partners hope they can eventually make money off it .
( Players join for free , but they can pay for additional assets to use when they play . )
He promises that the forthcoming anti-Bush version will be cheered by Huffington Post readers .
For now , though , the site is a right - wing wet dream .
It is indeed another indication of how Ron Paul devotees can be imaginative .
But the notion that Paul can become president may be the most far - fetched fantasy of their entire enterprise .
A correction pertaining to the opinion piece below by Rahila Gupta was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Monday 1 February 2010
An article on trafficking into the sex trade has been written by the investigative reporter Nick Davies , whose reputation will lend authority to it – although it is a hugely selective piece of reporting of the available research .
The article purports to show that so few women are trafficked into the sex trade that the policy , services and funding focus on it is completely misplaced .
The debate on trafficking is bedevilled by the lack of credible data – but the parallels are not with the weapons of mass destruction case , as Davies suggests , which was ultimately verifiable , but with other subterranean issues such as domestic violence or rape .
The widely accepted statistic that one in four women experience violence , for example , is based largely on anecdotal evidence and extrapolations from local surveys .
It could be similarly taken apart by anyone who wanted to assert that the case was overblown , because ultimately the numbers are unknowable .
The piece opens with a clever piece of sophistry that suggests trafficking does not exist .
Davies claims that " The UK 's biggest ever investigation of sex trafficking failed to find a single person who had forced anybody into prostitution " – which seems to suggest that prostitution is generally a voluntary activity , an argument developed in the rest of the piece .
However , it is actually saying that it failed to find traffickers .
I have interviewed police officers who say it is extremely difficult to use the trafficking laws to bring people to justice .
Peter Spindler , the police officer who headed Operation Paladin , a three - month investigation into unaccompanied children entering the country through Heathrow , has talked about the difficulties of obtaining convictions for trafficking .
" We 've got all the offences , but they are so complicated to prove .
We have had a number of convictions for facilitation where organised criminals have been paid to bring children in .
The problem with trafficking is that you 've got to prove exploitation , " he says .
In spite of these problems , we discover from a parliamentary answer from Alan Campbell in June that 267 people have been prosecuted under the Sexual Offences Act 2003 , which led to 109 convictions , a remarkably high percentage .
This fact does not appear in Nick Davies 's article , despite his extensive research .
There are other notable absences : there is no mention of the report into trafficking by a home affairs committee , published in May , which gave an estimate of 5000 trafficked women and children in the UK , based on an aggregation of the figures provided by those working in this field .
Nor does the article make a distinction between smuggling and trafficking .
When Davies refers to the conviction of criminals for " transporting willing sex workers " he is talking of smuggling , where the smugglers and those smuggled in are equally guilty before the law .
On this basis , prostitutes were regularly criminalised and deported before trafficking legislation was brought in to safeguard women who had been coerced into the work .
The European convention on action against trafficking in human beings , in its limited way , shifts the focus from criminalisation to the protection of women .
It is self - serving and reckless for the sex workers ' lobby to argue against trafficking legislation simply because recognition of the scale of the problem undermines a central plank of their argument : that prostitution is freely chosen .
Davies quotes only those sex - worker groups who feel that their right to work as prostitutes is under attack from anti-trafficking initiatives .
A recently formed group of ex-sex workers , Esso , believe that only 2 % of women freely choose prostitution .
Their leaflet declares that they are fighting , " for a world where females are not bought and sold like commodities ; our orifices just another currency , our labour and lives and sexuality expendable " .
Fiona Broadfoot , an ex-prostitute , who set up the Exit project to help women in a similar situation , said they " could n't put one foot in front of another without taking £ 400 worth of crack " .
Even outside the debate on trafficking , there has to be a much more nuanced approach to choice and compulsion .
Many women are deliberately addicted by pimps so that they stay on the game in order to finance their habit , while others report that they cannot get through a working day unless they are drugged to their eyeballs .
The UK government 's actions are part of a concerted European attempt to tackle trafficking .
If sex trafficking is a chimera , then not only the UK but the EU has been duped .
To challenge the scale of the problem in the UK , you have to challenge the Europe - wide response .
Women are often pushed around various parts of Europe .
" Natasha " , a 17 - year - old Russian girl I met , was taken to Brussels and made to work there before she was sold on to a trafficker in London .
Her pimp was convicted and imprisoned for seven years , but only because she finally agreed to the harrowing experience of giving evidence against a man who had terrorised her .
Women like her already face a " culture of disbelief " among immigration officials keen to reduce the number of women who get leave to remain in this country on the basis of their experiences .
Articles such as this will only make things worse for them .
To get governments to part with resources needs a robust , evidence - based case .
That is how the Poppy project for trafficked women got started : trafficked women were being deposited on their doorstep ( because their parent organisation Eaves provides housing for other vulnerable women ) and there was no expertise or funding to deal with them .
There is a snide attempt to discredit Poppy by implying that their Home Office funding gives them a vested interest in inflating the figures .
However , Poppy 's 25 bed spaces has recently been upgraded to 54 , and they still have to turn women away .
Demolishing police figures does not prove that trafficking into the sex trade is so minuscule that it does n't matter .
Come on Nick .
You can do better than that .
by
Is this the new cooling technology ?
The G - Five KTNO2 is designed like an aircraft wing
Designers use examples from the nature to make it to their advance .
Shanzai.com says on their homepage
” the key feature is the teardrop shaped hinge that allows the netbook to open well past 90 degrees , and when closed operates like an aircraft ’s wing … ”
Specs :
Processor : 1.6GHz Intel Atom
Memory : 1GB DDR2
HDD : 160GB
Display : 10.2 ” 1024 x 600 LCD
Ports : 2xUSB , VGA , 3G SIM slot , card reader , RJ45
Other : Bluetooth , 1.3 Mp camera
Dimensions : 265 x 193 x 23.5 mm
Weight : 1.26kg ( 0.90 kg if user is moving )
more specifications and images via Shanzai ’s specs page
Do you like the Design of this netbook ?
found via eeePCnet
Everyone thinks about the meaning of life from time to time .
But studying philosophy gives you the opportunity to ponder the big questions .
What is reality ?
Do emotions conflict with reason ?
How do we reconcile different world views ?
The OU ’s philosophy programme is based broadly on the Anglo - American tradition and gives you a choice of different study options .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) -
An Iranian court has sentenced to death a man who took part in opposition protests over a disputed election in June , a reformist website reported on Thursday .
Mowjcamp , which gave no source for the report , said Mohammad - Reza Ali-Zamani was informed of the verdict on Monday .
It did not give details about the charges against him .
A semi-official news agency , Mehr , said in August he was accused of fighting against the Islamic establishment and active membership of a “ terrorist ” monarchist association , and other crimes .
There was no immediate comment from the authorities .
There have been no other reports of death sentences issued against people involved in huge demonstrations that erupted after the poll , which the opposition says was rigged to secure the re-election of hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Ali -Zamani was among more than 100 opposition supporters , including senior reformist figures , who were accused of fomenting post- election street unrest in a series of mass trials that got under way in August .
Mowjcamp said he had made “ extensive confessions ” during his trial .
Reformist politicians have condemned the court sessions as “ show trials . ”
Reformist former President Mohammad Khatami , who backed opposition leader Mirhossein Mousavi in the election , has said confessions made at the trials were obtained under “ extraordinary conditions ” and were invalid .
Analysts see the mass trials as an attempt by the authorities to uproot the moderate opposition .
Under Iranian law , death sentences can be appealed to a higher court .
“ He was transferred on Monday from Evin prison ward 209 to Revolutionary Court number 15 , presided over by judge Salabati , and the execution verdict was communicated to him , ” Mowjcamp said in its report about Ali-Zamani .
In its August report , Mehr said he was also accused of propaganda activities against the Islamic establishment and taking part in rallies with the aim of undermining national security .
It said he is 37 years old .
The June election plunged Iran into its deepest internal crisis since the 1979 Islamic revolution , when the U.S. - backed shah was toppled .
The authorities have portrayed the street protests as a foreign - backed bid to undermine the Islamic state .
The opposition says more than 70 people were killed in the unrest , more than double the official estimate .
Rights groups say thousands of people were detained after the vote , though most have since been released .
Last week , Iran freed one detained reformer , Saeed Hajjarian , on bail .
IN the year since his election , as he has since he first appeared on the national stage , Barack Obama has embodied the fundamental paradoxes of race in America : that we live in a still racially fragmented society ; that we share a public culture with an outsized black presence , but that in the privacy of homes and neighborhoods we are more segregated than in the Jim Crow era ; that we worship more fervently than any other advanced nation , in churches and synagogues that define our separate ethnic identities and differences , to gods proclaiming the unity of mankind .
Why are we this strange way ?
Is President Obama the ultimate expression of our peculiarities ?
Has he made a difference ?
Can he ?
Will he ?
We became this way because of the peculiar tragedies and triumphs of our past .
Race and racism scar all advanced nations , but America is peculiar because slavery thrived internally and race became a defining feature of personal identity .
Slavery was quintessentially an institution of exclusion : the slave first and foremost was someone who did not belong to and had no claims on the public order , nor any legitimate private existence , since both were appropriated by the slaveholder .
The Act of Emancipation abolished only the first part of slavery , the master ’s ownership ; far from removing the concept of the ex-slave as someone who did not belong , it reinforced it .
The nightmare of the Jim Crow era then extended and reinforced the public slavery of black Americans right up through the middle of the 20th century .
At the same time , the status of blacks as permanent outsiders made whiteness a treasured personal attribute in a manner inconceivable to Europeans .
Whiteness had no real meaning to pre-immigration Swedes or Irishmen because they were all white .
But it became meaningful the moment they landed in America , where it was eagerly embraced as a free cultural resource in assimilating to the white republic .
In America race had the same significance as gender and age as defining qualities of personhood .
Vanja Mrgan is a Croatian illustrator with a dream , a dream of imagining what normally beardless superheroes would look like with some manly facial hair .
Although they are n't actually all superheroes , some are jerks like Boba Fett .
Now I know what you 're thinking , " damn , I wonder what the GW would look like with a beard ? "
And the answer to that , my friends , is magical .
Ever seen a unicorn being born ?
They fly out of my face .
Hit the jump for a few more and a link to Vanja 's deviantART page with even more ( ongoing project ) .
Vanja 's DeviantART
Page
via
Bearded Superheroes [ laughingsquid ]
Thanks to naas , fishsupperhead and Martin , who can't grow bears and may or may not be in middle school .
In this space , originally , was a post about Sarah Palin as a very special liar - one who seems to care less about the truth , and about saying things that could be defended as truthful - than the vast majority of liars I 've studied for decades .
I thought that was interesting psychologically ; hence the post to Psychology Today .
I have now moved the post , in full , to the Huffington Post ; you can find it here .
Alan , in the comments section here , was right .
I should have posted it there in the first place .
The comments the post drew were mostly personal and political , not psychological .
My personal e-mail box has also been filled with scathing personal attacks .
I realize that the blogosphere is the wild , wild web , and that if I write colorfully , I 'll attract some vitriol .
I 'm also sure other bloggers have been treated in far nastier ways than I have , so I 'm not complaining .
I 'm just noting that in my personal experience as a blogger ( at Huffington Post , since June of 2006 ; here at Psych Today since March of 2008 ) , this is as scurrilous as it's ever gotten .
I opened this post ( now found at the Huffington Post ) by noting that I was veering off - topic , because this blog is about single life .
But since I 've studied for decades , I occasionally post about that .
Tellingly , though , some of the comments and personal emails sent to me go right to my single status , invoking all the usual stereotypes .
For example , the most recent email I received said this :
Do you have a husband ?
No .
Do you have children ?
No .
You are all alone -- a miserable , bitter failure of a human being who elevates herself by attempting to bring others down .
Others were much more scathing .
Sarah Palin was asked recently about the people who have criticized her , and said , " These are probably some lonely people , some shallow people . "
So perhaps her defenders are simply following her lead .
Or maybe they would have commented as they did even without Palin 's example .
For those who asked why I have not analyzed the lies of any Democrats : I have , here .
For those who asked about evidence that Palin has lied , there are some answers in the comments section .
You can find other discussions here , here , here , here , and probably lots of other places as well .
If you have further comments that are political , I 'd suggest that you post them over at Huffington .
Of course , you are welcome to continue posting here if you prefer .
Catalogue No .
Artist Name - Click for bio
" Daikichi Amano 's art is a combination of Jean .
Cocteau and Jacques Cousteau " MARILYN MANSON
Daikichi Amano being touted as " Modern Hokusai Katsushika " .
Daikichi Amano is one of the most important visual artists among the artists actively working in Japan .
His works have drawn attention even from outside of Japan .
What surprises us is the fact that the beauty of Daikichi Amano ’s works never ceases to attract fans , despite of them being so vivid and creepy .
His solo exhibitions held in Italy , Germany , Canada , France and Japan caused a sensation .
He also won cult fans from all over the world through the Internet .
Works of Daikichi Amano caught eye of world class famous artists including Marilyn Manson , Gaspar Noé , a director , Riccardo Tisci , the head designer of Givenchy , etc. and he had worked collaboratively .
A group of photographs of Daikichi Amano depicts a hidden world of fantasy that exists within himself .
It is a fantasy derived from something to do with animistic , beast like or atavism that occur in nature , and this fantasy evokes instinctive fear and desire as a human being .
The human body he creates is an object of worship to which its one of a kind rare beauty is praised , at the same time , the body is fused with the natural world and becomes malformed .
The body which was fused with a tree , blood , bones and scales would become erotic and grotesque , and ever intense black humor is featured clearly in this incredibly horrible diorama .
The origin of the works is in the iconography and mythology of traditional Japanese culture .
In one piece of photo , he would turn a girl into a legendary creature .
Works of Daikichi Amano are attempting not only to expose what is on the other side of the closed doors , but also to show us something that lurks under the skin , amid our overwhelming curiosity and desire of wanting to see things that are forbidden to see .
PHOTO GALLERIES
COMING SOON A PETRIFIED FOREST COMING SOON HUMAN NETURE COMING SOON HORROR DOLLS
DIGITAL PUBLISH
COMING SOON A PETRIFIED FOREST COMING SOON HUMAN NETURE COMING SOON HORROR DOLLS
16 year - old high school student Marco Facciola built a bike out of wood .
I 'm talking every part is made out of wood .
Pretty damn impressive .
" Marco had to complete this as a non-academic project for his International Baccalaureate , and inspiration came from his grandfather , forced to make wooden wheels for his bike during the war due to rubber shortages . "
Well props to both you and your grandfather , I 'm sure he 's proud .
Say , mind if I take it for a ride ?
I 'm working on a stunt spectacular where I set a bike on fire and jump over cats in my driveway .
No I ca n't use my own bike Marco , it wo n't burn right .
Hit the jump for several close - ups of the amazing wooden gears and chain .
High School Student Builds 100 % Wooden Bike [ gizmodo ]
Col Mejia said that Mr Castillejos had recounted how the gang cut off its victims ' heads , arms and legs and removed the organs before hanging the bodies from hooks above candles to warm the flesh and collect the fat in tubs .
Diplomat says jailed opposition leader will be allowed to organise her party for elections next year
Burma 's opposition leader , Aung San Suu Kyi , may soon be released so she can play a role in next year 's election , a senior Burmese diplomat has said .
" There is a plan to release her soon ... so she can organise her party , " Min Lwin , a director - general in the foreign ministry , to ld the Associated Press .
He gave no details and it was unclear whether Aung San Suu Kyi would be allowed to campaign or stand for election .
Despite the conciliatory remarks , the country 's constitution includes provisions that bar her from holding office and ensure the primacy of the government in the military .
The Nobel peace prize winner has spent 14 of the last 20 years under house arrest .
In August a court sentenced her to an additional 18 months after an American , John Yettaw , swam across a lake to her villa in Rangoon and stayed overnight .
Burma 's junta in the the past has raised expectations of Aung San Suu Kyi's imminent release only to dash the hopes of her supporters at home and abroad .
Pro-democracy campaigners cautioned against reading too much into the latest hints on Suu Kyi's release .
" They 've been saying these sorts of things for a long time but they have never delivered on them , " said Anna Roberts , the director of the Burma Campaign UK .
" The regime 's main concern is get economic sanctions lifted and get approval for the sham elections next year . "
Tantalising hints of a possible release for the political prisoner came as Min Lwin was in Manila for a meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( Asean ) and the US .
In a break with George Bush 's policy of isolating the Burmese regime , Barack Obama has decided on a policy of engagment with the junta .
Last week the US assistant secretary of state for east Asia , Kurt Campbell , and his deputy , Scott Marciel , became the most senior American officials to visit Burma since 1995 , when Madeleine Albright went as Bill Clinton 's ambassador to the UN .
Campbell and Marciel held exploratory talks with senior figures in the junta , including the prime minister , Thein Sein , but not Than Shwe , the general who has ruled the country for the last 17 years .
They also met Aung San Suu Kyi .
Obama will meet Asean leaders this weekend during the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Singapore , possibly bringing him into rare contact with Thein Sein .
The last US president to meet a Burmese leader was Lyndon Johnson , who held talks with prime minister Ne Win in 1966 .
Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy won Burma 's last elections , in 1990 , by a landslide but was blocked from power after the junta in place since a 1962 coup refused to recognise the result .
Outside observers fear next year 's election will be a sham to provide the veneer of credibility the regime has been looking for since 1990 .
" Alles tun für einen festen Job " Rudolf Stumberger
Studie sieht Qualität und Unabhängigkeit des Journalismus bedroht
Um den Zustand des Qualitätsjournalismus in Deutschland ist es nicht gut bestellt .
Die meisten Faktoren , die sich wesentlich auf die Güte und die mittel - bis langfristigen Rahmenbedingungen der journalistischen Arbeit auswirken , haben sich in den vergangenen Jahren verschlechtert .
Das ist das Ergebnis einer aktuellen Studie der Hochschule Darmstadt .
Heute stünden wir dem Problem " insbesondere der Güte und Unabhängigkeit journalistischer Berichterstattung " gegenüber , so Studienleiter Professor Geribert E. Jakob vom Fachbereich Media der Hochschule Darmstadt in seinem Fazit .
Die Medienanalyse mit dem Titel Begrenzter Journalismus .
Was beeinflusst die Entfaltung eines Qualitätsjournalismus untersucht die Veränderung von zehn Faktoren wie Geld , Zeit , Organisation , Recht , Bildung oder Digitalisierung , die Einfluss auf die Qualität des Journalismus haben .
Sie beruht auf der Durchsicht aktueller Literatur zum Thema , ergänzt durch Interviews mit Medienprofis .
Vorangestellt wird eine Definition dessen , was unter Qualitätsjournalismus zu verstehen ist .
So wird der Dortmunder Journalistikprofessor Horst Pöttker zitiert , die Kernaufgabe von Journalisten bestehe darin , Öffentlichkeit für alle gesellschaftlichen Probleme und Tatbestände herzustellen , und zwar in einer verständlichen Weise .
Und man solle als Journalist auch jene Themen aufgreifen , die die Gesellschaft nicht oder noch nicht hören wolle .
Qualitätsjournalismus hieße also nicht , nur dem Leser nach dem
Mund zu reden oder nur nach der Quote zu schauen , nur den Zuspruch der Rezipienten als Qualitätskriterium anzuerkennen , sei falsch .
Letztendlich , so die Autoren der Studie , sei der Konflikt um den Qualitätsjournalismus " im Kern ein Konflikt zwischen Kommerz sowie einem kulturell zu definierenden journalistischen Anspruch " .
Was Journalismus mit Kommerz zu tun hat , macht die Zustandsanalyse des ersten Faktorenfeldes " Geld " deutlich .
Hier wird konstatiert , dass die wirtschaftliche Lage der Verlage sich in den vergangenen Jahren durch Anzeigenrückgänge verschlechtert habe .
Eine Folge ist die Ersetzung von festangestellten Redakteuren durch freie Journalisten , die schlechter bezahlt und somit kostengünstiger sind .
Für diese Freien waren die vergangenen Jahre keine guten Jahre : Ein Drittel der Freien verlor wichtige Auftraggeber oder berichtete von Honorarkürzungen .
Das durchschnittliche Einkommen der Befragten lag bei rund 2.000 Euro monatlich .
Seit Mitte 2008 , dem Beginn der Finanzkrise , verzeichnet jeder dritte freie Journalist deutliche Einkommenseinbußen .
Ein freier Journalist beklagt in einem Interview der Studie den Unterschied zwischen Freien und Festangestellten : " Redakteure können heute nach guten Verhandlungen immer noch 80.000 Euro und mehr im Printjournalismus verdienen .
Als Freiberufler ist das nahezu unmöglich , so viel zu verdienen .
Die Honorare sind zum größten
Teil so gering , dass man Schwierigkeiten hat , davon zu leben . "
Deshalb " blutet " der freie Journalismus sozusagen aus , die Journalisten hören auf , ihr Geld mit Journalismus zu verdienen : " Gerade die Guten mit Alternativen suchen sich etwas Besseres . "
Die Betriebswirte haben die Herrschaft in den Redaktionen übernommen - die Journalisten haben es nur noch nicht bemerkt .
Geribert Jakob
Ein weiterer Faktor , der Einfluss auf den Journalismus nimmt , ist die Rekrutierung des Nachwuchses .
Hier verweist die Studie darauf , dass Journalisten in der Regel aus der Mittelschicht stammen , unter den Absolventen von Journalistenschulen kommen die Kinder von Arbeitern so gut wie gar nicht vor .
Dies begünstige einen marktkonformen Journalismus und den Trend zum Mainstream .
Die Ausbildung in Journalistenschulen sei sehr praktisch und dabei sei die Rolle des anwaltschaftlichen Journalismus verloren gegangen .
Durch die Ferne der Journalisten zu anderen Bevölkerungsschichten würden deren Themen in den Hintergrund gerückt .
Aber nicht nur das :
Sie empfinde den Nachwuchs als " sehr angepasst " , so das Urteil einer Medienfrau im Interview .
Ethik sei für viele ein Luxusgut oder gar ein Fremdland , manche junge Journalisten hätten so viel Angst vor der Zukunft , dass sie bereit wären , für einen festen Job alles zu tun .
Weitere Tendenzen : Da Zeit Geld ist , steht den Redakteuren immer weniger Zeit für die Recherche zur Verfügung .
Arbeitsroutinen verändern sich , weniger das Sammeln als das Bewerten von Informationen wird wichtig , organisatorische Veränderungen wie die Zusammenlegung von Redaktionen können zum Verlust von Vielfalt führen .
Zu den rechtlichen Rahmenbedingungen des Journalismus konstatiert die Studie , die Rechtspraxis habe sich in den vergangenen Jahren nicht zum Vorteil für die journalistische Recherche verändert .
Weiter werde die Meinungsvielfalt durch Monopolisierungsprozesse bedroht , Werbung und PR gewännen immer mehr an Einfluss , während die Digitalisierung das Nutzerverhalten ändere .
Die Studie bleibt nicht bei der Zustandsbeschreibung , sondern bietet zu jedem Problemfeld auch Lösungsvorschläge .
So werden zum Thema Geld auch alternative Finanzierungsmöglichkeiten von Medien wie etwa durch neue staatliche Förderinstrumente diskutiert .
So fördere das niederländische Bildungsministerium seit 2002 über einen staatlichen Topf zahlreiche kleinste und kleine zivilgesellschaftliche Medieninitiativen .
Die Projekte müssen zur Meinungsbildung , Partizipation und Informationsvermittlung im Internet beitragen können .
Und zum Faktor Eigentum / Monopolisierung etwa verweist die Studie auf die Möglichkeit von Redaktionsstatuten , die die Unabhängigkeit der Redaktion gegenüber dem Eigentümer festschreiben .
Als Bilanz warnt die Studie vor einer Tendenz der " Verseichtung und Entertainisierung " in den Medien und deren Folgen : Eine weitgehende Unfähigkeit , " an gesellschaftlich - politischer Entwicklung teilzunehmen , mit katastrophalen Folgen für den europäischen Kulturraum " , warnt Geribert Jakob .
( Rudolf Stumberger )
News of another big land deal between a rich nation and a poor developing country is becoming a common occurrence .
In August a group of Saudi investors said that they would be investing $ 1 billion in land in Africa for rice cultivation .
They are calling it their ‘ 7x7x7 project ’ , since they are aiming to plant 700,000 hectares of land to produce seven million tonnes of rice in seven years .
The land will be distributed over several countries : Mali , Senegal and maybe Sudan and Uganda .
A few weeks earlier South Korea acquired 700,000 hectares of land in Sudan , also for rice cultivation .
India is funding a large group of private companies to buy 350,000 hectares in as - yet unspecified countries in Africa .
A group of South African businessmen is negotiating an 8 million hectare deal in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
And so it goes on .
The United Nations believes that at least 30 million hectares ( about 74 million acres , well over the size of the UK ) were acquired by outside investors in the developing world during the first half of this year alone .
The land grab was indirectly spawned by the international financial crisis .
It ’s interesting to trace the investors ’ train of thought because it says a lot about the kind of world we ’re heading towards .
Some two years ago many financial players – the investment houses that manage workers ’ pensions , private equity funds , hedge funds , big grain traders and so on – saw that the sub - prime mortgage bubble was about to burst and moved money into the safer commodities market .
Although there was no real shortage of food , food prices ( especially of cereals , but also of dairy and meat ) rose dramatically .
Countries dependent on food imports were badly hit , with a big increase in the domestic price of some food staples , particularly rice .
People coped by changing their eating habits , in many cases cutting back on meals , but they also took to the streets to demand government action .
By early 2008 riots had broken out in nearly 40 countries , instilling fear among the world ’s political elite .
Panic - stricken governments rushed to increase their food imports , leading several food - producing nations to restrict exports , fearful that they too could be hit by shortages .
The big winners from the crisis were not the farmers , as one might have expected .
They enjoyed a big increase in the prices they were paid at the farm gate , but all their potential income gains were gobbled up by higher production costs .
The people who made a real killing were the suppliers of agricultural inputs .
With their quasi - monopoly control over seeds , pesticides , fertilisers and machinery , these giant companies made obscene profits out of the higher prices squeezed out of largely poor populations ( see box ) .
Close on their heels in the ranking of the profiteers came the world ’s largest grain traders .
These companies played a role in artificially creating the food scare in the first place , so they made sure they were well placed to profit from it .
Cargill , the world ’s largest grain trader , reported an increase in profits in 2008 of nearly 70 per cent over 2007 , a 157 per cent rise in profits since 2006 .
Profits for ADM , the world ’s second largest grain trader , showed a lower rate of increase in 2008 , partly because of its heavy investments in the sinking ethanol market , but the company ’s profits were still more than 200 per cent higher than they were in 2006 ( see tables , right ) .
Going abroad
The crisis eventually eased , at least temporarily , but by then its impact on rich , food - insecure nations had been profound .
Take Saudi Arabia .
Since the late 1970s the country had been seeking to become self - sufficient in some foods , particularly wheat .
But just before the food crisis erupted , the government reluctantly decided that this strategy was doomed , largely because the country simply did n’t have enough water to irrigate crops .
In a radical change of tack , it decided that it would cover all of its grain consumption through imports by 2015 .
But this , of course , left the country completely reliant on the world market , just at a time that this market was showing itself to be alarmingly unreliable .
Not surprisingly , a rather panic - stricken government sent out a directive to private businessmen instructing them to invest in agricultural production abroad .
Adnan al - Naiem , secretary general of the Asharqia Chamber in the Eastern Province , put it succinctly in a briefing : ‘ The objective is to achieve long - term food security for Saudi Arabia and to secure a continuous supply of food to the kingdom at low and fair prices . ’
China is another example .
While self - sufficient in food at the moment , it has a huge population , its agricultural lands have been disappearing to industrial development and its water supplies are under serious stress .
With 40 per cent of the world ’s farmers but only 9 per cent of the world ’s farmland , it should surprise no one that food security is high on the Chinese government ’s agenda .
And with more than $ 1.8 trillion in foreign exchange reserves , China has deep pockets from which to invest in its own food security abroad .
As many farmers ’ leaders and activists in south - east Asia know , Beijing has been gradually outsourcing part of its food production since well before the global food crisis broke in 2007 .
Through China ’s new geopolitical diplomacy , and the government ’s aggressive ‘ Go Abroad ’ outward investment strategy , some 30 agricultural cooperation deals have been sealed in recent years to give Chinese firms access to ‘ friendly country ’ farmland in exchange for Chinese technology , training and infrastructure development funds .
Other countries , such as South Korea , Egypt , Libya , Kuwait , India and Japan , have also decided for their own reasons that , faced with the prospect of a world shortage of food in the future , it makes sense to find reliable sources outside their own borders for at least part of their food supply .
This is what is driving the current land grab , comparable in a way to the ‘ scramble for Africa ’ in the late 19th century .
Huge areas of the world are being taken over by foreign powers , but they are no longer using military force – they are waving chequebooks , which in today ’s world can be an even more powerful weapon .
Although land is being grabbed in many different parts of the world , Africa is under heavy assault .
Many impoverished governments in sub-Saharan Africa are sorely tempted by the offer of money up - front , and the foreign investors know that if the deals go sour in the future the weak governments will find it hard to expel them .
Not that the foreign investors are leaving much to chance .
There have already been reports of some of the leased land being protected by private security firms .
There is much to worry us about the new carve - up .
Some of the world ’s poorest countries are letting go of land that they need to feed their own populations .
The Sudanese government has sold a 99 - year lease on 1.5 million hectares of prime farmland to the Gulf states , Egypt and South Korea .
But Sudan is also the world ’s largest recipient of foreign aid , with 5.6 million of its citizens dependent on food packages from abroad .
All principles of basic justice tell us that Sudan should be using this land to feed its own people .
At the moment , the foreign investors speak of a win- win situation , in which both occupying and occupied countries benefit .
Take the 7x7x7 Saudi project mentioned earlier .
‘ West Africa has an annual deficit of about 2 million tonnes of rice , ’ according to the Foras International Investment Company , one of the partners in the scheme .
‘ Our project will confront the food shortage crisis , increase agricultural output and improve rice productivity . ’
In other words , there will be enough rice to feed the local population and to send abroad .
Yet the day may come when there is n’t enough rice for both Arabs and West Africans .
It is hard to imagine that the investors will put the needs of impoverished African families before the needs of their own , much richer , more powerful people .
The day the food runs out
The day that the food starts to run out in the world may come far more quickly than most of us imagine .
At present , there are more than a billion people going hungry even though there is no shortage of food .
The very poor do n’t eat enough because they do n’t have enough money .
The underlying problem is one of social inequality , of the highly skewed distribution of financial resources in the world .
Over the next century much worse food shortages may emerge .
The climate crisis is already arriving far more quickly than scientists expected and proving far more dangerous .
For a while , many scientists believed that the increase in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere would be partly compensated for by an increase in plant growth , caused by the greater availability of CO2 .
But now it seems that carbon fertilisation , as it is called , will not happen or will happen far less reliably than was once imagined .
One of the most comprehensive models of the impact of climate change , carried out in 2007 by William R Cline , predicts that , without carbon fertilisation , crop productivity in the developing world is likely to decline drastically , by 21 per cent over the next 80 years .
And these predictions may also be underestimates , as they have n’t taken into account all the so - called ‘ positive feedbacks ’ – the melting of the ice sheets in the Arctic and the Antarctic , the melting of the glaciers , the much greater frequency of forest fires , the growing water shortage and so on – which will make everything worse .
Indeed , many of the nations that are scouring the world for arable land will have been warned by their own scientists that a world of dire shortages lies ahead .
Yet , in this dog - eat - dog world , the very actions that the rich countries are taking will increase the likelihood of a global food shortage .
The land being grabbed by outside powers has its own precious ecosystems and much of it is used , at least for parts of the year , by local people .
Even though governments say that they are only selling ’ empty ’ or ‘ marginal ’ land , such a concept simply does not exist for many of the traditional peasant and indigenous communities in Africa , Asia and Latin America .
And the world destroys its biodiversity at its peril , for it is hugely important to have genetically varied populations and species - rich natural and agricultural ecosystems , particularly at times of environmental stress .
Biodiversity plays a crucial role in supplying the raw materials and the genes that make possible the emergence of the new plant varieties on which we all depend .
Such new varieties will be urgently required as the world heats up .
The outside investors , however , working with large private companies , are destroying existing ecosystems and creating huge areas of monoculture crops dependent on chemical fertilisers and pesticides .
With the destruction of the ecosystems comes the dispersal of the peasantry and other traditional communities of farmers and herders , who have a profound knowledge of the local biodiversity .
These communities could play a crucial role in combating climate change .
To give just a single example , with adequate financial support they could be linked together in a vast network of seed markets , stretching across the whole of the African continent , that would help plants to ‘ migrate ’ as climatic conditions change .
They are perhaps mankind ’s greatest hope of coping with the climatic cataclysms that lie ahead .
Yet the current breakneck land grab is destroying the very basis of their livelihoods .
And it is all of us , throughout the world , who will pay the price .
Welcome on Tektuff.com ! ...
Enjoy visiting our funny blog and to make it known to Your friends !... Thanks for all Your comments ! . :)
A nonprofit organization that monitors the health of the Potomac River said Wednesday that a condition causing abnormalities in fish should serve as an urgent warning to rehabilitate the waterway that provides 90 percent of the D.C. area ’s drinking water .
The Potomac Conservancy in its third annual State of the Nation ’s River report highlighted a number of pollutants in the Potomac River that disrupt the endocrine system in humans and in fish and contribute to a condition in which some fish exhibit both male and female traits .
John Peterson Myers , a Charlottesville - based biologist who founded the research group Environmental Health Sciences , said endocrine - disrupting compounds are major pollutants in the Potomac watershed that are not effectively neutralized when water is treated .
“ Water - treatment facilities are not yet required to screen for endocrine - disrupting contaminants , so they end up in our tap water , ” he said .
“ We are n’t sure exactly what level of exposure causes harmful effects to human health , but if the intersex - fish phenomenon is any indication , there ’s a critical need for regulatory agencies and decision makers to start addressing this issue , ” he said .
Members of the Potomac Conservancy said the chemicals get into the river though runoff from industrial plants , farms and even private yards where chemicals are used .
The chemicals are found in pesticides , veterinary products , pharmaceuticals , personal care products and animal waste .
The report said it was not a single chemical but a mixture of chemicals that was causing the effect , and the kinds of chemicals depend on the area .
The group pointed to research showing that 80 percent of fish studied in the Potomac River exhibit the intersex condition .
H. Hedrick Belin , president of the Potomac Conservancy , says its findings are a “ canary in the coal mine . ”
“ The federal government has already taken steps to limit so - called “ legacy ” pollutants from damaging the natural environment and human health , ” Mr. Belin said .
“ It now needs to employ 21st - century scientific testing and update the regulatory framework to deal with the emerging threat of endocrine - disrupting compounds found in the Potomac River and its tributaries . ”
Mr. Myers said the technology used to test water for endocrine - disrupting compounds is outdated and that there are currently no water - quality standards that pertain to the contaminants .
“ The tools we have depended on to tell us what is safe and what is not have proven to be completely inadequate , ” Mr. Myers said .
“ We need to bring toxicology into the 21st century . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Slide 1 of 12 ,
Alexandre - Balthazar - Laurent Grimod de la Reynière , a French aristocrat during Napoleon 's reign , was the Tim Zagat of his era .
A true gourmand , he financed his voracious appetite by writing a series of guidebooks to the Paris 's finest culinary establishments .
Two hundred years later , some of his favorites like Au Rocher de Cancale , left , are still thriving .
Author Message
Badger Grylls
Joined : 26 Mar 2009
Posts : 395
Location : Outlying Wastelands of Bolton
Chemically AbusedJoined : 26 Mar 2009
Posts : 395 Location : Outlying Wastelands of Bolton
Posted : Sun Apr 26 , 2009 6:29 am I have been exchanging e mails with agent Larry at the FBI , being a tad stubborn I have refused to deal with him unless he sends me a scan of his FBI ID card .
Quote :
ATTN : hugh
You requested for my identification card for you to know that i am from the FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION so here is my identification card you have requested for .
Was n't expecting this !!!
_________________
x2
My life is finshed , please Sir tell me what to do , since the day you let me know the death of Hugh Janus ....... Mary Jane Ben
Fuck you Fuck you keep your TWAT I opens my own TWAT ...... Naomi Alyiou
Master of Puppets
Joined : 12 Mar 2009
Posts : 3294
Location : Pulling the Strings
Baiting GuruJoined : 12 Mar 2009
Posts : 3294Location : Pulling the Strings
Posted : Sun Apr 26 , 2009 6:35 am Image wrote :
www.identityprops.com
Oh my : http://www.identityprops.com/magento/tv-show-memorabilia/x-files-id-cards-badges-fbi-fox-mulder-dana-scully/x-files-fbi-fox-mulder-id-card.html
Are you sure you are n't actually Jack Bauer ?
They 've got his ID on that site too .
ETA : Why are n't lads actually smart enough to cut off the lower piece of that image where the site 's watermark is located ?
_________________
x4
Oke : Todger club entry submission +
( Co-bait with Albator )
Badger Grylls
Joined : 26 Mar 2009
Posts : 395
Location : Outlying Wastelands of Bolton
Chemically AbusedJoined : 26 Mar 2009
Posts : 395 Location : Outlying Wastelands of Bolton
Posted : Sun Apr 26 , 2009 6:39 am Nice one MoP
Thanks for the Inspiration I think I 'll use the Jack Bauer one to reply to him ... see if we can get a nice bit of cross agency co-operation going
_________________
x2
My life is finshed , please Sir tell me what to do , since the day you let me know the death of Hugh Janus ....... Mary Jane Ben
Fuck you Fuck you keep your TWAT I opens my own TWAT ...... Naomi Alyiou
windypops
Joined : 25 Jan 2005
Posts : 6059
Location : Planet X
Baiting GuruJoined : 25 Jan 2005 Posts : 6059 Location : Planet X
Posted : Sun Apr 26 , 2009 7:46 am
You just have to tell him you 'll only work with a female agent .
_________________
" No amount of semen donation will save this situation " Sanny Sanny
" We must disagree to agree " Raji Musa
If it 's LADS you want .
GoTo : http://www.yopmail.com/
and sign in with either ladmail or kentbrockman
r2d2
Joined : 19 Apr 2009
Posts : 796
Location : in a galaxy far far away
Master of Master BaitersJoined : 19 Apr 2009 Posts : 796Location : in a galaxy far far away
Posted : Sun Apr 26 , 2009 9:53 am Master of Puppets wrote :
Why are n't lads actually smart enough to cut off the lower piece of that image where the site 's watermark is located ?
because baiters do n't educate them
drab
Joined : 20 Apr 2009
Posts : 120
Location : USA
Master BaiterJoined : 20 Apr 2009 Posts : 120 Location : USA
Posted : Mon Apr 27 , 2009 5:50 am Department of Investigation ?
Would n't that be the FDI ?
_________________
" Drab like crab stupid "
" do b fool again go fuck mum , stupid ass bastard "
" SORRY UR MONEY CAN'T BUY MY SOUL DEVIL "
" I did not ask your to sendme money gram form and shit "
" you can see now that you are a big fool "
" did you know that you are what you send to me "
" DO U HAVE MONEY THAN JESUS ???
U ARE A DEAD MAN LOOKIN FOR WHO TO TAKE ALONG GO FUCK UR MUM HOLE
DEAD PIG "
" You are a fool and your mama is an idiot "
" please i can't understant who is the devil , i need help from you .
GOD bless you . "
" DIE IN HELL MURDER FUCKER "
" hello i is time 4 u to stop being a punk go 4 k ur mum in hell "
" i can u feed u fool and ur entire blood fucking familly "
" U THINK I WILL EVER GAVE SUCH ILLITRATE LIKE U MY NUMBER
I GAVE U M GIRL FRIEND`s NO "
jlc419
Joined : 16 Feb 2009
Posts : 78
Not quite a NewbJoined : 16 Feb 2009 Posts : 78
Posted : Mon Apr 27 , 2009 12:13 pm - SP
Mod edit - no need to quote the full post directly above , we can see it just there ^^^- SP
Yup .
Part of the BOJ - Bureau of Just1ce .
Of course , most Americans would spot the fake instantly - even if they did n't recognize the actor ; but I could see someone falling for it elsewhere .
Jasper
Joined : 31 Mar 2009
Posts : 327
419 Eater is my lifeJoined : 31 Mar 2009 Posts : 327
Posted : Mon Apr 27 , 2009 1:39 pm
Oh , that 's precious !
LMAO !!!
You know , I was sitting here drinking my morning coffee , pondering the day ahead .
Was n't too happy about having to go to work today , especially after Friday and how that went .
( I take care of dogs , and the one was SO bad Friday and even bit me ! )
Anyway , I needed a good laugh this morning , and I certainly got one !
Thanks for that !!!
Jasper
_________________
well i really do n't no wat ass to say to u than telling u that u own me - Paul
x9
sir scam alot
Joined : 19 Mar 2008
Posts : 5076
Location : Louisiana
Baiting GuruJoined : 19 Mar 2008 Posts : 5076 Location : Louisiana
Posted : Mon Apr 27 , 2009 1:41 pm
I just spit all over the screen with that one .
I mean , wow , what a great and convincing ID .
Make sure you praise your lad for it .
_________________
= Rev. JB Johnson .
Lome to Parakou " i thought it will just be a day jouney .
unknowingly to me that it will last up to one week . "
2 = Harrison : Owerri , Nigeria to Cotonou , Benin and Accra , Ghana " i know ive been a sucker for twat "
= ( Group safari ) Oy3nka Ch1dinma : Lagos to Cotonou : " Thank you so much for the embrassment . "
= Group safari - Dan Nkwerre : Port Harcourt to Abeche , Chad
2 = Barr. Mustapha Marlick : Lome , Togo to Abuja Nigeria and Accra , Ghana .
x15 ( some survived ) x280
< b> Have you kicked your lad today ?<b>
Over $ 1 million USD in fake checks / money orders confiscated
bohigal
Joined : 01 Aug 2007
Posts : 7226
Location : Epstein's Delicatessen
Baiting GuruJoined : 01 Aug 2007 Posts : 7226Location : Epstein's Delicatessen
Posted : Mon Apr 27 , 2009 1:43 pm
Yes yes , " I Want To Believe . "
_________________
Stop typing in french , am seriously dissapointed .... am just confused !!!
You will have my nuts in your hands as soon as i have the latrine in my hand & i will pay the goats to the lawyer
My dear with this only , it is clear you have contacted and communicated with Africa Fraudsters and even send funds to him .
what a pity !
YOU ARE A WITCH .
MAY YOU MENSURATE NON STOP TILL THE END OF YOUR LIFE
Team Hector : Lagos - Douala , Benin-Liberia , Senegal - Gambia - Mali -Chad , Egypt , Awka w/ Shorty
Shorty Abidjan w/ Juan
Bibian
Donate to Eater Stop typing in french , am seriously dissapointed .... am just confused !!!
You will have my nuts in your hands as soon as i have the latrine in my hand & i will pay the goats to the lawyerMy dear with this only , it is clear you have contacted and communicated with Africa Fraudsters and even send funds to him .
what a pity !
YOU ARE A WITCH .
MAY YOU MENSURATE NON STOP TILL THE END OF YOUR LIFETeam Hector : Lagos - Douala , Benin-Liberia , Senegal - Gambia - Mali - Chad , Egypt , Awka w/ ShortyShorty Abidjan w/ JuanBibian
Captain Pike
Joined : 08 Dec 2005
Posts : 2579
Location : Starbase 11
Baiting GuruJoined : 08 Dec 2005 Posts : 2579 Location : Starbase 11
Posted : Mon Apr 27 , 2009 1:48 pm " Federal Bureau of Justice " ?
Never heard of them .
" United States Department of Investigation " ?
Never heard of them either .
Must be some changes that our new President has n't told us about yet .
_________________
x13 x5 ( 393 days )
" On the 21st of April 2001 , my client ?
His wife and their three children were involved in a plane crash of Union Transport Africans Flight Boeing 727 in Cotonou , Benin Republic on the December 26,2003 " Barrister Olorunshogo Williams , 25 October 2004 .
" I am in reciept of your mail , i want you to know that you are really getting on my nerves . "
Burt Hardley , Wellkang International , 20 November 2007
" Please worry , we have already advice the FBI and they do n't need to call you .
They are very brianliant and intelident .
They will get you soon .
" Mr. Paul Rogers , Global Medical Equipment , 20 November 2007
As of 26 February 2009 , $ 2,231,983.53 of fake checks and money orders have been intercepted and removed from circulation .
The 51 - year - old leader , whose controversial re-election was mired in fraud and whose government has been accused of being rife with corruption , described graft as a menace to his state and vowed to prosecute corrupt officials .
His new cabinet would be " competent and professional " .
There are changes coming to Stargate Universe when the show returns for the back half of the season in April .
There are changes coming to Stargate Universe when the show returns for the back half of the season in April , executive producer Robert C. Cooper says .
In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter , Cooper talked about a number of elements introduced early in the show which many fans have expressed concerns over .
As it turns out , some of those same conversations were taking place in the writer ’s room .
First on the list , perhaps , is the amount of time the characters are spending back on Earth — rather than trapped on board the Ancient space vessel Destiny , billions of light years from their loved ones .
On the show , these mental trips home are accomplished using Ancient communication stones , a technology which allows one to swap bodies with somebody back on Earth .
“ It ’s certainly been a hot topic of debate , ” Cooper said .
“ It ’s very valuable in terms of tying the crew to Earth , and some have suggested the crew should be more isolated .
There ’s also a debate about the moral issue of how the [ body swapping ] stones are used and whether it ’s right for a person to do certain things in the body of the another person and that ’s interesting too .
“ I think there ’s some value in terms of seeing who they ’re missing and the political ramifications of the Destiny ‘s mission back on Earth .
We ’re not going to abandon the stones , but the emphasis of the second half of the first season is more heavily weighted to what ’s going on with the ship . ”
Also conspicuously absent from the first half of the season : aliens .
Though the producers did n’t want to distract from the core stories about the characters , they also recognize that life “ out there ” is an important element of science fiction and the Stargate mythology .
“ The show was always intended to be a drama and about people who are struggling to survive , ” Cooper said .
“ There is a sci - fi element , but it was never going to turn into the ‘ alien of the week . ’
However , there is a big story point coming up that does introduce an alien race that ’s a very cool , CG alien .
It ’s more along the line of a District 9 - type of alien .
Our interaction is handled in a very Universe way — they ’re not the typical Stargate alien bad guys . ”
Cooper also expressed a hope that those who have loved SG - 1 and Atlantis over the last 12 years will come to embrace Universe for what it is — not what it is n’t .
“ Hopefully as it goes on , people will began to appreciate it for being its own thing , ” he said .
“ That ’s all we can hope for .
It sometimes takes awhile to overcome those expectations .
I ca n’t really be upset that people came to love something I had a part in creating .
But as a creative person you have to move on and have to grow .
“ I do n’t think we could have been successful in the exact same vein as what we did before .
We had to evolve . ”
Writing and principal photography on Season One has been complete since October .
Scripts are currently being written for the just - announced second season ( story ) .
Check out the full interview with Robert C. Cooper now at The Hollywood Reporter .
The producer also talks about SGU ‘s female characters and some viewer criticisms , sex on the show , the use of kino - vision , and more .
Stargate Universe resumes in April on Syfy in the U.S .
As many as many as 144,000 people suffering from dementia are being given anti-psychotic drugs unnecessarily , according to a review ordered by the Department of Health .
Excessive use of the medication causes an estimated 1,800 deaths and almost as many strokes among older people every year , the study revealed .
The care services minister , Phil Hope , accepted all the recommendations in the review and promised a fundamental change in the treatment of those suffering from dementia .
The numbers being given " chemical restraints " will be reduced , extra training will be given to nursing home staff , more psychological therapies are to be made available and a national clinical director for dementia will be appointed .
The author of the study , Sube Banerjee , professor of mental health and ageing at the institute of psychiatry at King 's College London , said that as few as 36,000 patients were benefiting from the use of anti-psychotic drugs , but their use was widespread and usually unquestioned .
Anti-psychotic medicines are used to manage the behaviourial and psychological difficulties experienced by many dementia patients such as agitation , aggression , wandering , shouting , repeated questioning and sleep disturbance .
First introduced in the 1950s to control schizophrenia , they have become commonplace in hospitals and care homes .
" They are too often used as a first - line response to behavioural difficulty in dementia rather than as a considered second - line treatment when other non-pharmacological approaches have failed , " the report warned .
In his recommendations , Banerjee suggested that the use of the drugs could be cut by two - thirds over the course of the next three years .
Stopping prescriptions immediately for many patients could be dangerous , he warned .
" If carers or family members are concerned that someone they know is on anti-psychotic drugs , " he added , " it 's important not to panic .
People should speak to their GP or hospital .
People should be on the lowest dose possible .
The benefits of these drugs are relatively small . "
Reducing prescriptions could save £ 55 m a year , the professor suggested , but around £ 68 m would be needed to train staff so that they could improve the quality of care for dementia sufferers .
A national vocational qualificiation ( NVQ ) will be developed to train those working in nursing homes .
Banerjee added : " We have a failure of the health and social care system to adjust to a changing world .
We need to improve primary and social care .
There 's no evidence that any drugs are good for this . "
Hope said : " It is unacceptable that antipsychotic drugs are routinely prescribed to people with dementia .
More than half of people with dementia will experience agitation or aggression at some point , but guidance from the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( Nice ) is clear – anti-psychotics should only be given when this is really necessary . "
Neil Hunt , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Society , said : " This is fundamentally a human rights issue .
People have complained about effects of the drugs , including slurred speech , dribbling , being unable to recognise people and not being able to walk .
These [ excessive prescriptions ] remain a serious violation of peoples ' rights .
" This long - awaited landmark review is a welcome recognition of the scale of the issue .
These drugs should only ever be used as a last resort .
The scandalous over - prescription of anti-psychotic drugs leads to an estimated 1,800 deaths a year – it must end . "
Nadra Ahmed , chairman of the National Care Homes Association , said the blame did not lie solely with care homes .
" These drugs are prescribed by general practitioners , they are not prescribed by the care - home providers , " she told the BBC .
" This is about medical conditions which are obviously reviewed by GPs . "
The Liberal Democrat MP Paul Burstow , who has led a 10 - year campaign highlighting the risks of excessive and inappropriate prescribing , said : " This review comes much too late for thousands of elderly people whose lives have been cut short by the reckless prescribing of anti-psychotic drugs .
" The evidence that anti-psychotic drugs do more harm than good has been mounting for years .
There is next - to - no benefit for the older person and prolonged prescribing can lead to premature death . "
Jeremy Wright , chairman of the all - party parliamentary group on dementia , called for more training to be given to care - home staff and greater involvement of the patient 's family and friends in deciding whether to prescribe .
Banerjee 's review did not examine the use of anti-psychotic medicines to treat people with schizophrenia .
Dementia in the UK
• There are as many as 700,000 people with dementia in this country .
In 30 years time , that number is expected to double to 1.4 milliion .
Those diagnosed with the condition can live for between seven and 12 years .
• The price of dealing with dementia – mainly residential care costs – stands at £ 17bn a year .
It is expected to rise to £ 50bn by 2039 .
• One in three people over the age of 65 will die with some form of dementia .
There are estimated to be 15,000 under the age of 65 suffering from the condition .
As the dean of Harvard Medical School I am frequently asked to comment on the health - reform debate .
I 'd give it a failing grade .
Instead of forthrightly dealing with the fundamental problems , discussion is dominated by rival factions struggling to enact or defeat President Barack Obama 's agenda .
The rhetoric on both sides is exaggerated and often deceptive .
Those of us for whom the central issue is health — not politics — have been left in the lurch .
And as controversy heads toward a conclusion in Washington , it appears that ...
Belem , Brazil
“ One million dollars ? ”
The question was asked with eyes wide and a voice of incredulity .
The person asking was Antonio Waldez Góes da Silva , the governor of the Amazonian state of Amapá , which has the biggest national park in the world .
I had just shared with Gov. Waldez Góes a recent news article in The Hill , the Congressional newspaper , which said the total cost of stationing one U.S. soldier in Afghanistan for one year is $ 1 million .
What if we kept just one soldier back from Afghanistan and gave you the money , I asked the governor ?
What would it buy you ?
Gov. Waldez Góes mulled that over : “ If you kept three soldiers back , that would be enough for me to keep the State University of Amapá running for one year , so 1,400 students could take different courses on sustainable development for the Amazon . ”
O.K. , I know .
It is a bit misleading to take a war budget and assume that if it were n’t spent on combat , it would all go to schools or parks .
And we do have real enemies .
Some wars have to be fought , no matter the cost .
But such comparisons are still a useful reminder that our debate about Afghanistan is not taking place in a vacuum .
We will have to make trade - offs , and there are other hugely important projects today crying out for funding , as my colleague Nick Kristof has pointed out regarding health care .
Well , if America is going to assume the primary burden of fixing Central Asia , maybe , say , China , could help pick up the tab for saving what is left of the Amazon and the world ’s other great tropical forests .
Could President Obama raise that idea in Beijing ?
Having caught with the recent advances in Microsoft ’s C# 4 , the Mono team is now playing with their own extensions to the language .
The two features they are experimenting with are string interpolation and support for multiple return values .
String interpolation is essentially a shortcut for the String .
Format syntax .
Instead of explicitly calling that function with a string containing numeric placeholders , the string is constructed using expressions in the placeholders .
For example ,
var a = ' Hello {name} how are you ? ' ;
Note that in this example from Miguel de Icaza , the string is detonated by single quotes instead of double - quotes .
Miguel is currently soliciting feedback on this feature from Python and Ruby users , as he expects them to be more familiar with any potential problems .
The second language extension is support for tuples , also known as multiple return values .
Given a function that returns a tuple , his patch would allow the function to be called and the tuple unpacked in the same line .
Tuple < string , string , string , int , string > ParseUri ( string url ) ;
( user , password , host , port , path ) = ParseUri ( url ) ;
Creating and returning a tuple would look just like the assignment syntax .
Miguel is also considering extending this to support slicing arrays , enumerations , and older forms of tuple such as DictionaryEntry .
Philippine tarsiers used to be kept as pets , but as they need live insects to eat , may spread worms , and often die in captivity , that no longer seems a good idea .
Oh , and they 're endangered , so you can't buy one anyway
Photograph : Aaron Favila /AP
Nov. 16 , 2009 --
Mothers exposed to high levels of chemicals known as phthalates during pregnancy may have boys who are less likely to play with trucks and other male - typical toys or to play fight , according to a new study .
Phthalates , common in the environment , are found in toys , food packaging , personal care products , nail polish , adhesives , and other products .
In the study , the researchers focused on two phthalates of concern to environmental experts , DEHP and DBP .
They tested the urine of women during the 28th week of pregnancy and divided them into four groups depending on the concentration of phthalate metabolites or breakdown products .
Then they assessed the play behavior of the 145 children when they reached age 3 to 6 .
If mothers were in the highest concentration group , the chance that their boys had a less masculine score was five times greater than mothers in the lowest concentration group , according to study researcher Shanna Swan , PhD , professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Rochester Medical Center 's Center for Reproductive Epidemiology and an expert on phthalates .
'' I 'm not saying these boys are feminized , " Swan tells WebMD .
Rather , she says , '' they are less likely to play in a male - typical manner . "
No effect was found with the girls .
Swan and other experts suspect that exposure to the chemicals affects the level of testosterone crucial for the development not only of male reproductive organs , but also the masculine brain .
'' We now suspect that the phthalate [ exposure ] affects the entire body , not just the reproductive tract , '' Swan says .
The study is published in the International Journal of Andrology .
Frank Schaeffer Byon 11/4/2009 , 11:39 am PT
Guest Blogged by Frank Schaeffer
I grew up in a fundamentalist missionary family that in the 1970s and 80s morphed into my father 's activity as one of the founders of the Religious Right .
We would hobnob with Republican leaders from Ronald Reagan to Gerald Ford and the Bush family , Jack Kemp and many others .
One day it dawned on me that the far right of the Republican Party --- in other words its base --- actually hates America .
The Religious Right reveled in rising crime statistics , " family breakdown " statistics , failing public schools and so forth .
As I explain in my book Patience with God : Faith for People Who Don't Like Religion ( or Atheism ) , if crime started going down , or public school test results started going up --- without the country " turning back to Jesus " --- then that would prove that somehow " we " were wrong .
We wanted our country to fail because it had " turned away " from what we believed to be true .
Combined with the fact that we began to lose parts of the culture war , when it came to other Americans beginning to recognize gay rights , expanding women 's rights , abortion rights and such , the Religious Right and the Republican Party infected gun-toting America with a chip on its shoulder about a mile wide .
This led to the myth that " they " ( fill in the blank , gays , Jews , blacks , liberals --- whatever ) are " taking away our country from ' us ' " ...
" Conservative " means that you believe it 's right to legalize torture , but reject health care for all .
These days to be a conservative means that you hate the United States government elected by the people ; believe that if millions of citizens are out of work that it's their own fault and that the rest of the community should not help them by spending tax dollars ; think that Sarah - believes - in - casting - out - demons - before - she - ran - for - governorship - Palin speaks for you .
To be a conservative means you believe that healthcare reform will lead to " death panels " ; that the president of the United States is not a " real American " ; that a university education is a dangerous thing ; that Americans who live in big cities are less American than those who live in small towns ; that brown people , blacks , progressive whites , gays , public school teachers , Hispanics , immigrants , are somehow conspiring to subvert the " real America " with a " gay agenda " or a " Muslim agenda " or at least the browning of " our " white America .
In other words to be a conservative today is to be an anti-American , nihilistic libertarian know - nothing who believes in unregulated consumerism and the theology of dominion , and the Rapture that many conservatives also subscribe to along with such " facts " as that Obama is the --- literal ! ---
Antichrist .
Other than trying to stop women from having abortions and fighting the whole world , our " terrorist enemies " , in other words everyone " not like us " , conservatism today is nothing more than a pent up reaction against everything " we " do n't understand --- like art , literature , government , history , geography , diversity , how people get to be gay , black or female ... things like that .
Conservatism today is actually not for anything .
It is just against everyone but " us " and a few like us bound together by an alternative reality , otherwise known as Fox / NRA / Beck / Palin / Jesus 's Return - -" News . "
The irony is that conservatives used to wrap themselves in the American flag and belonging to a cause built on higher ideals than pure selfishness and individual choice .
Patriotism was based on principle , not fear and anger .
Conservatism led by people such as the late William F. Buckley , Barry Goldwater and others had its feet firmly planted in what it regarded as the reality - based community as opposed to liberal wishful thinking about progress coming from government , human nature , etc .
The problem for the conservative movement --- hence the Republican Party --- is that the us in " us " was never more narrowly defined .
No one said it openly , in fact it was denied , but it really amounted to we Real Americans boiling down to mostly uneducated white people , dumb enough to believe things such as Sarah Palin 's barefaced lies about Obama consorting with terrorists , and / or , post the Obama election , conspiring to unleash " death panels " on unsuspecting elderly and / or handicapped Americans while turning us into a " Communist state " as everyone knows Hitler did to Germany , that other " communist country " famous right up there with Canada and the UK for killing its sick , tired and poor .
What is the conservative movement today , and / or the Republican Party ?
It 's about as far away from conservatism as it can get .
It is a party ready to trash its own country in support of nihilistic , selfish market - driven " values " the very opposite of conservative values of family , community and stability .
It is in fact what conservatives of the 60s said the hippies were : selfish brats with no sense of responsibility to anyone .
It 's also a party of armed revolution not so subtly egging on its lunatic fringe to commit violence .
It applauds white rubes who show up at public meetings carrying loaded assault weapons " to make a point " and signs reminiscent of Timothy McVeigh and his famous T - shirt ; " the tree of Liberty must be watered with the blood of tyrants " and the like are held up by Murdoch / Beck / Fox and company --- those profiteers off the unregulated market --- as paragons of good sense and free enterprise and gun rights .
To be an actual conservative today is to be a progressive Democrat .
An actual conservative believes in community and accountability to a moral tradition that puts the greater good of others ahead of oneself .
Take a look at the way the very conservative communities of New England 's Puritan towns were arranged around the village green known as " the commons . "
Shared public spaces were owned by the community , for instance grazing land , and town meetinghouses .
People were obliged to show up and participate in the fledgling democracy and vote .
Taxes were dispensed by committees for charitable purposes .
A duty to government and obligations placed on citizens by other citizens --- when it came to putting the life of the community ahead of the self --- were the norm .
The free - market and individual enterprise were strictly curtailed based on not just the needs of the community but , when it came to things like banking and lending , the Old Testament teachings that frowned on " usury " --- in other words banks making more money than they should from ordinary people -- were upheld .
President Obama is a conservative .
He believes in the brotherhood of all people .
He believes in the freedom of the individual to make moral decisions .
He believes that sexuality , religion and skin color should not define us but the content of our characters should define us .
He believes that we are our brother 's keeper .
He believes in loyalty to community and country --- in other words patriotism , whether that 's the honor of serving in the military or the honor of paying taxes to support not just national defense but how we treat what the Bible calls the least amongst us .
People ask me why I'm a progressive these days and " changed sides " from being a conservative .
I did n't change sides .
What changed --- ironically with my father 's and my nefarious " help ! " --- was a conservative movement that became an enclave for hate - filled ignorance , anti-American sentiment and nihilistic individualism .
What changed was my bare faced self deception as I profited from the God business and the far right even though I knew better .
Today I am an independent voter , and an Obama supporter , and a progressive because I am a conservative .
* * *
Frank Schaeffer is the author of Crazy for God : How I Grew Up as One of the Elect , Helped Found the Religious Right , and Lived to Take All ( or Almost All ) of It Back and the forthcoming Patience with God : Faith for People Who Don't Like Religion ( or Atheism ) .
He will be making appearances across the country over the next several months to promote his new book .
His current tour schedule is here .
Please stop by to say hello if he comes to your home town , and tell him you read him on The BRAD BLOG !
Previously from Frank Schaeffer at The BRAD BLOG :
• 10/22/09 : " A Letter to Rupert Murdoch "
• 10/23/09 : Brad Interviews Schaeffer on Green960
• 11/2/09 : " The Loony Right Eats Its Own "
Many of us have seen the article by Willis Eschenbach over at the Anthony Watts site , “ Smoking gun at Darwin Zero ” ( SGDZ ) .
I disagree with Willis that the strongly warming GHCN Darwin 0 data has been used by CRU .
Fig 1 in SGDZ shows a small IPCC diagram with a sketch temperature trend for Northern Australia for the period 1900 ’s to 2000 .
Willis found that the GHCN adjusted Zero version for Darwin warmed very strongly post 1940 , see his Fig 8 .
That trend in Fig 1 looks to me to agree with the land only CRUT3 trend that anyone can generate for that Northern Australia region using the useful KNMI Climate Explorer page which lets you interrogate many monthly global databases – enter link on right to Monthly observations .
Downloading CRUT3 and NCDC GHCN for the period 1907 - 2000 I get trends over the 94 years of 0.48 for CRUT3 and 0.87 for NCDC GHCN .
Following four graphics all from KNMI Climate Explorer
IPCC Northern Australia region – trend for CRUT3
IPCC Northern Australia region – trend for NCDC GHCN
Darwin grid cell – trend for CRUT3 ( I think they are wrong to join Darwin Post Office to Aiport like that )
No sign of Darwin Zero here .
Darwin grid cell – trend for NCDC GHCN
To wrap up this section re Darwin Zero , I am saying the GHCN Darwin Zero data is not used in CRUT3 .
What a shambles the global T datasets are .
Willis says in SGDZ “ One of the things that was revealed in the released CRU emails is that the CRU basically uses the Global Historical Climate Network ( GHCN ) dataset for its raw data . ”
IMHO you have taken this idea too far Willis and this has lead to the mistaken impression that GHCN Zero is causing the trend in the Fig 1 IPCC graphic at SGDZ .
Jones et al 1986 constructed their foundation data before GHCN was even published !!
We have Jones et al station documentation for those 20 year old versions of CRUT ( they included Darwin from 1882 ) – that provided global warming trends for the commencing of the IPCC at the end of the 1980 ’s – the Rio Conference in 1992 – Jones et al 1986 was in every way the BIRTH OF GLOBAL WARMING as we now know it .
The GHCN followed along afterwards and basically agreed .
Sure , from his Jones 1994 update – Jones inserted many more stations and common sense tells you many of these must equate to GHCN sites .
But I would bet my bottom dollar that they were all carefully sifted , scrutinised and altered where required by Jones / CRU before being used .
Remember we do have the Jones 94 station data – but we do NOT have 1994 station documentation equivalent to the 1986 -1991 TR022 and TR027 books published by the US Dept of Energy , CDIAC , refs here
These books are out of print , I hope people ask CDIAC to do another print run of the 1991 edition .
It would be great to ask CDIAC for updated documentation books with all current station data too .
Remember the DoE have been funding Jones / CRU from the early 1980 and I bet still do .
Back to Willis ’ contention that “.. CRU basically uses the Global Historical Climate Network ( GHCN ) dataset .. ” .
The Jones & Moberg 2003 update was a monster cut n paste n fill – mix n match , as stations numbers blew out to over 5,000 .
There was no station data or TR022 - 27 type documentation for this version – but we have to assume their methods were basically as set out in TR022 and TR027 .
IMHO around this time senior UKMO people got uneasy at the developing shambles that was CRUT2 and planned the ending of that series in 2005 and the migration of the project across to the UKMO / Hadley Centre as CRUT3 with Jones as the “ tail end author ” in the Brohan paper .
See my ;
Huge variations now between the 3 main global T datasets
An example in detail : Hadley Centre inserts more warming into New Zealand climate history
I notice 24 Nov 09 statements by CRU saying , “ It is well known within the scientific community and particularly those who are sceptical of climate change that over 95 % of the raw station data has been accessible through the Global Historical Climatology Network for several years ” .
IMHO that was a classic example of misinformation and obfuscation – of which there are many examples in the last 25 years of climate saga .
We should not be lead astray by CRU / Jones attempts to divert us from requiring that they reveal all their station data .
As I say above , any GHCN stations incorporated in Jones et al data would have been “ .. carefully sifted , scrutinised and altered where required by Jones / CRU before being used ” .
Let me just finish by saying , nobody will ever understand what Jones / CRU have done by studying the GHCN – which is riddled with its own errors .
When Google first announced what it called Chrome OS , back in July , it said it would open source the code “ later this year ” .
Last week it made good on that promise with the release of the code for what is now called Chromium OS , and the first analyses have started rolling in .
They 're mostly tinged with a vague air of disappointment , as if Chromium OS is n't quite as exciting as people hoped .
But might Google be aiming much , much higher – and planning to turn the personal computing sector on its head by offering computers that cost nothing ?
Open source is clearly an important part of making that happen : it brings the unit cost of software close to zero .
But there 's still the small matter of the hardware to be paid for .
In fact , costs there can also be brought right down , since Chromium is optimised for netbook form factors .
As Google noted at the launch of its new operating system :
First , it 's all about the web .
All apps are web apps .
The entire experience takes place within the browser and there are no conventional desktop applications .
This means users do not have to deal with installing , managing and updating programs .
That also means you do n't need hard discs or even much RAM .
It also emphasised :
Most of all , we are obsessed with speed .
We are taking out every unnecessary process , optimizing many operations and running everything possible in parallel .
This means you can go from turning on the computer to surfing the web in a few seconds .
Our obsession with speed goes all the way down to the metal .
We are specifying reference hardware components to create the fastest experience for Google Chrome OS .
“ Taking out every unnecessary process , optimizing many operations ” also implies that you can use lower - cost processors than before .
That just leaves the screen , but costs have been plummeting there , too .
I 'm no engineer , so I find it hard to come up with an exact build cost for a minimalist Chromium OS netbook , but I imagine we 're talking ten or twenty dollars , rather than one or two hundred .
Still , even this small cost has to be paid for if the machines are to be given away , and once more , that 's where the Web - based nature of the Chrome OS experience comes in .
It would trivial for Google to place advertising not just in search pages , but in the applications themselves .
Already , it is rolling out ads to more and more of its services .
More significantly , perhaps , it has also brought AdSense ads * inside * a desktop application , Google Earth .
That makes ads inside word processors and spreadsheets a much smaller step .
Google needs to look at this new market because it has nowhere else to go if it wants to continue growing ( as it must do to keep its shareholders happy ) .
It already totally dominates targeted ads of the kind provided by its AdSense .
Display advertising on the Web is the next obvious move , and Google recently bought the company Teracent to do just that :
Teracent 's technology can pick and choose from literally thousands of creative elements of a display ad in real - time — tweaking images , products , messages or colors .
These elements can be optimized depending on factors like geographic location , language , the content of the website , the time of day or the past performance of different ads .
Note , though , that same technology would also work rather well with the content of Web - based * desktop * applications , which are , in effect , private , miniature Web sites .
People already put up with ads alongside Google search results and in Gmail ; I do n't think many would think twice about the offer of a completely free netbook that had suitably discreet advertising appearing throughout the system :
Google could play on the fact that it has so far treated its user with reasonable respect as far as the intrusiveness of ads go .
Google has emphasised that Chromium OS is designed as an ancillary computer , not something that is necessarily in your face all the time , so it 's not as if you would be bombarded all day long .
But by reducing the cost of this second computer to zero , it could make sure that millions – maybe billions – of people would always have the lightweight , small form - factor Google netbook to hand when they needed to look up something , check Facebook and Twitter , or even knock out a quick document .
The unexpected success of netbooks over the last two years shows there is a market for this new kind of computing ; giving away systems for free would take it to the next level .
Then , gradually , that instant - on , secure , secondary netbook might become the one you spend most time on , and Google 's ad revenues would climb even higher ....
So , if Google offered you a fast , light , compact netbook for nothing , in exchange for a few ads appearing here and there as you work , would you accept ?
Or do you think the price you would pay in terms of the company knowing even more about what you do on an hour - by - hour basis would be just too high ?
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY --
A new report criticizes people who fought against California 's Proposition 8 supporters a year ago .
Last November , 52 percent of California voters approved the constitutional amendment that limited marriage to between a man and a woman .
It overturned a previous state court ruling that had legalized gay marriage .
The conservative , California - based think tank The Heritage Foundation released the report called " The Price of Prop 8 . "
It says supporters of Proposition 8 have suffered harassment , intimidation , and sometimes vandalism .
Thomas M. Messner , author of the 16 - page publication , wrote that Prop. 8 supporters " have been subjected to harassment , intimidation , vandalism , racial scapegoating , blacklisting , loss of employment , economic hardships , angry protests , violence , at least one death threat and gross expressions of anti-religious bigotry . "
The report cites detailed incidents and includes 112 footnotes .
The publication also includes a section called " Mormons in the Crosshairs . "
It details efforts against The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , which was one of many groups that encouraged support of the proposition .
The paper also mentions a handful of acts committed against Prop. 8 opponents and acknowledges many gay - marriage activists have condemned certain types of hostilities , the Deseret News reports .
California 's gay - rights activists want to repeal Prop. 8 , but they have n't decided whether to try it in 2010 or 2012 .
In some states , same - sex marriage is taking center stage again Tuesday as voters take up the issue in Maine and Washington .
×
Related Links
Related Stories
Catholics for Marriage Equality at the Holiday Inn , Portland , Maine on election night .
( Chuck Colbert photo )
Gathering money from 50 U.S. dioceses , the Portland , Maine , diocese contributed more than $ 550,000 to the campaign to rejected Maine 's law extending civil marriage to gay and lesbian couples , according to financial records filed with the state agency that tracks political contributions .
In the Nov. 3 referendum , Maine voters rejected 53 to 47 percent the same - sex marriage law .
Supporters and opponents of the law spent more than $ 7 million , according to the Portland Press Herald .
During the summer , Bishop Richard J. Malone of Portland sent an appeal to other Catholic bishops seeking contributions to defeat the law that the state legislature passed and the governor signed in May .
According to financial records filed with Maine 's campaign finance watchdog , the Portland diocese donated nearly $ 286,000 to Stand For Marriage Maine , which was seeking to repeal the same - sex law .
Malone had ordered a second collection be taken up at Masses one September weekend which netted $ 86,000 .
After Portland , Maine , the largest diocesan contributors were the Philadelphia archdiocese and Phoenix diocese , each giving $ 50,000 .
The sees of Newark , N.J. , St. Louis , Mo. , and Youngstown , Ohio , each contributed $ 10,000 .
The Diocesan Assistance Fund of Providence , R.I. , gave $ 10,000.00 .
Contributing $ 5,000 were the dioceses of Arlington , Va. , Rockford , Ill. , Crookston , Minn. , and Pittsburgh , Pa . The Roman Catholic Foundation in the Archdiocese of Baltimore , Inc. donated $ 2,500 .
Contributing $ 2,000 were the diocese of Portland , Ore. , Jefferson City , Mo. , Savannah , Ga. , and the archdiocese of New Orleans .
The Columbus , Ohio , diocese gave $ 1,500 .
Contributing $ 1,000 were the archdioceses of Cincinnati , Ohio , Hartford , Hartford , Conn. , and Atlanta , Ga. , and the dioceses of Fort Worth , Texas , Green Bay , Wis. , Ft. Wayne - South Bend , Ind. , Baton Rouge , La. , Colorado Springs , Colo. , Gary , Ind. , Parma , Ohio , Erie , Pa. , Joliet , Ill. , Grand Island , Nebr. , and the Diocesan Center for Family Life , Jacksonville , Fla .
Contributing $ 500 were the dioceses of Biloxi , Miss. , Altoona - Johnstown , Pa. , Metuchen , N.J. , Scranton , Pa. , Springfield - Cape Girardeau , Mo. , St. Thomas in the Virgin Islands , Winona , Minn. , Yakima , Wash. , LaCrosse , Wis. , and Rockville Centre , N.Y .
The Eparchy of St. Maron of Brooklyn gave $ 300 .
The dioceses of Wilmington , Del. , and Las Cruces , N.M. , gave $ 200 each .
The San Angelo , Texas , diocese gave $ 150 .
The financial report says the bishop of Fall River , Mass. , donated $ 5,000 ; the archbishop of Mobile , Ala. , gave $ 2,000 , and the bishops of Wheeling - Charleston , W.Va. , Louisville , Ky. , and Springfield , Mass . , each donated $ 1,000 .
Advertisement
Individual bishops were named in the financial report .
Giving $ 1,000 were Richard Lennon of Cleveland , Ohio , and William Lori of Bridgeport , Conn .
Giving $ 500 were Herbert Brevard of St. Thomas , Virgin Islands , and John D'Arcy of Fort Wayne , Ind. Giving $ 250 were Jose Gomez of San Antonio , Texas , and John LeVoir of New Ulm , Minn .
Joseph Kurtz of Louisville , Ky. , gave $ 200 .
Private institutions or individuals contributing to the Stand for Marriage organization through the Portland diocese were Maine businessman Robert S. Nanovic , $ 10,000 ; the Catholic Foundation of Northeast Kansas , $ 10,000 ; and the Catholic fraternal organization , the Knights of Columbus , $ 50,000 .
All figures are from the state 's Governmental Ethics & Election Practices financial transaction listing .
NCR telephoned and e-mailed nearly a dozen chancery offices to ask about contributions to the Maine referendum .
Two responded : Philadelphia and Providence , R.I. The St. Louis archdiocese issued a statement to local media , explaining the contribution .
A spokesperson for the Cleveland diocese declined to respond .
Donna Farrell , communications director for the Philadelphia archdiocese said in a statement that Malone had requested donations to assist with education and to help people understand the timeless teaching of the church that marriage is between one man and one woman .
“ As part of the universal church , the Archdiocese of Philadelphia responds to various requests for donations which come from outside the diocese , in order to advance the mission of the church by promoting and defending the teaching of Christ , ” Farrell said .
“ Examples of contributions which have been made by the archdiocese for other purposes include those to feed the hungry and provide for the needy in mission countries , to assist victims of natural disasters ; to support Catholic military chaplains and pastoral care for our men and women in uniform and to defend the dignity and sanctity of life from conception to natural death .
" The archdiocese responds to such particular requests in addition to its ongoing commitment to provide tuition assistance for Catholic education , to sustain struggling parishes and to ensure that the Gospel message is known and realized . ”
Michael Guilfoyle , communications director for the Providence diocese , said , “ The donation was an expression of clear support by the Diocese of Providence for the effort to defend the Sacrament of Marriage in Maine .
Certainly , the proximity of Maine affects the situation here in Rhode Island . ”
“ The Diocesan Emergency Assistance Fund is a charitable program over which the bishop has discretion and is funded by anonymous donors , " he added .
The St. Louis archdiocese issued a media release that said :
“ In June of this year , Archbishop Richard Malone of Portland , Maine sent a letter to all U.S. bishops asking for financial support for issues the church considers to be moral issues .
Archbishop Robert J. Carlson approved a donation for $ 10,000 , which was charged to the special needs fund .
This fund has traditionally been the archbishop ’s for discretionary spending , not for formal operations , and is funded by private gifts .
These funds were already available when Archbishop Carlson arrived in St. Louis .
Archbishops of St. Louis have made donations in the past to help other dioceses around the world for various causes ranging from disaster relief , to pro-life issues . ”
A group based in Portland , Maine , called Catholics ' Statement of Conscience gave $ 2,960 to the campaign in favor of Maine 's law extending civil marriage to gay and lesbian couples .
Maine 's election financing report is available online : http://www.mainecampaignfinance.com/public/entity_financial_transactions.asp?TYPE=BQC&ID=4528
[ Chuck Colbert is a freelance writer living in Cambrige , Mass . ]
More than a few on the right are alarmed by the torrent of racism accusations that an all - star cast of liberal luminaries has directed at President Obama ’s critics .
“ When people like Jimmy Carter and Maureen Dowd start saying this kind of thing , we ’ve reached a whole new level of ugliness in our political discourse , ” as one friend of mine puts it .
“ No charge in American life is so poisonous . ”
He ’s got a point , of course — especially about the poisonous part .
Yet as those on the other side spew the R - word with ever more irresponsible abandon , some of us find new reason for hope .
Here ’s a chance to lance the boil once and for all .
Genuine racism is a terrible thing , and for far too long it was a virulent strain running through our national life .
This is so patently obvious that it scarcely bears repeating .
Yet those of us who point out how much our nation has changed for the better invariably feel obliged to repeat it , early and often , lest our very sense of optimism about race relations make us subject to the charge .
So while we ’re at it , let ’s dispense with the other essential pro forma acknowledgment : yes , even in today ’s America , traces of the vilest racism persist in some dark hearts and twisted minds .
But those liberals who ’ve lately been issuing the racism charge so promiscuously ( speaking of aberrant hearts and minds ) are aiming it not at skinheads living in their parents ’ basements or at would - be Klansmen , but at decent Americans with the temerity to object to presidential policies that they believe would damage both the quality of their lives and the nation itself : in short , at Americans acting in the best tradition of democratic citizenship .
This is so preposterous that literally millions who ’ve never before given the matter any thought are taking notice .
And what they see is what has long been true : that the charge of racism is invariably a crock ; indeed , that more than simply an expression of ( often contrived ) liberal moral outrage , it ’s intended to be the ultimate conversation stopper .
Ward Connerly , long the leader of the fight against racial preferences in America , observes that he ’s had the experience more times than he cares to count of speaking before an audience , knowing that 99 of 100 people agree with him .
“ But if there ’s one angry black person in the audience who disagrees , ” he says , “ that person controls the room .
He ’ll go on about the last 400 years , and institutional racism , and ‘ driving while black , ’ and the other 99 will just sit there and fold like a cheap accordion . ”
And Connerly is black himself .
For the liberal opinion makers and trend setters who ’ve set themselves up as America ’s racial referees , the accused racist is always presumed to be guilty of at least something .
I speak here from all - too - personal experience .
Some years ago , promoting a book about my move from left to right , I gave a speech in Dallas in which I chanced to mention the ongoing controversy over Mark Twain ’s use of the N - word in Huckleberry Finn .
Afterward , in the question - and - answer segment , an audience member took exception to my own use of the offending word ( in quoting Twain ) , and we had a brief back - and - forth about it .
I figured that was the end of it , until the Fort Worth Star - Telegram ran a hit piece on the “ conservative author ” who ’d supposedly made racially inflammatory comments in a speech , thereby leaving my audience “ stunned . ”
In short order , several other Texas papers picked up the story .
So there I was , publicly labeled a racist .
It did n’t feel terrific .
For a few days there , I wanted nothing so much as to hide under the nearest rock .
That ’s why I will be forever grateful to Myron Magnet , then the editor of City Journal , who persuaded me to write about the incident for the magazine instead .
The result was cathartic .
Readers reacted with anger and disgust not only on my behalf but also , in many cases , because they clearly identified , having been subject to the baseless charge also , if only in social situations .
They deluged the offending reporter and his editor with e-mail ; some who lived in the Dallas area canceled their subscriptions to the Star - Telegram .
For once on the defensive , their dirty work exposed to public view , the race baiters could only issue mealy - mouthed self - justifications .
Much the same thing is beginning to happen today on a much vaster scale .
Countless ordinary Americans are tired of being called racists for no other reason than that their political and social beliefs are uncongenial to those on America ’s college campuses or New York ’s Upper West Side .
President Obama himself may have set this seismic shift in motion in July with his off - the - cuff and wholly inaccurate attribution of racism to a decent Cambridge cop for the sin of doing his job .
But the latest spate of charges from his surrogates is the topper .
Here ’s hoping it leads to the honest conversation on race that Obama ’s attorney general , Eric Holder , claims to want .
That conversation is long overdue , so let ’s have at it .
Let ’s talk , for starters , about the shocking double standard in the way liberals and conservatives are allowed to deal with race and racism .
Why is it okay for liberals to belittle Clarence Thomas endlessly as an Uncle Tom ?
And how does liberal cartoonist Ted Rall get away with calling Condoleezza Rice a “ house nigga , ” and his colleague Jeff Danziger with drawing her as a mammy in a caricature as cruelly demeaning as anything in Julius Streicher ’s Der Stürmer ?
Let ’s talk , too , about racial profiling — and start paying appropriate attention to the statistical evidence cited by Heather Mac Donald establishing that the disproportionate arrest and incarceration rates of minorities are explained not by racism but by disproportionate rates of criminality .
Let ’s talk about how American business has long been subject to blackmail by Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton in the name of social justice , and about the many other ways in which the regime of racial preferences has sowed division and corruption in this country .
Let ’s talk about how even after the Duke rape fiasco , the media continue to give credence to every racism charge ; indeed , how just this week , vicious ( and transparently phony ) statements about race attributed to Rush Limbaugh uncritically disseminated by mainstream outlets helped sink Limbaugh ’s bid for NFL ownership .
And yes , let ’s talk about white liberal bigotry , the bigotry of low expectations , and how it cripples and demeans those it supposedly aims to help .
Exhibit A might be the recent call by the Tucson Unified School District to revamp its disciplinary system to cut down on the suspensions and expulsions of minority students ( but not white ones ) so that the numbers reveal “ no ethnic / racial disparities . ”
Are such conversations possible in contemporary America ?
With the liberals ’ racism charge losing its power to intimidate and silence , there is at least some hope .
Because finally , more and more of us are getting the message that it ’s the fear of having these conversations that is truly racist .
Radiozeugnisse : Versetzung gefährdet Horst Müller
Deutschlands Radiosender befinden sich auf dem
Weg in eine ernsthafte Krise
Innerhalb eines halben Jahres sind den Hörfunkern weit mehr als eine halbe Million Hörer abhanden gekommen .
Das ist zumindest das Kernergebnis der Media - Analyse , die am 8 .
März veröffentlicht wurde .
Für die als „ offizielle Währung “ im deutschen Radiomarkt geltende Untersuchung waren im Frühjahr und Herbst des vergangenen Jahres mehr als 58.000 Deutsche telefonisch befragt worden .
Grund zum Jubeln gab ’s eigentlich nur in Ismaning bei München .
Unter Radiomanagern kursiert eine Faustregel für Umsatzsteigerungen : Pro 10.000 dazu gewonnener Hörer in der Media - Analyse , erhöhen sich die Werbeumsätze im Folgejahr um 1 Million Euro .
Für Antenne Bayern hieße das ein Umsatzplus von 15 Millionen Euro – schließlich wurde für den Privatsender in der aktuell veröffentlichten Media - Analyse ein Zugewinn von knapp 150.000 - auf fast eine Million Hörer - in der Durchschnittstunde ausgewiesen .
„ Antenne Bayern schlägt alle Rekorde “ , freuten sich die Radiomacher aus Ismaning bei München in einer eilig verbreiteten Pressemitteilung und stellten zudem fest , dass „ Antenne Bayern seit heute nicht nur Bayerns , sondern Deutschlands meistgehörter Radiosender “ sei .
Mit „ Dingsbums “ zum Erfolg
Ganz korrekt ist diese Feststellung nicht – schließlich sind die Daten der jetzt veröffentlichten Media - Analyse zwischen sechs und 12 Monate alt .
Und auch die von Antenne Bayern angeführten Gründe für den Erfolg sind zweifelhaft : “ Es war der Mut der Mannschaft manchmal andere Wege zu gehen , als die anderen .
So haben wir in den letzten Jahren unser Informationsangebot kontinuierlich ausgebaut “ , ließ Programmdirektorin Valerie Weber per Pressemitteilung verlauten .
Die von groß angelegten Anzeigen - und Plakatierungskampagnen begleiteten Gewinnaktionen des Senders wie „ Dingsbums “ , hat die Radiofrau in diesem Zusammenhang lieber verschwiegen .
Auffallend ist allerdings , dass Antenne Bayern seine Hörerzahlen kontinuierlich steigert , seitdem Radioberater Rik de Lisle den Hörfunkern aus Ismaning bei München vor knapp zwei Jahren den massiven Einsatz der zumeist dümmlichen Aktionen mit hohen Gewinnversprechen verordnet hatte .
„ Losbudenradio “ mit begrenzter Haltbarkeit
Dass diese
Art von Losbudenradio nur eine begrenzte Haltbarkeit hat , müssen andere – ebenfalls von de Lisle betreute - Privatprogramme längst registrieren .
In den vergangenen zwei Jahren verlor der sächsische Privatsender Radio PSR mehr als ein Drittel seiner Hörerschaft .
„ Radscho , nee lass ma “ , sagen sich offenbar immer mehr Sachsen .
Allein im Freistaat sind in dieser Media - Analyse über 50.000 Hörer weniger aufgelistet , als noch ein halbes Jahr zuvor .
Bundesweit kamen gar über 550.000 Hörer abhanden .
Vor allem bei den Jüngeren macht sich immer mehr Radiomüdigkeit breit .
In der vermeintlich werberelevanten Zielgruppe der 14 - 49 jährigen waren es diesmal allein 489.000 Hörer weniger – das ist innerhalb eines halben Jahres ein Rückgang von 3,9 % .
Wohl nie zuvor ist die Nutzung eines Mediums in Deutschland in einer vergleichbar kurzen Zeit dermaßen stark gesunken .
Radio befindet sich längst in einer ernsthaften Krise .
Das werden demnächst wohl auch Werbeentscheider zunehmend feststellen und gemeinsam mit ehemaligen – vor allem jüngeren - Hörern zu anderen Medien wie dem Internet abwandern .
Ob die Faustregel für Umsatzsteigerungen für den „ MA - Gewinner “ Antenne Bayern überhaupt noch zutreffen wird , ist offen .
Programmdirektorin
Weber hauchte dennoch am Mittwoch mehrfach ein „ Danke fürs Einschalten “ ins Mikrofon ihres Senders .
Horst Müller ist Professor für Redaktionspraxis im Fachbereich Medien an der Hochschule Mittweida ( FH ) .
( Horst Müller )
