Give these to people you like , or do n’t like .
Big thanks to oldgooner for sending me the link to a short film by Rohan Blair - Mangat that gives an atmospheric and thoroughly enjoyable impression of last Wednesday ’s match with Liverpool .
I hope you enjoy it as much as I did .
Obviously big thanks too are due to Rohan for permission to share his documentary .
So grab a glass of something tasty , click on fullscreen , and enjoy a little treat .
Cheers , ‘ holics .
Former Heisman Trophy - winning quarterback Tim Tebow of Florida wo n’t be on the Super Bowl field in Miami , Fla. , on Sunday , but his expected prime - time , anti-abortion ad is keeping him in the spotlight and raising questions about the sometimes awkward balancing act between religion and sports .
" He has become sort of the epitome or exemplar of the engagement between Christianity and big - time sports , ” said Tom Krattenmaker , author of the new book , " Onward Christian Athletes : Turning Ballparks Into Pulpits and Players Into Preachers . ”
" I ca n’t recall ever seeing so much ( attention ) around one athlete : both incredible respect , incredible accomplishment on the field , sterling character off the field , combined with this level of controversy and discussion and hoopla . ”
Religion and sports have n’t always been on the same team ; just ask any pastor who ’s found members of his flock out on the links on a Sunday morning instead of in the pews .
At the same time , sport evangelism ministries are more than half a century old , and even St. Paul turned to sports metaphors in talking about running " with endurance the race that is set before us . ”
Tebow ’s public expressions of faith — from Bible verses painted on his face during games to the $ 2.5 million Super Bowl ad sponsored by Focus on the Family — have sparked a range of questions about what ’s appropriate when God meets the gridiron .
Some observers say Tebow has every right to appear in a Super Bowl commercial , even though they might question whether it ’s the best way to share his views .
" It could very well be a great message , but is it a good venue ? ” asked Paul Louis Metzger , who teaches theology and culture at Multnomah Biblical Seminary in Portland , Ore .
" Is it helpful to the discussion , or does it up the volume , so to speak , on the culture war rhetoric ? ”
Some sports columnists have given Tebow a foul , saying the ad about a hot - button social issue is , well , out of bounds .
" Religion should not be part of sport .
Period , ” declared Chicago Sun -Times columnist Rick Telander in a recent commentary .
The Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice urged supporters to pressure CBS to pull the ad because they " object to the equation of being Christian and being anti-abortion . ”
Though the contents of the ad have n’t been released , it ’s widely expected to feature Tebow and his mother , who was advised to consider abortion when she was pregnant with Tebow because of a high - risk pregnancy .
" I know some people wo n’t agree with it , ” Tebow has told reporters , " but I think they can at least respect that I stand up for what I believe . ”
From the Laboratory of Thomas Edison comes this brief letter to William Le Roy Emmet , an award - winning engineer who began working at GE back when it was still known as Edison General Electric and then stayed with the firm for many years .
In 1926 Emmet ’s success caught Edison ’s attention , and , as seen in the following note , provoked a congratulatory remark from the company ’s founder , followed by a warning about the road ahead .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
From the Laboratory of Thomas A. Edison
Orange , N.J. , Nov. 27 , 1926
Mr. W. L. R. Emmet
General Electric Co
1 River Road
Schenectady , N.Y .
My dear Mr. Emmet :-
I want to thank you for your letter of the 23rd , with its enclosure , and at the same time to extend my congratulations to you on the successful outcome of your ideas .
The worst is to come , for it takes about seven years to convert the average man to the acceptance of a solved problem .
With all good wishes to you , I remain
Yours very truly
Thos .
A. Edison
TAE:O
U.S. Healthcare Spending
While the quality of healthcare in the U.S. is 37th worldwide , healthcare spending as a percentage of GDP is second only to Marshall Islands .
Much of the money spent on healthcare in the U.S. is not for medications , tests or treatment , but for administrative costs .
Countries that have cut healthcare administration costs spend less on healthcare , yet many have much better quality healthcare than the U.S. — thus the growth in medical tourism .
Further compounding matters in the U.S. is the impending shortage of nurse practitioner careers , which is driving up their salaries .
Click the image below to enlarge .
Embed this image on your website
Everything you need to know about the art of tantric sex
Robert Lee Thompson , 34 , did n't fire the shot that killed clerk Mansoor Rahim , also identified as Mansoor Rahim Mohammed , during a robbery of the Seven Evenings convenience store on Braeswood Boulevard .
But a Harris County jury sentenced him to death under the state 's “ law of parties , ” which holds accomplices as responsible for a murder as the person who does the killing .
The triggerman , Sammy Butler , was sentenced to life in prison after prosecutors failed to prove he intended to kill Rahim .
In the punishment phase of Thompson 's trial , prosecutors contended the men had been involved in at least eight other robberies , some of which resulted in the deaths of store employees .
Thompson 's case marked the third time the Texas Board of Pardons and Paroles has recommended that a death sentence be commuted to life in prison during Perry 's years as governor .
He has voluntarily commuted only one death sentence during his tenure as governor .
“ After reviewing all the facts in the case of Robert Lee Thompson , who had a murderous history and participated in the killing of ( Rahim ) , I have decided to uphold the jury 's capital murder conviction and capital punishment for this heinous crime , ” Perry said in a written statement .
Thompson , who converted to Islam while in prison , opened his final remarks : “ I bear witness that there is no God , but Allah .
From Allah we come and to Allah we return . ”
He thanked his mother and friends for their support .
“ We all have to walk this path , ” he said .
“ Smile , be happy , do n't cry . ”
More for you News Perry rejects advice to spare Houston killer
Thompson then apologized for his crime .
“ I never meant any of your family to get hurt , ” he said to an empty chamber normally occupied by the victim 's family .
Thompson 's mother , Audrey Champs , one of two people he wanted to witness his death , wept inconsolably , stamping her feet and pressing her head to the glass separating the witness room from the execution chamber .
“ Oh God , oh God , oh God , ” she sobbed .
At one point the woman asked to be escorted from the witness room .
Thompson was declared dead at 6:19 p.m .
Out of ammo
Court documents indicate the robbery was to have been a final stickup in a series committed by Thompson and Butler .
The store was staffed by Rahim and a cousin , Mubarakali Meredia .
In a death row interview , Thompson said he had harbored resentment against merchants he considered exploitative of blacks .
Thompson approached Meredia at the checkout counter , pulled a pistol and demanded money .
As the clerk opened the register , Thompson shot him four times .
He then spotted Rahim at the store 's rear and fired two shots in his direction .
Then , trial records indicate , Thompson aimed his weapon at Meredia 's neck and pulled the trigger a fifth time .
Out of ammunition , the pistol failed to fire .
Thompson then pistol - whipped the clerk and beat him over the head with the cash tray .
Meredia survived the attack .
As the robbers fled —
Thompson at the getaway car 's wheel , Butler in the passenger seat — Rahim charged into the parking lot .
Butler fired two shots , killing him .
Even though Thompson did not fire the fatal bullet , under the Texas law of parties he was a killer as culpable as Butler and was eligible for the death penalty .
A similar case
The case bore similarities to the only case in which Perry commuted a death sentence .
In August 2007 he spared the life of Kenneth Foster , who had been convicted of capital murder in a law of parties case stemming from a deadly San Antonio traffic altercation .
As with Thompson , Foster , who had been the getaway driver in a series of robberies , did not fire the lethal bullet .
Texas ' law of parties stipulates that a person may be held culpable if he “ solicits , encourages , directs , aids or attempts to aid the other persons to commit the offense . ”
Additionally , it holds that if one felony offense grows out of the commission of another felony — a murder stemming from a robbery , for example — all parties in the first crime may be held responsible for the second .
allan.turner@chron.com
A Thai riot soldier wears a gas mask at the Government House in Bangkok , Thailand , on March 16 .
Tens of thousands of protesters pressed ahead with a mass rally in Bangkok on Tuesday , some expressing frustration that four days of peaceful protests had failed to force Thailand 's premier to call elections .
Leaders of the 'red shirts ' collected blood from supporters which they spilled outside the gates in what they are calling a symbolic sacrifice for democracy .
Just whose fault is it that as many as 142,962 children were missed du ...
More cores
It 's been a busy start to the year for mobile chip maker Qualcomm , with the launch of the Google Nexus One and Lenovo trying to chuck a Snapdragon chip in anything it can get its hands on .
And things do n't look like letting up , with two new flavours of Snapdragon due to be launched this year .
We spoke to Luis Pineda , SVP of product management for Qualcomm CDMA Technologies ( pictured below ) , at CES 2010 today and he shed some light on what we can expect from the Snapdragon roadmap in the next 12 months .
Later this month a 45nm version of Snapdragon - the 8X50A - clocking at 1.3 GHz will be offered to manufacturers and is expected to appear in end - products by the end of this year .
Also before the end of the year , Qualcomm will unveil a dual - core Snapdragon - the 8X72 - with each Scorpion core clocking at 1.5 GHz .
Pineda said it can be used in both phones and smartbook type devices and will be capable of providing 1080 p resolution .
Pineda also brought along a few smartphones and there was one we had n't seen before , even though it was launched a month or so ago .
It 's called the LG eXpo , and supports an optional ‘ pico projector ' - the LG Mobile Projector that clips onto the phone and can project straight from it .
There 's also a fingerprint reader .
What 's your favourite place in London ?
I might mention Greenwich , where we used to go for picnics , or Highbury Fields , where I go and smoke cigars and stare at the sky .
But you know what ?
I am increasingly taken by the view from the office in City Hall .
What 's your priority for the capital as mayor ?
There is not a day that passes when I do n't curse this recession , and curse the government for the role it played in screwing up the economy .
So my top priority is to get our capital through the downturn - giving cut - price travel to those in search of work and the over - sixties , and doing everything we can to keep the housing industry moving .
How can London make it past the downturn ?
There are some parts of the economy that have proved astonishingly resilient , and I am completely confident that things will pick up strongly by the back end of this year .
We are one of the only European cities to have a young and growing population .
We are going through a neo -Victorian age of transport investment - the Tube upgrades , the Thames Tideway tunnel - and my job as mayor is to keep blapping ministers between the eyes until they understand that it would be utter madness to cut infrastructure projects that will increase com­petitiveness .
So the plan is simple : lengthen London 's lead as the best big city on earth .
What will be your biggest achievement as mayor ?
Asking that is like peering into a crib full of octuplets and asking the proud mother which baby will be the brightest .
It 's just too early to say , and I do n't want to jinx things by boasting .
I am pleased with our success in fighting crime - down 9 per cent in the first 21 months of my mayoralty - and especially in tackling knife crime and aggro on public transport , both issues on which I campaigned .
We already have more electric cars than any other city in Europe , and you should not ­underestimate my militant determination to increase cycling .
I am a proud former motoring correspondent for GQ magazine , but we are crazy to be making so many short journeys by car .
Cycling went up 10 per cent in my first year , and we are hoping to have further success this year .
I know how unpopular bikes can be , but we are going ahead full tilt in the serene confidence that it is the right thing for London .
Who is your hero ?
Pericles .
At the age of about 12 , I read that bit where he defines a democracy and an open society - equality under the law , advancement based on merit , freedom to do what you want provided you do n't harm others - and I remember thinking that this was what I believed in .
I remember passionately identifying this way of life with America ; this was during the cold war .
I identified Sparta - nasty , closed , militaristic , authoritarian - with socialist Russia .
Are bankers much maligned ?
Let 's face it , this recession was not caused by union militancy or oil prices .
It was caused by bankers taking too many risks .
That is why I said it was outrageous that they continue to pay themselves stonking bonuses , as though nothing had happened .
Where I differ from some commentators is on whether it would be a good idea to attack the financial services industry , to hack it back and sack them all in the demented belief that manufacturing would somehow plug the gap .
What place should banking hold in Britain 's economy ?
London happens to be a world leader in a business that is indispensable to a market economy .
That business generates stupendous tax revenues .
It attracts people of talent and spending power to our city .
I certainly believe these people need to make a much bigger contribution to the lives of people around them .
But it is one thing to insist that bankers show a greater sense of duty to society , and another to launch a wholesale attack on a sector that is of huge ­economic importance .
Do you support the 50 p tax on high earners ?
We can't expect to muddle along for ever with a top rate of tax considerably higher than most of our serious competitors , including Germany , France , Italy , China , Switzerland , Australia and America .
So the answer is no .
Should Britain leave the EU ?
No .
But it was a scandal that Labour got re-elected by promising a referendum on Lisbon , and then failed to deliver .
What do you like about David Cameron ?
He 's a nice guy but he 's also tough as old boots .
And I very much like the fact that he 's about to be Prime Minister .
Does class matter any more ?
Ask Harriet Harman - an Old Paulina whose uncle Lord Longford was a very sound Bullingdon man .
Are we all doomed ?
Of course not .
Defining moments
1964 Born in New York
1986 Graduates from Oxford and joins the Times .
Later fired for falsifying a quote
1994 Assistant editor , Daily Telegraph
1999 Appointed editor of the Spectator
2001 Elected as MP for Henley
2003 Vice - chairman of the Conservatives , then shadow minister for the arts
2004 Removed from both party posts following an affair with Petronella Wyatt
2008 Elected Mayor of London
PASADENA – City council members will consider next month the possibility of an outright ban on smoking in city limits .
On Monday , the council ’s Public Safety Committee discussed a long - proposed ban on smoking in apartment buildings , and Councilman Steve Haderlein asked the staff to find out whether the city has the legal authority to put a full smoking ban into place .
Pasadena passed a ban on outdoor smoking in most public areas in 2008 , and at the time pledged to consider the apartment restrictions within the next year .
Haderlein , who is the chair of the committee , said he was n’t sure he would support an outright ban , but said he would like to know if it is an option .
“ Something that broad and dramatic , we ’d really have to go to our citizens and see if it is what they wanted , ” said Haderlein .
The discussion on extending the restrictions beyond apartment and condo units stemmed from concerns by committee members that it would be unfair to target smokers there , while ignoring smokers who live in single - family homes .
Haderlein noted , for example , that his neighbor is a smoker , and that he can sometimes smell the smoke drifting in through his kitchen window .
Multiple members of the public showed up to the meeting to complain of their neighbors ’ smoking .
Many said they could no longer keep their windows open because smoke from other units frequently entered their apartment .
Nancy Sagatelian , who owns a condo on South Lake Avenue , spoke Monday and said in a later interview that she was evicted from her apartment for complaining about her neighbor ’s smoking .
She said that since she bought a condo , she had hoped to avoid the problem , but said she still has problems with neighbors smoking .
“ I thought as a homeowner I ’d have rights , but I have n’t been able to find anybody who can help me , ” said Sagatelian .
Options the city will consider at the next meeting , along with the outright city ban and single - family home ban , will include a ban on smoking in apartments , requiring a certain percentage of smoke - free units , or requiring owners to have smoking and non-smoking units in different parts of the building .
Christy Zamani , the director of the non-profit Day One , which has been pushing for a second ordinance , said the group was open to all the options .
“ Even just a guarantee of making 80 percent of all units non-smoking would be a good start , ” Zamani said .
She said the group approves of Haderlein ’s idea on an outright ban , but does n’t view it as likely to happen .
“ It ’s a very forward - thinking proposal , but we favor gradual steps , ” Zamani said .
Committee members expressed concerns about all the proposed options .
Councilwoman Margaret McAustin , for example , said she was worried about the rights of smokers who live in those buildings .
“ If you restrict the number of smoking units , where do all the smokers go ? ” McAustin asked at the meeting .
She said in a later interview that she is not sure whether she wanted to support a new ordinance or not .
“ I can see both sides of the issue , ” said McAustin .
“ We ’re talking about what people do in their own homes . ”
Councilman Steve Madison said he was concerned that restricting the rights of smokers in apartment units , while allowing homeowners to freely smoke was “ economic discrimination , ” since many renters and condo owners can’t afford a single - family home .
Still , Madison and others expressed some level of support for a new ordinance .
It was actually Haderlein who expressed the most skepticism about any restrictions on smoking in apartments .
He said that the city would not have the manpower to enforce the ban , and would have to leave it to the apartment landlords .
“ I do n’t think it ’s practical to make a landlord that might not even live in the city responsible for his tenant ’s smoking , ” Haderlein said .
dan.abendschein@sgvn.com
626-962-8811 , ext. 4451
Still the best temperature gauge of What The Indie Game Development Scene Is Up To This Year , this year 's Independent Games Festival brought in yet another record number of entries ( 306 to last year 's 226 ) , and its just - released finalist selection has brought another round of some of the most innovative and finely crafted games due for release in months .
The grand prize finalists this year see a diverse collection of stunt - jumping daredevils , competitively coordinating catburglars , sadistically savory sacks of meat , post - traumatic surreal memory exploration , and militaristic poultry , and its Nuovo finalists — awarded for boundary - pushing shortform and abstract works — bring together Atari 2600 haiku , sedan - slamming bears , dark interactive poetry , all - out sensory / perception warping , and a play between light and darkness itself .
And so below , ahead of the final winner announcements during March 's Game Developers Conference , a complete illustrated guide to all twenty of 2010's IGF finalists across all its categories , with a precis of each , links for more information , and , where available , a link to play all finalists that have already released their games .
AaaaaAAaaaAAAaaAAAAaAAAAA !!! — A Reckless Disregard for Gravity • PC • Dejobaan Games , LLC • www
Nominated for : Excellence in Design
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Yes !
Dejobaan 's latest game might have the most unwieldy name of all the IGF entries , but it's also probably the most literally descriptive : its base - jumping core is n't about flying so much as free - falling , with bonuses for stylishly skirting its floating cities on the way down and tossing flourishes or fingers toward your fans while you get there .
A Slow Year • Atari 2600 , PC , Mac • Ian Bogost • www
Nominated for : Nuovo Award
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Not yet .
The sharpest among you will remember that A Slow Year is n't the first ' zen ' - like experience professor , researcher , and occasional Colbert guest Ian Bogost has designed for the Atari 2600 : that honor goes to his Guru Meditation , a stillness simulator created for the retro-tech Wii Balance Board - ish " Joyboard " later ported to the iPhone , in which players win by sitting motionless for as long as possible .
A Slow Year takes that zen inspiration a step further with four interactive haiku — games about maximizing your quiet sunrise pleasure before your morning coffee gets cold , guessing the time / distance between a lightning strike and its accompanying peal of thunder , or closing your eyes and anticipating where a floating stick will be when you re-open them — that , on completion , will be sold as a new 2600 cartridge , along with a book of poetry .
Closure • PC , Mac • Closure Team • www
Nominated for : Excellence in Audio , Nuovo Award , Technical Excellence
Can I Play It Right Now ?
In its early Flash form , yes !
If you 've played Tyler Glaiel and company 's original Flash prototype of Closure you 've only scratches its surface , as the team rebuilds the game from the ground up as a PC , Mac and quite likely a console experience .
If you have n't , start there now : Closure is the very definition of Gestalt - gaming , where what you can't see is quite literally not there — if the floor is not lit , there is no floor , and the borders of cast light can be jumped on like platforms — and in its new form is twice as terrifying as you wend your way through its horrible nightmarish blackness .
Cogs • PC , iPhone • Lazy 8 Studios • www
Nominated for : Excellence in Design
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Yes !
Cogs wears its design on its sleeve : it is little more than a brass and woodwork steampunk tile - swapping game , but what 's surprising is how much variety and startlingly clever puzzle design they 've been able to twist out of that simple premise , as your playfield expands into further dimensions and shapes .
With an iPhone port due before the end of January and its PC version already available ( alongside user - created puzzle swapping ) , you 'll likely be hearing much more about Lazy 8 's game soon .
Enviro - Bear 2000 • PC , iPhone • Justin Smith • www
Nominated for : Nuovo Award
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Yes !
And on your iPhone , too !
Enviro - Bear 's one of those jokes that never seems to get old , and takes on its own life once it 's told .
Built as a one - off competition entry based on ' cockpit ' games , Justin Smith 's managed to notch up its knee - slap premise — bears can't drive cars ! — by utilizing a real - ish physics model that makes its ever - increasing cockpit chaos that much more manic .
There is , quite simply , no better simulator of high pressure , unskilled driving ( bar maybe attempting Grand Theft Auto IV 's drunk driving while actually drunk yourself ) , especially when each consecutive collision brings a heavy rain of branches , bees and rabid badgers that all have to be dealt with via your one non-steering hand .
Heroes of Newerth • PC , Mac , Linux • S2 Games • www
Nominated for : Technical Excellence
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Currently only in closed beta .
Heroes of Newerth might be somewhat of an odd - man - out on this list , with a sizable and long - standing team behind it ( the same as behind strategy / shooter / RPG series Savage ) and one of the most traditional designs in the competition , a ' Defense of the Ancients ' - alike inspired by the original Warcraft mod .
But judged on technical merits , it 's hard to argue that S2's engine ( and overlaid art direction ) is n't half a step away from some of Blizzard 's own tech that would eventually inspire the studio .
Joe Danger • TBA • Hello Games • www
Nominated for : Seumas McNally Grand Prize , Technical Excellence
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Not yet .
I 've only just recently mentioned Hello Games ( a team of ex-Criterion and - Kuju devs gone indie ) and their sudden burst appearance onto the scene , and now their debut toy - like stunt racer Joe Danger has done a high - jump trick that 's landed it as one of the year 's top grand prize finalists .
Just as LittleBigPlanet is able to re-interpret nostalgia through gorgeously rendered modern tech , Joe Danger is the Excitebike we saw in our minds as we wound our way through its 8 - bit paths , only now made ' flesh ' and with a hyper - driven focus on physics - enhanced stylized stunts , and a world you can feel Hello's love poured into in every smiley - face mesa jutting into its deep blue sky .
Limbo • TBA • PLAYDEAD • www
Nominated for : Excellence in Visual Art , Technical Excellence
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Not yet .
Limbo is one of IGF 2010 's biggest surprises , both for having fallen completely off the map for over three years ( it was originally featured here on BB in early October , 2006 ) , and for re-emerging with one of this year 's best - realized atmospheric treats .
Despite the time between there and here , it still offers pretty much exactly what you wanted it to from that first video teaser above : a warmly and softly lit monochromatic world that stands in surprisingly harsh opposition to the cold realities that await your young adventurer within ( that bit with the terrifying tree - monster in the video ?
That does n't end so well on your first encounter ) , and a series of delightfully modeled physics - based challenges that give that world real weight .
Miegakure • PC • Marc ten Bosch • www
Nominated for : Excellence in Design
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Not yet .
It 's hard to count how many minds Marc ten Bosch has blown thus far since he first revealed Miegakure at the 2009 Game Developer Conference , and it 's incredibly disappointing that this is one of the few of the list that still has n't had an official ( or any , so far as I can tell ) video release .
Because I can't really explain to you how Miegakure works , and that 's why it might be the most frightening game in the IGF this year .
I 've spent a good amount of time wandering through its zen - like cube - gardens , I 've made peace with its placeholder characters lifted cutely from Mother 3 , but every time I press the ' B ' button , the game instantly reminds me that it 's infinitely smarter than I am and that it 's hopeless to try and out - think it .
Because Miegakure , so claims ten Bosch , is the world 's first fourth - dimension game , and I think it 's quite rational that my mind has n't been properly mapped to deal with that extra one on top .
Can it be as commercially viable as Jon Blow 's Braid , which taught us to map out and manipulate time as well as space , when Miegakure 's extra space is an invisible dimension linking parallel worlds ?
Where a fourth - dimensional object is capable of casting a three dimensional shadow ?
This all deserves much more investigation , but it should be clear why the game ended up on the list .
Monaco • TBA • Pocketwatch Games • www
Nominated for : Seumas McNally Grand Prize , Excellence in Design
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Not yet .
One of the most effortlessly clever games in the running this year , Monaco 's a tough game to get across in images or video , but makes perfect sense once you 're in the game itself .
In essence , it 's a classic ' heist ' game of sneaking through shadows , lifting valuables , and disabling security systems — not so far , really , from your average game of Thief — but all displayed from a pure 2D top - down view that not only gives you a better view of your surroundings , but obscures those surroundings through a tile - based line - of - sight mechanic .
That means , unless you 've tapped into an area 's security systems , that you have even less of an idea where guards are roaming than you did in Metal Gear , unless you 've got a line - of - sight through an exterior window .
More importantly , though , Monaco 's best as a multiplayer game , with balanced strengths for each of four different catburglars : one 's got the chloroform to knock out the guards , one 's the electronics expert , the other 's the lockpick , and they all work together to cleanly ransack each of the areas .
Monaco feels like a classic tabletop game with arcane rules put perfectly to real - time in a complex but instantly legible way .
Owlboy • Xbox 360 , PC • D - Pad Studio • www
Nominated for : Excellence in Visual Art
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Not yet .
Long in stop - start development for Xbox Live 's Indie Games Channel and PC , Owlboy is the best late - generation Genesis game we never got , with some of the most gorgeous pixel - work that 's cropped up in the past several years .
For as nostalgic as its 16 - bit - era 2D gameplay is , as well , it 's play flipped 90 degrees : a platformer — as you 'd want from a game of young birds — gone almost entirely vertical through a world of floating clockwork islands .
The hope here is that IGF recognition will help revitalize the team to make that final push to get the game into our hands .
Rocketbirds : Revolution ! • Web , PC , Mac • Ratloop Asia • www
Nominated for : Seumas McNally Grand Prize , Excellence in Visual Art , Excellence in Audio
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Yes !
One of the very first IGF entrants to catch my eye back in November , Ratloop 's all - Flash / all - chicken take on rotoscoped classics like Flashback and Out Of This World / Another World is both as gorgeous and darkly and comically militaristic as it appears above , and another fantastic example of updating classic design in freshly modern clothing .
Shank • TBA • Klei Entertainment • www
Nominated for : Excellence in Visual Art
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Not yet .
Unfortunately one of the only finalists that required hardware that put it out of my grasp , Shank 's visual art nomination is self explanatory from simply watching any given video like the one above .
Indie dev Klei has always had a handle on broadcast - quality animation ( see : their early Xbox Live Arcade puzzler Eets , or their still - unpublished arena battler Sugar Rush , but Shank raises the bar considerably with a game that 's as gorgeously rendered as it is unapologetically brutal .
Shatter • PlayStation 3 • Sidhe • www
Nominated for : Excellence in Audio
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Yes !
You might remember the name Sidhe from their work on early PSP and later Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 ports of the excellent puzzle - racer GripShift , and Shatter continues their fine line of updated classic play with the shooter / Breakout / Arkanoid mashup Shatter .
Of particular note here , as the IGF judges have recognized , is its original score by New Zealand synth / ambient artist Jeramiah ' Module ' Ross , all of which you can sample ( and name - your - cost download ) via Sidhe 's bandcamp page .
Star Guard • PC , Mac • Vacuum Flowers • www
Nominated for : Excellence in Design
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Yes !
The most obviously retro-inspired game of the finalist lot , Star Guard 's sparse and stark pixel - work is anything but a crutch to coat warm nostalgia over reedy mechanics .
Quite the opposite , in fact : Loren ' Vacuum Flowers '
Schmidt 's tautly designed game is a reboot to a time when speed - and perfect - runs were the norm , something it reinforces and rewards at every level - complete .
It might be kind enough to allow beginners to power their way through to the end , but it never stops reminding you that you could 've played that section much better than you just did .
Super Meat Boy • PC , Wii • Team Meat • www
Nominated for : Seumas McNally Grand Prize , Excellence in Audio
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Only in its early Flash form .
Team Meat 's upcoming all - singing / all - dancing / all - indie - all - star WiiWare and PC revamp of their Flash original should be a familiar face to regular readers , and its pleasantly familiar but wickedly strict platforming was able to quickly push it to the top of the IGF grand prize heap , proving that you do n't necessarily need to do something entirely new , if you can do your take on classic play this well .
The same goes for the game 's soundtrack as well , as Danny ' dbSoundworks '
Baranowsky drops another round of tracks as instantly memorable as his Canabalt score , running the sick visceral squish of the Meat Boy 's slippery steps himself .
Today I Die • Web • Daniel Benmergui • www
Nominated for : Nuovo Award
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Yes !
Daniel Benmergui has set himself apart from the start in exploring the root language and storytelling ability interactivity with his early experiments Storyteller and I Wish I Were The Moon , so its probably little surprise that his followup Today I Die would be even more explicitly about language itself .
A dark poem that branches and progresses as you play with the very words that tell the story , there 's no one else doing what Benmergui did with Today , at least not in this focused and powerful a way .
Trauma • Web • Krystian Majewski • www
Nominated for : Seumas McNally Grand Prize , Excellence in Visual Art , Excellence in Audio
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Not yet .
The biggest left - field surprise of this year 's IGF , few had heard of Krystian Majewski 's point and click adventure going into the festival , and yet it sits next to Closure and Rocketbirds in picking up the highest number of nominations , including the grand prize itself .
And that 's not by accident : Trauma is a strange and affecting adventure by nature of its subject matter — as you explore the surreal and scattered memories of a hospitalized girl , post - trauma — and the way you interact with her world .
Like Microsoft's Photosynth tech , Trauma 's environments are pieced together with real - world photographs that reveal their subjects from different angles and allow you to push yourself deeper into them , in a way that essentially only Sherlock Holmes web - game 221b has explored before , and will hopefully inspire many more to do so now .
Tuning • PC • Cactus • www
Nominated for : Nuovo Award
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Not yet .
Jonatan ' Cactus ' Söderström 's Tuning , as I recently mentioned here , has been causing a consistent stir from its reveal at my Austin GDC session through to its
Indiecade award a month later to now , where its mindfuck - platforming has won it a nomination for the IGF 's Nuovo Award .
Probably the most curiously accessible of all of Cactus 's games — curious because it's also probably the most aggressively cruel to the senses —
Tuning 's jump - a - ball - from - point - A - to - point - B premise would be desperately underwhelming if he did n't bathe your brain in psychoactives the entire time .
Vessel • TBA • Strange Loop • www
Nominated for : Technical Excellence
Can I Play It Right Now ?
Not yet .
And then along came Vessel , the game that would try to wrestle the fluid - dynamics crown away from the recently released PlayStation 3 PixelJunk Shooter by basing the entirety of its platforming and puzzling around its liquid physics .
Apart from simply sloshing and jostling your fluids to operate machinery and move you from one room to another , the game 's cutest trick is in raising — and learning to control and cope with — liquid golems , who help you reach otherwise inaccessible parts of each level .
Federal safety regulators investigating the crash of a Toyota Prius in suburban New York said Thursday that the car ’s computer showed no evidence of braking by the driver at the time of the crash .
The driver told police she had been unable to stop the car from speeding and crashing into a stone wall .
The computer indicated that the car ’s throttle was “ fully open , ” according to a statement from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , which sent investigators to examine the car along with Toyota engineers .
The finding raises the possibility that the car , a 2005 Prius , accelerated because the driver , a 56 - year - old housekeeper whose name has not been released , mistakenly pressed the accelerator instead of the brake .
The driver was leaving her employer ’s driveway in Harrison , N.Y. , when the car sped up , crossed a street and hit a wall .
HUGH LAURIE
Left :
You are a dedicated father who , with your wife , has just sat down to dinner with your 15 - year - old daughter , who is defiantly announcing that she ’s pregnant .
Center :
You are a fashion designer on the morning of your big runway show , realizing that nothing in the collection is ready or fabulous .
Right :
You are a blustering , pompous member of the British Parliament , giving a speech that is being broadcast on the BBC , and you ’re thrilled at the sound of your own voice .
Apple is planning to leverage its work in transforming Mac OS X to work on other devices — most specifically the iPhone — to power " new platforms , " according to a recent job posting .
Those platforms will also be powered by " custom silicon , " like Apple 's A4 processor that powers the iPad .
As first discovered by Computerworld , Apple is looking for a full - time engineering manager to oversee " platform bring - up , " with the Core Platform team , part of Apple 's Core OS group .
Such a manager would be responsible for low - level architecture , hardware drivers , firmware , and platform security for iPhone OS on " a range of hardware platforms , including iPhone & iPod . "
The manager will also coordinate the software team with hardware and custom silicon teams in developing and prototyping new platforms .
Candidates for the position are expected to have experience with kernel , driver , and firmware development for Unix - based systems as well as an understanding of system - on - a - chip design .
Experience with ARM - based SoC's is preferred , of course — that 's the platform currently used in the iPhone , iPod touch , and iPad , as well as Apple 's Time Capsule base station ( among others ) .
TiPB suggests that Apple should massage iPhone OS to power a future revision of the Apple TV — though it already runs an OS X derivative , so perhaps they are merely suggesting making the UI more iPhone - like and capable of multitouch input .
( We still prefer using the Remote iPhone app , however ) .
It would be nice , though , if Apple offered Apple TV apps that let users access other online content like Netflix or Hulu .
Computerworld also speculates that Apple may move its custom chips and iPhone OS upward to products like a future MacBook Air , Mac mini , or even a lower - power , ARM - based server .
Regardless of what specific products result from the effort , it only makes sense for Apple to leverage the architecture as widely as possible given the investment the company has made in developing Mac OS X and iPhone OS .
When Steve Jobs revealed that Apple was moving to x86 processors after years of using PowerPC , he said that OS X was always intended to be " platform independent . "
The company in charge of a California project to extract vast amounts of renewable energy from deep , hot bedrock has removed its drill rig and informed federal officials that the government project will be abandoned .
The project by the company , AltaRock Energy , was the Obama administration ’s first major test of geothermal energy as a significant alternative to fossil fuels and the project was being financed with federal Department of Energy money at a site about 100 miles north of San Francisco called the Geysers .
But on Friday , the Energy Department said that AltaRock had given notice this week that “ it will not be continuing work at the Geysers ” as part of the agency ’s geothermal development program .
The project ’s apparent collapse comes a day after Swiss government officials permanently shut down a similar project in Basel , because of the damaging earthquakes it produced in 2006 and 2007 .
Taken together , the two setbacks could change the direction of the Obama administration ’s geothermal program , which had raised hopes that the earth ’s bedrock could be quickly tapped as a clean and almost limitless energy source .
The next winner of the Snowman Hunting Contest is Jande R , of Eccentric Orbits !
She drew up a comic - style snowman hunt , featuring Edmund himself in a cameo role .
Per Jande :
The female character is Rowan , one of two xeno - archeologists from our “ Alien Artifacts ” storylines .
Her comic site is currently under construction , but you can click the pic to take a peek .
Thanks , Jande !
The third and final winner , along with all the other great entries , will be rolled out with Friday ’s comic .
Sixty is n’t the new 40 .
“ That ’s an outright lie , ” Dr. Lynn said .
“ What is true is 60 is the new 60 . ”
Admitting that appearance matters can be painful for women who feel “ slightly insulted by the fact , ” Dr. Diller said .
Was n’t feminism supposed to make promotions and ceiling - shattering the attention getters , not a taut brow ?
The book ’s most intriguing stories come from patients who are surprised to find themselves mourning their sags and veiny legs .
Katherine , who did not use her real name in the book , is a 53 - year - old science researcher and mother of three who considered herself in the “ More Important Things to Worry About ” camp .
But when she nixed a beach getaway with her husband because she did n’t feel comfortable in any swimsuit , she was troubled by how much she cared .
Belatedly , she came to recognize that her family may have taught her that caring about appearance is superficial , but that she could be a woman of substance who happened to use a retinoid at night or visit a spa on occasion .
Image UP FRONT Dr. Vivian Diller , left , and Dr. Jill Muir - Sukenick are trying to help women better accept themselves and the aging process .
Credit ... Joshua Bright for The New York Times
This can - do age of aesthetics is particularly stressful because the playing field is no longer equal .
A baby boomer is pressured to choose whether her brow will be au naturel or smooth during her later years — a decision her mother did not face .
Ann Kearney - Cooke , 54 , an expert in body image in Cincinnati , said the message those grandmothers heard as their looks went was insulting : “ You ’re not going to be pumping out babies anymore — you ’re not as much use to society . ”
But at the very least , the sight of peers with just as many wrinkles was a comfort .
They could think we are “ all in the same boat , ” said Dr. Kearney - Cooke , a psychologist .
The authors of “ Face It ” point out that today an odd morality creeps into our calculations of what we find acceptable .
Ridiculing too - obvious cosmetic surgery is now a great American pastime .
A post on Gawker asking why people still get plastic surgery recently garnered more than 400 comments , many sent by e-mail from high soapboxes .
We 've spent the past year building the core of the Phoenix Engine .
We 've added a lot of slick features like our off - the - grid optimized terrain with normal - mapped detail textures , direct lighting , ambient occlusion , realistic lens flares , volumetric haze , innovative plant shading and rendering techniques .
We 've also thrown in a complete editor suite to go with it .
Our integrated map editor , decal editor , sky editor , rigging editor and animation editor make modding a breeze .
Combat is coming soon .
Overgrowth takes place in the savage world of Lugaru where rabbits , wolves and other animals are forced to use paws , claws and medieval weaponry to engage each other in battle .
Overgrowth will be a seamless integration of brutal close quarters combat and fluid platforming .
Powered by our brand new Phoenix Engine , Overgrowth will have cutting edge graphics , brutal physics , realistic AI and intuitive combat controls that will immerse players and tap into their primal survival instincts .
Wolfire is an independent team of four guys , working non-stop to create the best ninja rabbit game possible : Overgrowth .
Instead of licensing someone else 's engine , we 've built our own from scratch , so that we can custom tailor every feature to support our innovative , combat - based gameplay .
Please click on the screenshots to scope out how it looks so far .
You can see more in - depth demonstrations of our technology on Wolfire 's YouTube channel .
NS2 screenshot
Natural Selection 2 is the follow - up to the most popular independent mod for Half - life which won Gamespy 's Mod of the Year .
It is a multiplayer first - person shooter with unique real - time strategy elements and is being developed on its own custom engine called Spark .
The game features truly unique sides ( Marines vs. Aliens ) , dynamic environments ( including alien " infestation " that grows and deforms environments during the course of the game ) and real - time strategy ( some players can choose to play from the top - down as Commanders ! ) .
Lighting in -editor
It will also be the most moddable game ever released and will include most of the game 's source code ( in Lua script ) along with all the programming and art tools we are using to build the game .
We expect the mod scene to explode and offer unlimited variations , mods and entirely new games .
We will also release many updates to keep the core game fresh with new maps , weapons and abilities .
Alpha environment
Unknown Worlds is a small company dedicated to bringing you the best games possible .
We are known for working closely with our community and like to release our tools as soon as they are ready for feedback .
We recently released our editor and environment art to all our pre-orderers and are looking forward to releasing our other tools and our alpha to you as well !
Your pre-order of Natural Selection 2 allows us to remain independent and able to release the best game possible .
We would not be here today without you and your support so we offer our deeply - felt thanks !
Here ’s the second half of the mono storyline !
It made it to the internet despite Tony swallowing his own head while Wes quietly grew leaves .
Are you looking for ways on how you can encourage your little one ’s development through play ? …
Top 30 Best Wooden Toy Cars Reviews 2020 Read More
At least that 's what The Time Magazine and their Bryan Walsh think or at least pretend to think and tell us .
Cross -country ski used as a vehicle : that 's why their ancestors were designed in the first place .
But does it ?
More precisely , are there any rational arguments justifying the unexpected conclusion ( and preconception ) of Walsh 's article ?
At the beginning , he tells us a lot about the conspiracies .
The politicians are trying to hide the lethal threat of global warming by hiding the global warming as the cause of the snowstorm in D.C. , Walsh asserts .
Walsh also says it 's unlikely for top - 10 storms to take place by chance in Washington D.C. as well as Philadelphia ( 200 km away , it 's almost like light years ) or even Baltimore ( 55 km away , that 's near the Hubble scale ) during the same winter .
He 's apparently completely unable to understand that these are just two parts of the same regional atmospheric phenomenon so their probabilities are not independent at all .
He quotes some meteorologists who claim that the snowstorm was really big - well , there exists an obvious threat in doing science in the ancient way , i.e. without numbers ( with numbers replaced by emotional words ) .
And we also hear some other old talking points : for example , the hurricanes are getting bigger , too .
But is there an argument why such a thing should be true ?
Well , there 's no argument but there 's surely something that the author considers to be an argument .
In the middle of the article , we read :
That 's in part because of global warming — hotter air can hold more moisture , so when a storm gathers it can unleash massive amounts of snow .
Colder air , by contrast , is drier ; if we were in a truly vicious cold snap , like the one that occurred over much of the East Coast during parts of January , we would be unlikely to see heavy snowfall .
But as far as winter storms go , should n't climate change make it too warm for snow to fall ?
Eventually that is likely to happen — but probably not for a while .
In the meantime , warmer air could be supercharged with moisture and , as long as the temperature remains below 32° F , it will result in blizzards rather than drenching winter rainstorms .
Ultimately , however , it 's a mistake to use any one storm — or even a season 's worth of storms — to disprove climate change ( or to prove it ; some environmentalists have wrongly tied the lack of snow in Vancouver , the site of the Winter Olympic Games , which begin this month , to global warming ) .
Well , that 's very entertaining .
While it 's true that hotter air can hold more moisture , the comment about " a truly vicious cold snap " negates the argument .
It disagrees with the weather records , too .
First , it negates the argument because it admits that a " truly vicious cold snap " existed even in 2010 .
Second , it tries to suggest that once upon a time , before the global warming began , there was nothing else than a " vicious cold snap " in D.C. in January and February .
That 's , of course , a complete nonsense .
Look at the climate profile of the U.S. capital .
The average daily high in January is 42 °F ( 6 °C ) and it is 47 °F ( 8 °C ) in February .
So it is surely not true that before the " catastrophic man- made global warming " began , the city was permanently suffering a " truly vicious cold snap " .
Climate models are mentioned as another argument intended to show that snowstorms - and hurricanes - get bigger .
Unfortunately , no reference is given so we can't look at this " argument " .
It 's clear that even most climate modelers disagree with this proposition - and if their models show such a thing , they must know that it is an artifact of their being inaccurate .
After all , if a hurricane is driven by the temperature differences , they should be reduced by AGW ( poles are warming faster ) , so there should be less storminess .
But ca n't we see that the argument is " fundamentally " absurd , anyway ?
The problem is that the air that carries snow can't ever become terribly hot .
There is some threshold near the freezing point that you simply can't exceed - otherwise the snow melts .
Walsh is manifestly aware of this fact showing that his basic statement is ludicrous .
So what does he say about this point ?
So with global warming , the temperature is getting hotter , as he claimed previously , but it must still remain below the freezing point .
Well , an average child would probably be able to figure out what 's wrong with this combination of assumptions .
If it is below the freezing point , it is not terribly hot , and consequently , the maximum amount of moisture in the air cannot be too high , either .
The bound for the maximum moisture is exactly equal to what it used to be when the world was colder but the global mean temperature was 0.6 °C lower than today .
The maximum moisture of the air in D.C. only depends on the temperature in D.C. , not on the global mean temperature , and Walsh 's incoherent stuttering about the Greenland can't change it .
A snowflake melts within minutes or seconds when the surrounding temperature is above the freezing point ( or a nearby threshold ) : you can't fool the laws of physics , not even " for a while " .
By the way , we have mentioned that the D.C. average daily mean temperatures are above the freezing point both in January in February .
( Yes , even in the absence of the daily mean in the table , it 's true because the average daily highs are more positive in degrees centigrade than the average daily lows are negative .
)
So an additional warming surely does mean fewer days when the temperature is below the freezing point - and fewer days when the temperature lies within any chosen interval of temperatures as long as the whole interval is below the freezing point .
That 's because the Gaussian curve decreases as you 're getting further from the center - but I am sure that the normal people are capable to see this obvious fact without any maths , too .
When you look at his article carefully , you will see that there are no valid arguments , and those that are presented as arguments are completely wrong .
So the proposition about " warming causing stronger snowing " is as wrong as you should have expected from the beginning .
Warming obviously means less snow precipitation .
I have estimated that a 1.5 °C warming in Prague would reduce snow roughly by 20 percent : such a change could occur in 100 years .
At the end , he realizes that no sane person is going to believe him , co he concedes that he had written just a pile of crap :
Note that it is surely a mistake to disprove " climate change " - but it is never such a mistake to prove it .
Although he concedes that it was a mistake for him to prove " climate change " using the snowstorm in D.C. , he only informs us about this mistake - which is actually relevant for the validity of his whole article - in parentheses while the opposite mistake is written as a main sentence .
Incidentally , Walsh mentions " environmentalists " who use the weather in Vancouver to support the AGW religion .
In an e-mail he sent me today in the morning , Alexander Ač was victoriously celebrating a rainy and relatively mild weather in Vancouver and called for the whole olympic games to be canceled and declared a victim of global warming , I kid you not .
;-)
Of course , he was n't interested in the basic Vancouver climate data showing that such conditions are pretty normal around Vancouver and that early February 2010 is just somewhat warmer than average - and still much cooler than years such as 1978 or 1998 .
Even the average daily low in Vancouver is above the freezing point - both in January and February .
In all months , in fact .
For some people , the obsession with the unscientific concepts of a global warming doomsday is much stronger an addiction than heroine or cocaine .
I am afraid that the only way to cure these people would be euthanasia - once done , they could be declared victims of the AGW ( the religion ) .
Of course , I do n't want this to happen to poor AA , but I surely do think that he is genuinely sick .
And that 's the memo .
I wo n’t ever win a humility contest .
I do n’t know if they have those , giving someone an award for being humble , probably defeats the purpose of humility .
If they do though , please do not bet on me , I wo n’t even get an honorable mention .
I struggle with ego .
I recently realized it was my ego not my discipline driving my decision to blog daily .
So I wrote about the 3 signs your ego is making your decisions and I prayed about it .
I prayed that God would help me not be so entitled .
That he would help me be humble .
That he would help me learn humility .
And then a tiny voice inside said , “ Do I have the freedom to teach you that in any way I deem best ? ”
I do n’t know if that was God .
There were no fireworks or tambourines , but I was convicted because I realized the answer was “ no . ”
I would prefer that God teaches me how to be humble through moments that are not humbling .
I want to learn humility but not in ways that are unpleasant at all .
I want to learn generosity but without that whole hassle of actually giving anyone anything .
I want growth without discomfort , but that ’s not how it works .
Growth is always uncomfortable .
So this morning I laughed with God .
And admitted my secret desires to him that were not so secret anyway .
I remembered Garth Brooks and his song about how some of God ’s greatest gifts are unanswered prayers .
I remembered that God does n’t answer prayer my way , he answers it his way which turns out is always better .
Intrade , the prediction market , provides a bullish indicator for Kentuckians anticipating a Rand Paul victory in the Republican primary election May 18 .
Most buy orders for a Rand Paul win are priced at 70 out of 100 .
No one is currently trying to sell Rand ’s contracts at any price .
In contrast , Trey Grayson ’s contracts have plummeted this week to 20 .
No one is currently trying to buy Grayson ’s contracts at any price .
Related posts :
William D. Cohan on Wall Street and Main Street .
One of the darkest days in the illustrious 141 - year history of Goldman Sachs was September 19 , 2008 , when investor confidence in Wall Street was at its nadir and Lloyd Blankfein , Goldman ’s chief executive , called John Mack , then the top man at Morgan Stanley .
Mack was struggling to keep Morgan Stanley afloat in the wake of the collapse of Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers , Merrill Lynch and American International Group .
Goldman could have been the next to fail if Morgan Stanley did not pull through .
“ You have to hang on , because I ’m 30 seconds behind you , ” Blankfein told Mack .
Two days later , the Federal Reserve allowed both Goldman and Morgan Stanley to become bank holding companies , ending an era on Wall Street but likely saving our banking system .
A story of insider trading , prosecutorial excess and one banker ’s ruined life .
As scary as those moments must have been for Blankfein and Goldman , they do n’t hold a candle to the abject fear that raced through the firm some 21 years earlier when , on the morning of Feb.
12 , 1987 , a United States marshal , Thomas Doonan , entered the Goldman building at 85 Broad Street in search of a senior partner , Robert Freeman .
Freeman , then 44 years old , was the head of Goldman ’s hugely important risk arbitrage department on the 29th floor .
On that cold February day , Freeman ’s assistant told her boss that Doonan was waiting for him in his small office , just off the trading floor .
When Freeman walked in , Doonan closed the door and pulled down the shades .
Doonan , who at first mispronounced Freeman ’s name , told him he was under arrest for insider trading and a breach of federal securities laws .
Goldman ’s risk arbitrage department — where the firm placed bets with its own capital on whether and when announced merger deals would actually happen — had become the firm ’s nerve center and one of its greatest source of profits .
Over time , it would evolve into Goldman ’s hugely successful proprietary trading effort .
The department had also produced several of Goldman ’s senior partners , including the legendary Gus Levy , who started it , and Robert Rubin , who ran it before eventually becoming Goldman ’s co-senior partner ( and then secretary of the Treasury ) .
Rubin had been Freeman ’s boss and mentor .
The arrest could very well have spelled big trouble for Rubin and Goldman as a whole , given the central role the arbitrage department played at the firm and the fact that Goldman was still a partnership where every partner ’s net worth was on the line on a daily basis .
A federal indictment of the firm — were it to happen — would have likely led quickly to its demise .
In shock and disbelief after hearing Doonan ’s words , Freeman opened the door to his office slightly and asked his secretary to call Larry Pedowitz , a lawyer at Wachtell Lipton whom Goldman had hired the previous November when Freeman ’s name first surfaced as someone the government was tracking .
( He had been mentioned in newspaper reports of the insider - trading arrests of the arbitrageur Ivan Boesky and two Drexel Burnham Lambert executives , Dennis Levine and Martin Siegel . )
Pedowitz , who had been a criminal prosecutor in the United States Attorney ’s Office in the Southern District of New York before joining Wachtell , asked Freeman to put Doonan on the phone .
“ Look , Bob Freeman ’s a very good guy , ” Pedowitz told Doonan .
“ Please do n’t handcuff him in the office . ”
Doonan obliged , and a humiliated — but uncuffed — Freeman was led across the trading floor to the elevators and then was taken down to Broad Street .
Once outside , he was handcuffed , put in a van , and taken to the federal courthouse in Foley Square to be arraigned .
When he got out of the van , Goldman ’s head of security , Jim Flick — a neighbor of Freeman ’s from Rye , N.Y. — threw a raincoat over Freeman ’s wrists and the assembled press snapped pictures of the Goldman partner heading into the courthouse .
He was photographed and fingerprinted .
His passport — which had to be retrieved from his home — was confiscated .
So frazzled was Freeman that when asked his social security number , he could not remember it .
His bail was set at $ 250,000 , and he was released to a life that would never be the same .
He went back to Goldman after his arraignment , this time to the 30th floor to meet with the management committee .
Freeman saw Rubin and told him , “ It ’s not true , Bob .
It ’s just not true .
I did n’t do this .
I ’m innocent of it . ”
All these years later , Freeman still remembers the moment as “ surreal ” and “ unbelievable ” but happening nonetheless .
“ One minute I am a person with an impeccable reputation and then I become something that was a complete lie , ” he told me recently .
“ All of a sudden , I ’m in this — I ’ve often made the analogy to Dorothy — tornado flying in the wind to the yellow brick road .
That ’s what it felt like .
It was so out of control .
Something was happening to me and I was sort of outside of myself observing . ”
The United States Attorney for the Southern District was a prosecutor with a flair for the limelight and political ambitions : Rudolph Giuliani .
On the basis of undocumented allegations from Martin Siegel ( who also fingered Richard Wigton and Timothy Tabor , two associates from his previous employer , Kidder Peabody ) .
Giuliani went after Freeman hard , first in a nasty , factually inaccurate complaint and then by coaxing an indictment out of a federal grand jury .
( Giuliani has since said that bringing the charges against the men so quickly and publicly was his biggest mistake as a prosecutor ;
The Times later editorialized that his actions were “ an excess that haunted his 1989 mayoral campaign . ” )
Freeman ’s saga comes to mind in the wake of the very public arrests last October of the hedge fund manager Raj Rajaratnam and his alleged co-conspirators on similar charges of insider trading .
While the six people arrested that October day — and another 15 who have been charged criminally or civilly since then — were innocent until proven guilty even a cursory reading of the supposed transcripts of the conversations that took place among them , leaves one breathless with their alleged audacity .
( Ten of the 21 have now pleaded guilty . )
In one alleged recording , Danielle Chiesi , a hedge - fund manager at Bear Stearns ( and then at JPMorganChase ) , was having a conversation with an unnamed co-conspirator about a pending restructuring of Advanced Micro Devices , a publicly - traded chip manufacturer .
After some supposed non-public information passed between them , Chiesi allegedly said : “ I swear to you in front of God .
You put me in jail if you talk … I ’m dead if this leaks .
I really am…and my career is over ” Innocent people rarely talk this way , although at her arraignment last December she and Rajaratnam pleaded not guilty .
Their trial is set to begin sometime this year .
At first blush , the contrast between the Rajaratnam case and Freeman ’s could not be starker .
This time around , the F.B.I. used informants and legal wiretapping to get what seems to be irrefutable evidence of wrongdoing before moving in for the arrests .
Only time will tell , of course , what happens to the other 14 defendants but seven guilty pleas is a good indication of where these cases might be heading .
But in 1986 , Rudy Giuliani had no such concrete evidence in hand when he went after Freeman , Wigton and Tabor .
They were arrested based solely on Siegel ’s representations , and before any documentary evidence had been examined .
Their actual trading records , subpoenaed after the arrests , in many cases showed trading precisely the opposite of what Siegel alleged .
After the initial drama — replete with television cameras staked out in front of Freeman ’s home — the case languished , leaving Freeman in judicial hell .
One by one , Siegel ’s specious charges against Freeman for trading on inside information were refuted as Pedowitz and Goldman ’s other lawyers scoured the firm ’s meticulous trading records for signs of wrongdoing .
Freeman voluntarily submitted to five lie - detector tests over two days and passed them all .
The original indictment against the three men was eventually dropped .
Yet Giuliani said a new indictment would be forthcoming in “ record time ” and that the original charges were just “ the tip of an iceberg . ”
Then the government vacated all charges against Wigton and Tabor , but not those against Freeman , even though they were similar to those Siegel had lodged against his former Kidder colleagues .
Giuliani ’s office kept peppering Freeman and Goldman with Siegel ’s new allegations , and each time the charges were refuted by Goldman ’s lawyers .
By this time , Siegel , who had only met Freeman once — in 1972 — had pleaded guilty to his own insider - trading charges and turned government informant .
( Siegel served two months in prison and was fined $ 10 million . )
While it was true that in the years before his arrest Freeman talked occasionally with Siegel other big - time dealmakers like Bruce Wasserstein about the announced deals they were working on , in this regard Freeman was no different than the scores of other arbitrageurs whose job it was to scrounge around in the market for scraps of information about deals that had been publicly announced .
The key to success was a willingness to make the calls in order to glean “ market color ” about previously announced mergers and acquisitions .
In those days , before the law required any material non-public information to be released to the market all at the same time , there was really no other way for “ arbs ” to do their jobs , which was to provide cash to selling shareholders — both large and small — who did n’t want to wait around to see if a deal would close .
The arbs ’ risk was in figuring out if a deal would really close , and when , and hence the value of any crumbs of information .
Freeman and Rubin could have just placed their bets and sat back and waited without making the calls .
But , like it or not , that was considered too passive , and not the Goldman way .
The old Will Rogers adage , “ It takes a lifetime to build a good reputation , but you can lose it in a minute ” has never been truer than in the case of Bob Freeman .
To be sure , trolling for information other investors did not have on announced deals by calling the bankers working on those deals was a funny business with few redeeming aspects , but it was also the state of the art at the time and was not against the law .
( As opposed to Siegel ’s admitted crime of taking money from Boesky in exchange for non-public information . )
Not surprisingly , Giuliani and his staff were heavily invested in Siegel ’s story , especially after so publicly arresting three men based upon Siegel ’s accusations .
The dropping of the charges against Wigton and Tabor surely ratcheted up the pressure on prosecutors to salvage the investment in Siegel by pinning something on Freeman .
And this is where one of the most the infamous lines in Wall Street history —
“ Your bunny has a good nose ” — comes in .
During the three months after Freeman was first mentioned as a person of interest and before he was arrested , Pedowitz investigated every nook and cranny of Goldman ’s arbitrage business , including interviewing Freeman and his fellow Goldman arbitrageur , Frank Brosens , about conversations they may have had with Siegel about pending deals .
One such pending deal , it turned out , was the acquisition of Beatrice Foods in 1986 by the Kohlberg , Kravis , Roberts , at the time the largest leveraged buyout ever .
At one point after K.K.R. ’s acquisition of Beatrice was announced — but before it had closed —
Freeman became concerned that the deal would be delayed , which would have cost Goldman millions of dollars ( and also would have cost Freeman personally too , since — with Goldman ’s permission — he had bet some of his own money that the deal would close . )
Freeman had bought for Goldman 1.4 million Beatrice shares plus call options — for a total investment of the then sizable sum of $ 66 million ( and above his $ 50 million limit ) .
For his own account , Freeman had bought 25,600 shares , worth $ 1.5 million .
Increasingly worried about the fate of the deal , Freeman called Henry Kravis at K.K.R. to see if he could get some insight into what was happening .
Kravis declined to share anything , and his abrupt tone worried Freeman even more .
The next morning , Freeman had one of his Goldman traders start selling the Beatrice stock .
The indefatigable Freeman then had a conversation with Bernie Bunny ” Lasker , known by all as Bunny , a former chairman of the New York Stock Exchange and a well - known Wall Street insider and arbitrageur .
Lasker told Freeman he had heard the deal might be in trouble , too .
Then , Freeman recalls , he called Siegel , who was advising K.K.R. on the Beatrice deal .
Freeman asked Siegel about any potential hiccups with it .
Siegel asked Freeman the source of his information about the deal possibly being in trouble , and Freeman told him about his brief conversation with Bunny Lasker .
That ’s when Siegel uttered : “ Your Bunny has a good nose . ”
Freeman then sold more of the Beatrice stock before trading in it was halted because K.K.R. announced it was lowering the cash portion of its bid for Beatrice , driving the stock price down .
Trading on these innuendoes and hunches , Freeman saved Goldman from losing $ 548,000 it otherwise would have lost .
( And saved himself from losing $ 93,000 . )
Siegel had never testified about the the phone call to Freeman , never reported it Giuliani and his team , and still says he has no recollection of the “ bunny ” line .
( While not proving anything illegal , the call was stronger evidence against Freeman than anything Siegel had told the prosecutors . )
Since Freeman had told Brosens about it , though , Brosens reported the conversation to the grand jury .
And that is how Giuliani became aware of this scrap of financial folklore .
For better or for worse , Brosens ’ grand jury testimony did in Freeman , his own colleague .
( Brosens , who gave that testimony under a grant of immunity , now runs Taconic Capital Partners , a multibillion - dollar hedge fund , and was Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ’s first choice to run the Treasury ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program . )
Even though the Beatrice deal was never part of the original indictment against Freeman , and even though there was no second indictment brought against him , on Aug. 18 , 1989 , he agreed to plead guilty to one count of mail fraud to make the matter go away .
In a letter to John Weinberg , then Goldman ’s senior partner , Freeman wrote that he decided to plead because the threat of a conviction by a jury and the potential huge financial penalties — there had been rumors he might face racketeering charges , with triple damages — and the ongoing strain on his wife and three children were “ too much to bear . ”
He added , “ I recognize that I should not have initiated any trading after Siegel confirmed the rumor that there was a problem with the Beatrice deal , and I am prepared to take full responsibility for what I did . ”
Pierre Laval , the federal judge in charge of Freeman ’s sentencing , received no shortage of missives pleading leniency .
Bob Rubin wrote that he believed Freeman “ conducted his business activities honestly and honorably ” and that he “ would unhesitatingly trust Bob ’s integrity in any future business or other activity that he undertook . ”
Rubin explained how he had spent much time with Freeman and his family during the ordeal .
“ I can tell you first hand what an extraordinarily traumatic time this has been for Bob and his family , ” Rubin wrote .
“ Bob ’s reputation was terribly damaged by the publicity that followed his arrest , and his family ’s sense of security and well - being was directly affected by the vast media attention that followed on the heals of the arrest .
The damage to Bob ’s reputation also effectively stopped him from practicing his profession . ”
Keith Meyers / The New York Times
In the end , Laval sentenced Freeman to a year in prison , with eight months suspended , and levied a $ 1 million fine , which Freeman paid with a check .
He served his four months in 1990 , at Saufley Federal Prison Camp , outside of Pensacola , Florida .
He was prisoner number 13691-054 .
The old Will Rogers adage , “ It takes a lifetime to build a good reputation , but you can lose it in a minute ” has never been truer than in the case of Bob Freeman .
Now 67 , Bob Freeman still lives in the same house in Rye with his wife , Margo , as he did on the day he was arrested .
His children have grown .
He plays golf when he can .
He is recovering from cancer .
He thinks a lot about what happened to him .
He has never really worked again .
He missed out on his chance for an even more senior position at Goldman Sachs and a windfall of hundreds of millions of dollars that other Goldman senior partners received when Goldman went public a decade ago .
But mostly he worries about the inexorable march of time , and whether he can ever get back what he lost so suddenly the moment Tom Doonan showed up in his office more than 23 years ago .
Whether Barack Obama is a one - term president — as Dick Cheney would have it — or gets a second term , the moment to consider pardons in this administration for those wronged by the judicial system is a ways off .
For Bob Freeman that moment cannot come soon enough .
why defining a .i. is harder than it looks
For nearly than half a century , the consensus on what makes a machine intelligent has eluded the computer science field , and it's not getting any easier with more time and new technology .
Illustration by Wade Acuff
Do you think that the concept of artificial intelligence is relatively new , emerging as computers grew in power , complexity and memory ?
Actually , the quest for creating a synthetic cognitive system began with the very first computers , huge machines that could n’t even touch the capabilities of today ’s lowest end netbooks .
In 1955 , Dartmouth computer scientist John McCarthy proposed to study whether it was possible to build a device that could learn , solve problems and improve its abilities .
As a feature at Silicon.com shows , the answer to this question still eludes us , due in no small part to the different ways in which computer scientists tried to define artificial intelligence .
And with no agreement on what intelligence actually entails , it seems that the AI of the future could be radically different from today ’s popular conceptions of what it should be when it ’s switched on .
There ’s a reason why I keep hammering away at the lack of consensus on what constitutes intelligence in the computer world .
Just like you ca n’t create software without knowing what it ’s actually supposed to do , you ca n’t fully create a system the end goal of which is open to debate .
Yes , technically you could build something and call it AI , but you ’re going to have plenty of people who will disagree with your conception of what an AI system actually entails .
Some of the experts quoted in the Silicon.com article make this massive problem in building intelligent computer agents extremely clear .
We ’ll start with Kevin Warwick , who is indeed a Singularitarian in case his constant experiments with turning himself into a cyborg to prepare himself for the future did n’t make that abundantly clear for some of those following his studies …
By 2050 we will have gone through the Singularity and it will either be intelligent machines actually dominant —
The Terminator scenario — or it will be cyborgs , upgraded humans .
I really , by 2050 , ca n’t see humans still being the dominant species .
I just cannot believe that the development of machine intelligence would have been so slow as to not bring that about .
With all due respect to Professor Warwick , one of these things is not like the other .
Cyborgs are not just a type of an intelligent machine .
They ’re humans .
They already exist and they ’re getting more and more advanced as the technology used to fuse flesh with machine steadily improves .
To me , personally , this kind of research is one of the most amazing and intellectually stimulating areas of computer science and I also feel that it ’s not a matter of if most people will become cyborgs but when .
However , that ’s not going to make our species just odd minorities in a technological world .
Biologically we ’ll be pretty much the same as we are today , evolving in the background as we always have .
Maybe being cyborgs could alter the way natural selection will work with us , but that ’s a hypothesis in the back of my mind rather than an actual theory .
The bottom line here is that we ca n’t just replace humans for cyborgs or AI and use the latter two interchangeably .
That ’s just wrong .
Oh , and speaking of being wrong , there ’s a doozy of a quote from the Singularity ’s top general , Ray Kurzwei .
Pick up any complex product and it was designed at least in part by intelligent computer - assisted design and assembled in robotic factories with inventory levels [ which are ] controlled by intelligent just - in - time inventory systems .
[ These ] algorithms automatically detect credit card fraud , diagnose electrocardiograms and blood cell images , fly and land airplanes , guide intelligent weapons and a lot more .
The reason why those algorithms are intelligent is because there are teams of people who write them .
If there were no intelligent humans telling the computer what to do , they would just sit there like bricks .
For example , I was recently working on a proof of concept for a kind of physics calculator .
It was given a module with all sorts of relevant formulas and ways to call these formulas .
What Ray is claiming here is that the program ’s ability to take a conceptual object with a certain amount of solar masses and calculate what would happen to it when it collapses into a black hole is the achievement of the application rather than the fact that I wrote detailed code which tells the computer how to actually do the calculations .
Pardon me if I ’m not willing to concede my efforts to the machine and neither is any programmer I know .
And with that let ’s move on to a quote on what capacity a fully fledged AI system should have from futurist and philosopher Nick Bostrom .
Depending on the assumptions you make you might think that the most powerful supercomputers today are just beginning to reach the lower end of the estimates for a human brain ’s processing power .
But it might be that they still have two , three orders of magnitude to go before we match the kind of computation power of the human brain .
There ’s a special respect we should give Bostrom because he really tried to give us some requirements for a system capable of both artificial intelligence and exceeding human knowledge and brainpower .
However the idea he had in mind simply does n’t work for reasons detailed in an older post .
As other experts in the article point out , processing power is meaningless because the important thing is not how fast our brain processes something , but the path it takes to turn that processes into something meaningful .
That ’s why IBM ’s big claim about simulating the brainpower of a cat falls flat on its face when we put it to the test and neuroscientists seem to be less than impressed , especially those trying to replicate an accurate picture of the brain .
Who cares how fast you can run through a set of commands ?
How will a computer be able to tackle a complex and nuanced problem in which many solutions can be correct ?
That ’s the big question .
Lets remember that most of our brainpower is used to automate tasks like walking , breathing , driving , reading and reflexes rather than solving complex , abstract problems .
That ’s an ability that would take much , much more than the right number of teraflops to match .
And there ’s a question whether this would even be possible to simulate without taking on the highly subjective and philosophically thorny issues like consciousness and its role in cognition …
By Doreen Walton
Science reporter , BBC News
The angel on the right of the wall painting has been partially cleaned with a laser
Physicists have applied the same laser techniques commonly used for tattoo removal to clean several famous works of art , including wall paintings .
Laser cleaning is well established for stone and metal artefacts already .
It has now been successfully applied to the wall paintings of the Sagrestia Vecchia and the Cappella del Manto in Santa Maria della Scala , Siena , Italy .
The results are described in the journal of the American Chemical Society .
A team led by Dr Salvatore Siano at the Applied Physics Institute - CNR in Florence , Italy , studied the results on several works of art .
Lorenzo Ghiberti's self portrait on the Gate of Paradise , during laser cleaning Among them are Lorenzo Ghiberti's gilded bronze panels Porta del Paradiso , or Gate of Paradise , and Donatello 's Renaissance bronze statue of David .
Dr Siano said the work on the Gate of Paradise was the most important so far .
" This was the first time a well recognised masterpiece was treated with laser cleaning , " he said .
The team says the technique is now having a significant impact in the field of cultural heritage conservation .
Wall paintings are the most recent application , and were a real test of the developing method , as Dr Siano explained : " This is a more delicate situation than metals or stone as the pigment is much more fragile . "
The researchers point out that laser cleaning of artworks began about a decade before the techniques became well known for removal of tattoos from skin or removal of paints in industrial applications .
Not micro-sandblasting
So why is laser cleaning preferable to traditional chemical or mechanical methods ?
Dr Siano said the absence of chemical agents makes the process more predictable .
" Using chemicals means using something that can react all the time , even after one or two years .
" And if you compare it with mechanical means , the laser is able to distinguish what must be removed in a way that is much more selective than traditional techniques . "
The difficulty is in choosing the right laser and sometimes , if it does n't exist , having to build it .
" When the laser does n't exist you design the laser , " said Dr Siano .
Roman treasure was subjected to an underwater laser cleaning test
The pulse frequency and duration have to be very precisely selected for each task .
" The pulse duration is really crucial because it determines the time for the localised heating .
Sometimes a long heating is harmful and sometimes a short heating is harmful , " explained Dr Siano .
It is crucial the laser is deployed in the right hands .
" A laser can be used for very fine cleaning with precise discrimination but it can also be used to destroy the layer .
" This is not just micro- sandblasting , " said Dr Siano , who also teaches the technique to students at the Restoration School of the Opificio delle Pietre Dure in Florence .
" If the restorer does n't have experience it 's better to avoid their intervention , " he warned .
Problems have had to be overcome .
Discoloration of stone and metal after laser cleaning slowed the spread of the technique .
The team says this has been addressed with a new generation laser and careful selection of the parameters set .
Underwater irradiation has been found to be very effective for archaeological silver which has developed a mineral shell .
" In water you can increase the effect of the laser ; it 's a kind of underwater micro-explosion or micro-fragmentation .
" It 's a very effective method .
If you use a scalpel you have no way of ensuring discrimination between the encrustation layer and the original surface underneath . "
Dr Siano 's team has not yet tested the method on any easel paintings but it is something he is thinking about .
" We need more observation and more insight before starting on anything , for example , by Botticelli .
" But maybe they do n't need any cleaning anyway , " he quickly corrected himself .
Despite their successes , the team clearly do not want to imply any of the masterpieces are in particular need of the laser 's attention .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" Why everything you 've been told about evolution is wrong , " bellows the headline in today 's Guardian .
Well rest easy , my anxious science fans , it 's not .
Assuming everything you 've been told about evolution has come from people who understand it , the less appealing headline should read , " as you were , you clever people " .
Alas , in his feature , Oliver Burkeman has given , in my view , an insufficiently critical airing to some specious arguments put forward in a new book entitled What Darwin got Wrong .
Authors Jerry Fodor and Massimo Piattelli -Palmarini are not evolutionary biologists , and have attempted to scrutinise evolutionary theory whilst simultaneously misrepresenting it .
Of course , there are plenty of things that Darwin got wrong .
That is the nature of science , and indeed good scientists love to be wrong .
It means that the theory will subsequently be refined to be more right .
Darwin knew , as does every subsequent evolutionary biologist , that natural selection is the major , but not the only contributing factor to evolution .
Fodor and Piattelli -Palmarini seem oblivious to this .
They base their whole argument on either misunderstanding what real evolutionary biologists think , or by simply ignoring it .
They describe processes in evolution that are easy to understand and are part of evolutionary theory , and quote them as a means to knock down that exact same theory .
Repeating and enhancing these brainwrongs so elegantly , as Burkeman does , simply makes matters worse .
Take epigenetics – the idea that modifications to the structure of DNA changes its behaviour .
As Burkeman points out , this is a new field , and its impact on biology has not yet been fully realised .
However , nothing about it suggests that it does n't fit within the existing framework of evolutionary theory .
Burkeman cites a study ( from my own alma mater ) of Swedish boys whose lifespan was affected by the behaviour of their grandfathers .
Although new for paternal inheritance , the paper itself describes the phenomenon as " well recognised " .
A metastudy of this " transgenerational " effect across many species concludes that the effect is universal .
As ever , evolutionary theory needs refining , but does not need a revolutionary assault .
There are too many things wrong with Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini 's arguments to go into here , so for a detailed analysis I refer you to a thorough demolition in the Boston Review ( warning , contains real science ) .
The Guardian is making the same needless error that New Scientist , an otherwise fine publication , made in their issue celebrating the 200th anniversary of Darwin 's birth last year .
Their cover declared that " Darwin was Wrong " .
The article describes lateral gene transfer – something that was not included in The Origin of Species , but really does not obscure the truth of evolutionary theory at all .
They were good enough to publish a letter from Richard Dawkins and several leading evolutionary scientists pointing out its folly .
The wrongness of the book itself is relatively inconsequential .
There are plenty of wrong books out there , many much more damaging than this .
What saddens me is the coverage gifted to it .
In the many public lectures that I gave and attended over the Darwin anniversary year , on seven separate occasions , audience members used the New Scientist " Darwin was Wrong " cover line to attack evolution , without referring to the nuances of the article .
Headlines matter .
" Nobody wants to provide ammunition to the proponents of creationism , " says Burkeman .
But he is doing just that .
Unfortunately now , many people will again assert that evolution is wrong , but very few will understand that the fact that 8 % of our own genome is derived from viruses enhances evolutionary theory , rather than subverts it , as Burkeman suggests .
As a newspaper , the Guardian 's record on science is second to none .
This is not a personal attack on Oliver Burkeman , who is an outstanding writer .
Nor is this an attempt to further the specious argument that science journalists need to have been scientists to understand the complexities inherent in science .
I certainly do n't subscribe to that , and win this argument in perpetuity with two words that Guardian science fans will know well : " Tim " and " Radford " .
But without fully understanding the issues at hand , it is easy to fall into the trap of regurgitating self - serving controversies .
" To an outsider " says Burkeman " this is mind - blowing " .
Unfortunately though , to the knowledgeable , it is a disappointing combination of at best misleading distortion , and at worst plain wrongheadedness .
Now we have to clean up the mess .
• This article was amended at 16:49 on 19 March 2010 .
The Boston Review article linked to is by Ned Block and Philip Kitcher , not Jerry Coyne .
This has been corrected
You may want to crash these parties too
Stadler baut Züge , die auf der ganzen
Welt unterwegs sind .
Wir knüpfen enge Kundenkontakte und stellen damit die Weichen für langfristige Kundenbeziehungen .
Globale Kundennähe heisst für uns :
Wir hören zu , wir fragen nach , wir liefern – auf allen Kontinenten .
Keeping yourself on task can be difficult with so many distractions available .
From the internet , to colleagues , to music , to just about anything - it seems everything around you is doing its best to keep you from your work .
This becomes a real problem with deadlines looming over your head .
Can you manage to get that function rewritten in time ?
How much time do you have left for lunch ( that same lunch being spent compiling code ) ?
Or what about knowing precisely how much time you have spent on a billable project for that client that demands to know to the exact second ?
For these time - sensitive tasks , there are plenty of tools to employ to track your time .
One of those tools ( GnoTime ) takes keep track of time to new levels .
Not only does GnoTime keep track of your time worked , it also allows you to keep journals of your activities as well as generate reports and invoices based on your time worked .
GnoTime is simple to use and can help you work and invoice more efficiently .
In this article you will learn how to install and use GnoTime in order to more effectively bill your clients for your work .
Installation
Installing GnoTime is simple .
Most likely you will find this tool in your distributions ' standard repositories , so you can install with a command similar to :
sudo apt - get install gnotime
Depending upon your setup , there may be some dependencies to install in order for GnoTime installation to succeed .
You can also fire up Synaptic or gpackagekit , search for " gnotime " ( no quotes ) , and install from there .
Once you have the tool installed you will find it located in the Office sub -menu of your Applications menu .
Using GnoTime
When you fire up GnoTime it might seem like there is little to the tool .
Do n't be fooled .
Under that simple interface ( see Figure 1 ) there is plenty to offer .
Figure 1 shows a currently timed task running ( Timing the writing of this article to be exact ) .
Before I walk you through the process of setting up and starting a timed task , let 's take a look at the configuration of GnoTime .
The first thing you want to do is click on the Settings menu and select Preferences .
When this new window opens ( see Figure 2 ) you will notice a number of tabs for configuration .
You can walk through the various tabs and see what configuration options best suit your needs .
What you may notice is the lack of configuration options for invoicing .
There is a reason for that .
The creators of GnoTime were wise enough to realize that different projects would come with different price tags .
To illustrate pricing and invoicing , I will walk you through setting up a task .
The first step is to click on the New button to begin setting up a task .
A small window will open asking you to give the task a name and a description .
Enter the necessary information and click OK .
When you okay the name of the task you will be returned to the main window , where your new task will be listed .
You will notice the status of the new task is labeled as " Not Started " .
You will need to configure a few details before you start your task .
Right click the new task listing and select Properties from the menu .
In this new window ( see Figure 3 ) you will want to go through and fill out all of the pertinent information for this task .
In particular you will want to pay attention to the Rates tab .
This is where you configure your various rates for your project .
Without these configurations , the invoice feature will be worthless .
Configure the rates according to the project at hand .
Once you have everything just right for this task , click OK to save and dismiss this window .
Let 's see how this works out with the invoicing now .
To show an invoice select the project and then go to the Reports menu and select Invoice .
When the invoice window opens ( see Figure 4 ) you can then save the invoice to your hard drive and then view the directory in a web browser for printing .
As you can see there are other options available .
Of these options , Publish is not quite functional .
When you click Publish you will be met with a few possibilities - of which none are viable options yet .
The developers are working on getting the publish options working , but for now just click the Save button , view the invoice in a web browser , and print the invoice from there .
Final thoughts
If you are looking for a time - tracking / billing solution for your consultation work ( or any other work ) , you need look no further than GnoTime .
Although there are features that are yet to be 100 % implemented , the tool is still very useful .
Summary Article Name Keep track of your consulting times and invoicing with GnoTime Description
In this article you will learn how to install and use GnoTime in order to more effectively bill your clients for your work .
Author Jack Wallen Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo
Advertisement
Photographer Kjartan Pétur Sigurðsson of Iceland just uploaded two new videos of flying a Light Sport Aircraft in China .
The first video shows the assembly of a Ramphos Trike aircraft and the initial test flight .
I can only imagine the surprise of the locals as it took off from a road and began flying overhead .
The second video shows video shot from the Ramphos as it flew in the vicinity of a major river .
The scenery is fun to watch and the background music is relaxing harp music with some type of wind instrument ( perhaps a flute ) ?
If you know what instrument is used , please post a note in the comments below .
After watching , you ’ll probably want to visit China or purchase your own Ramphos Trike !
Regarding the former , I visited China 2 years ago and found it fascinating .
I imagine that General Aviation will take off there is a big way during this decade .
Here ’s hoping we see more aerial videos from China in the future .
UPDATE : One reader wrote " I 've been flying China for a few years and my son is a musician .
The instrument does sound a bit like a flute but I believe it is an ehru .
It is a stringed instrument that is hard to explain . "
Here 's information on the erhu .
Cárteles sustituyen al Estado con créditos , apoyos y seguridad para los productores
[ email protected ]
El Tribunal Superior Agrario advirtió que la delincuencia organizada se está apoderando del campo , y no existe una política de Estado para apoyar al sector como tema de seguridad nacional .
Su presidente , Ricardo García Villalobos Gálvez , dijo que narcotraficantes se han convertido en los principales financiadores de extensas zonas rurales , a las que dota de semillas — principalmente de mariguana y amapola — , de seguridad y hasta de armas , y que en los hechos han suplido la falta de créditos .
Por esta situación , en alrededor de 30 % de los terrenos del campo mexicano conviven cultivos de productos legales con plantíos de mariguana y amapola , aseguró el magistrado en la inauguración de un seminario organizado por la Barra Mexicana Colegio de Abogados .
Los narcotraficantes entregan la semilla de las plantas ilícitas , y muchas veces esto facilita que los campesinos puedan adquirir otro tipo de semillas para otro tipo de productos ; “ por eso digo que no hay cultivos puramente de mariguana o de amapola , siempre están entreverados ” .
El presidente del máximo tribunal agrario dijo que la delincuencia organizada se está apoderando del campo , a lo que hay que agregar la creciente dependencia alimentaria con respecto al extranjero , lo que hace necesario que el gobierno atienda el tema del campo como un asunto de seguridad nacional .
Como parte de su ponencia , afirmó que en este entorno genera inconformidad conocer que funcionarios como el secretario de Agricultura , Francisco Javier Mayorga , y sus familiares , han sido beneficiados con apoyos de Procampo .
Agregó que ni administraciones priístas ni panistas han reactivado el campo , e incluso cuestionó que el ex presidente Vicente Fox haya presumido de ser ranchero y no haya detonado su crecimiento .
En el caso del presidente Calderón , dijo : “ Viene de Michoacán y tampoco se entiende que no haya ayudado al campo ” .
Panic time .
Final exams were coming , but I still could not afford the textbook for Botany 100 .
I was bagging groceries to pay college tuition and thought I could navigate freshman year just by being attentive in class .
With nothing to cram from , I made my way to the library .
But finding no botany texts in the stacks , I checked out the autobiography of Gregor Mendel , the “ father ” of genetics , whose field had been the major emphasis of Dr. Baker , my instructor .
So while my classmates were poring over the graphs and study questions in the textbook , I lay on my bed , reading about Mendel ’s childhood illnesses , his interest in plants , and his stream of consciousness musings .
When I finally got to Mendel ’s experiments growing green peas , I was pretty into it , having accompanied him on his “ journey ” since Day 1 .
“ You received a perfect score on the genetics section , ” said Dr. Baker .
“ That ’s never happened . ”
I was no science genius .
The D earned later in zoology confirmed that fact .
But acing the test made me wonder :
Were textbooks necessary ?
Could students succeed while saving money , using free resources from the library , or from life ?
I revisited that question after landing a teaching job at a Chicago public high school .
My third year , we had a teachers strike ; in my eighth , the city textbook fund went broke , so I was left to improvise for my 128 pupils in freshman English .
For literature and vocabulary , we harvested readings from free trial subscriptions to Scholastic Magazine .
For grammar and writing , I composed my own work sheets , drills , and sample essays for distribution .
Initially , it was a ton of work .
But there was a side benefit : Students were more attentive to the up - to - date stories and screenplays in the magazine .
And they liked my “ customized ” usage exercises even better : Tyrone ( laid , lay ) in front of the TV , watching Walter Peyton beat the Washington Redskins .
I reflected on all of this last week , when my college writing students said the bookstore was charging a whopping $ 72 for our text .
Delia , who is a sophomore , sought to reassure me that English was among the bargains on her book list , which included texts for Psychology 2012 , $ 95 ; Art 1201 , $ 106.75 ; and Biology 1005 , $ 200.50 .
How can this be , when the bestselling hardcovers average only $ 25 at Amazon.com or Barnes & Noble ?
A US Government Accounting Office report shows that textbook prices rose 40 percent between 2002 and 2007 , and 186 percent between 1986 and 2004 , so that a college student ’s annual book bill averages $ 900 !
Publishers claim sky - high prices are necessary to offset losses from used - book businesses that recirculate titles , killing sales of new books .
So publishing reps compete for their piece of the multibillion - dollar pie , throwing book release parties with refreshments and gifts for faculty , including free examination copies .
Additionally , they lure professors to tweak and rewrite new editions each year , to render obsolete the slightly used copies and create new demand .
The cost of college textbooks has been the subject of legislative efforts in more than 30 states recently .
Solutions ?
A federal law to take effect in July requires advance disclosure of prices for faculty and students , and it will prohibit “ bundling ” texts with workbooks , CDs , and so on , unless requested .
( Six states have already passed similar measures . )
Unfortunately , the professors who have n’t been demanding price information in the first place , are the same who give little thought to assigning a $ 200 science book instead of a $ 35 alternative .
But a dramatic federal bill proposed by Sen. Dick Durbin ( D ) of Illinois would allow licensing of “ open college textbooks ” on the Internet for free use by everyone .
The trick is getting that one past conservative business interests and corporate publishing lobbyists , in a Senate that ’s no longer filibuster - proof .
Concerned faculty , however , need n’t leave students at the mercy of a gridlocked legislature .
I closely reviewed “ Elements of Argument , ” the $ 72 volume required for Composition II by our department .
The instructional material is little changed from the writing principles I ’ve been teaching for two decades with $ 20 college handbooks .
The only difference is in the readings , which comprise essays from periodicals on topics of interest in the past two or three years .
But these are essays my students can read on the college library Internet data bases , which they have already paid for !
So why not toss the textbooks altogether ?
After all , they are generally written by professors .
And any of us worth our chalk can present skills and concepts directly and more interestingly , while directing students to the latest literature downloadable for no extra charge , at their fingertips .
In disciplines other than my own , whether law , medicine or math , the best and latest literature is also available more readily online , than on Mom ’s credit card .
Since the dawn of the Internet age , many institutions have gone “ paperless , ” to save money , as well as the environment .
Perhaps it ’s time universities go “ textbookless , ” to free our students from the expensive tyranny of Bedford , Pearson , Prentice Hall , and Houghton Mifflin .
David McGrath , professor emeritus , College of DuPage , currently teaches at Edison State College in Fort Myers , and is author of “ The Territory . ”
7h00 du matin ... l'heure du réveil pour cette journée placée sous le signe de belles exclus concernant Alan Wake .
En effet , si dans quelques heures nous dévoilerons , en avant - première française , nos impressions sur Alan Wake suite à notre reportage chez Remedy en Finlande , découvrez d'ores et déjà une vidéo inédite .
Il s'agit ici de plus de 5 minutes de gameplay alternant entre séquences narratives et phases d'action face à la Dark Presence .
Savourez et à tout à l'heure pour nos premières impressions ...
I knew the man centered in my crosshairs well .
He was a sharply - dressed , insidious huckster who had earlier propositioned me to act against the sheriff of this one - horse shit - hole called Megaton .
But instead of turning against the lawman , I warned him .
I followed the sheriff back into that ramshackle gin joint , high on the shack - lined crater of the walled shantytown , and watched closely as he moved in to arrest the huckster .
By this point in Fallout 3 , I was already unsure about my character .
Earlier in the game , he was stained by my own impatience :
In a situation that was more nuanced than I understood , I mistook some of my fellow vault - dwellers for Bad Guys and gunned them down , appalling the childhood friend I thought I was rescuing .
I was desperate for some action and curious to see how the gunplay fit within the gameplay .
As a result , my character had become a brutal young monster .
What was for me a misunderstanding of the game 's moral dynamic was , for my character , a bloody crime .
This is why my characters usually end up being impossible for me to like :
My curiosity leads them into actions I can't condone .
But I kept on playing without loading a prior save , sucking up the consequences of that outburst and pressing on for the sake of fairness - or what I thought was fairness , anyway .
Things would be different in the outside world , I thought .
When I got out into the real game , where I could shoot up mutants and robots , where I could put my character 's interpersonal skills to use , I 'd play him as someone more heroic , someone with a dark past trying to make amends .
In my head , this character of mine became a nuanced anti-hero , struggling to do right in a nasty , unjust wasteland .
It did n't last .
Back in the Megaton saloon , I watched intently as the sleazebag turned himself in .
" Lead the way , " he said .
But something was amiss .
He was too slimy , too quick to surrender and too plainly murderous .
The next instant , the scene exploded into a fatal gun battle .
I slew that finely dressed sociopath with point - blank pistol blasts to the head ... but not before he gunned down the sheriff and shot off nearly every one of my hit points .
Now my character , wearing the very clothes and armor I 'd looted from that first rash shooting , was once again splattered with blood .
I am currently volunteering my IT services to various organizations and my graphics and web projects are free .
If you like my projects and wish to see them prosper more
Afghanistan 131 for 7 ( Noor Ali 42 , Coetzer 3 - 25 ) beat Scotland 117 for 9 ( McCallum 38 , Hassan 3 - 32 ) by 14 runs
Scorecard
The Afghanistan squad celebrate their victory over Scotland International Cricket Council
Afghanistan continued their seemingly inexorable march to the World Twenty20 with a 14 - run win over Scotland at Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi .
Noor Ali 's blistering 42 , when wickets were falling around him , provided the early impetus in Afghanistan 's 131 for 7 and Shapoor Zadran 's remarkable bowling - he conceded just eight runs in four overs - held Scotland at bay to ensure Afghanistan an all but certain passage into the Super Fours .
Scotland 's decision to field this morning appeared to have paid dividends when Gordon Drummond picked up Karim Sadiq and Shafiqullah in his first over , but Ali was unperturbed and crashed four fours and a six in his 42 .
With his partner striking the ball so cleanly , Mohammad Shahzad could afford to play a more sedate innings .
His 30 contained just a single boundary , but he rotated the strike well in the 71 - run partnership .
Kyle Coetzer grabbed three quick wickets - including the hero of yesterday 's game , Mohammad Nabi , first ball - to peg Afghanistan back , and when Samiullah Shenwari picked out Gavin Hamilton off Jan Stander in the 19th over , Afghanistan were struggling at 116 for 7 .
But a late surge from Raees Ahmadzai and Mirwais Ashraf took the score past 130 and gave Afghanistan 's bowlers a decent total to defend .
Scotland would have been hoping for a positive start to their chase , but Navdeep Poonia fell second ball to Ashraf , and Zadran proved almost impossible to get away in his opening spell .
When Kyle Coetzer 's painful innings ended on the first ball of the fifth over , he had struggled to two from 15 balls .
Hamilton and Neil McCallum clawed their way back with a 66 - run partnership for the third wicket , but when they were both dismissed in consecutive balls , Afghanistan had found their opening .
Hamid Hassan bowled Jan Stander and Fraser Watts , and when Drummond and Simon Smith fell to Mohammad Nabi in the penultimate over , Scotland 's hopes were extinguished .
Hassan shattered Majid Haq 's stumps with the last ball of the innings to seal an emphatic victory , sending Scotland crashing out of contention and Afghanistan almost certainly through to the next round .
If they beat the USA and Scotland defeats Ireland , then the USA , Scotland and Ireland will be locked on two points each with net run-rate deciding which team joins Afghanistan in the Super Four stage from Group A .
Ryan talks about your potential website security risks , and how to best respond to a breach ( which is unlikely for a small business ) .
Then Ryan and Sean discuss online trolls , and the three ways businesses can deal with them — including an idea of how you can profit from troll comments on social media .
… A love story .
Which is what the film is , an unsolicited review of Capitalism .
If you ’re expecting standard , Michael Moore agit - prop you ’ll be mildly disappointed .
If you ’re expecting a full deconstruction of Capitalism , you ’ll be disappointed .
If you ’re expecting a call to Socialism and all power to the proletariat , you ’ll just be mildly confused .
It ’s a pretty good flick , partly because Moore does n’t pull many silly stunts and spends less time than usual getting in your face .
In fact , he ’s downright nostalgic through the better part of the first half .
It ’s UAW , middle class autobiographical complete with old home movies .
Now maybe it ’s just that i was raised amidst the UAW middle class at the tail end of its existence , but this focus did a good job of setting me up .
I know the way the story ends .
His shots of abandoned neighborhood ’s are depictions of my own mental imagery rather than cinematic .
I ’ve already got the sadness , confusion and anger that he ’s hoping to build .
I ’m curious if the set up works for others from a different background .
I assume that it looks like a fairy tale to people younger than 35 , roughly the same as hearing the old folks talk and wondering if they ’re describing reality or editing out the bad for the sake of nostalgia .
Moore kind of does that .
He credits the unions ’ bravery and sacrifice that won a middle class existence for the working class .
He points out the hollowness of marketing the free - enterprise American Dream .
But he leaves the vision of the good ole days largely intact .
Quite possibly they were more good than bad and that ’s enough .
Then he starts to muddle through , employ the agit - prop , and seem more than a little out of his league …or at least talking down to the audience .
We watch the changes in American Capitalism from the late 1970 ’s on through telling graphs with little pictures of The Gipper .
Moore gets the timing right , but never bothers to explore the intellectual changes that prompted what he displays in graph form .
He lumps it all in as “ Capitalism . ”
It is , but the broad strokes do Moore ’s purpose a huge disservice and leave him open to attack .
He never bothers to name the changes as the ascendancy of neo-liberal ( or neo- classical ) capitalism , what gets passed off as “ pure , free market ” by its purveyors .
You have to know more than it appears Moore knows to understand his juxtaposing the two halves of the film .
He might have said , “ Once upon a time in America , the market served mainly as a means for industry to raise capital .
After the ascendancy of the neo-liberal model , industry became a means for the market to extract capital . ”
He never even comes close to being so direct , and so leaves the viewer with a feeling that he must choose between loving Capitalism and hating it .
That ’s actually a tough choice after seeing all the WonderBread goodness of the first half of the film .
He then pins it all on the bankers , which is a true but shallow analysis , and heads to New York for a few populist stunts along with interviews that continue to dance around the meat of his ( assumed ) argument .
He does spend a fair bit of time outlining how a handful of economic actors have hijacked the political process , but you ’d have to be living under a rock to not know that already .
In what feels like the end of the film , he leaves the thinking viewer completely befuddled …or maybe it ’s a matter of being forced to share the befuddlement that stems from his loose argument .
Many people ask , “ What does Moore suggest we replace Capitalism with ? ”
And Moore is prepared to give them an evasive , lacking answer : democracy .
How we replace an economic system with a political system is beyond me .
Moore perpetuates a huge , American problem by giving this answer ; worse , he plays right into the hands of his neo-liberal targets who ’ve managed to equate “ free markets ” with freedom itself .
He never attacks “ free markets ” as a code word for “ markets without rules , ” nor does he ever make the argument that well functioning markets do have rules .
But for all that , the film is worth watching for its actual ending .
Moore managed to dig up an American document that ’s been buried for more than half of a century .
At the end of FDR ’s last State of the Union address , given over the radio because he was too weak to go to Congress , he produced a short newsreel .
Why this was only shown once and then buried is beyond me .
Why the Democratic Party did not make it the party platform is also beyond me .
In any case , we ’ve gone all these years without it , and that ’s a damned shame .
It ’s worth listening to .
Here ’s the address , and the key elements of the transcript follow .
… We have come to a clear realization of the fact that true individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence .
“ Necessitous men are not free men . ”
People who are hungry and out of a job are the stuff of which dictatorships are made .
In our day these economic truths have become accepted as self - evident .
We have accepted , so to speak , a second Bill of Rights under which a new basis of security and prosperity can be established for all — regardless of station , race , or creed .
Among these are :
The right to a useful and remunerative job in the industries or shops or farms or mines of the nation ;
The right to earn enough to provide adequate food and clothing and recreation ;
The right of every farmer to raise and sell his products at a return which will give him and his family a decent living ;
The right of every businessman , large and small , to trade in an atmosphere of freedom from unfair competition and domination by monopolies at home or abroad ;
The right of every family to a decent home ;
The right to adequate medical care and the opportunity to achieve and enjoy good health ;
The right to adequate protection from the economic fears of old age , sickness , accident , and unemployment ;
The right to a good education .
All of these rights spell security .
And after this war is won we must be prepared to move forward , in the implementation of these rights , to new goals of human happiness and well - being .
For unless there is security here at home there cannot be lasting peace in the world .
For some reason , when Moore repeats the “ Economic Bill of Rights ” he leaves out , “ The right of every businessman , large and small , to trade in an atmosphere of freedom from unfair competition and domination by monopolies at home or abroad . ”
And so leaves himself standing there like a supersized target for , “ Michael Moore is a pinko who hates America . ”
I do n’t understand it , because he sets the whole film up to make all the right points and even be something that those who hate him will agree with .
Then he throws it all away .
I do n’t want to destroy Capitalism , i want to imagine an America that adopted FDR ’s Economic Bill of Rights .
I imagine that it would look similar to the childhood that was so good to Moore .
The full text of FDR ’s Second Bill of Rights is here .
Contributed by weerd on 2010 - 02 - 25 from the here - be - dragons dept .
Some time ago , we featured an article with a request for hardware .
Specifically , Jasper Lievisse Adriaanse ( jasper@ ) was looking for a Lemote Yeeloong and Otto Moerbeek ( otto@ ) had recently received one from a donor to work on the Loongson port .
Jasper had his Yeelong sponsored by two donors and received his machine less than two weeks after the article was posted .
Quite a few commits have hit the tree ( eg. here , here , and here ) since then , mostly from otto and miod for src / and jasper for ports / and it looks like the 4.7 release will feature an OpenBSD / Loongson port that should work on the Lemote Yeeloong , the Lemote Fuloong and the EMTEC Gdium .
Undeadly followed up on the donations and asked Miod Vallat ( miod@ ) , Otto and Jasper about the porting efforts , please read on for their story :
Otto got his Yeeloong late January , as a donation .
He 's been working on getting OpenBSD running properly on the Loongson machines , recently focussing on the installation process .
I received my donated Yeeloong in the last week of January .
At that point in time the port was n't stable enough to be self hosting , so I set up a cross building environment first .
Apart from the processor bugs Miod can tell horror stories about , the gnu C compiler had problems building some of the sources .
I started investigating this problem and it turned out to be a bug in the ProPolice code .
The fix I applied also fixed similar problems on the sgi platform , so that shows nicely how a new port can cause other platforms to progress .
After this fix and Miod 's work on avoiding the processor bugs , we had a self - hosting environment .
There were some rough edges , most of them had to do with the PMON ( boot environment ) shipped with the Lemote machines .
This particular version of PMON is broken in so many ways it 's hard to get started telling you about it .
But most importantly , it can only load a kernel or a second stage bootloader via netboot or from an ext2 filesystem .
I spent quite some time trying to make PMON load from a fat or iso9660 filesystem , but without success .
After creating a working RAMDISK configuration used to create bsd.rd , I decided that to be able to hack and build snapshots at the same time , I needed another machine , so I ordered a Fuloong 2 F .
Getting this one to work was tricky , mostly because its framebuffer is not yet supported and the serial console code was missing ; the Yeeloong machine used to do the initial port does not have a serial port .
After Miod helped to get the interrupt routing ok , my code to setup the serial console started working and the Fuloong 2 F turned into a supported machine .
I then concentrated on the installation procedure , which needed a way to create an ext2 filesystem .
So I ported newfs_ext2fs from NetBSD , and wrote the machine specific parts of the install script .
This script will automatically either use an existing ext2 partition to place the bootloader on , or create a small ext2 partition to hold it .
The bootloader then accesses the ffs root filesystem to load the kernel .
It was is good fun working on all this , committing to all corners of the OpenBSD tree .
Jasper , a longtime ports developer , has been working on Loongson too .
Here 's what he has to say :
Right after I got my Yeeloong I installed OpenBSD , and the installation procedure was not nearly as smooth then , as it is now .
As soon as OpenBSD had been installed I checked out the ports tree and assembled a list of ports I felt that were needed most .
Which resulted in the first 100 or so packages for mips64el .
( mips64el is the application architecture of the Loongson processors . )
After a bit more than a week I copied out the first full ports build for mips64el .
As on our other mips64 platform , sgi , we suffer from some rather big fallout , due to the fact we do n't have Python and GTK+2 .
These issues are not trivial as they require fixes for binutils and low - level floating point emulation .
So that 's a " to be continued " part .
On the other hand , quite some ports have already been fixed , and even more ports will be fixed after the ports tree unlocks again .
Along the way I 've fixed an issue where a machine with 2GB of RAM would report having 4096TB , which made the kernel rather upset .
Another developer working on the Loongson , doing much of the low - level grunt work , is Miod Vallat .
He found some nice undocumented bugs ( turns out these were documented , but in Chinese ) during the initial phase of the porting effort :
I had been bribed with a Lemote Yeeloong machine last spring ; but as usual , my spare time is close to zilch , so I did not really start working on it until July , and even then , I kept being distracted with other duties .
Eventually the hardware hackathon in November allowed me to settle down and spend quality time with this machine .
At the end of the hackathon I had the kernel booting up to the point it was asking for a filesystem to mount as root and an init ( 8 ) binary to run .
Then regular life resumed , but gentle pressure from other developers eventually caused me to commit this work and slowly start working on the userland bits .
Matthieu Herrb ( matthieu@ ) started working on userland with the aim of getting X running as soon as possible , and Otto Moerbeek joined the party a few days later .
But our systems would not run stably - after a few hours , or sometimes only a few minutes , they would freeze solid .
So I put my debug hat on and started to research this .
It did n't take long to figure out a reproducible way to trigger the freezes in less than a minute ; then I started adding extra sanity checks and guard code to the kernel , to try and gather as much information as possible about the problem .
At first I suspected a subtle race condition in my interrupt handling code , which would cause interrupts not to be re-enabled after being serviced ; but after carefully reading this code many times , I could n't find such a bug ( and there was n't any , really ) .
I ended up losing the few hairs I had , adding code deep down in the exception handling code , to figure out in which state the kernel would hang .
This allowed me to figure out that the freezes were always happening while servicing a clock interrupt , while a disk controller interrupt was pending or had just been serviced ( one more reason to suspect a race ) .
These are the times where you 'd give everything you have to get a logic analyzer for two minutes .
Unfortunately , I no longer work in a place which has logic analyzers , and even then , had I had access to an analyzer , there is no analyzer probe connector on the Yeeloong laptop .
But I did not have such a luxury , and this machine has no serial port .
At some point my debugging code was drawing small bars of different colours in the margins of the screen , and when the kernel would freeze I 'd gather state information from this meager display .
It was sort of a morse code , but with colours !
At this point , I started to get desperate and trying anything to get a kernel to survive my test .
I tried running with the cache disabled , it was slow but it did n't help .
I tried running diskless , it did n't help either .
I tried disabling all interrupt - capable devices but the Ethernet interface , and guess what ?
It did not help .
I went further and tried to disable Loongson - specific functionality , and to my surprise , although I did not get a reliable kernel , it would take much more time for it to freeze .
But then I was also changing timing , so the ``subtle race in the interrupt codepath '' theory would still stand .
Fortunately , at this point , I stumbled upon an archived message from the binutils mailinglist , where a Loongson engineer was discussing changes to the assembler to workaround processor misfeatures ... the description of the errata was quite vague , but was matching exactly the symptoms I was seeing .
It turns out that this processor has a so - called ``Branch Target Buffer '' , which is a cache of the last few recently executed branches through registers ( i.e. where the address to branch to is not set in stone in the code , but is held in a register , for example when invoking a function pointer ... such as an interrupt handling routine ) .
Since branch misprediction causes a 20 pipeline cycle penalty on this particular processor , it is important to try to prevent suffering such penalties .
To do so , this processor has a cache of the last 16 branch addresses , and it will use it to fetch and decode the instructions at the branch address in advance .
If the branch is not taken , these instructions will be canceled in the processor pipeline .
So far , so good , every modern RISC processor has something similar to this .
Now , the Loongson designers decided that , if the instructions to be canceled are loads from memory , it will not hurt to let the memory loads complete , in order to fill a cache line from memory ; the rationale behind this being that the odds of this particular memory being used soon are high , even if the branch was not taken yet .
Unfortunately , this load is not always correctly ignored , and the processor can end up keeping the memory bus locked ( according to the Loongson information ) .
This sounded too horrible to be true .
Yet it was worth a try .
The suggested workaround was to add extra code around branches to confuse the BTB matching logic , but this looked fishy to me .
I decided to go with something guaranteed to work : forcing a BTB clear before every branch through a register .
And , as you might have guessed , since then , our kernels have been rock solid , and developers have been able to work on fixing userland bugs , getting X to run , and building and fixing ports for this machine .
In retrospect , a logic analyzer would have exposed this bug in no time .
And although my workarounds were going in the right direction , I would never had suspected such a horrible errata .
I am glad this problem is over , but I still want my hair back .
As you can see , your donation can go a long way into getting new hardware support into OpenBSD .
Thanks go to Jasper , Otto an Miod for taking the time to tell us about their work and of course for working on the Loongson .
Note that Paul Irofti ( pirofti@ ) very recently also added his request for a Loongson machine to want .
html to work on suspend / resume on these machines , so if you missed the chance to send hardware to The Netherlands , perhaps you can send some to Romania .
BRUSSELS , Belgium —
As a young girl in Guinea , Aissatou Diallo could n’t save herself .
She was 14 and six people were holding her down while a seventh cut her .
Somalian Ifrah Ahmed could n’t even comprehend what was happening to her .
She was only 8 years old and there were people holding her arms and legs .
She had no anesthesia of any kind before or after , just raw agony and then the 40 days of isolation imposed on newly circumcised girls .
Five years later , inexplicably , they did it to her again .
Diallo and Ahmed are just two of the estimated 140 million women girls and women worldwide who have been subjected to female genital mutilation ( FGM ) .
But unlike the vast majority of girls unable to fight back either during the procedure or after , these women are defying it now — and demanding the rest of the world do the same .
They are some of the leading voices in the latest push in a long campaign spearheaded by Amnesty International against FGM .
The new drive is specifically geared toward pressing the European Union to coordinate the laws , statistics and even foreign policy of its 27 member states into a united front to halt the practice .
Diallo is now in Belgium , one of the handful of countries that does grant asylum based on FGM claims .
She claimed asylum on the basis that she could not protect her two young daughters from family and community members in Guinea determined to subject them to FGM .
Ahmed , now 21 , arrived as a war refugee in Ireland three years ago , unable to read or write as a result of never being sent to school in Somalia .
Now fluent – and fearless – in English , she ’s determined to change the culture of her own country , where almost 98 percent of adult women are believed to have been circumcised , the highest rate in the world .
But activists are working to make clear that while African countries are infamous for the practice , people in the West should not think it only affects women “ somewhere else . ”
Figures compiled by the European Parliament indicate there are approximately half a million women living in the EU who have already undergone FGM .
An estimated 180,000 more girls each year in Europe reach the age when the procedure is usually done , which ranges from birth up to age 15 .
In the U.S. , legislation has been in place since 1996 offering asylum to any woman fleeing the threat of FGM or who has already experienced it .
But in Europe , though the majority of the 27 EU member states outlaw FGM under either specific or general criminal laws , only a handful officially recognize FGM as a form of persecution warranting protection and they do not apply the law in the same way .
( This is also true among different courts in the U.S. where , for example , a Malian asylum seeker who had been subjected to FGM as a child was rejected by the state of Maryland because there was no reason for her to fear it happening again . )
End FGM wants uniform laws adopted throughout the EU and the most generous possible interpretation of them .
But living in a country where there are laws against FGM by no means grants these girls automatic protection from the practice — it ’s technically illegal in many of the African nations too .
Sometimes the cutting is actually performed in Europe , but more frequently young girls are taken on “ vacation ” back to Africa , where it ’s done in the traditional setting .
The End FGM campaign wants data collected from across Europe to gauge the extent of the problem .
Isabelle Durant and Aissatou Diallo at the End FGM campaign kick - off .
( Courtesy of GAMS - Belgique )
The European Parliament ( EP ) in March 2009 passed a strongly worded resolution condemning FGM as a “ violation of fundamental human rights , as well as a savage breach of the integrity and personality of women and girls and therefore … a serious crime in the eyes of society . ”
The resolution called on the EU executive and member states to prepare plans “ aimed at banishing FGM from the EU ” and providing all means possible to protect and help vulnerable women .
In short , it looks a lot like Amnesty ’s wish list .
EP Vice President Isabelle Durant , attending the campaign 's Belgian kick - off earlier this month , pledged her support for putting some teeth in the good intentions .
“ We ’ve got the resolution , now we need the action , ” Durant said .
She promised to push for implementation of the parliamentary directive in addition to the possibility of linking trade and aid to countries ’ willingness to give up the practice .
But there are also valid concerns about whether such pressure could be counter - productive , not just with foreign governments that may resent attempts to influence their traditions , but also with the people the policies are seeking to support .
Women may be reluctant to seek medical care for themselves or their children if they worry they or other family members could be prosecuted .
Those concerns are far outweighed , says the campaign ’s director Christine Loudes , by the need to protect innocent girls .
“ It ’s a matter of her human rights , it ’s a matter of her right not to be tortured , and her rights to access to health and her rights to physical integrity . ”
Activists also want to promote sympathetic medical care so that when circumcised women see a doctor they do not have to answer embarrassing or ignorant questions about what kind of “ accident ” caused the deformity .
Ifrah Ahmed said she was at first very reluctant to go to the hospital for the very serious problems she suffers with each month ’s menstrual period as a result of her double mutilation , including pain so bad she says “ sometimes I fall down and I feel like I ’m going to die . ”
And after having to explain time and time again to stupefied or even just curious attendants , she finally got an explanatory note from one sympathetic doctor that she could just hand over every time she needs care .
It saves her from having to recount the excruciating details endlessly .
Ifrah Ahmed recently came in second - runner - up in a Miss Africa - Ireland pageant .
( Courtesy of Ifrah Ahmed )
She said the doctors always ask her “ why do they do this to you ? ” and she herself cannot explain .
“ I actually asked some old women why they are doing circumcision to a child , who is innocent , why are they hurting us ? ” she said .
“ But there is no answer . ”
There would n’t be any answer that could satisfy Ahmed anyway .
She is determined to see this practice stopped .
While she agrees laws need to be strengthened , Ahmed insists the true solution is prevention , not prosecution , and that ’s why she ’s working in African immigrant communities day in and day out , despite the resistance she meets there .
“ They are following what mothers , grandmothers , grand - grandmothers used to do , ” Ahmed sighed .
“ But we in Europe , we are fighting for change .
They wo n’t change everything within a day or two days or a year or two years but with campaigning and work , it will come . ”
Spring is right around the corner , and that means weddings .
Sadly , weddings are n’t just about the boom boom with the bridesmaids .
Â A lot of tears , hugs , and other awkward bullshit will be distributed among our female counterparts .
Â
This is boring and unfun .
Â
Today we ’re going to look at a few reasons why the rest of us are crying at weddings .
Bridesmaid ’s Dresses
One of the perks of having to attend weddings is the fact that the bridesmaids are often hot .
Â
Sadly , what ’s not hot are the atrocities bridezilla has forced them to wear for the occasion .
Bridesmaids who look like a hookers are fine but many of these dresses really make you wonder wtf the bride could have been tripping on when she picked them .
Your Ex is Wearing White At Her Second Wedding
White dresses are supposed to symbolize purity .
Â
It ’s always fun to watch the single mom you used tap roll through a church wearing one of these .
Â
You ’ll be in tears at this point too , from LOL’ing .
Â
This is the same girl who let you give her a monster facial outside of Denny ’s before her shift , and now she ’s wearing all white .
Â
Irony is awesome .
The “ Open Bar ” is a Keg of Pabst Blue Ribbon
It ’s a simple fact — PBR ruins lives .
It ’s ruined more than one marriage and finding it at a wedding reception is a bad omen .
It ’s sad — very sad — when you get weaseled into going to a wedding with the lure of an open bar and find out when you get there PBR is why you came .
The Relative Who Sings
Whether it ’s a planned performance of “ Endless Love ” during the ceremony or a drunken rendition of “ Friends in Low Places ” during karaoke later , there ’s usually one relative of the bride or groom who will feel the need to sing .
Badly .
The End of Poker Night
As your buddy takes his vows , if you listen closely you can hear the death rattle of guys ’ night .
Even the most understanding girlfriends , when transformed into wives and moms , tend to want to nail down a family schedule .
That schedule does n’t include poker night and guys ’ night out .
As more of the group decide to get married , it ’ll get smaller and smaller until it eventually is just a fond memory .
We do n’t blame you for shedding a tear , those were good times .
The Fact That You ’ll “ Probably ” Never Hit That Again
Sometimes in life we ’re graced with the perfect booty call .
Â
Someone who is attractive on the outside , fun to be around , but there really is n’t any chemistry there besides good sex .
Â
Your number was first in her drunk dial list .
Â
You never really cared when other dudes dated her because you knew that she ’d dump them and you ’d eventually get to see that ass again … until now .
/ tear
Really ?
No , not really , who are we trying to kid ?
Â
The US currently has a 50 % projected divorce rate and 40 % of women will be getting banged by other dudes while married .
Â
Doing some number crunching , it ’s safe to say you ’ll probably hit that again , only this time you may have to wait a little longer .
I have to admit I had second thoughts about the title of this column …. especially in light of the words of James in chapter 2 verse 18 ; " And the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace by those who make peace . "
I also had second thoughts when I consider the words of Jesus in the Sermon on the Mount , " Blessed are the peacemakers because they will be called sons of God " ( Matthew 5:9 HCSB ) .
But when I read the words of Paul written to his young protégée Timothy encouraging him to " fight the good fight for the faith " ( 1 Timothy 6:12a ) and I when I hear Paul say at the end of his life " I have fought the good fight … . "
( 2 Timothy 4:7a ) , I am convinced the title is appropriate .
Charles Colson , former Nixon advisor and founder and President of Prison Ministry Fellowship , verbally paints an accurate and disturbing picture of the challenges evangelical Christians face in the world today .
Colson said , " Christians face two serious threats , one from the East ( radical Muslim extremism ) and one from within ( the culture war ) .
The threat from Islamofacism is growing exponentially as radical elements within the Muslim faith try to destroy the very foundations of Christianity .
Extremists use both the sword and fear of the sword to gain an advantage over the complacent hearts and minds of Westerners .
Many Christians in the West believe the extremists represent a minor departure from the mainstream of the Muslim faith and that we should not be too worried about the possibility of another 911 type of attack .
These misguided brothers and sisters in Christ believe if we will just leave the extremists alone they will leave us alone .
That line of thinking applied to Adolph Hitler by the Europeans prior to World War II left most of Europe in ruins and cost the lives of well over a million people .
We make the same mistake today if we do not take the threat of an Iran armed with nuclear weapons seriously .
We make it when we fail to realize the influence the terrorist nation of Iran has in Iraq , in Syria , in Afghanistan , in Lebanon , and most recently , in Gaza .
We should remember it took the defeat of the Turks by the Polish cavalry in 1683 as the Turks encircled Vienna to stem the fast rising tide of radical Islam .
If the United States loses its resolve to win the war on terror , however and wherever that war manifests itself , we may well see the day when all we hold dear will be relegated to the dust bin of history .
The second enemy Colson mentioned is what he calls " Neo-atheism . "
This new brand of 21st century atheism is much more pervasive and exceedingly more dangerous than any of its earlier manifestations .
Neo -atheism goes much farther than the mere denial of God 's existence .
It actually calls for the eradication of all forms of Christianity .
One prominent Neo-atheist has gone so far as to suggest that Christian parents should be prohibited by law from passing their religious values down to their children .
They consider the teachings of Jesus Christ to be the moral equivalent of child abuse .
They believe absolute truth is a myth and objective , fact - based reality is a fairytale told by fools .
Relativism has so infested the thinking of many Christians that they are slowly beginning to buy into the ideas put forth by the Left concerning what true Christianity is all about .
Moral relativists on the political Left reduce abortion to nothing more than a woman 's right to choose and homosexuality to nothing more than one lifestyle choice among many .
They turn the " faith once delivered to the saints " into the " faith once distorted for the sake of political gain . "
If Colson is right ( and I believe he is ) , how can Islamofacism and Neo-atheism threaten a culture that claims to be overwhelmingly Christian ?
The answer lies in understanding the real threat to Christianity is not the philosophies we face but the faith we lack .
It is what I call " Regressive Christianity . "
Regressive Christianity 's main problem is the lack of standing room .
In fact , every Church in America could use a sign posted prominently over the pulpit that says , " Standing Room Only . "
The Apostle Paul , after reminding the Ephesians that our fight is not against " flesh and blood " but against rulers , authorities , the world powers of this darkness and the spiritual forces of evil in the heavens " exhorted them to " stand therefore … " ( Ephesians 6:10 - 17 ) .
He essentially called them to fight not with the weapons of the enemy but through the enablement of God with " truth like a belt , righteousness like armor , faith like a shield , salvation like a helmet , God 's Word like a sword , all while standing in the shoes of the gospel . "
A strange thing happened at the first Battle of Bull Run during the Civil War .
People packed up their picnic lunches and loaded up in their fine carriages to ride out and watch the opposing armies do battle .
But shortly after the battle began those sideline thrill seekers realized being mere bystanders was not an option .
Three times in this passage Paul says the key to the fight is to stand .
It really does n't matter how well equipped we are to charge the gates of hell if we retreat or outright refuse to enter the battle .
We must replace " Regressive Christianity " with the mystery of an aggressive yet gentle faith that is firmly grounded in God 's Word and faithfully demonstrated in the lives of God 's people .
Gov. Rick Perry has ordered the creation of a task force to investigate the targeting of elderly women by a possible serial rapist .
At least eight women ages 65 to 91 have been raped or reported an attempted sexual assault in rural Central Texas towns in the last year .
Other women were robbed .
One 81 - year - old scared off an intruder by firing a gun .
The authorities believe all the cases are connected to a man who has been called the Twilight Rapist .
葉酸でストレス軽減！
葉酸は女性が積極的に摂取したい成分の一つですが、特に妊娠中の人は意識して取り入れる事が大切です。
胎児の成長にも欠かせない成分ですが、妊娠中はどうしてもストレスを感じやすくなりますから、葉酸が持つストレスを軽減させる作用が役立つというところにも注目です。
妊娠するとホルモンバランスが大きく変化します。
これは妊娠に必要な事ですが、ホルモンバランスの変化は自律神経にも影響を与えるため、精神が不安定になりやすい傾向があります。
これはストレスを感じた時にも起こる現象ですが、妊娠中は普段よりもストレスを感じやすいのです。
母体がストレスを感じると、それが赤ちゃんにも影響を与えてしまいます。
ストレスを感じた時は、脳からノルアドレナリンが分泌されます。
セロトニンは別名を幸せホルモンと言い、気持ちを落ち着かせノルアドレナリンの分泌を抑制する働きをします。
葉酸を摂取すると、脳から分泌されるセロトニンの量が増え事が確認されていますので、ストレスを軽減させるためにも葉酸の摂取が必要です。
セロトニンの分泌を増やす方法は他にもいくつかあります。
朝起きて天気がいい日は必ず朝日を浴びてください。
朝日を浴びる事でセロトニンの分泌が盛んになり、気分良く朝のスタートをむかえられます。
緊張するだけでも体にとってはストレスとなりますが、こういう時は腹式呼吸をしてみましょう。
深呼吸すると不思議と気持ちが落ち着くのと同じで、ゆっくりと大きく腹式呼吸をする事でセロトニンの分泌が促進されリラックス状態に導きます。
緊張やストレスを感じたら、5分ほど腹式呼吸を試してみてください。
妊娠中は激しい運動はできませんが、適度な運動は必要です。
リズム運動は腹式呼吸とよく似た効果をもたらしてくれます。
体が一定のリズムを刻む事で、セロトニンの分泌が促進されるのです。
ウォーキングなら妊娠中も可能ですから、ゆっくりとしたペースで構いませんから、一定のリズムを刻みながら歩いてみましょう。
A question was posed to US president Barack Obama at a town hall meeting in Tampa , Florida on 28 January .
Obama took this as an opportunity to “ talk about the Middle East generally . ”
Obama : Israel is one of our strongest allies .
Would one ’s strongest allies coax it into the quagmire of aggression and occupation ?
The US faces stiff resistance in Iraq ; nonetheless , Israeli hawks encourage military action against Iran .
Obama :
It is a vibrant democracy .
For who ?
Not for all its citizens .
This is made clear by Israeli professor Benjamin Beit - Hallahmi .
Obama :
It is critical for us and I will never waver from ensuring Israel ’s security and helping them secure themselves in what is a very hostile region …
I make no apologies for that .
… the plight of the Palestinians is something that we have to pay attention to , because it is not good for our security and it is not good for Israel ’s security if you ’ve got millions of individuals who feel hopeless , who do n’t have an opportunity to get an education or get a job or what have you .
Imagine if a US president ( imagine Franklin Roosevelt ) had pledged unwavering support for Germany ’s security while acknowledging the requirement to pay attention to the plight of Jews ( and — if the president is a man concerned about all humanity — Roma , homosexuals , communists , and other victims ) during World War II .
Many people would insist that such a scenario is preposterous , and I would agree .
But why is Obama ’s statement not preposterous ?
Everyone desires security , but the security of the Palestinian people is not supported or even mentioned .
Furthermore , the reason given for having to pay attention to the plight of Palestinians is because of security concerns for Israel and the US .
That is a whole lot different than saying one is paying attention to improve the plight of Palestinians .
A simple deconstruction of Obama ’s words reveals that there is no altruistic intent .
Obama : [ W ]e are seeking a two - state solution in which Israel and the Palestinians can live side by side in peace and security .
In order to do that both sides are going to have to make compromises .
What compromises ?
Malcolm X once said , “ Do n’t stick a knife in me ten inches , pull it out six , and tell me we ’ve made progress . ”
The corollary here would be : Do n’t steal all of my land , then allow me keep 10 % , and call that compromise .
Compromise …
It sounds already predetermined : a two - state solution .
The land was the co-called Palestine Mandate before British collaboration with Zionist Jews aided in the killing and dispossession of Palestinians .
Ergo , there is nothing tangible for Israeli Jews to compromise on .
Compromise sounds like a reasonable request in a dispute ; but compromise on what ?
For Palestinians , the entitlement of non-Mizrahi Jews in historical Palestine is a huge concession .
Obviously , compromise has a latent perniciousness that Obama does not let on .
Obama is likeliest calling on Palestinians to “ compromise ” on land forcibly seized by Israel in 1967 .
If so , where is the Israeli compromise in that ?
Obama :
As a first step , the Palestinians have to unequivocally renounce violence and recognize Israel .
The first step places all the onus on the occupied , oppressed Palestinians .
Again , what kind of “ compromise ” is this ?
The intent is clear ; Obama frames the victimized Palestinians as the source of violence .
Obama : And Israel has to acknowledge legitimate grievances and interests of the Palestinians .
Obama makes a nebulous call to “ acknowledge ” not address the “ legitimate ” grievances and interests of the Palestinians .
Why the obfuscation ?
Who determines what is “ legitimate ” ?
Is demanding Palestinians to unequivocally renounce violence and recognize Israel legitimate ?
Why is there no demand for the Israelis to unequivocally renounce violence and recognize Palestine ?
Obama :
The Israel government came in based on the support of a lot of folks who do n’t want to make a lot of concessions .
Concessions ?
What can Israel concede to Palestinians ?
Their human rights ?
Their territory ?
How can a thief make concessions ?
The land belongs to the people who have long inhabited that land without freely selling title to the land : the Palestinians .
Return of territory acquired by violence is repatriation .
Yes , there has been the purchase of a small amount of land , but that land still belongs to the state .
For example , foreigners own land in Canada and the US , but the land still remains a part of the state .
Obama :
On the other hand , President Abbas of the Palestinian Authority , who I think genuinely wants peace , has to deal with Hamas , an organization that has not recognized Israel and has not disavowed violence .
Obama praises Israel ( wrongly ) as a “ vibrant democracy . ”
Then he refers to Mahmoud Abbas as president of the Palestinian Authority .
Yes , he is , but this is deception .
Why did Obama not refer to Abbas as president of the State of Palestine ?
Could it be because his term expired a year ago , and he granted himself a one - year extension ?
How democratic is that ?
Hamas is the democratically elected government that the US refuses to deal with .
Obama renders his own words nugatory .
Obama ’s spiel was in response to a question : “ Then why have we [ the US ] not condemned Israel and Egypt ’s human rights violations against the occupied Palestinian people and yet we continue to support financially with billions of dollars coming from our tax dollars ? ”
Obama did not answer this question .
The Obama administration ’s efforts are focused on restarting Israeli - Palestinian peace talks .
This is the same strategy used by former US administrations .
Obama might instead demand respect for international law and adherence to all United Nations Security Council resolutions by the Israeli and Palestinian sides .
So - called peace talks filled with empty words are meaningless , as Oslo and the Roadmap demonstrated .
Obama billed himself as the candidate of change , yet there is no change in the approach to the Israeli occupation of Palestine .
Obama continues unchangingly to support the oppressor over the oppressed .
February 25 , 2010
OVER WINTER break , I traveled home for two weeks .
My friends had been sending me updates of their activities in Sheikh Jarrah , a neighborhood in East Jerusalem , the city I grew up in .
Many had been beaten and arrested at protests there , part of a solidarity movement to stop evictions of Palestinians from their homes .
In August 2009 , a court order was issued to evict two Palestinian families from their homes .
Since then , a total of five families living in 28 houses have been evicted .
In the wake of the evictions , Israeli settlers moved in and are now constructing a new settlement right in the heart of this Palestinian neighborhood - - " legally " no less .
Maged Hanun , aged 51 , tells me he was born in the house he and his family were evicted from -- the home that belonged to them for the past 60 years .
" So how can they just take me out of my home ? " he asks me .
Prior to 1948 , these families owned homes in the western parts of Jerusalem , Jaffa , Haifa and other parts of what is now northern Israel .
Now , their homes are in Sheikh Jarrah .
All of these families are of modest means , and their options are limited .
In other words , this is not a fight about ideology or religion .
It is a fight that these families are compelled to wage as a matter of survival .
It is a fight out of necessity .
Protesters stand in the back yard of a house now occupied by Israeli settlers in the Sheikh Jarrah neighborhood
Maged tells me that some of the evicted families have managed to rent apartments , and some have found refuge with other neighbors .
But many families now live outside in tents , sometimes even in the backyard of their previous homes .
On almost a daily basis , Israeli settlers and police take their tents down .
The elderly and children living on the streets suffer the most .
But history has shown the Palestinians here that if they leave their land , they will never return to it .
So they stay despite the hardship .
As Maged explains :
For five months , we have been in the streets .
And who has helped us ?
Who has given us another home ?
Who sees how our children are thrown in the streets ?
Nobody .
The settlers in their homes watch us , and they do n't care .
What kind of a person lives in a house that does n't belong to him , and looks out and sees us in the street -- what kind of a heart has he ?
What kind of a mind ?
I do n't know .
ON JUNE 5 , 1967 , Israel launched the Six Day War , during which it occupied the West Bank , Gaza , Sinai Peninsula and the Golan Heights .
Israel also occupied the eastern part of Jerusalem , including the neighborhood of Sheikh Jarrah .
Not long after , a small group of Jews , claiming to be the continuation of the Committee of the Sephardic Community , came forward with a deed to the land in Sheikh Jarrah from the archives of the old Ottoman Empire , dating back roughly a hundred years .
For whatever reasons , the legitimacy of this deed was not investigated or confirmed by any Turkish officials .
In 1972 , an Israeli court accepted the claim and ruled that the Palestinians of Sheikh Jarrah should be legally considered " protected residents " and obligated to pay rent to the Israeli Knesset Committee and the Committee of the Sephardic Community .
This was the first time the residents had ever heard of the so - called owners of their homes and land .
The Palestinians , refusing to accept the Committee 's ownership of their land , collectively refused to pay rent .
Since then , the rights to the land were resold to an American settler organization , Nehalat Shimon International , which then demanded that the Palestinians be evicted on the grounds that they have not paid rent .
Thus , the legal battles that began in 1972 over ownership of the land in Sheikh Jarrah continue to the present day .
How did this all begin ?
What is the legal basis for the court 's decision ?
In 1875 , the Committee of the Sephardic Community allegedly bought land in Sheikh Jarrah , and for a few decades , Jews lived there alongside Arabs .
But over time , as the aims of the Zionist project came into sharper focus , there was increasing conflict and violence , and by the early 1930s , the Committee left the neighborhood .
After the 1948 war , in which Israel drove hundreds of thousands of Palestinians from their homes , the Sheikh Jarrah neighborhood came to be occupied by Jordan .
Many of the Palestinians who fled their homes in other parts of Jerusalem and the rest of the country arrived in the area in search of shelter .
It became a large refugee camp .
Between 1952 and 1953 , the United Nations and Jordan decided to build houses for the refugees .
The idea was that the families would pay a symbolic fee over the course of three years , at the end of which they would be granted legal ownership of their homes .
Through a bureaucratic mishap , part of the plan fell through , and the families never received the legal deeds to their homes .
But what is truly absurd is that a group of Jews claim they can prove " legal ownership " to land outside the so - called Green Line ( the 1949 armistice line that formally ended the 1948 war ) and move into houses that other people live in -- while Palestinians , even if they can prove such ownership , cannot .
This raises another question :
Why have Palestinians not been able to demand the right to return to the homes they lived in prior to 1948 ?
This is due to the 1950 Absentee Property Law , a perfect embodiment of legal apartheid .
This law established that in the event that a Palestinian managed to prove ownership of a house or a piece of land within the 1948 or 1967 lines -- a very difficult process that involves a lot of tedious bureaucracy and an almost impossible list of conditions to meet -- the property must then be handed over to a " legal guardian . "
This guardian becomes the legal owner of the property until a peace treaty is signed between Israel and Palestine .
At this time , each property is supposed to be dealt with on a case - by - case basis , and a determination made as to whether the property will be returned to its Palestinian owner , if the owner will be compensated but not allowed to return , or neither .
Nothing is promised .
The families of Sheikh Jarrah , of course , protest .
" If you take the home we 've lived in for the past 60 years , then give us back the home we lost 60 years ago , " they say .
In 2004 , Israel 's High Court of Justice ruled that because the rent had not been paid , the Palestinians of Sheikh Jarrah can be evicted .
At first , one family was forced out .
It later returned after a lot of international scrutiny and diplomatic pressure .
But in 2008 and 2009 , the evictions resumed .
Five families have since been removed from 28 houses , and in August alone , two evictions rendered 46 men , women and children homeless .
No compensation was offered , of course .
The European Union , the United Nations and the U.S. have all rebuked Israel for its actions and called for the return of the families to their homes .
No action was taken .
Police and settler security forces carry out the eviction warrants .
In many instances , they give the family they are evicting no prior notice .
They simply arrive and tell them they must leave their home .
When the family refuses , they are removed by force , and their belongings placed in the street , immediately after which settlers move in to the premises .
Sometimes , the settlers enter the Palestinians ' homes at night , using brutality and fear to drive the residents away , so that it 's " easier " to seize all or parts of the houses .
Many international volunteers and Israeli activists sleep in the neighborhood in order to prevent these crimes .
In 2008 , a new lawyer for the Palestinian families evicted from their homes traveled to Turkey with the disputed deed belonging to the settlers in order to confirm its legitimacy .
He visited the Ottoman Empire archives and , with the help of an Ottoman Empire expert , discovered two things :
1 . The territory count in the document does not match the count in the archives .
This means that even in the event of authenticity , the land referred to in the deed is not the same as the land the settlers are seeking to lay claim to .
More seriously , this carries the strong odor of fraud .
2 . At the top of the document , in ancient lettering that was not examined earlier , it is very clearly stated that this is a contract to establish a lease , not to sell the land .
This kind of lease is valid for up to -- and no more than -- 100 years .
The legal strategy is now focused on bringing forward this new evidence , but there is a new problem .
Under the Israeli law " sofiut " -- which , translated , literally means " finality " -- the Supreme Court in Israel has the power to arbitrarily close a case after 25 years if no new evidence has been presented .
In 2007 , the court ruled that the case of Sheikh Jarrah should be closed -- a year prior to the discovery of the apparent illegitimacy of the deed .
So having failed to prove their collective ownership of the land in the eyes of the court , each family is forced to make an individual legal claim to their home .
The court then rejects these appeals , one family at a time .
In the streets , however , the fight continues collectively .
In fact , the struggle over Sheikh Jarrah is increasingly attracting attention in mainstream Israeli political discourse .
THOUGH IT may seem that Sheikh Jarrah is an isolated case , the opposite is true .
The developments at Sheikh Jarrah are the crux of a state strategy to " Hebronize " East Jerusalem .
Hebron is the West Bank town where Israeli settlers have taken over the homes of Palestinians by means of violence and terror , essentially occupying one house at a time until they controlled a strategic part of the city 's center .
At present , the Israeli state plans to evict 550 Palestinian residents from East Jerusalem .
In the summer of 2009 , left - wing Israeli activists began organizing around the case of Sheikh Jarrah .
Dozens of people slept every night in the homes of the Palestinians of Sheikh Jarrah .
This stopped the evictions .
But as the weeks went by , the numbers of activists staying in Sheikh Jarrah dwindled , and one night , when only a few stayed in the neighborhood , an eviction took place .
Since then , a new wave of activism was born , and with the Israeli activists building a united front of solidarity with the Palestinians .
Shir Sternberg , one of the young activists at the heart of the organizing , explained how the new efforts got off the ground :
I met with many of the usual suspects in Jerusalem and asked that we hold a meeting in an attempt to organize the struggle .
Though there are many diplomatic statements and international organizations that are aware of the situation in Sheikh Jarrah ... there was no organized resistance within Israeli society .
We started to meet once a week and to talk about who we are , what we are , and how we want to do this .
In the meanwhile , I undertook a personal investigation into how to organize nonviolent struggles and how to organize public resistance .
I spent two months talking to everyone I could and reading a lot of material .
Then I discovered something amazing .
We were n't alone .
There were other groups trying to form a movement ; we just had no connection to each other .
We started to create an organized front , based on the principle that we all share certain goals , and that we can leave other things that we do n't share in common for internal discussion .
Over time , the organization became more and more impressive .
At one meeting , 40 people showed up to organize together .
This is very rare .
Most of the people are young , in their early to mid-twenties , and there 's a smaller group of older , longstanding activists .
The diversity is great .
Students , anarchists , activists from Hadash [ an Arab - Jewish socialist party that has four members in Israel 's Knesset , or parliament , and supports a one - state solution ] , people from Meretz [ a Zionist party to the left of Israel 's Labor Party ] -- people from the entire political spectrum .
The first initiative of the new organization was a response to the violence that routinely occurs when settlers gather for Friday prayers .
It had become customary for the settlers to hit the streets after prayer , throwing rocks and attacking Palestinian men , women , children and elderly .
No one has been spared .
Sternberg explains that their action made a real difference .
" The first time we were there , the mere fact of our presence lessened the violence significantly , " says Sternberg .
But the group wanted to do more .
" The next week , we decided that we needed to develop awareness within Israeli society of what was taking place , " continues Sternberg .
" So we started the march to Sheikh Jarrah in West Jerusalem and walked [ through the center of town ] to East Jerusalem .
On the first march , there were 30 people , and on the second , there were 50 .
Within a few marches , we had reached 150 people .
It was a huge leap . "
Sternberg continues :
Most of the people are not experienced activists .
We created a very significant circle of students , who have experienced their first real taste of activism in this struggle .
We defined this as a social struggle , because that 's how we see it .
More than just an Israeli - Palestinian struggle , this is a fight for the rights of every human being and every citizen not to be discriminated against on ethnic grounds .
This has attracted many , many people .
The marches have been beautiful .
We walk with drums , we sing , and we chant .
When we reach the neighborhood , we protest in front of the houses , and the residents come out with Turkish coffee and tea , handing them out to everyone .
They sit down , and we talk with them .
This is a great way to tell the story in first person .
By the fifth demonstration , Israeli authorities had become concerned about the growing protests , and there was also increasing participation of more radical people .
In Sternberg 's words :
More anarchists and more Ta'ayush [ a Palestinian - Jewish group that has taken direct action against Israel 's occupation ] were there , and the atmosphere was very tense ...
At a certain point , when the crowd started to disperse and about 100 people were left , one of the demonstrators decided to pull down some small Israeli flags on a part of a house that once belonged to a Palestinian .
As soon as he did , border patrol soldiers jumped him and started beating him .
We pulled him from their hands , and everything went totally wild .
In retrospect , we understood that that had been the intention of the police to begin with .
The protest ended with horrifying results -- people were gassed despite their nonviolence .
I saw female friends of mine getting punched in the face , and kicked and dragged on the ground .
People our parents ' age too were pushed and beaten , with brute force .
DESPITE THIS , the protests continue -- as has the police repression , even when the nonviolent protests were finally declared legal .
So far , more than 70 have been arrested , and dozens more have been beaten .
Recently , several prominent Israeli figures have joined the cause , among them Michael Sfard , a lawyer specializing in international human rights law .
He served as counsel in numerous important human rights cases and has represented many left - wing and Palestinian organizations before the Israeli Supreme Court .
In the case of the village of Bilin , Sfard discovered the existence of a Canadian company , which subsidized the building of the settlement there .
So Sfard went to Canada and sued the company in a Canadian court .
He won the case , and the company collapsed .
This established an important precedent , using a strategy that no one had thought possible before .
Sfard is now using his expertise in international law to look into the evictions in Sheikh Jarrah .
After all , the neighborhood is an occupied territory -- no political or diplomatic bodies , except for the state of Israel itself , recognizes it as Israeli territory .
In early February , around 300 activists came out to another protest in Sheikh Jarrah , among them public figures with major prominence in Israel .
Ilan Gilon , a Knesset member , spoke to the crowd , saying in his speech , " If [ the Jewish settlers ] can prove ownership of 28 houses , the Palestinians can prove ownership of 28,000 houses . "
Author David Grossman , who lost his son in the second war on Lebanon , said , " [ T ] he right wing , with the massive support of the government , the justice system and powerful economic forces , are abusing the Palestinians in a thousand and one ways . "
Mohammad Barakeh , leader of the Hadash Party , also attended the protest , as did Uri Avneri , Yossi Sarid , Avraham Burg , and other previous and current parliament members .
" To me , this struggle is important on two different levels , " says Sternberg .
" One is the Palestinian struggle against the occupation and solidarity with the Arab uprising in East Jerusalem .
We want an immediate halt to the forced evictions , house demolitions , expansion plans and settlement building on Palestinian territory .
The other is the ' struggle over my society . '
We want to build a broad community of social and political activism that will create a powerful force based on civil responsibility and obligation . "
Haula Hanun , Maged 's wife , takes me for a walk in the neighborhood .
She speaks no English and no Hebrew , and I understand so little Arabic , so communication is minimal .
But I see what she shows me .
The houses of her family are covered with Israeli flags , while security cameras are perched outside , watching over large expensive cars .
She shows me her improvised kitchen -- shelves and cabinets with pots and pans and food -- outside on a driveway .
Her husband 's father and uncle sit in a tent next to the driveway , drinking tea , smoking cigarettes and playing Shesh - Besh ( backgammon ) .
They make me a cup of very sweet tea .
Haula and I use a translator , and we agree that if matters were in our hands , we would live side by side , as neighbors , as equals .
Activist ' Reverend Billy ' is holding a Valentine 's Day unmarriage mass ritual to support marriage equality .
The protest will include hundreds of couples who will suspend their wedding vows in a mass ritual and disavow the institution of marriage until it embraces same - sex couples .
The Reverend Billy will conduct a mass sermon and tragic and hopeful love songs will be sung .
Participants will receive an official unmarried certificate .
Sunday , February 14th , 2010
1 pm sharp
Bethesda Angel
Central Park , 72nd st
New York , NY
All are welcome gay , straight , single or partnered .
Please email unmarriage4gaymarriage@gmail.com to sign up !
A predecessor to such monumental works such as Crime and Punishment and The Brothers Karamazov , Notes From Underground represents a turning point in Dostoyevsky 's writing towards the more political side .
In this work , we follow the unnamed narrator of the story , who , disillusioned by the oppression and corruption of the society in which he lives , withdraws from that society into the underground .
A dark and politically charged novel , Notes From Underground is Dostoyevsky at his best .
News hit late yesterday that ex-Infinity Ward studio heads Jason West and Vince Zampella are suing Activision , their former employer .
Today , we 've received a boatload of new details on that lawsuit through the public court documents ( originally posted on Kotaku ) .
I 've given the 16 - page complaint a couple read - throughs , but rather than attempting to interpret it all on my own , I talked with Eric Chad , an intellectual property attorney with the firm Merchant & Gould .
Chad provides some insight into why Activision may have made the choices they did , how relevant the info provided in West and Zampella 's complaint is , and just how ugly and lengthy this legal battle could get .
For someone who 's completely new to this type of legal document , the biggest surprise was that about 10 of the 16 pages are fairly clear and easy to follow , providing a semi-narrative set of anecdotes about the various problems West and Zampella have faced from Activision over the past few years .
Some items I found particularly interesting :
- After acquiring Infinity Ward in 2002 , Activision CEO Bobby Kotick told West and Zampella " that they should , and needed to , fight to preserve the ' magic ' at Infinity Ward and focus above all else on maintaining its record of top- rated games . "
- Following the release and success of the original Call of Duty : Modern Warfare , West and Zampella almost did n't renew their contract with Activision .
The duo clearly wanted Infinity Ward to develop a new intellectual property , but they were being pressured by Activision to move right into Modern Warfare 2 .
From the document :
" Despite assurances by Activision that West and Zampella would have complete freedom to run Infinity Ward as an independent studio , Activision had begun to intrude upon Infinity Ward 's ability to create quality games .
For example , Activision forced Infinity Ward 's employees to continue producing the games at a break neck pace under aggressive schedules , and West and Zampella were concerned that Activision was emphasizing quantity over quality .
Given Activision 's insistence that Infinity Ward continue to focus on sequels to Call of Duty games instead of new intellectual property , West and Zampella were also concerned that Activision 's demands risked ' burning out ' the Infinity Ward employees ' creativity . "
- Activision eventually convinced West and Zampella to stay with them by offering up a Memorandum of Understanding .
In addition to extending their contracts through to October 2011 , this legally - binding document gave West and Zampella some major financial bonuses as well as a couple other hefty promises .
Chiefly , it gave the two " creative authority over the development of any games under the Modern Warfare brand ( or any Call of Duty game set in the post - Vietnam era , the near future , or the distant future ) including complete control over the Infinity Ward studio . "
In other words , Activision could not publish a Modern Warfare - branded game ( or a Call of Duty game set any time later than Vietnam ) without West and Zampella 's full approval .
The Memorandum also promised the duo the ability to " operate Infinity Ward independently and to choose to develop new intellectual property after they completed Modern Warfare 2 . "
Taken with the implied desire to move on to new things from the quote above , that probably means West and Zampella were n't looking to have Infinity Ward develop Modern Warfare 3 .
- Sometime at the beginning of February or earlier , Activision launched an investigation into West and Zampella that the complaint alleges " was not to uncover any facts concerning any actual wrongdoing , but to manufacture a basis to fire West and Zampella . "
The details get downright scary here , with the duo saying that Activision refused to provide them with specifics on what they were being accused of , " insisting instead in Orwellian fashion that West and Zampella ' already have a clear understanding of what they have or have not done . ' "
The complaint notes that any time West or Zampella questioned the proceedings , they were told that anything but full cooperation would be counted as insubordination , thus justifying the firing in and of itself .
Activision supposedly demanded access to their personal computers and cell phones and interrogated them for six hours straight in a windowless conference room on Presidents '
Day weekend .
Yikes .
While these accusations have raised an understandable amount of ire from the hardcore gaming community , Chad believes they may not matter as much when the case actually goes to trial :
" There 's two sides to every story .
I 'm sure Activision 's will come out eventually .
When people file a complaint , they often dress it with that sort of rhetoric , because they 're trying to use that document persuasively .
In this case , clearly it 's working .
A lot of people who are viewing the situation seem to be of the opinion that Activision has been acting very shady and unethically , which is something that I think that a lot of people -- particularly gamers -- are likely to feel anyway . "
" Reading the documents , I can understand how one would feel that the situation is unethical or unfair , but a lot of that story is not necessarily relevant to what the ultimate resolution of the claim will be , " Chad continues .
" You may feel that it 's damning , and if all the allegations are true , I would agree with you .
But ultimately a lot of those things are probably largely irrelevant .
What this is gonna come down to is what the contract and this Memorandum of Understanding say . "
Frustratingly , those key pieces of evidence are not likely to be revealed to the public .
In the complaint , West and Zampella have offered to submit the Memorandum of Understanding only once the court has issued a protective order , a common practice for " commercially sensitive documents " ( as Chad puts it ) that will prevent the documents from being released to the public .
Based off of Activision 's early response to the lawsuit and their search for files tying West and Zampella to EA and other competitors , Chad thinks the court 's decision is likely going to come down to a couple of factors .
" There 's this rumor circulating now that West and Zampella may have been going behind Activision 's back and talking to EA or other publishers , " he says .
" Obviously , I have n't seen the contract , but I would guess that sort of courting would have been a violation of the contract if it took place .
A lot of times -- it 's different with all contracts -- but once a side breaches the contract , all bets are off .
If that 's the case , it may be that Activision legally does n't have to live up to its side of the bargain . "
Interestingly , regardless of how sketchy their exit may have been , Chad notes that Activision did n't necessarily do anything wrong in getting rid of West and Zampella , even if many of their accusations are correct .
" At this point , Activision owns Infinity Ward , and they were employees , " Chad says . " I understand that they were very valuable employees , but unless there 's an indication of real wrong - doing , you and I can be fired for any reason .
There does n't need to be a good reason .
Employees are employees at will .
I understand that all of it seems damning and seems unfair , but I think that there 's a lot that 's going to have to come out before the court or a jury is going to be able to make a judgment on these events . "
Chad also suspects that Activision must have had motives for getting rid of West and Zampella beyond the immediately obvious financial reason :
" Obviously , I do n't know what the full situation is , and it may be the case that Activision is acting very shady and engaging in shady business practices .
I do n't know that .
But whatever Activision is saving if they do n't end up paying these royalties -- which it looks like what they 're asking for is $ 36 million -- they would make way more than that by having these guys associated with Modern Warfare 3 .
That 's worth way more than $ 36 million .
I personally have a hard time believing that Activision did this just to save $ 36 million .
I do n't know .
I do n't know the full situation , but I just have a hard time believing that . "
Based off of my own novice understanding of the court complaint and the info Chad has provided , I 'm seeing three likely possibilities beginning to emerge in the case .
Keep in mind that these are purely speculation and in no way represent any definitive truth behind the situation :
a. )
West and Zampella have publicly clashed with Activision before , and the court documents above prove that they were clearly unhappy with some aspects of their relationship with the publisher .
Though their contract tied them to Activision until late 2011 , it 's possible that they actually had begun talking with other publishers about potentially switching teams in the future .
If someone higher up in Activision somehow caught wind of this , it 's feasible that they'd want to move quickly to terminate the duo's contracts .
b. )
The Memorandum of Understanding described in the complaint strongly suggests that West and Zampella intended to begin creating a new intellectual property with Infinity Ward instead of Modern Warfare 3 .
In addition to that potential problem for Activision , if the complaint is correct about what was promised in the Memorandum , the duo also had the power to veto any plans for a Modern Warfare 3 from another developer .
While saving the $ 36 million in royalties is a nice bonus , looking for a way to get rid of West and Zampella may have been a long - term investment for Activision , solidifying their ability to expand and exploit the Modern Warfare and Call of Duty franchises in ways that would n't be possible under the rules of the Memorandum of Understanding that they had signed .
c. )
Perhaps most likely , the truth could be some tangled mix of the above situations , where both party 's dealings and motives are at odds with each other .
Determining who exactly was in the right legally will not be easy .
Whatever the truth ends up being , there 's one question that many gamers will be eager to see resolved :
What 's going to happen to the Modern Warfare franchise ?
I ask Chad if it 's possible that the franchise could end up being taken away from Activision :
" I can definitely imagine a set of circumstances where that would be the case , yes .
[ West and Zampella ] would n't be able to call [ future Modern Warfare games ]
Call of Duty , I do n't think .
I think Activision owns that , though it seems like Infinity Ward has abandoned that trademark anyway .
But depending on what that contract and what the memorandum of understanding say ....
If it really does give these two guys the control over that franchise , then that is what it is .
They could go take it elsewhere if they felt like they needed to , unless Activision has some legal way to prevent it .
I 'm guessing -- although I would n't know for certain -- that when Activision files its answer , there may be counter - claims .
Activision may be suing these guys too . "
We 'll know whether that 's the case when Activision responds to the complaint , which will probably be a few weeks from now .
But we 've still got plenty of time to wait for a conclusion to all of this .
Given the antagonistic relationship between West and Zampella and Activision , Chad does n't expect an out of court settlement is likely .
Barring that , and given the amount of money and the future of the Modern Warfare franchise at stake , " it'll probably be a year or two before it 's resolved if it goes all the way to jury trial . "
Hope you ordered the extra - large tub of popcorn , everyone .
We 've seen lemons power a digital clock , and we 've seen an Orange tent energize a gaggle of Apples .
But have you ever wondered how many oranges it would take to charge just a single Apple ?
Name games aside , we have to hand it to Imperial Leisure , the company that executed a new iPhone - centered advertisement aimed at raising awareness for Jaffa oranges .
We wo n't spoil the whole thing for you , but wesay that you 'll be far hungrier after watching than you are right now .
Video's past the break , per usual .
[ Thanks , forumz ]
Article published on the 2009- 12-18
Following overnight negotiations and a morning session with US President Barack Obama at the Copenhagen Climate Change summit , French President Nicolas Sarkozy urged emerging economies like China and India to break the deadlock and agree to indepdendent verification of their progress towards greenhouse gas commitments .
Sarkozy said there was “ lots of tension ” during negotiations , although he added that , “ things are moving a little ” .
He said that there must be independent verification of how emerging economies like China and India are living up to their commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
He described Europe as “ perfectly united ” with Africa and the US sharing a similar position .
However he added that there was work to be done on firming up commitments for environmental action and finance to developing countries .
RNN +209.09 % PROFIT In 5 Days !
I made a killing this week on RNN !
I cashed out with over $ 39,000 in profits !!
Awesome service .
Loving the constant trading action and profits .
Thank you for the education and your continuous hard work !
OTIV +74.63 % PROFIT
In 8 Days !
I took your advice and picked up OTIV , which paid off big time .
I made $ 25 k profit !!
The value of your service is incomparable to what else is out there .
You obviously care very much about your members and what you do .
Thank you for your dedication and amazing stock picks !
Keep up the great work !
NG +44.00 % PROFIT In 14 Days !
All I can say is ...
WOW !
Just joined last week and I 'm hooked !
I 'm up +43 % in NG with $ 37,500 in profits in just 2 weeks !
Thank you very much for showing me the way to financial freedom and peace of mind .
Your technical analysis is absolutely outstanding .
ABX +19.85 % PROFIT
In 8 Days !
Your charting service is fabulous !
Great call on ABX , that one trade paid for 2 years subscription to your service .
Your market timing is superb .
I love love love your service
GSS +44.00 % PROFIT In 7 Days ! GSS ... amazing !
Just wanted to drop you a line and tell you how impressed I am with your stock picks .
Your trading videos are so addicting ...
Keep 'em coming !
CSUN +36.36 % PROFIT
In 7 Days !
Nice job on CSUN , I cleared around $ 2,000 today .
Best analysis on the web .
I can`t tell you enough how much I have learned from your videos , thanks again !!!
STEM +45.22 % PROFIT
In 3 Days !
Wow , what an amazing morning for me .
Bought shares of STEM at $ 1.57 and sold at $ 2.28 for a profit of $ 26,049 in just 3 days !
Your service is worth it 's weight in platinum !!!
REE +80.00 % PROFIT In 6 Days !
WOOHOO !
Great job on REE !
Your service is the absolute key to my trading success .
I 'm a member for life !
Thanks so much !
MSTX +71.42 % PROFIT
In 7 Days !
Well done on MSTX , I cleared over $ 35 k in 1 week !
Your market forecasts are fantastic !
RNN +209.09 % PROFIT In 5 Days !
I made a killing this week on RNN !
I cashed out with over $ 39,000 in profits !!
Awesome service .
Loving the constant trading action and profits .
Thank you for the education and your continuous hard work !
GSS +44.00 % PROFIT In 7 Days ! GSS ... amazing !
Just wanted to drop you a line and tell you how impressed I am with your stock picks .
Your trading videos are so addicting ...
Keep 'em coming !
CSUN +36.36 % PROFIT
In 7 Days !
Nice job on CSUN , I cleared around $ 2,000 today .
Best analysis on the web .
I can`t tell you enough how much I have learned from your videos , thanks again !!!
ABX +19.85 % PROFIT
In 8 Days !
Your charting service is fabulous !
Great call on ABX , that one trade paid for 2 years subscription to your service .
Your market timing is superb .
I love love love your service
REE +80.00 % PROFIT In 6 Days !
WOOHOO !
Great job on REE !
Your service is the absolute key to my trading success .
I 'm a member for life !
Thanks so much !
OTIV +74.63 % PROFIT
In 8 Days !
I took your advice and picked up OTIV , which paid off big time .
I made $ 25 k profit !!
The value of your service is incomparable to what else is out there .
You obviously care very much about your members and what you do .
Thank you for your dedication and amazing stock picks !
Keep up the great work !
NG +44.00 % PROFIT In 14 Days !
All I can say is ...
WOW !
Just joined last week and I 'm hooked !
I 'm up +43 % in NG with $ 37,500 in profits in just 2 weeks !
Thank you very much for showing me the way to financial freedom and peace of mind .
Your technical analysis is absolutely outstanding .
STEM +45.22 % PROFIT
In 3 Days !
Wow , what an amazing morning for me .
Bought shares of STEM at $ 1.57 and sold at $ 2.28 for a profit of $ 26,049 in just 3 days !
Your service is worth it 's weight in platinum !!!
tayyaba | Dec 18 , 2009 | Comments 3
Advertisements
According to recent research , eating certain foods and food supplements helps in the prevention of certain diseases .
Scientists are now identifying natural chemicals in foods that have power to cure certain diseases .
Not just phytochemicals , minerals and vitamins are involved in such process but also some fruits and vegetables are there that are really helpful in the prevention of certain diseases .
Below is given a nutritional package of 6 foods .
It is believed that when these foods are taken in a balanced way , they are helpful in combating serious ailments like heart disease , diabetes and cancer .
Pistachios
Pistachios are called nutritional powerhouses as they are loaded with fat and are salty .
It is a fact that nuts are high in polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fats , which help to lower bad cholesterol and triglycerides and raise the level of good cholesterol .
In this way , it is involved in reducing the potential risks of heart diseases .
Pistachios also provide a good source of some vitamins in which vitamin E is worth mentioning .
Vitamin E is antioxidant that may combat against cancer .
Nutritional value of pistachios is 160 calories per ounce so pistachios should always be eaten handful not bowlful .
Spinach
Spinach is enriched in Iron and Folate .
Folate actually lowers the blood level of an amino acid , homocysteine which is responsible for heart disease as it irritates blood vessels .
A leading cause of blindness is macular generation .
Spinach contains phytochemicals that can ward off macular generation .
One cup spinach contains just 41 calories so ; you should not worry about excess calories .
Blueberries
Blueberries are good antioxidants and contain phytochemicals called anthocyanins that helps preventing cancer , cardiovascular disease and urinary tract infections .
Among all these benefits , it also boosts up brain power .
Salmon
Salmon is enriched in omega - 3 fats which prevent platelets from clumping together and thus reduces heart disease .
Tomatoes
Lycopene is one of the most powerful antioxidants and tomatoes are high in lycopene .
Lycopene helps reducing prostate cancer .
Tomato ketchup is a richest source and is also a source of vitamin C .
Fiber
If you want to lower your cholesterol and combat against cardiovascular disease then you should start a fiber diet .
Fiber reduces the risk of breast cancer , colon cancer and diabetes .
A diet high in fiber keeps you full with few calories leading to weight loss .
Advertisements
[ Click for full resolution at 1920 × 1200 ]
I really like the Aurora spacey galactic themed wallpapers that come with Snow Leopard , so I was pretty excited when I came across this original background picture on one of our readers websites .
It ’s a great variation of the galaxy theme and looks completely at home on my Mac ’s desktop .
Thanks for my new desktop picture Anton !
Social Change Rockstar : Crystal Yan
Next up in my “ Social Change Rockstar ” series is 17 year old Crystal Yan .
I was looking for young social entrepreneurs on twitter and happily came across her work .
Crystal describes herself as a Trilingual Chinese - American .
She ’s a blogger , graphic designer , and Founder of Torque , Social Startup Summit , What ’s Next , and EconForAll , a curriculum program that makes economics accessible to kids in grades K - 12 .
She is working on a ton of wonderful projects aimed at getting more young people involved in social change , including the book “ What ’s Next : 25 Big Ideas from Gen - Yers Under 25 ” inspired by Seth Godin ’s What Matters Now .
This interview really shed light on her work and drive .
Enjoy !
Tell us about major projects you are working on and your inspiration ?
Right now the major project I ’m working on is What ’s Next : 25 Big Ideas from Gen - Yers Under 25 .
It ’s basically like TED talks in a book , but everyone writing for it is 25 and under .
We ’re curating a free ebook and a special print edition to benefit the favorite charities of our 25 contributors .
If you ’re a young innovator , you should write for us !
If you ’re a little more grown - up , you should suggest someone to us or back us on Kickstarter ( so we can make the print edition happen ) !
We were inspired by Seth Godin ’s What Matters Now .
I ’m also trying to find sponsors to start the inaugural Social Startup Summit , a one - day social venture incubator ( youth come in with vague ideas , and leave with a newly - founded service project and the action plan and resources to start it ) , recruiting high school students for a Gumball Capital microfinance youth leadership program , and working to mobilize 6000 students to raise $ 100,000 and eradicate polio worldwide by June 2010 .
I also do a bit of graphic design and consulting .
If you want to get involved in any of those , email me here : http://www.crystalcyan.com/contact-me.html
What challenges do you face as a young social entrepreneur ?
In terms of legal issues , if I ’m under 18 and I have to have a parent sign five million forms to go on a field trip for school , the same issue comes when I go to conferences and I have to wear the “ do n’t take a picture of me ” sticker because they did n’t know there would be any under 18 attendees so they never sent out a photo release form .
It ’s a bummer , because things like that mean less free publicity for your causes , you know ?
So from that I ’ve learned to just make my own photo releases for those organizations so I can get that PR opportunity and hey , I learned a bit about law beyond watching Law and Order in the process . 🙂
What resources have been helpful to your success ?
Finding mentors is vital to success .
People are your greatest resources .
They can offer you introductions , feedback , and camaraderie when you feel like your friends at school do n’t “ get ” you .
They can help you redefine success .
When you feel like you totally messed up , they turn it around and show how a shortcoming can be a lesson learned .
How do you balance being a high school student and the many projects you are working on ?
Interesting , I seem to get this question a lot .
Funny story : last year , at least five of my friends signed my yearbook with : “ My goodness , you must have snatched a Timeturner from Hermione or something . ” I wish ! 🙂
It ’s tough , especially when you ’re crazy enough to take 4 AP classes .
I think it comes down to identifying what ’s important to you .
I love challenges in academics , so signing up for advanced classes made sense for me since I really like school .
But I also love student organizations , working on creating leadership opportunities for other students , particularly in service and entrepreneurship education .
And then I also love creating my own projects and going out to be a part of tech events in the Silicon Valley startup community , turning crazy scribbles on scraps of paper from 2 am into scalable ideas is so exciting .
My little secret ?
These things often overlap .
I worked with a teacher one year to create service - learning initiatives to blend academic work with service organizations , I bring in my connections from events I ’ve gone to representing my projects back to school to speak at my student org .
It ’s this type of interdisciplinary approach to designing my lifestyle that helps me get stuff done and makes me proud to say the only time I pulled an all - nighter in my life thus far was in the 2nd grade ( which was because I could n’t sleep since I was scared about moving to a new school , not because I was overworked ) .
No lie . 🙂
What advice do you have for other teens who want to be social entrepreneurs ?
Beyond finding mentors , try to also mentor younger students .
Find about five or so people you consider your cheerleaders : your parents , your teachers , your counselors .
Then think about what they ’ve done for you , how much you appreciate them .
Let them know .
Thank them .
And then turn around and find five more people you want to share your insight with : your younger siblings , your friends a couple grades below you .
By empowering other young social entrepreneurs , you can pay it forward and make sure your legacy of awesomeness continues .
You can find her : linkedin.com / in/crystaly or @crystalcy .
You can find a longer bio here : http://crystaly.wordpress.com/bio/
Summary Report for Administrative Review by Tish Elliott - Wilkins Texas Youth Commission , Office of the General Counsel , 14 pp. ( 2005 ) ; available at http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/dws/img/02-07/0218tyc_pages1.pdf
Report of Investigation by Brian Burzynski Texas Department of Public Safety , Texas Ranger Division , redacted version , 229 pp. ( 2005 ) ; available at http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/dws/img/08-07/0805tycrangersreport4.pdf
Sexual Victimization in Juvenile Facilities Reported by Youth , 2008 –09 by Allen J. Beck , Paige M. Harrison , and Paul Guerino Bureau of Justice Statistics , 49 pp. ( 2010 ) ; available at http://bjs.ojp.usdoj.gov/index.cfm?ty=pbdetail&iid=2113
Sexual Victimization in State and Federal Prisons Reported by Inmates , 2007 by Allen J. Beck and Paige M. Harrison Bureau of Justice Statistics , 48 pp. ( 2007 ) ; available at www.ojp.gov/bjs/pub/pdf/svsfpri07.pdf
Sexual Victimization in Local Jails Reported by Inmates , 2007 by Allen J. Beck and Paige M. Harrison Bureau of Justice Statistics , 43 pp. ( 2008 ) ; available at justdetention.org/pdf/svljri07.pdf
National Prison Rape Elimination Commission Report National Prison Rape Elimination Commission , 259 pp. ( 2009 ) ; available at cybercemetery.unt.edu
Adults who want to have sex with children sometimes look for jobs that will make it easy .
They want authority over kids , but no very onerous supervision ; they also want positions that will make them seem more trustworthy than their potential accusers .
Such considerations have infamously led quite a few pedophiles to sully the priesthood over the years , but the priesthood is n’t for everyone .
For some people , moral authority comes less naturally than blunter , more violent kinds .
Ray Brookins worked for the Texas Youth Commission ( TYC ) , the state ’s juvenile detention agency .
In October 2003 , he was hired as head of security at the West Texas State School in Pyote .
Like most TYC facilities , it ’s a remote place .
The land is flat to the horizon , scattered with slowly bobbing oil derricks , and always windy .
It ’s a long way from the families of most kids confined there , who tend to be urban and poor ; a long way from any social services , or even the police .
It must have seemed perfect to Brookins — and also to John Paul Hernandez , who was hired as the school ’s principal around the same time .
Almost immediately , Brookins started pulling students out of their dorms at night , long after curfew , and bringing them to the administration building .
When asked why , he said it was for cleaning .
1
In fact , according to official charges , for sixteen months Brookins and Hernandez molested the children in their care : in offices and conference rooms , in dorms and darkened broom closets and , at night , out in the desert .
The boys tried to tell members of the staff they trusted ; they also tried , both by letter and through the school ’s grievance system , to tell TYC officials in Austin .
They did so knowing that they might be retaliated against physically , and worse , knowing that if Brookins caught them complaining he could and would extend their confinement , 2 and keep on abusing them . 3
They did so because they were desperate .
But they were ignored by the authorities who should have intervened : both those running the school and those running the Texas Youth Commission .
4
Nor did other officials of the TYC who were informed by school staff about molestation take action .
Finally , in late February 2005 , a few of the boys approached a volunteer math tutor named Marc Slattery .
Something “ icky ” was going on , they said .
Slattery knew it would be futile to go to school authorities — his parents , also volunteers , had previously told the superintendent of their own suspicions , and were “ brow beat ” for making allegations without proof5 — so the next morning he called the Texas Rangers . 6
A sergeant named Brian Burzynski made the ninety - minute drive from his office in Fort Stockton that afternoon .
“ I saw kids with fear in their eyes , ” he testified later , “ kids who knew they were trapped in an institution where the system would not respond to their cries for help . ”
7
Slattery had only reported complaints against Brookins , not against Hernandez , but talking to the boys , Burzynski quickly realized that the principal was also a suspect .
( Hernandez , it seems , was less of a bully than Brookins .
When a boy resisted Brookins ’s advances in 2004 , he was shackled in an isolation cell for thirteen hours .
8
Hernandez preferred to cajole students into sex with offers of chocolate cake , or help getting into college , or a place to stay after they were released .
9 ) The two men were suspended and their homes searched — at which point it was discovered that Brookins was living on school grounds with a sixteen - year - old , who was keeping some of Brookins ’s “ vast quantity of pornographic materials ” under his bed.10 Suspected semen samples were taken from the carpet , furniture , and walls of Brookins ’s office .
He quickly resigned .
In April , Hernandez was told he would be fired , whereupon he too resigned .
When the TYC received Burzynski ’s findings , it launched its own investigation .
The internal report this produced was deeply flawed .
Investigators did n’t interview or blame senior administrators in Austin , though many of them had seen the warning signs and explicit claims of abuse at Pyote .
But agency officials saw how damning the story was .
Neither their report nor Burzynski’s was made public .
11
The Rangers forwarded Burzynski’s report to Randall Reynolds , the local district attorney , but he did nothing .
Even though it ’s a crime in all fifty states for corrections staff to have sex with inmates of any age , prosecutors rarely bring charges in such cases .
For a time , from the TYC ’s perspective , the problem seemed to go away .
The agency suspended Lemuel “ Chip ” Harrison , the superintendent of the school , for ninety days after concluding its investigation — he had ignored complaints about Brookins and Hernandez from many members of the staff — but then it promoted him , making him director of juvenile corrections .
Brookins found a job at a hotel in Austin , and Hernandez , astonishingly , became principal of a charter school in Midland .
Rumors have a way of spreading , though , however slowly .
Eventually some reporters started digging , and on February 16 , 2007 , Nate Blakeslee broke the story in The Texas Observer .
Doug Swanson followed three days later in The Dallas Morning News , starting an extraordinary run of investigative reporting in that paper : forty articles on abuse and mismanagement in the TYC by the end of March 2007 , and to date more than seventy .
12 Pyote was only the beginning .
The TYC ’s culture was thoroughly corrupt : rot had spread to all thirteen of its facilities .
Since January 2000 , it turned out , juvenile inmates had filed more than 750 complaints of sexual misconduct by staff .
Even that number was generally thought to underrepresent the true extent of such abuse , because most children were too afraid to report it : TYC staff commonly had their favorite inmates beat up those who complained .
And even when they did file grievances , the kids knew it was unlikely to do them much good .
Reports were frequently sabotaged , evidence routinely destroyed .13
In the same six - year period , ninety - two TYC staff had been disciplined or fired for sexual contact with inmates , which can be a felony .
( One wonders just how blatant they must have been . )
But again , as children ’s advocate Isela Gutierrez put it , “ local prosecutors do n’t consider these kids to be their constituents .
” 14 Although five of the ninety - two were “ convicted of lesser charges related to sexual misconduct , ” all received probation or had their cases deferred .
Not one agency employee in those six years was sent to prison for sexually abusing a confined child .
15
And despite fierce public outrage at the scandal , neither Brookins nor Hernandez has yet faced trial .
In the face of overwhelming evidence , but with recent history making their convictions unlikely , both claim innocence .
Texas is hardly the only state with a troubled juvenile justice system .
In 2004 , the Department of Justice investigated a facility in Plainfield , Indiana , where kids sexually abused each other so often and in such numbers that staff created flow charts to track the incidents .
The victims were frequently as young as twelve or thirteen ; investigators found “ youths weighing under seventy pounds who engaged in sexual acts with youths who weighed as much as 100 pounds more than them .
” 16 A youth probation officer in Oregon was arrested the same year on more than seventy counts of sex crimes against children , and one of his victims hanged himself .
17 In Florida in 2005 , corrections officers housed a severely disabled fifteen - year - old boy whose IQ was 32 with a seventeen - year - old sex offender , giving the seventeen - year - old the job of bathing him and changing his diaper .
Instead , the seventeen - year - old raped him repeatedly .
18
The list of such stories goes on and on .
After each of them was made public , it was possible for officials to contend that they reflected anomalous failings of a particular facility or system .
But a report just issued on January 7 by the Bureau of Justice Statistics ( BJS ) should change that .
Mandated by the Prison Rape Elimination
Act of 2003 ( PREA ) , and easily the largest and most authoritative study of the issue ever conducted , it makes clear that the crisis of sexual abuse in juvenile detention is nationwide .
Across the country , 12.1 percent of kids questioned in the BJS survey said that they ’d been sexually abused at their current facility during the preceding year .
That ’s nearly one in eight , or approximately 3,220 , out of the 26,550 who were eligible to participate .
The survey , however , was only given at large facilities that held young people who had been “ adjudicated ” — i.e. , found by a court to have committed an offense — for at least ninety days , which is more restrictive than it may sound .
In total , according to the most recent data , there are nearly 93,000 kids in juvenile detention on any given day .
19 Although we ca n’t assume that 12.1 percent of the larger number were sexually abused — many kids not covered by the survey are held for short periods of time , or in small facilities where rates of abuse are somewhat lower — we can say confidently that the BJS ’s 3,220 figure represents only a small fraction of the children sexually abused in detention every year .
What sort of kids get locked up in the first place ?
Only 34 percent of those in juvenile detention are there for violent crimes .
( More than 200,000 youth are also tried as adults in the US every year , and on any given day approximately 8,500 kids under eighteen are confined in adult prisons and jails .
Although probably at greater risk of sexual abuse than any other detained population , they have n’t yet been surveyed by the BJS . )
According to the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission , which was itself created by PREA , more than 20 percent of those in juvenile detention were confined for technical offenses such as violating probation , or for “ status offenses ” like missing curfews , truancy , or running away — often from violence and abuse at home .
( “ These kids have been raped their whole lives , ” said a former officer from the TYC’s Brownwood unit.20 )
Many suffer from mental illness , substance abuse , and learning disabilities .
Fully 80 percent of the sexual abuse reported in the study was committed not by other inmates but by staff .
And surprisingly , 95 percent of the youth making such allegations said that they were victimized by female staff .
Sixty - four percent of them reported at least one incident of sexual contact with staff in which no force or explicit coercion was used .
Staff caught having sex with inmates often claim it ’s consensual .
But staff have enormous control over inmates ’ lives .
They can give inmates privileges , such as extra food or clothing or the opportunity to wash , and they can punish them : everything from beatings to solitary confinement to extended detention .
The notion of a truly consensual relationship in such circumstances is grotesque even when the inmate is not a child .
Nationally , however , fewer than half of the corrections officials whose sexual abuse of juveniles is confirmed are referred for prosecution , and almost none are seriously punished .
A quarter of all known staff predators in state youth facilities are allowed to keep their positions .
21
The biggest risk factor found in the study was prior abuse .
Some 65 percent of kids who had been sexually assaulted at another corrections facility were also assaulted at their current one .
In prison culture , even in juvenile detention , after an inmate is raped for the first time he is considered “ turned out , ” and fair game for further abuse .
22 Eighty - one percent of juveniles sexually abused by other inmates were victimized more than once , and 32 percent more than ten times .
Forty - two percent were assaulted by more than one person .
Of those victimized by staff , 88 percent had been abused repeatedly , 27 percent more than ten times , and 33 percent by more than one facility employee .
Those who responded to the survey had been in their facilities for an average of 6.3 months .
Just as the BJS report on sexual abuse in juvenile detention facilities shows that problems like the ones at Pyote are n’t limited to Texas , two previous BJS reports , on the incidence of sexual abuse in adult prisons and jails , show that abuses in juvenile detention are only a small part of a much larger human rights problem in this country .
Published in December 2007 and June 2008 , these were extensive studies : they surveyed a combined total of 63,817 inmates in 392 different facilities .
Sexual abuse in detention is difficult to measure .
Prisoners sometimes make false allegations , but sometimes , knowing that true confidentiality is almost nonexistent behind bars and fearing retaliation , they decide not to disclose abuse .
Although those who responded to the BJS surveys remained anonymous , it seems likely , on balance , that the studies underestimate the incidence of prisoner rape .
23
But even taken at face value , they reveal much more systemic abuse than has been generally recognized or admitted .
Using a snapshot technique — surveying a random sample 24 of those incarcerated on a given day and then extrapolating only from those numbers — the BJS found that 4.5 percent of the nation ’s prisoners , i.e. , inmates who have been convicted of felonies and sentenced to more than a year , had been sexually abused in the facilities at which they answered the questionnaire during the preceding year : approximately 60,500 people .
Moreover , 3.2 percent of jail inmates — i.e. , people who were awaiting trial or serving short sentences — had been sexually abused in their facilities over the preceding six months , meaning an estimated total , out of those jailed on the day of the survey , of 24,700 nationwide .25
Both studies divide these reports of abuse in two different ways .
They ask whether the perpetrator was another inmate or one of the facility ’s staff .
And they differentiate between willing and unwilling sexual contact with staff , although recognizing that it is always illegal for staff to have sex with inmates .
Similarly , they distinguish between “ abusive sexual contact ” from other inmates , or unwanted sexual touching , and what most people would call rape .
The results are summarized in Tables 1 and 2 .
Overall , the more severe forms of abuse outnumber the lesser ones in both surveys .
And the reported perpetrators in both jails and prisons , as in juvenile detention , are more often staff than inmates .
The prison survey estimates not only the number of people abused , but the instances of abuse .
In our opinion , the BJS ’s methodology here undercounts the true number .
Inmates who said they had been sexually abused were asked how many times .
Their options were 1 , 2 , 3 – 10 , and 11 times or more ; that answers of “ 3–10 ” were assigned a value of 5 , and “ 11 or more ” a value of 12 .
We know of no reason to think that answers of “ 3–10 ” should be skewed so far toward the low end of the range , however — and inmates are sometimes raped many more than twelve times .
Bryson Martel , for example :
When I went to prison , I was twenty - eight years old , I weighed 123 pounds , and I was scared to death … .
[ Later ]
I had to list all the inmates who sexually assaulted me , and I came up with 27 names .
Sometimes just one inmate assaulted me , and sometimes they attacked me in groups .
It went on almost every day for the nine months I spent in that facility .
Because of these attacks , Martel contracted HIV .
“ You never heal emotionally , ” he said .26
Methodology aside , though , this question about frequency was an important one to ask , precisely because rape in prison is so often serial , and so often gang rape .
27 The BJS estimates that there were 165,400 instances of sexual abuse in state and federal prisons over the period of its study , an average of about two and a half for every victim .
Had it made a similar estimate on the basis of data from its youth study using the same method , it would have found that juvenile victims were abused an average of six times each .
Especially when thinking about the effects on a child , it ’s awful to realize that these numbers are probably too low .
What little attention the BJS reports on adult victims have received in the press has so far mostly been devoted to the prison study , not the one on jails .
On June 23 , 2009 , the day the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission released its report , both The New York Times and The Washington Post ran editorials praising it , and both referred to the 60,500 number as if that represented the yearly national total for all inmates .
28 However , we believe that these papers missed the true implication of the BJS reports , and that the jail study is the more important of the two .
This is partly because the study of jails answers more questions , and does more to help us understand the dynamics of sexual abuse in detention — beginning with the racial dynamics .
29
Of white jail inmates , 1.8 percent reported sexual abuse by another inmate , whereas 1.3 percent of black inmates did .
But when considering staff - on - inmate abuse , the situation is reversed .
1.5 percent of white inmates reported such incidents , but 2.1 percent of black inmates did .
Overall , a black inmate is more likely to suffer sexual abuse in detention than a white one , 3.2 percent to 2.9 percent .
The study did not report the race of perpetrators .
30
Advocates have long known that victims of sexual abuse in detention tend to be those perceived as unable to defend themselves , and the jail study confirms this .
Women were more likely to report abuse than men.31
Younger inmates are more likely to be abused than older ones , gay inmates much more than straight ones , and people who had been abused at a previous facility most of all .
( See Table 3 for more detail . )
Those targeted for abuse are also likely to be vulnerable in ways the BJS did not address in this report .
Often they have mental disabilities or mental illness ,32 they are disproportionately likely to be first - time and nonviolent offenders ,33 and most simply , they are likely to be small .
34
Nearly 62 percent of all reported incidents of staff sexual misconduct involved female staff and male inmates .
Female staff were involved in 48 percent of staff - on - inmate abuse in which the inmates were unwilling participants .
The rates at which female staff seem to abuse male inmates , in jails and in juvenile detention , clearly warrant further study .
Of the women in jail , 3.7 percent reported inmate - on - inmate sexual abuse ; 1.3 percent of men did .
Does this mean that women are more likely to abuse each other behind bars than men , or that they ’re more willing to admit abuse ?
We do n’t know — but if they ’re simply more willing to admit abuse , then the BJS findings on men may have to be multiplied dramatically .
There is another , starker reason why the jail study is the most important .
Jail is where most inmates get raped .
On first glance at the reports it does n’t look this way .
But — and this is what the press seems to have missed — because the BJS numbers come from snapshot surveys , they represent only a fraction of those incarcerated every year .
People move in and out of jail very quickly .
The number of annual jail admissions is approximately seventeen times higher than the jail population on any given day .35
To get the real number of those sexually abused in jails over the course of a year , however , we ca n’t simply multiply 24,700 by seventeen .
Many people go to jail repeatedly over the course of a year ; the number of people who go to jail every year is quite different from the number of admissions .
Surprisingly , no official statistics are kept on the number of people jailed annually .
36
We ’ve heard a very well - informed but off - the - record estimate that it is approximately nine times as large as the daily jail population , but we ca n’t yet be confident about that .
Even if we could , though , we still could n’t just multiply 24,700 by nine .
Further complicating the matter , snapshot techniques like the BJS ’s will disproportionately count those with longer sentences .
If Joe is jailed for one week and Bill for two , Bill is twice as likely to be in jail on the day of the survey .
Presumably , the longer you spend in jail , the more chance you have of being raped there .
But even that is not as simple as it seems .
Because those raped behind bars tend to fit such an identifiable profile — to be young , small , mentally ill , etc. — they are quickly recognized as potential victims .
Very likely , they will be raped soon after the gate closes behind them , and repeatedly after that .
The chance of being raped after a week in jail is likely not so different from the chance of being raped after a month .
Probably more significant ( at least , statistically ) is the difference in the number of times an inmate is likely to be raped .
What is the right multiple — are five , six , seven times 24,700 people molested and raped in jail every year ?
We do n’t know yet , but we hope to soon .
PREA requires the BJS to conduct its surveys annually .
The BJS has revised its questionnaire to ask those who report abuse how long after they were jailed the first incident took place ; it is also collecting data on the number of people jailed every year and the lengths of time they serve .
Together , this new information should lead to much better estimates .
We do know already that all the BJS numbers published so far , which add up to almost 90,000 , represent only a small portion of those sexually abused in detention every year .
And that is without even considering immigration detention , or our vast system of halfway houses , rehab centers , and other community corrections facilities .
Nor does it include Native American tribal detention facilities operated by the Bureau of Indian Affairs or corrections facilities in the territories .
In 1994 , in Farmer v. Brennan , the Supreme Court angrily declared that “ having stripped [ inmates ] of virtually every means of self - protection and foreclosed their access to outside aid , the government and its officials are not free to let the state of nature take its course . ”
Rape , wrote Justice David Souter , is “ simply not ‘ part of the penalty ' ” we impose in our society .
37
But for many hundreds of thousands of men , women , and children , whether they were convicted of felonies or misdemeanors or simply awaiting trial , it has been .
Most often , their assailants have been the very agents of the government who were charged with protecting them .
Beyond the physical injuries often sustained during an assault,38 and beyond the devastating , lifelong psychological damage inflicted on survivors , rape in prison spreads diseases , including HIV.39
Of all inmates , 95 percent are eventually released40 — more than 1.5 million every year carrying infectious diseases , many of them sexually communicable 41 — and they carry their trauma and their illnesses with them , back to their families and their communities .
Prisoner rape is one of this country ’s most widespread human rights problems , and arguably its most neglected .
Frustratingly , heartbreakingly — but also hopefully — if only we had the political will , we could almost completely eliminate it .
In the second part of this essay we will discuss the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission ’s report , which analyzes the dynamics and consequences of prisoner rape , shows how sexual abuse can be and in many cases already is being prevented in detention facilities across the country , and proposes standards for its prevention , detection , and response .
Those standards are now with US Attorney General Eric Holder , who by law has until June 23 , 2010 , to review them before issuing them formally , following which they will become nationally binding .
We will discuss the attorney general ’s troubling review process , the opposition of some corrections officials to the commission ’s standards , and why some important corrections leaders are so resistant to change .
— February 10 , 2010
The text on the poster says , " Pedobear lurks everywhere " in Polish .
Vanessa Di Gregorio
~
For an intern at a literary agency , there is nothing more annoying than opening up a manuscript , thinking it has potential , and seeing the story veer off into something that does n’t work – and having this something be the same with almost every other single manuscript .
And what is this annoying thing that just does n’t work ?
Male characters who are attractive .
What do I have against attractive men , you ask ?
Well … nothing really , I suppose – except when it comes to writing ; then , pretty much EVERYTHING is wrong with attractive guys .
You see , the majority of partials that I read are YA .
The majority of books I read on my spare time are YA .
Savannah has mentioned an epidemic ; this one that I ’ve come across is frightening ( and I ’m sure you ’ve noticed it , too ) .
I ’m talking about the Twilight epidemic that is attractive male figures .
Okay , so I will be the first to admit that I enjoyed reading Twilight ( except for the last book ; more on that another time ) .
But the aftermath of Twilight has led to a genre of YA that is beginning to all look the same : paranormal romance .
Now , I like some paranormal romance every now and then .
I ’m not trying to bash it .
What I am going to bash , however , is the constant stream of weak female and / or plain Jane protagonists who meet sexy yet nice males that make me want to gag .
I ’m talking about the Ideal Man .
Here is what I think is wrong with this picture .
Everyone is doing this .
And I mean EVERYONE .
It ’s like …
Harlequin for teens ( not bashing Harlequin either , but I think YA paranormal romance should n’t ALL be so harlequin - like ) .
And it ’s starting to get a bit old .
Why do these guys need to be drop - dead gorgeous ?
No , seriously .
WHY ?!
Think about this for a second .
Does this make them more likeable ?
Or more talented ?
Or a better person ?
Physically , sure … but that is n’t the only reason a girl should end up with a guy .
Looks fade ( unless you ’re a vampire – and I do n’t even want to go into the whole cliché vampire thing now ) .
Is it necessary for them to have this inane ability to make females go weak in the knees , or salivate upon looking into their eyes ?
No ( unless they are evil and attempting to brainwash your protagonist with lust in order to rule the world … or something ) .
It really is n’t necessary to mention their drop - dead good looks if they are n’t causing women to actually drop dead .
Chances are , that uber hot guy with the dreamy green eyes is pretty 2 - dimensional as a character .
Gorgeous AND sweet ?
Uh… Idealistic much ?
Okay , so maybe there are gorgeous guys out there who are n’t pricks .
But chances are they are n’t perfect .
They are n’t eco-friendly AND smart AND nice AND super sexy AND good cooks AND in love with the average - looking female protagonist .
They need to have flaws .
Every character needs to have flaws .
ESPECIALLY the good - looking ones .
It ’s the only way to make them complex and INTERESTING .
And if they are n’t nice ?
Well , why do I need to know that he ’s attractive ?
If you ’re writing realistic / urban YA set in high school , then go nuts – that ’s what high school is : staring at and comparing hot guys .
But if you ’re writing sci- fi or fantasy or whatnot , then why do I need to know how super good - looking he is ?
Answer : I DON’T. Really .
I do n’t mind physical descriptions ( as long as they are n’t mentioning his “ muscular arms ” as he leans over a counter ) .
If I need to know that he ’s muscular ( ie . he is a trained fighter , or it makes him intimidating or something ) , then fine .
That makes sense .
If you ’re writing Harlequin , then fine .
But otherwise , let ’s calm down with the obvious “ sexy ” descriptions .
It can make your writing a bit tacky .
Did I mention just how boring perfect guys are ?
YAWN .
I mean , is n’t personality SO much more important anyways ?
Sure , let us know that he ’s blonde with blue eyes and that he has a slight build – fine .
But do n’t then say that , “ she tried not to notice his attractiveness ” or , “ she was at a loss for words – he was gorgeous ” , or something equally as ridiculous .
COME ON .
Seriously ?
I DON ’T CARE .
In fact , 9/10 times I ’ve come across a super gorgeous guy who leaves the female protagonist speechless or whatever , I ’ve been turned off and end up saying that I think it needs a rewrite before it is resubmitted ( the one exception was because there was a good reason for his attractiveness – it added to the plot ) .
The whole “ ideal guy ” is getting very old , very fast .
And is too cliché .
If there is n’t a reason plot - wise to mention how attractive he is , then do n’t .
I ’m sure by the end , if he ends up being the romantic love interest , we ’ll all think he ’s gorgeous .
We just do n’t need you spelling it out for us .
We ’re not dumb .
We get it .
So the “ Ideal Sexy Male ” is not always so ideal .
It will probably make your story a lot weaker than it is , and will make your characters a lot weaker than they are .
And not just your sexy male character ; your female protagonist will also be a much weaker character if all she notices the first time she meets said gorgeous boy is his attractiveness .
There needs to be SOMETHING other than his abs or his eyes .
So I want everyone to do me a huge favor , and just stop with the attractive guys already .
I do n’t need to know , and your readers do n’t need to know .
Your work will be so much better without him .
~~~
Vanessa is an intern at The Rights Factory , a literary agency located in Toronto .
She is also taking courses in a publishing program , and is trying to figure out where in the world of publishing she wants to end up in .
Currently , she is working on a YA fantasy novel and a Children ’s non-fiction series .
A Kent man aiming to photograph every football ground in England has visited more than 2,400 venues across the country over the past 12 years .
Scott Poleykett , 22 , of Maidstone , said he has travelled over 50,000 miles and has so far photographed 2,456 grounds .
The Ebbsfleet FC supporter now claims to have visited every ground in the country , both professional and amateur .
" Some people think it 's an amazing achievement , " he said .
" Others think you are a bit strange and a bit odd . "
' An obsession ' Mr Poleykett has not just focussed on visiting the bases of the country 's major professional clubs , he has also photographed playing fields and small club venues belonging to amateur teams .
He began his hobby 12 years ago when he photographed the old Wembley Stadium with his father .
Afterwards he bought a picture book with information about every football ground in the country .
Scott Poleykett now intends to visit more overseas grounds " It led to a bit of an obsession , " he said .
At first , he travelled to grounds with his parents to develop his growing collection .
" It 's a hobby that takes a lot of travelling and time and money .
In my younger days my mum and dad had a high petrol bill , " he said .
" Every half term I would plan my route and rather than go on holiday to Spain you 'd end up going to Birmingham or something like that , on a housing estate taking photographs of football stadiums .
" The trouble is now when I go to Spain , I still have to go and see a football stadium wherever I go . "
The unusual pastime has since taken Mr Poleykett to 36 countries , as far afield as Iceland and Morocco .
The children 's entertainer now has his sights set on photographing the remaining grounds in the British Isles and reaching a milestone of 1,000 in other countries .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tomgram : Engelhardt , The Afghan Mask Slips
Explain Something to Me
Fixing What 's Wrong in Washington ... in Afghanistan
By Tom Engelhardt
Explain something to me .
In recent months , unless you were insensate , you could n’t help running across someone talking , writing , speaking , or pontificating about how busted government is in the United States .
State governments are increasingly broke and getting broker .
The federal government , while running up the red ink , is , as just about everyone declares , “ paralyzed ” and so incapable of acting intelligently on just about anything .
Only the other day , no less a personage than Vice President Biden assured the co-anchor of the CBS Early Show , “ Washington , right now , is broken . "
Indiana Senator Evan Bayh used the very same word , broken , when he announced recently that he would not run for reelection and , in response to his decision , Washington Post media critic Howard Kurtz typically commented , “ The system has been largely dysfunctional for nearly two decades , and everybody knows it . ”
Voters seem to agree .
Two words , “ polarization ” and “ gridlock ” -- or hyperbolic cousins like “ paralyzing hyperpartisanship ” -- dominate the news when the media describes that dysfunctionalism .
Foreign observers have been similarly struck , hence a spate of pieces like the one in the British magazine the Economist headlined , “ America ’s Democracy , A Study in Paralysis . ”
Washington ’s incapacity to govern now evidently seems to ever more Americans at the root of many looming problems .
As the New York Times summed up one of them in a recent headline : “ Party Gridlock in Washington Feeds Fear of a Debt Crisis . ”
When President Obama leaves the confines of Washington for the campaign trail , he promptly attacks congressional “ gridlock ” and the “ slash and burn politics ” that have left the nation ’s capital tied in knots .
And he has an obvious point since , when he had a 60 - vote supermajority in the Senate , congressional Democrats and the White House still could n’t get their act together and pass health - care reform , not even after a year of discussion , debate , and favors trading , not even as the train wreck of the Massachusetts election barreled toward them .
These days the Democrats may not even be a party , which means their staggering Senate majority has really been a majority of next to nothing .
The Republicans , who ran us into this ditch in the Bush years , are now perfectly happy to be the party of “ no ” -- and the polls seem to show that it ’s a fruitful strategy for the 2010 election .
Meanwhile , special interests rule Washington and lobbying is king .
As if to catch the spirit of this new reality , the president recently offered his vote of support to the sort of Wall Street CEOs who took Americans to the cleaners in the great economic meltdown of 2008 and are once again raking in the millions , while few have faith that change or improvement of any kind is in our future .
Good governance , in other words , no longer seems part of the American tool kit and way of life .
Meanwhile , on the other side of the planet , to the tune of billions of taxpayer dollars , the U.S. military is promoting “ good governance ” with all its might .
In a major campaign in the modest - sized city of Marja ( a place next to no one had heard of two weeks ago ) in Taliban - controlled Helmand Province , Afghanistan , it ’s placing a bet on its ability to “ restore the credibility ” of President Hamid Karzai ’s government .
In the process , it plans to unfurl a functioning city administration where none existed .
According to its commanding general , Stanley McChrystal , as soon as the U.S. Army and the Marines , along with British troops and Afghan forces , have driven the Taliban out of town , he ’s prepared to roll out an Afghan “ government in a box , ” including police , courts , and local services .
The U.S. military is intent , according to the Wall Street Journal , on “ delivering a new administration and millions of dollars in aid to a place where government employees did n't dare set foot a week ago . ”
Slated to be the future “ mayor ” of Marja , Haji Zahir , a businessman who spent 15 years in Germany , is , according to press reports , living on a U.S. Marine base in the province until , one day soon , the American military can install him in an “ abandoned government building ” or simple " a clump of ruins " in that city .
He is , we ’re told , to arrive with four U.S. civilian advisors , two from the State Department and two from the U.S. Agency for International Development , described ( in the typically patronizing language of American press reports ) as his “ mentors . ”
They are to help him govern , and especially dole out the millions of dollars that the U.S. military has available to “ reconstruct ” Marja .
Road - building projects are to be launched , schools refurbished , and a new clinic built , all to win Pashtun “ hearts and minds . ”
As soon as the fighting abates , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs has suggested , the post - military emphasis will be on “ economic development , ” with an influx of “ military and civilian workers ” who will " show a better way of life " to the town 's inhabitants .
So explain something to me :
Why does the military of a country convinced it 's becoming ungovernable think itself so capable of making another ungovernable country governable ?
What ’s the military ’s skill set here ?
What lore , what body of political knowledge , are they drawing on ?
Who do they think they represent , the Philadelphia of 1776 or the Washington of 2010 , and if the latter , why should Americans be considered the globe ’s leading experts in good government anymore ?
And while we ’re at it , fill me in on one other thing :
Just what has convinced American officials in Afghanistan and the nation ’s capital that they have the special ability to teach , prod , wheedle , bribe , or force Afghans to embark on good governance in their country if we ca n’t do it in Washington or Sacramento ?
Explain something else to me :
Why are our military and civilian leaders so confident that , after nine years of occupying the world ’s leading narco - state , nine years of reconstruction boondoggles and military failure , they suddenly have the key , the formula , to solve the Afghan mess ?
Why do leading officials suddenly believe they can make Afghan President Hamid Karzai into “ a Winston Churchill who can rally his people , ” as one unnamed official told Matthew Rosenberg and Peter Spiegel of the Wall Street Journal -- and all of this only months after Karzai , returned to office in a wildly fraudulent presidential election , overseeing a government riddled with corruption and drug money , and honeycombed with warlords sporting derelict reputations , was considered a discredited figure in Washington ?
And why do they think they can turn a man known mockingly as the “ mayor ” or “ president ” of Kabul ( because his government has so little influence outside the capital ) into a political force in southern Afghanistan ?
And someone tell me : Just who picked the name Operation Moshtarak for the campaign in Marja ?
Why am I not convinced that it was an Afghan ?
Though news accounts say that the word means “ togetherness ” in Dari , why do I think that a better translation might be “ crushing embrace ” ?
What could “ togetherness ” really mean when , according to the Wall Street Journal , to make the final decision to launch the operation , already long announced , General McChrystal “ stepped into his armored car for the short drive ... to the presidential palace , ” and reportedly roused President Karzai from a nap for “ a novel moment . ”
Karzai agreed , of course , supposedly adding , “ No one has ever asked me to decide before . ”
This is a black comedy of “ governance . ”
So is the fact that , from the highest administration officials and military men to those in the field , everyone speaks , evidently without the slightest self - consciousness , about putting an “ Afghan face ” on the Marja campaign .
The phrase is revelatory and oddly blunt .
As an image , there 's really only one way to understand it ( not that the Americans involved would ever stop to do so ) .
After all , what does it mean to " put a face " on something that assumedly already has a face ?
In this case , it has to mean putting an Afghan mask over what we know to be the actual " face " of the Afghan War , which is American .
National Security Adviser James Jones , for instance , spoke of the Marja campaign having “ ' a much bigger Afghan face , ' with two Afghans for every one U.S. soldier involved . ”
And this way of thinking is so common that news reports regularly use the phrase , as in a recent Associated Press story : “ Military officials say they are learning from past mistakes .
The offensive is designed with an ' Afghan face . ' "
And here ’s something else I ’d like explained to me :
Why does the U.S. press , at present so fierce about the lack of both “ togetherness ” and decent governance in Washington , report this sort of thing without comment , even though it reflects the deepest American contempt for putative “ allies ” ?
Why , for instance , can those same Wall Street Journal reporters write without blinking : “ Western officials also are bringing Afghan cabinet members into strategy discussions , allowing them to select the officials who will run Marjah once it is cleared of Taliban , and pushing them before the cameras to emphasize the participation of Afghan troops in the offensive ” ?
Allow ?
Push ?
Is this what we mean by “ togetherness ” ?
Try to imagine all this in reverse -- an Afghan general motoring over to the White House to wake up the president and ask whether an operation , already announced and ready to roll , can leave the starting gate ?
But why go on ?
Just explain this to me :
Why are the representatives of Washington , civilian and military , always so tone deaf when it comes to other peoples and other cultures ?
Why is it so hard for them to imagine what it might be like to be in someone else ’s shoes ( or boots or sandals ) ?
Why do they always arrive not just convinced that they have identified the right problems and are asking the right questions , but that they , and only they , have the right answers , when at home they seem to have none at all ?
Thinking about this , I wonder what kind of “ face ” should be put on global governance in Washington ?
Tom Engelhardt , co-founder of the American Empire Project , runs the Nation Institute 's TomDispatch.com .
He is the author of The World According to TomDispatch : America in the New Age of Empire ( Verso , 2008 ) , an alternative history of the mad Bush years .
[ Note on further reading :
The single best piece I ’ve seen suggesting answers to some of the questions raised above is Andrew Bacevich ’s “ Government - in - a - box in Marja , ” in last week ’s Los Angeles Times .
As ever , I recommend that , on war and peace subjects across the Middle East , Central , and South Asia , you check out Juan Cole ’s Informed Comment blog ( never to be missed ) , Antiwar.com ( an invaluable daily resource ) , and the War in Context website , which I ’ve always relied on and which now exists in a new , more focused iteration .
( It has been riveting lately as it follows the spreading scandal surrounding the assassination in Dubai of a senior Hamas military commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh . ) ]
Copyright 2010 Tom Engelhardt
SPRINGFIELD – Even before the videotape surfaced of a Nov. 27 arrest which shows him striking a drug suspect with a flashlight , the record of police misconduct allegations involving patrolman Jeffrey M. Asher was coming under increased scrutiny .
Details of the Police Department ’s handling of seven civilian complaints brought against Asher over the past 12 years will play a role in the defense of New York man accused of assaulting Asher during his arrest at a downtown club in October 2008 .
The Police Department internal investigations records about Asher were turned over in November by the city to a lawyer for Raymond Bessette , 34 , of North Granville , N.Y.
Bessette is due to face trial on Jan. 22 in District Court where he has pleaded innocent to charges of assault and battery on a police officer and trespassing .
He may claim self - defense , his lawyer Frank Flannery advised the court in filings .
Flannery was successful in seeking access to the Police Department internal investigations records for Asher , including those involving incidents in which the 16 - year veteran was charged with using excessive force and inappropriate conduct .
Asher is now among four officers under both internal and criminal investigations in connection with the Nov. 27 arrest of Melvin Jones III during a traffic stop on Rifle Street .
Asher was identified in a police report of that incident as having struck Jones repeatedly during a scuffle which ensued when the suspect tried to flee the scene and then grabbed another officer ’s gun .
According to a police report of the Oct. 19 , 2008 , incident , police were called to the Salty Dog club at 280 Bridge St. Asher and another officer were taking Bessette , who they said was drunk and disruptive , out of the club shortly after midnight when Bessette struck Asher open - handed in the chest , according to the report .
The report states that as the police officers were escorting Bessette from the bar he lost his footing and fell in the parking lot outside , getting a minor scrape .
In preparation for trial , Flannery filed a motion asking that the city be ordered to provide all internal investigation records about Asher for seven different incidents , including the 1997 case in which Asher and the department drew national attention .
In that case , Asher was also caught on videotape , kicking a suspect in the head while he was restrained by other officers .
District Court Judge Jacques C. Leroy ordered the city to provide the records .
Only the defense can look at the records , and they are sealed from public review , according to the judge ’s order .
Flannery confirmed that he has seen the records but declined to comment further .
The defense filing states that Bessette says he never struck Asher .
Bessette claims
Asher struck him in the shoulder with his fist , shoved him down a hallway and then threw him through swinging doors , according to the court document .
In the most recent incident involving Asher , the suspect , the 28 - year - old Jones , according to his father , reportedly suffered fractures to the bones in his face and remains partially blind in one eye .
Among the incidents for which Flannery sought records are : • The 1997 suspension of Asher without pay by the Police Commission for kicking Roy Parker , a drug suspect , who was restrained and being handcuffed by two officers .
Asher was cleared of criminal wrongdoing , and an original year - long suspension was later overturned and reduced to six months .
•
A 2004 incident in which Asher was among a group of officers who were the subjects of a brutality complaint by a black school principal injured by police while he was in the throes of a diabetic seizure in his car at a South End gas station .
After a month - long review , the Police Commission voted 3 - 2 to exonerate the officers .
The city paid a $ 180,000 settlement .
• A 1994 incident which did not come to light until after the Parker case in which the city paid $ 75,000 in 2000 to settle a brutality complaint against Asher and another officer , Daniel Brunton .
Michael J. Cuzzone , of Springfield , claimed he was beaten unconscious by Asher on May 26 , 1994 , after Cuzzone ’s friend had a dispute with Asher ’s father , Michael Asher , a bartender at Donnie ’s Cafe on Chestnut Street .
The city made no admission of wrongdoing in paying the settlement , and neither Asher nor Brunton was disciplined by the Police Department .
• A 12 - day suspension of Asher without pay for violation of departmental rules and regulations for an incident that occurred on Clyde Street on Jan. 29 , 2001 .
A complaint was filed by a 12 - year - old boy , Luis D. Soto , and his mother , Rosa M. Sepulveda , both of Springfield .
They said the side mirror of Asher ’s cruiser hit the boy ’s right arm while the boy was walking with friends .
The child required treatment at Baystate Medical Center . •
Asher ’s reprimand in 2005 by then acting Police Commissioner William J. Fitchet for “ failing to show respectful treatment ” in connection with a resident ’s complaint of mistreatment in April related to Asher ’s response to a dog attack .
Jerry A. Belair , of Nassau Drive , said his encounter with Asher occurred when he was attempting to take his injured dog to an animal hospital after the pet was attacked by a pit bull outside his home .
Belair said that despite repeated pleas to take his bleeding dog to the hospital , Asher detained him for more than 90 minutes , stated he was under arrest , handcuffed him and placed him a cruiser , all without cause .
Asher denied wrongdoing , but Fitchet issued the reprimand and it was about this time that Asher was transferred to inside duty in the department ’s Records Division .
•
A 1995 case which resulted in a civil lawsuit filed by a former Springfield man , Brent Whitley .
The Whitley case was dismissed in 1999 after Whitley appeared to lose interest in the matter and failed to contact his lawyer or appear in U.S. District Court .
Whitley had claimed he was doused with a chemical spray , clubbed , arrested and pushed down stairs by Asher and another officer during his arrest on charges for which he was later acquitted .
• A 2004 incident in which , Holly M. Marion , 24 , filed a complaint with the Police Department , saying Asher punched her in the face and broke her left leg on Oct.
7 as emergency workers responded to a call about a drug overdose at 75 Avon Place .
Marion admitted , according to police reports of the incident , that she threatened to “ stab ” Asher with a hypodermic needle if he “ did n’t let go ” but later told him she did not have a weapon .
Dave " The Game " Chalker is the Editor - in - Chief and Co-Founder of Critical Hits .
Since 2005 , he has been bringing readers game news and advice , as well as editing nearly everything published here .
He is the designer of the Origins Award - winning Get Bit ! , a freelance designer and developer , son of a science fiction author , and a Master of Arts .
He lives in MD with e and at least three dogs .
Modern Day Flintstones A Stone Age Subculture Takes Shape in the US
A modern - day Stone Age subculture is developing in the United States , where wannabe cavemen mimic their distant ancestors .
They eat lots of meat , bathe in icy water and run around barefoot .
Some researchers say people led healthier lives in pre-historic times .
By Malcolm Borthwick
Editor , Middle East Business Report
They 're tall , they 're blonde , they 're elegant , and at the height of their careers they can command millions of dollars .
Supermodels ?
No , camels .
In the remote Western Region of the United Arab Emirates , 28,000 of the humped beasts gathered at the end of January for what was billed as the biggest camel beauty contest ever .
Normally , there 's nothing there but sand , but the al - Dhafra Festival filled the arid desert with breeders and their herds , some of which had been driven from as far as Qatar , Saudi Arabia and Bahrain .
The pens bustled with activity .
Thousands of people from around The Gulf watched the action from the stands .
A handful of judges sifted through the camel pens picking out the top talent .
" The head is the most important thing and this is what we look at first , " Mohammed Abdullah al - Mehairi , the head judge , told the BBC .
" We are looking for camels with big heads , firm ears , broad cheeks and big whiskers .
There is no single important thing - the neck and body should be long , the hump and the back should be big , and we also look at the colour and posture of the camel . "
Bedouin tradition Camels of different ages and types competed in 48 different categories - winning a total of $ 10 m - during the 10 - day festival , which ended on Monday .
" The most important competition is the al - Bayraq lap where breeders put forward their best 50 camels and parade them around the track , " Mr al - Mehairi explained .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement " Most of the competitors are female because females look better . "
Hamad Rashed al - Marri took a month to bring his camels from Saudi Arabia on foot .
His father was a camel breeder , as was his father 's father , and this has become the biggest event in the camel calendar for him .
Fifty members of his family travelled with him .
" We start preparing the camels at least a week before the competition , " Hamad told me inside his giant tent , as we sat drinking Arabic coffee .
" Every breeder has his own recipe for the camel .
I give them a combination of hops , grass , and corn , and we also give them milk and water .
" We cover the camels because this helps keep their hair and skin shiny and healthy .
If you leave a camel in the sun for too long its colour will turn pale .
"
Racing camels Hamad had a successful festival - four of his camels won beauty contests , which netted him four 4x4 cars .
100 - POINT SCORING SYSTEM
Head and neck - 25 points awarded for large head , firm ears , long whiskers , shapely nose and lips , long neck Upper body - 20 points awarded for large , shapely hump Front - 15 points awarded for wide neck , strong shoulders , good feet Rear - 10 points awarded for straight , strong legs General appearance - 30 points awarded for shiny hair , overall health and fitness , space between toes Source : Mohammed Abdullah al - Mehairi
On top of this , he bought and sold millions of dollars worth of stock .
While the average camel goes for around $ 7,000 , others sell for much more .
As well as snapping up beauties , breeders also buy camels to race and for their milk .
" For the beauty camels I 'm looking at the camel 's head and height , " says Hamad .
" For racing camels they should be thin with strong legs . "
Camel trader Khalaf Sari Al Mazrouei said he had sold one camel for $ 2.7 m .
" The market this year is better because there are more people from the Gulf .
The more there are , the more buying and selling there is .
Today I bought a camel for $ 7,000 and I can sell it tomorrow for $ 10,000 or $ 14,000 .
" It 's better buying in the auction than from the owner because I can get it for cheaper . "
Family pride
But this festival is about more than just money , it 's about prestige and status .
Winners often dance to celebrate their victory Hundreds of families from all over the Gulf have set up camp .
All the region 's famous camel breeding families are here .
National and family pride is at stake .
" I can not lie to you .
People want to be number one , everyone wants to be number one , " says Hamad .
" Why ?
Because you get the media coverage and you get the money and you get the satisfaction .
It 's the best thing .
People buy the camels , raise the camels , and spend money on the camels just to be number one . "
Additional reporting by Ola Naguib
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON 
For two days this month , Gen. James L. Jones , President Obama ’s national security adviser , and Manouchehr Mottaki , the Iranian foreign minister , were in the same place at the same time , attending a high - level security conference in Munich with a number of high - ranking officials from around the world .
And yet the two made no plans to meet with each other .
Whatever happened to engagement ?
As a presidential candidate , Mr. Obama declared himself open to dialogue even with intransigent states like Iran .
But there is little diplomatic nicety to be seen these days , as the administration presses tough new sanctions aimed at the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps in Iran , and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton warned Monday of a drift toward a military dictatorship .
White House officials maintain that they have not abandoned Mr. Obama ’s pledge of engagement , and point to the numerous times in the past year that he reached out to Iran , including a YouTube video to the Iranian people ; a letter from Mr. Obama to Iran ’s supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei ; and even an offer to help Iran buy isotopes for a medical research reactor .
But the nonencounter in Munich between General Jones and Mr. Mottaki , like the full court press on Iran by Mrs. Clinton and other envoys to the region this week , shows that the administration is coming to terms with the limits of its engagement policy , many foreign policy experts say .
" There will be no killing of political leaders , however extreme they are .
They must be dealt with politically .
There will be no killing of a terrorist 's family unless they are also directly implicated in terrorism .
Each execution must be sanctioned by the incumbent prime minister .
Any execution is therefore state - sponsored , the ultimate judicial sanction of the law .
The executioner is no different from the state - appointed hangman or any other lawfully - appointed executioner . "
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Obama is ending the United States ' five - year diplomatic absence in Syria by formally nominating veteran diplomat Robert Ford to serve as U.S. ambassador there , a sign of thawing relations between the two nations .
Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday that Ford was an experienced diplomat with many years of dealings in the Middle East .
" His appointment represents President Obama 's commitment to use engagement to advance U.S. interests by improving communication with the Syrian government and people , " Gibbs said .
" If confirmed by the Senate , Ambassador Ford will engage the Syrian government on how we can enhance relations , while addressing areas of ongoing concern , " Gibbs said .
The United States withdrew its ambassador from Syria in 2005 in protest of the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri .
Washington accused Syria of being behind the killing of the popular statesman in a massive bombing that also left 22 others dead .
Syria denied the accusations , but an investigation by the United Nations Special Tribunal found Syrian government involvement .
The revelation led to the withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon .
Since then , Syria and Lebanon have attempted to enhance relations .
The Obama administration wants to renew dialogue with Syria as part of a wider effort for establish regional peace .
A fluent Arabic speaker , Ford has been serving in the U.S. embassy in Iraq as deputy chief of mission .
He was also ambassador to Algeria .
Ford 's nomination was announced just ahead of Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Bill Burns ' trip to the region , which includes stops in Syria and Lebanon .
Homemade spinach pies are out ; packaged baked potato chips are in .
Mom ’s pumpkin bread is out ; Kellogg ’s Pop - Tarts are in -- but they must be the whole - grain brown - sugar cinnamon variety .
At public school bake sales , Pop - Tarts are among 29 items the Department of Education has deemed nutritionally sound enough to sell in lieu of homemade goods , which have been banned in part because they do not list nutritional content .
Parents say the regulation , issued last month , pushes kids to eat processed food and undercuts parental efforts to teach nutrition at home by outlawing homemade goodies like organic popcorn balls and vegan cookies , which they argue are healthier than anything housed in a vending machine .
“ What ’s the message we ’re sending here ?
That highly processed foods are healthier than food cooked at home , ” said Elizabeth Puccini , the mother of two elementary school pupils in Manhattan .
“ You ’re bound to create a lifetime of bad eating habits with that , ” said Puccini , who organized a “ bake - in ” outside City Hall on Thursday to protest the rules .
Even by New York standards , it was an unusual gathering .
Scores of parents , teachers and children banged wooden spoons , whisks , sifters and pots and pans while chanting , “ Read our lips , no more chips ! ” and waving signs reading , “ Save our bake sales ” and “ Pure , not processed . ”
Protesters set up two tables laden with goods .
One featured banned items : plates of mini- empanadas , vanilla cupcakes with pale pink icing , and pumpkin bread among them .
The other showed what is permitted , such as bags of low - fat Doritos , granola bars and packaged cookies .
The Department of Education says the regulations are aimed at combating obesity among the city ’s more than 1.1 million public school children , about 40 % of whom are overweight .
By restricting bake sale offerings to goods limited in calories and wrapped in packaging that lists nutritional information , schools will help children reduce their intake of unhealthy snacks , officials say .
Among the approved items : Glenny ’s Brown Rice Marshmallow
Treats , baked cheddar and sour cream chips and a variety of granola bars , popcorn clusters and cookies .
None has more than 200 calories or 200 milligrams of sodium per serving .
The Pop - Tarts weigh in at 200 calories each .
But critics say the numbers are beside the point because the rule discourages home - baking practices that teach children to value fresh food and give people a reason to go to a bake sale , which can bring in several hundred dollars to pay for extras such as field trips and school supplies .
“ Why would you go to a bake sale to buy baked potato chips ? ” said Mitzi Dulan , a nutritionist and registered dietitian whose clients include the Kansas City Chiefs football team and the Royals baseball team .
A better plan would be to offer parents recipes for healthier snacks to sell , she said .
David Cantor , the education department ’s spokesman , said the city was simply in line with a nationwide effort to combat childhood obesity , which First Lady Michelle Obama has made one of her priorities .
“ We restrict sales of homemade food because we cannot monitor its nutritional value , ” Cantor said , adding that “ homemade is not synonymous with healthful . ”
A recent photo of items at a bake sale showed a sign for bacon chocolate - chip cookies , he said .
But Dulan , as well as parents and teachers , said it ’s more important to look at what goes into the food .
The mini-empanadas had the most ingredients , at 19 , including spinach , tofu , cilantro , lime juice , and black beans .
Compare that with the Pop - Tart , with 27 ingredients , including riboflavin , polydextrose and high - fructose corn syrup .
“ I ’d rather eat something higher in calories that does n’t contain a bunch of chemicals I can’t pronounce , ” said Stephanie Seitman , a high school English teacher .
New York is n’t the first school district to take on child weight problems , but with 1,500 public schools , it is the biggest and among the most influential in the country , and it appears to have gone further than others with the latest regulations .
Puccini , however , said school cafeterias continue to dish out sugary , processed food .
“ Why are we suddenly picking on bake sales as opposed to looking at the things that are available every single day ? ” she said , rejecting the notion that whole - grain Pop Tarts foster good health .
“ In the end , ” she said , “ it ’s still a Pop - Tart . ”
tina.susman@latimes.com
Fish oil pills may be able to spare some young people with signs of mental illness from a progression into fully developed schizophrenia , according to a preliminary study of 81 patients in Austria .
The study adds to evidence suggesting that severe mental illness may be prevented with intervention .
The researchers are starting a larger study in eight cities , hoping to replicate the findings , which appear in the February issue of Archives of General Psychiatry , released Monday .
A ...
WASHINGTON — Sen .
Robert Menendez of New Jersey urged the Federal Reserve last July to approve an acquisition to save a struggling bank in his state .
He did n't mention that the bank 's chairman and vice chairman were big contributors to his political campaign .
If the acquisition had been approved , it would have prevented the two executives from losing what was left of their investments in the bank .
In his letter to the Fed July 21 , Mr. Menendez said there was a strong likelihood that First BankAmericano , of Elizabeth , N.J. , would fail in three days , which would " send yet another negative message to consumers and investors and further impact our fragile economy . "
The one - page letter , obtained by The Wall Street Journal under the Freedom of Information Act , urged Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke to approve a sale of the bank to JJR Bank Holding Co. of Brick , N.J .
The Fed did n't act on the request from Mr. Menendez , a Democrat , and First BankAmericano , which was closely held , failed July 31 .
While lawmakers routinely forward requests from constituents to government agencies , it is rare for them to make specific requests along the lines of this letter asking specific actions , bank attorneys and congressional aides said .
One reason is to avoid any appearance of trying to influence the regulatory process for political ends .
Visual Swirl and Emma Looney are proud to present the second installment of your Desktop Wallpaper Calendars for 2010 .
February ’s calendar is another beautiful example of the work of graphic designer , Emma Looney .
We ’ve also expanded the number of resolutions available so there is bound to be one perfect for your monitor .
Keep reading for a little insight from Emma about this month ’s design .
Visual Swirl and Emma Looney are proud to present the second installment of your Desktop Wallpaper Calendars for 2010 .
February ’s calendar is another beautiful example of the work of graphic designer , Emma Looney .
We ’ve also expanded the number of resolutions available so there is bound to be one perfect for your monitor .
Keep reading for a little insight from Emma about this month ’s design .
February
Download
Available Resolutions :
About the Design
When I think of February , I think of the warmth from roaring fires that curb freezing temperatures , the optimistic hopefulness that spring is just a little closer and the passion that comes with the anticipation and arrival of Valentine ’s Day .
This wallpaper calendar , with warm tones of reds , pinks and oranges , reflects one of my passions – typography .
I had a lot of fun designing this one , incorporating textures and playing with different fonts .
I hope you enjoy it as much as I do !
The type face featured is Glypha .
About the Designer
This wallpaper was designed by Emma Looney , a freelance graphic designer who is passionate about typography , print design and branding .¬†
Follow her on Twitter .
Share it With Your Friends :
Want More ?
Subscribe and We'll Deliver it to You .
Silicone Implants Harvest Human Energy For Later Use
Princeton University engineers have found a way to harvest the energy from human movement such as walking , talking or breathing .
Creepy ?
Well , yes , but it ’s also very cool – they ’ve created a way to turn silicone sheets into “ piezoelectric ” materials that generate electricity when flexed .
In other words , silicon implants – or giant sheets of silicon fashioned into cloth – will be able to store the energy produced by every single thing we do , like the stillsuits from Dune , or some even nerdier sci- fi reference .
We do n’t produce much electricity with just our regular movements , but the new implants can capture 80 % of it – that ’s enough to power an MP3 player , cell phone , or even a pacemaker !
The latter is the most revolutionary – currently , when a pacemaker ’s batteries need replacement , the patient has to to undergo surgery .
With these new implants , a pacemaker ’s batteries can be constantly recharged through , say , silicon implants against the patient ’s lungs collecting the energy produced by natural breathing .
Amazing !
For those who actually understand such things , these implants represent the “ first successful combination of silicone and nanoribbons made of lead zirconate titanate ( PZT ) ” .
Lead zirconate has piezoelectric characteristics that allow it to generate electricity when squeezed – again , 80 % of that mechanical energy is converted to electrical energy , which is incredibly efficient .
Source & Image Source : PopSci
Ranking de notas
Intentan levantar la mala imagen de Cristina en las redes de Internet
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Google Inc. GOOG , +0.01 % on Monday started redirecting traffic for its China page , google.cn , to the company 's uncensored Hong Kong page , google.com.hk .
On a company blog , Google said it has stopped censoring Web services in China .
Google called the move " entirely legal , " and said it will continue research and development activities in China .
The move is the latest in Google 's feud with China over the censorship of search results .
( Updates for Google 's blog announcement . )
Advertisements
Fox News is spending the day , amping up the tea party rage for the protest in Senate Majority leader Harry Reid ’s hometown .
Host Neal Cavuto spoke to former vice president Dan Quayle who said , “ God bless these folks , ” and he proclaimed them a , “ not so silent majority . ”
When a movement ’s intellectual leaders are Dan Quayle and Sarah Palin , it has some really big problems .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
When Cavuto asked Quayle about the rally in Nevada , he said , “ What ’s going on in the country and I think it is reflective with the people at the rally is that there is a lot of angst .
There ’s a lot of anxiety .
There ’s no jobs , the Obama administration has not focused on the economy .
There ’s been a radical expansion of government , and God bless these folks , they ’re trying to take things into their own hands , and they ’re making a difference .
They ’re being heard , and that ’s important but there ’s a lot of people , Neal , around the country that are just very upset , and instead of sitting on the sidelines , and being a part of Richard Nixon used to call that silent majority , they ’re silent no more . ”
Cavuto asked Quayle if the tea party will divide the GOP .
Quayle brought up an interesting point that most of the tea partiers are inclined to support the Republican Party , but that right now they are a movement , and not a party .
He said he will become concerned about splitting the GOP if the tea party breaks away from the GOP .
His comments provide some insight into the notion in mainstream Republican circles that the tea party can be harvested and exploited for Republican gain .
It is important to point out here that there are actually two tea parties .
The original tea partiers started with the 2008 Ron Paul campaign and consist of Libertarians .
The other tea party is an attempt by the Republican Party to exploit the original movement for their own gain .
The real tea party will not automatically support Republicans , while the Astroturfers are Republicans pretending to be Independents .
The tea party is already splitting the GOP because there is an ideological war taking place over the future direction of the party .
I think that Quayle ’s notion that the GOP can exploit the true tea party is wishful thinking at best .
However , it is a symbol of the desperation of the right that they are embracing such an extremist movement .
Quayle ’s statement that God should bless a radical movement based on homophobia and racism was either naïve or desperate , but either way , when a movement ’s intellectual champions are Dan Quayle and Sarah Palin , I would not count on it having intellectual weight , mass appeal , or a very bright future .
Photo : Liberal Values Blog
Acorn ’s supporters appear to hope that the whole story will fall apart over the issue of what O’Keefe wore : if that was wrong , everything else must be wrong .
The record does not support them .
If O’Keefe did not dress as a pimp , he clearly presented himself as one : a fellow trying to set up a woman  sometimes along with under - age girls  in a house where they would work as prostitutes .
In Washington , he said the prostitution was to finance his future in politics .
A worker for Acorn Housing , an allied group , warned him to stay away from the brothel lest someone “ get wind that you got a house and that your girlfriend is over there running a house of women of the night .
You will not have a career . ”
FAIR said that in Brooklyn , O’Keefe and Giles seemed to be telling Acorn staffers that “ they are attempting to buy a house to protect child prostitutes from an abusive pimp . ”
That ’s right , but FAIR left out the part about their clear intention to operate a brothel , which the Acorn workers seemed to take in stride , with one warning : “ Do n’t get caught , ’ cause it is against the law . ”
The videos were heavily edited .
The sequence of some conversations was changed .
Some workers seemed concerned for Giles , one advising her to get legal help .
In two cities , Acorn workers called the police .
But the most damning words match the transcripts and the audio , and do not seem out of context .
Harshbarger ’s report to Acorn found no “ pattern of illegal conduct ” by its employees .
But , he told me : “ They said what they said .
There ’s no way to make this look good . ”
He also said the news media should have been far more skeptical , demanding the raw video from which the edited versions were produced .
“ It ’s outrageous that this could have had this effect without being questioned more , ” he said .
The report by Harshbarger and Crafts was not covered by The Times .
It should have been , but the Acorn / O’ Keefe story became something of an orphan at the paper .
At least 14 reporters , reporting to different sets of editors , have touched it since last fall .
Nobody owns it .
Bill Keller , the executive editor , said that , “ sensing the story would not go away and would be part of a larger narrative , ” the paper should have assigned one reporter to be responsible for it .
It remains a fascinating story .
To conservatives , Acorn is virtually a criminal organization that was guilty of extensive voter registration fraud in 2008 .
To its supporters , Acorn is a community service organization that has helped millions of disadvantaged Americans by organizing to confront powerful institutions like banks and developers .
Harshbarger ’s report focused heavily on Acorn ’s “ longstanding management weaknesses , including lack of training , a lack of procedures and a lack of on - site supervision ” that he said provided fertile ground for O’Keefe ’s sting .
Lewis , who took over less than two years ago , said she has been working aggressively to reform the organization .
The story now is whether she has run out of time .
Zooko sez ,
Tahoe - LAFS is a p2 p filesystem .
You pool your spare hard drive space together with that of your friends .
This forms a distributed filesystem which endures even if some of your friends ' computers are unreachable .
Everything is automatically encrypted , so backing up your files onto the distributed filesystem does n't necessarily mean sharing the files with your friends .
But , it is easy to share specific files or directories with specific friends .
It comes with a command - line interface and a web interface .
If you choose , you can allow remote HTTP clients to connect to the web interface .
We 've configured our test grid to do that so that you can take Tahoe - LAFS for a test drive just by clicking here .
Please try it out and contribute bug reports !
We are an all - volunteer project of Free Software hackers in the public interest .
We need encouragement , love , and bug reports .
In 2008 Olympic torrents were hugely popular .
The opening ceremony was downloaded more than 2 million times in the first week , outraging the International Olympic Committee .
With Vancouver 2010 starting later this week , several broadcasters have declared war on Olympic pirates .
The 2008 Summer Olympics were a huge hit online , both through legal and illegal channels .
NBC streamed a record breaking 2,200 hours of live video to the delight of millions of people , but strangely enough this year the network will limit its live coverage to hockey and curling .
An NBC representative explained that the network will only cover the highlights because people “ are not dying to watch lots of long - form content on a 13 - inch screen . ”
However , at the same time NBC contradicts itself by announcing that it will do all it can to prevent people from accessing unauthorized live feeds or downloads of Olympic broadcasts .
While NBC does n’t believe there is much demand for live coverage , it will do all it can to prevent the ‘ few ’ people who do from downloading or streaming the events online .
“ Our aim is to make access to pirated material inconvenient , low quality and hard to find , ” said Rick Cotton , NBC ’s Executive Vice President commenting on their Olympic mission .
Once again one of the major entertainment industry outfits has got it entirely wrong .
If NBC really wants to prevent piracy they have to offer at least some sort of alternative .
Cutting 2,200 hours of live web coverage back to just a few hundred is certainly not going to help in stopping piracy .
NBC reportedly has teamed up with Ustream and Justin.tv , two popular live streaming sites , to use filtering schemes in order to prevent illegal broadcasts .
However , it is inevitable that they wo n’t be able to stop them all since there are dozens of live streaming sites .
Preventing torrents from being uploaded will turn out to be even more problematic for the network .
During the Beijing Olympics two years ago , The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) asked for “ assistance ” from the Swedish government with preventing video clips from the Olympics in Beijing being shared via The Pirate Bay .
This did n’t help much and during the weeks that followed millions of people continued to download broadcasts of Olympic events .
We assume that in the coming weeks most events will again appear online , despite NBC ’s efforts to prevent the Olympics from being pirated .
Writing a twitter service on App Engine
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under app-engine , python , twitter , coding , tech , oauth
Services that consume or produce Twitter updates are popular apps these days , and there are more than a few on App Engine , too .
Twitter provide an extensive API , which provides most of the features you might want to access .
Broadly , Twitter 's API is divided into two distinct parts :
The streaming API , and everything else .
The streaming API is their recommended way to consume large volumes of updates in real - time ; unfortunately , for a couple of reasons , using it on App Engine is not practical at the moment .
The rest of their API , however , is well suited to use via App Engine , and covers things such as retrieving users ' timelines , mentions , retweets , etc , sending new status updates ( and deleting them , and retweeting them ) , and getting user information .
Authentication
Most of Twitter 's API calls require authentication .
Currently , Twitter support two different authentication methods : Basic , and OAuth .
Basic authentication , as the name suggests uses HTTP Basic authentication , which requires prompting the user for their username and password .
We wo n't be using this , since it 's deprecated , and asking users for their credentials is a bad idea .
The OAuth API makes it possible to call Twitter APIs on behalf of a user without knowing their password , and that 's what we 'll focus on today .
The key features of OAuth is that every consumer - that 's you - needs a ' consumer key ' and a ' consumer secret ' .
As the names imply , the first one is a key that identifies you , while the second is a secret value , known only to you and Twitter .
Together , these allow you to prove to Twitter that you are who you say you are .
In addition , for each user you authenticate , you 'll need to store a user token and a user secret .
These operate in the same way as the client token and secret , and allow you to prove to Twitter that you 're making legitimate requests on behalf of that client .
In order to get permission to act on behalf of a user , you need to go through an authentication process .
This consists of sending the user to a URL on twitter.com , where Twitter asks them if they want to authorize you to use their account .
If the user agrees , Twitter redirects the user back to your site , embedding in the URL the details required .
After that , you have all the necessary keys and secrets to use the API as that user ( until they revoke your access ! )
OAuth is a relatively straightforward protocol , but it'd be nice if we did n't have to implement it ourselves .
Fortunately , Mike Knapp has already done all the hard work for us , in the form of the AppEngine - OAuth library ( that link goes to my own fork of it , which has a few improvements that have n't yet made it into the mainline ) .
This library takes care of all the nitty - gritty of OAuth authentication and making OAuth requests , making things Just Work .
Using AppEngine - OAuth
The first thing you should do is go to Twitter and create an OAuth consumer .
Take the key and secret you 're given , and store it somewhere - as a configuration variable in your code , or in the datastore , wherever suits .
Next , download the library from the link above - you only need the file ' oauth. py ' , and place it in your app 's root .
There are three major components you need to integrate : Sending the user to Twitter to be authenticated , handling the redirect back to complete authentication , and making API calls using the credentials .
We 'll tackle these in order .
Starting the Authentication process
Initiating authentication is easy .
First , construct an oauth .
TwitterClient :
consumer_key = " LKlkj83kaio2fjiudjd9...etc " consumer_secret = " 58kdujslkfojkjsjsdk...etc " callback_url = " http://www.myurl.com/callback/twitter " client = oauth .
TwitterClient( consumer_key , consumer_secret , callback_url )
Here , callback_url should be the complete URL of the callback handler in your app .
Next , you can generate a URL and redirect the user to it as follows :
self.redirect(client.get_authorization_url ( ) )
Completing Authentication
When the user is done at Twitter , they will be redirected back to the callback URL you provided .
Handling this requires constructing another instance of the TwitterClient , as above , and calling get_user_info on it :
class CallbackHandler( webapp.RequestHandler ) : def get ( self ) : client = oauth .
TwitterClient( consumer_key , consumer_secret , callback_url ) auth_token = self.request.get ( " oauth_token " ) auth_verifier = self.request.get ( " oauth_verifier " ) user_info = client.get_user_info(auth_token , auth_verifier=auth_verifier )
The ' user_info ' variable here is a dict containing the relevant information about the authenticated user .
Of particular interest is the " token " and " secret " keys , which we need to store to authenticate future requests , and the " username " key , which identifies the user .
Services like Twitter also return additional keys - for instance , " name " , which is the user 's display name , and " picture " , a URL to their avatar .
If you want to see a real working example of a callback handler , here 's Tweet Engine 's one .
Making Authenticated Requests
Now that you 've authenticated the user and stored their credentials , you can make authenticated requests as them .
Again , the OAuth library makes this easy .
We once again construct a TwitterClient instance , and call . make_request on it , passing in the URL , the user 's OAuth token and secret , as well as any additional parameters :
client = oauth .
TwitterClient( consumer_key , consumer_secret , callback_url ) additional_params = { status : " Testing Twitter OAuth " , } result = client.make_request( " http://twitter.com/statuses/update.json " , token=client_token , secret=client_secret , additional_params=additional_params , method=urlfetch .POST )
The ' result ' variable , here , is a urlfetch Response object , which you can treat as you would the result of any other urlfetch call .
Again , for a real example , you can check out how Tweet Engine does it , though in this case it 's slightly complicated by some extra layers of abstraction we have n't covered here .
Rate Limiting
One concern a lot of users have about using Twitter via App Engine is rate limiting .
Twitter has two different rate limiting systems : per-IP , and per-app / per-user .
This comes up a lot with users of the search API via App Engine , because all App Engine apps make external requests via the same pool of IPs .
Authenticated requests , such as those we 're making , are all rate limited per app and / or user , so we do n't have to be worried about the per IP ratelimits .
That 's all there is to using Twitter 's OAuth API on App Engine .
Have a use - case in mind ?
Let us know in the comments !
Disqus
Despite negative court verdicts against the two leading torrent sites , the BitTorrent popularity surge is still underway judging from ever increasing download figures .
Mininova , the most visited BitTorrent indexer , broke an impressive record today .
Since its inception , the site has served a dazzling 10 billion torrent downloads .
Mininova , founded in January 2005 , grew out to become one of the most successful torrent sites with millions of daily users .
The site has grown steadily over the years and continues to do so , despite a setback in court this summer .
In fact , today the 10 billionth torrent file was downloaded from Mininova , an impressive achievement to say the least .
Although the site is still going strong , with the increasing visitor numbers month after month , things have definitely changed behind the scenes .
When asked for a comment on whether they had predicted the site would grow this rapidly , Mininova co-founder Erik Dubbelboer told TorrentFreak : “ We never really expected anything .
We do n’t really tend to focus on these numbers , we are just trying to run the site the best way we can . ”
Previously the Mininova team welcomed these download records with more enthusiasm , but times have changed .
In common with their counterparts at the Pirate Bay , we get the impression that the torrent site is not their core business anymore , which is not really that surprising considering the legal troubles Mininova faces .
In August , Mininova lost in court against Dutch anti-piracy outfit BREIN .
The judge ruled that the world ’s largest BitTorrent indexer had to clean up its site and remove all torrents that link to infringing content .
Mininova has yet to decide whether or not they will appeal the case .
Possibly related to this uncertain future , Erik said that they are not going to release any new features or major upgrades to the site anytime soon .
“ At the moment we are mainly focusing on other projects besides Mininova , ” he informed us .
This year has undoubtedly been a turbulent one for Mininova .
Nevertheless , we want to congratulate the Mininova team for reaching this new milestone , whether they like it or not .
ISTANBUL — Turkey ’s prime minister , president and military chief gathered Thursday in an emergency meeting aimed at defusing a political crisis that is threatening the stability of the country .
The meeting in Turkey ’s capital , Ankara , lasted several hours and came as three of the country ’s highest - ranking former military officers appeared in court in Istanbul for questioning about an alleged coup plot .
Those officers — the former heads of the air force and the navy , and a former deputy head of the army — were released late Thursday , according to the semiofficial Anatolian News Agency , a development that is likely to pull the standoff between the military and the government back from the brink of all - out confrontation .
Turkey ’s military , broadly respected in Turkish society , used to be considered untouchable .
The mere fact that such senior former officers appeared in court was shocking , an unprecedented development that has put Turkey ’s long - powerful , secular military on the defensive against the popular political party with Islamic roots that runs the government .
Shortly before the three officers were released , President Abdullah Gul called for calm , assuring Turks in a written statement issued after the meeting that “ matters will be handled in line with the constitutional order and law , ” and exhorting all involved to “ act responsibly and not damage our institutions . ”
YEAH !
This is what I ’m talkin’ about !
This japanese paper shredder , dubbed the “ White Goat ” , turns 40 sheets of shredded paper into one roll of toilet paper in only a half hour .
All you need to do is add water for the pulping .
Here ’s the video :
Here ’s how it works – first , your paper ’s shredded into tiny , identity - thieving proof bits .
Those bits are mixed with water and turned into pulp , which is eventually dried , rolled , and returned to the user as ready - to - use toilet paper .
It ’s like the Jetsons only funnier !
I think I ’m in love .
This machine combines my two favorite things – shredding and environmentalism – and brings them together to create a product I respect .
Japan , again , we thank you from the bottom of our hearts , no pun intended .
Well , maybe pun intended .
Regardless , this is the perfect way to destroy that incriminating evidence !
Instead of burning files relating to your crimes , which creates harmful carbon dioxide , why not help the planet while helping yourself and turn some of that damning evidence into life affirming toilet paper ?
You ’ll be glad you did .
Source & Photo Source : PopSci
J.D. Hayworth , the former congressman running against Sen. John McCain in the Arizona Republican primary , was known for making provocative points as a conservative radio talk show host .
He 's proving every bit as provocative on the campaign trail .
In an interview on radio station WORL in Orlando on March 14 , 2010 , Hayworth was talking about same - sex marriage .
He 's very much against it .
But it was his comments about the prospect of someone walking down the aisle in Massachusetts with a horse that landed Hayworth in the national political news cycle .
Let 's get the full quote straight from the horse 's mouth :
" You see , the Massachusetts Supreme Court , when it started this move toward same - sex marriage , actually defined marriage -- now get this -- it defined marriage as simply , quote , the establishment of intimacy , " Hayworth said .
" Now how dangerous is that ?
I mean , I do n't mean to be absurd about it , but I guess I can make the point of absurdity with an absurd point -- I guess that would mean if you really had affection for your horse , I guess you could marry your horse .
It 's just the wrong way to go , and the only way to protect the institution of marriage is with that federal marriage amendment that I support . "
Whoa there .
Really ?
Hayworth is talking about a landmark 2003 case in which the Massachusetts Supreme Court ruled , 4 - 3 , that gay couples have the right to marry under the state 's Constitution .
We took a long look at the 45 - page decision in the case , Goodridge vs. the Department of Public Health .
Since Hayworth suggested that he was quoting the phrase " the establishment of intimacy , " we searched for that first .
It 's not there .
The word " intimacy " appears five times in the 45 - page decision ( actually six times , but one is a duplicate ) , but never in the context of being the sole definition of marriage .
Here they are :
* One section talks about how the Supreme Court has affirmed that " the core concept of common human dignity protected by the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution precludes government intrusion into the deeply personal realms of consensual adult expressions of intimacy and one 's choice of an intimate partner . "
* " Marriage also bestows enormous private and social advantages on those who choose to marry .
Civil marriage is at once a deeply personal commitment to another human being and a highly public celebration of the ideals of mutuality , companionship , intimacy , fidelity , and family . "
* " Whether and whom to marry , how to express sexual intimacy , and whether and how to establish a family -- these are among the most basic of every individual 's liberty and due process rights . "
* " Our laws of civil marriage do not privilege procreative heterosexual intercourse between married people above every other form of adult intimacy and every other means of creating a family . "
* " Similarly , the Supreme Court has called for increased due process protection when individual privacy and intimacy are threatened by unnecessary government imposition . "
We 're not sure how Hayworth gets from any of these to the court defining marriage as simply the establishment of intimacy .
Chief Justice Margaret H. Marshall of the state 's Supreme Judicial Court began the ruling with these words :
" Marriage is a vital social institution .
The exclusive commitment of two individuals to each other nurtures love and mutual support ; it brings stability to our society .
For those who choose to marry , and for their children , marriage provides an abundance of legal , financial , and social benefits .
In return it imposes weighty legal , financial , and social obligations .
The question before us is whether , consistent with the Massachusetts Constitution , the Commonwealth may deny the protections , benefits , and obligations conferred by civil marriage to two individuals of the same sex who wish to marry .
We conclude that it may not .
" We are mindful that our decision marks a change in the history of our marriage law , " Marshall wrote .
" Many people hold deep - seated religious , moral , and ethical convictions that marriage should be limited to the union of one man and one woman , and that homosexual conduct is immoral .
Many hold equally strong religious , moral , and ethical convictions that same - sex couples are entitled to be married , and that homosexual persons should be treated no differently than their heterosexual neighbors .
Neither view answers the question before us .
Our concern is with the Massachusetts Constitution as a charter of governance for every person properly within its reach . "
We italicized " person " to make a point .
Justice John Greaney , who concurred , wrote in the ruling , " We construe civil marriage to mean the voluntary union of two persons as spouses , to the exclusion of all others . "
Again the word " persons . "
Moreover , Greaney noted that the ruling was strictly about whether people of the same sex could marry and " it leaves intact the Legislature 's broad discretion to regulate marriage . "
Take a look at Massachusetts laws regarding who can marry ( which includes age and residency requirements and prohibitions on marrying relatives ) and you 'll see the word " persons " over and over .
Seems pretty straightforward to us , but we checked with a few legal experts in Massachusetts to get their take .
" The word ' establishment ' does n't occur in the opinion , and the six appearances of the word ' intimacy ' are n't free - standing , so that the statement that the SJC ' defined ' marriage ' simply ' as ' the establishment of intimacy ' is false , " said Mark Tushnet a law professor at Harvard Law School .
" That 's not to say that one could n't extend the underlying principles articulated in Goodridge to other forms of intimacy , including , I suppose , bestiality , but there 's nothing in Goodridge itself saying that the principles extend that far .
And of course one need not extend the principles if there 's some reason not to do so , as there surely would be in the case of bestiality . "
Carissa Cunningham , director of public affairs for Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders , which handled the Goodridge case , called Hayworth 's comment " silly . "
" It 's so far off base , " Cunningham said .
The ruling , she said , " did n't change anything there about the marriage law in Massachusetts , " which very clearly spells out that marriage is only for people .
We might have chalked this one up to a one - time misstatement , a bit of hyperbole on the long campaign trail , and simply rated it False .
But then Hayworth went on The Rachel Maddow Show on MSNBC on March 15 , 2010 , and doubled down .
Here 's how that went :
Maddow : " Where does the establishment of intimacy thing come from ?
Where in Massachusetts law or in the Supreme Court ruling does it say the establishment of intimacy ? "
Maddow said she had spent the afternoon looking for it , but could n't find it anywhere .
Hayworth : " As we went back and reviewed that document back when the argument was made , the high court in Massachusetts defined marriage in a rather amorphous fashion , simply as quote , the establishment of intimacy .
Now I think we all agree there 's much more to marriage than that . "
Maddow : " Sir , I 'm sorry , it did n't . "
Hayworth : " Okay , you and I have a disagreement . "
Maddow then cited several uses of the word " intimacy " in the Supreme Court ruling .
Maddow : " The establishment of intimacy as the definition of marriage , it 's just not there , let alone the horse thing .
What you said about the establishment of intimacy being the definition of marriage in Massachusetts , I do n't think it 's true , sir . "
Hayworth : " Well , that 's fine .
You and I can have a disagreement about that . "
Maddow : " Well , it either is true or it is n't , it ’s empirical . "
Hayworth : " I appreciate the fact that we have a disagreement on that . "
We 're with Maddow here .
This is n't a matter of legal interpretation .
The Massachusetts Supreme Court did not define marriage " simply as quote , the establishment of intimacy . "
And when Hayworth inserts the word " quote , " the expectation is that he 's directly quoting the phrase " establishment of intimacy " from the ruling .
He 's not .
The ruling does n't contain that phrase .
Hayworth prefaced his statement by saying he was making an absurd point .
We 'll give him that .
It 's absurd , all right .
It 's also wrong .
We give this one a , quote , Pants on Fire !
In 2010 , as in 2007 , the entire technology industry gathered at the Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas , only to have the hot tech news of the week usurped by a smartphone announcement back in the Bay Area .
In 2007 , it was the announcement of the iPhone at Macworld Expo .
This year , Google tried to replicate the experience by calling a media - only event of its own to announce the Nexus One , the first device running the search - engine giant ’s Android operating system to be sold directly by Google .
Unlike the iPhone announcement , which was revolutionary , the Nexus One announcement marked the evolution of Android .
A few months before , Motorola ’s Droid was announced as the first Android phone that could really compete with the iPhone .
I tried a Droid and , quite frankly , came away disappointed .
But the Nexus One , with its fast processor and streamlined design , looked like it was worth a test drive .
With a new Nexus
One in hand , provided on loan from Google , I spent several days using the Nexus One as my only smartphone , and another week with it in one pocket and my iPhone 3GS in another .
But my purpose here is not to review the Nexus One — you can read Ginny Mies ’s full review ( ) for those details .
I 'm here to look at the Nexus One and consider where it ’s better than the iPhone , where there are notable differences , and how Apple ’s platform might progress when we see the next generation of iPhone hardware and software .
How does the Nexus One rate as a smart phone ?
It ’s a really good device .
It outdoes the iPhone in a few areas , and its weaknesses show that Apple ’s device still has some serious advantages .
A Mac user with Android
When I first mentioned I was trying out a Nexus One , I heard from a collection of Mac users who seemed stunned by the idea that any Mac user would use a non-Apple smartphone .
Yes , it ’s true that many smartphone operating systems —
I ’m thinking Windows Mobile and BlackBerry — have been indifferent or even hostile to Mac users in the past .
Android seems different .
In fact , Android does n’t seem to have been designed with the existence of personal computers in mind .
You can use an Android phone even if you never , ever connect it to a computer .
That said , I found using the Nexus One with my Mac to be easy .
It helped that I already sync my iCal calendars with Google Calendar using BusyMac ’s $ 25 BusySync ( ) utility .
Because of that , all I had to do was point the Nexus One at those calendars , and the phone was in sync with the data my Mac .
The Nexus one ships with a built - in Gmail client , but it ’s also got a separate app that ’s a full - fledged IMAP client , which I connected with my work and personal e-mail accounts .
That was easy .
It ’s easy to access the Nexus One ’s onboard microSD memory card , either by connecting the phone to your Mac and mounting it directly or ( slightly less conveniently ) by removing it entirely and using a card reader to do the job .
Once the card is mounted , you can just drag music , videos , and photos onto it and they ’ll be recognized by the built - in Music and Gallery ( photo / video player ) apps .
But that ’s not a very friendly solution .
Better is to use Salling Software ’s Salling Media Sync utility ( $ 22 , free - but - slow - to - sync version also available ) , which automatically syncs your iTunes playlists and iPhoto albums when you mount the memory card .
Is the Nexus One as integrated into the Mac experience as the iPhone ?
Absolutely not .
But if you integrate your Mac with Google ’s data services — most specifically Google Calendar — the Nexus One will fit in nicely .
It ’s not as seamless as the Apple experience , to be sure , but it ’s not hostile , either .
Things I wish the iPhone had
When the iPhone first hit the scene , it was far ahead of any other device in almost every way .
( There were exceptions , of course , like support for MMS messaging and voice dialing . )
The entire smartphone market has transformed over the past two years in reaction to the iPhone — and in some areas that game of catch - up has turned into leapfrog .
There ’s no doubt that the Nexus One has some features that I find superior to what ’s available on the iPhone .
The screen resolution .
The Nexus One ’s screen is slightly larger than the iPhone ’s ( 3.7 inches diagonal versus 3.5 ) .
But while the iPhone ’s screen is 320 pixels wide by 480 pixels high , the Nexus One ’s is 480 wide by 800 high .
That ’s 2.5 times more pixels than the iPhone offers , and it shows , most especially in the playback of videos and photos and in the Nexus One ’s crisp text .
( Nexus One ’s screen is based on OLED technology , which generates vibrant colors and looks great in most environments , but really suffers in bright sunlight . )
A more flexible home screen .
The iPhone ’s home screen was originally designed for a device with a fixed number of apps , all of which Apple could display on a single screen .
With the advent of the App Store , Apple expanded the metaphor — by adding more pages with more app icons .
Page after page of icons .
Every app you download will , in fact , show up on one of those pages until you fill them all up .
The Nexus One will let you fill your home screen with icons , if you like .
But you can choose which apps show up on the home screens ; to bring up a scrollable list of every app on your phone , you tap the app button at the bottom center of the screen .
It ’s a nice way to give you quick access to your favorites , while also keeping every app within reach .
The iPhone ’s home screen will only make space for iPhone apps and saved Safari shortcuts .
In contrast , the Nexus One lets you save shortcuts to important contacts , phone numbers , map directions , and even items from third - party apps ( such as individual e-books or FourSquare check - in locations ) .
Oh , and you can also add widgets …
Widgets .
Widgets are small mini-programs that run right on your home screen .
For example , one built - in widget displays your current weather and scrolls through news headlines .
Another is a Google search box .
Yet another lets you quickly turn off some basic phone settings , including Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , and GPS .
I quickly added a calendar widget to my home screen , which shows me my next appointment — and doubles as a shortcut I can tap to take me to the full Calendar app .
None of the Widgets are mandatory .
You can add or remove them at will .
But I like them .
That same information is there behind every app on my iPhone ; I just have to tap individual apps to bring it forward .
Now when I look at my iPhone , I see a wall of apps waiting for me to tap them .
On the Nexus One , I see what I need to do next and what music I ’m currently listening to ( with a control to quickly pause or move to the next track ) .
It ’s a good idea .
Notifications .
The iPhone does n’t do notifications very well .
If it wants to get your attention , it throws up a window with a message that interrupts what you ’re doing , and that ’s it .
It also does n’t deal with multiple notifications well — they ’re just a series of those same single notifications .
If you dismiss one accidentally , you ca n’t find it again .
It ’s a system designed for a simpler time , and with thousands of apps and a spiffy push - notification service any developer can use , that time is gone .
Android on the Nexus One , on the other hand , has a new notification trick .
It can pulse the light on its trackball to let you know something ’s going on .
And to see your notifications , you can pull down the menubar at the top of the screen .
It ’s easy to see all the notifications at a glance , and you can tap on one to go to the relevant app .
I ca n’t say I think Android handles notifications perfectly .
This is an instance where Android may do something that the iPhone can't do , but does n't pull it off in a way that really satisfies me .
Or to put it another way , Android does more to address the problem , but does n’t completely solve it .
There ’s a better answer here , and neither Android nor iPhone has found it .
Multitasking .
Every time I talk to someone who is a fan of the Android platform , the first advantage over the iPhone they say to me is that Android can run more than one app at a time , while the iPhone can ’t .
It would be more accurate to say that the iPhone wo n’t run any third - party apps in the background : since day one , the iPhone ’s iPod app has been able to run in the background ( otherwise you could n’t play music while doing anything else ) , and of course telephone and notification services are always running , as is e-mail if you ’ve got it set to auto - check .
In iPhone OS 3.0 , Apple added the ability for Safari to run in the background , meaning you can now stream audio from Internet radio stations in the background while running other apps .
( It ’s ugly , but it really does work . )
In any event , these tiny bits of multitasking in the iPhone do n’t address the larger issue , which is that some apps really need to be able to run in the background in order to reach their fullest potential .
The poster - boy app for this cause is Pandora , the streaming - music service .
Pandora ’s not a faceless MP3 stream that you can play in Safari ; it ’s interactive , allowing you to customize your stations and control playback .
Still , you should be able to start playing it , then switch to another app , then switch back to Pandora when you want to interact with the service .
On the iPhone , that ’s currently impossible : if you want to listen to Pandora , you ca n’t do anything else with your phone .
Another good candidate would be GPS - based apps , such as photo loggers , or running / biking loggers , or location - based social - networking services such as Loopt and Google Latitude .
There are a few other uses , too .
In any event , Android lets apps run in the background .
If you are n’t paying attention , you would n’t notice most of the time .
Using the Nexus One , I never ran into a situation where I needed to find and quit apps in order to speed things up .
Running apps in the background can cause your battery to drain faster ; that ’s the top reason that Apple says it has avoided adding background capability for third - party apps .
I get that , but if I want to drain my battery listening to Pandora , or receiving notifications every time anyone mentions me on Twitter , I ’d like to be able to make that decision .
I do n’t think that Apple needs to implement the same philosophy of multitasking as Android .
There should probably just be a special class of apps that are allowed to run background tasks , and users would be able to choose whether they want them to run them that way .
Perhaps Apple could require those apps to undergo an extended approval process .
But there needs to be something .
It ’s an absolute joy to run Pandora in the background on the Nexus One , and it ’s a clear Android advantage over the iPhone .
Combined e-mail inbox .
It ’s a feature that ’s been on Macworld ’s wish list since the original iPhone came out , and yet Apple has never addressed it .
A lot of us — most notably anyone who has work mail come to one e-mail account and personal mail come to another — have more than one e-mail account !
And yet , to check your mail on your iPhone , you need to perform a ritual dance on your iPhone .
Tap into an account , tap on Inbox , check your mail , then tap the back button twice , then tap on your other account , tap on Inbox again , and check that mail .
Apple ’s Mac Mail app provides a unified Inbox ; why not the iPhone ?
Thanks to Android , the Nexus One does provide such a feature .
The main screen of the built - in Mail program lists all your e-mail accounts and , above it , a combined inbox ( along with options to view starred mail and any drafts you might have ) .
It ’s not perfect — some indication of which mail came from which account might be a nice feature — but it ’s much more convenient than doing the iPhone tap dance .
( With that praise out of the way , let me take a moment to criticize something about the Nexus One ’s e-mail system .
Google ships not one , but two separate e-mail programs on the phone .
One , Gmail , only works with Google ’s own mail system , and it supports all the features of that service , including the ability to view conversations in a chain just as you can on the Web version of Gmail .
Then there ’s Mail , which supports your standard array of POP , IMAP , and Exchange e-mail accounts .
It ’s kind of a mess .
Why not just have one app that displays snazzy Gmail features when they ’re available , and not when they ’re not ? )
Free access to the music library .
The music on the iPhone is largely locked in , loaded via iTunes sync .
With the release of the iTunes app for the iPhone , you can now buy and download media on the phone and then sync it back to iTunes .
But third - party apps do n’t get to modify the library in any way .
In contrast , Android gives access to its media library to all comers .
( Though to be fair , calling it a “ library ” gives a bit more credit than it deserves —
The library is just a collection of files on an SD card that the Music app re-scans every time the card is updated . )
Last week , the KDE community officially released KDE Software Compilation 4.4 , a significant update of the open source desktop environment and its associated application stack .
The new version delivers some user interface improvements , enhanced usability , new features , additional software , and a number of important bug fixes .
Window management improvements
Window management is one area where users can find particularly noteworthy improvements in KDE SC 4.4 .
KDE 's KWin window manager has new visual effects and functionality , including long - awaited support for window grouping .
This feature makes it possible for users to combine their windows into tabbed groups for easier and more streamlined window management .
In the following screenshot , you can see a terminal window , a file management window , and the Qassel IRC client tied together in a tab group .
The grouped windows will move together and behave like a singular window entity .
Several windows combined into a tabbed group
Users can create a tab group by middle - clicking a window titlebar and dragging it over the titlebar of another window .
You can also use the middle - click dragging method to break a window out of a tab group or to reorder the tabs within a group .
KDE 's Oxygen window decoration theme was augmented to accommodate the new tab feature .
The tabs are displayed in combined titlebar that has a segment for each window in the group .
When you are moving the tabs around within the titlebar , the Oxygen theme employs some subtle animated transitions to make the tab changes feel more natural .
Another great addition to KWin is support for desktop edge snapping , which makes it easy to maximize a window along one of the screen edges .
This feature appears to be modeled after the popular Aero Snap feature that Microsoft introduced in Windows 7 .
You can maximize a window by dragging it to the top of the screen or you can tile two windows horizontally in a side - by - side arrangement by dragging them to the left and right screen edges .
Windows tiled with edge snapping in KDE SC 4.4
It 's a nice feature , but I 'd really like to see the developers take it to the next level by enabling richer tiling than a mere side - by - side view .
Fortunately , there is a project under active development that could eventually introduce true Ion - style tiled window management to KWin with support for dynamic resizing .
It 's an ongoing effort and was n't ready for inclusion in 4.4 .
The virtual desktop grid effect , which shows a birds - eye view of the user 's virtual desktops , got a really clever improvement in 4.4 .
When you activate the grid , it will also simultaneously activate the Expose - style Present Windows effect on all of the desktops so that you can see every single open window at a glance .
When you drag a window from one desktop to another in the grid mode , it will automatically reorganize the thumbnails so that all of the windows are still visible .
Four virtual desktops displayed with the desktop grid feature
Nepomuk integration
KDE 's Nepomuk search framework is more tightly integrated in KDE SC 4.4 .
One of the new features introduced on top of Nepomuk is the timeline file view , which makes it easy to see which files were used on a specific day .
It uses KDE 's KIO virtual filesystem framework , so it is integrated directly into the file manager and file dialogs .
The idea was inspired by Zeitgeist , a GNOME project that is working to enable journal - like file management .
A Nepomuk - powered timeline view in the Dolphin file manager
Nepomuk made it trivially easy for a KDE developer to implement roughly comparable functionality .
Because it 's exposed through KIO , it acts just like a regular filesystem .
You can descend into a " folder " for an individual date and see all of the files that were used on that day .
KDE developer Sebastian Trug described the feature in a blog entry back in October .
Nepomuk also powers a new search interface that has been added to Dolphin .
It allows you to perform granular searches on a number of different parameters .
It takes advantage of KDE 's Strigi service , which performs full - text indexing on a wide range of different types of documents .
I did n't have much luck getting the search feature to work in Dolphin during my tests , but I suspect that the problems I encountered were due to distro integration issues .
It 's sometimes difficult to get the full KDE experience when you have to use an unreleased distro version .
Searching for files in the Dolphin file manager
There is a lot of really compelling technology being built on top of Nepomuk in the KDE ecosystem .
The developers hope to use it to enable a semantic desktop , an environment in which meaningfully related data is linked together .
On an abstract level , this could mean a lot of different things .
In KDE , it 's principally about leveraging file metadata to break down the walls between applications and different kinds of content — such as files , contacts , messages , and media .
This notion of a semantic desktop was a fundamental part of the KDE vision , but it has taken a long time for its practical value to rise to the surface .
Nepomuk is finally reaching the requisite level of maturity to deliver on its promises .
The timeline view is a pretty good example of how Nepomuk can radically simplify the development of functionality that has real - world usefulness .
The underlying technology behind Nepomuk represents years of work and millions of euros in development costs , a substantial portion of which was supplied by the European Union .
It 's arguably an important contribution to the advancement of modern computing .
KDE users will be among the first to benefit from this research .
For additional details about the ongoing effort to integrate Nepomuk in KDE , I recommend reading Trug 's overview of the work on the project that took place in 2009 .
Plasma improvements
KDE 's Plasma desktop shell has continued to evolve .
There are some nice usability improvements in this release , particularly a new widget manager .
In previous versions of Plasma , the list of available widgets was displayed as a scrolling list in a dialog window .
The new version has a widget organizer that can pop out of the Plasma panel container .
The Plasma widget organizer in KDE SC 4.4
The organizer , which looks a lot like the widget manager in Apple 's Dashboard system , is a horizontal strip that displays large icons for each Plasmoid .
You can drag a Plasmoid out of the strip and embed it in a panel or place it on the desktop .
The organizer has filtering elements that you can click to view a subset of the widgets by category .
You can also search and see a list of widgets that match your query .
New software and plasmoids
KDE 's Social Desktop project , which was introduced in KDE 4.3 , has advanced a bit in this release .
The Social Desktop software uses KDE's OpenDesktop APIs to interact with KDE - Look.org and other popular websites in that network .
The APIs are all open and documented with the aim of enabling third - party Web service providers to build compatible implementations .
In KDE SC 4.4 , the Social Desktop widgets have been updated .
There is now a dedicated activity stream widget , which shows what your friends are doing on OpenDesktop - enabled sites .
The Plasma netbook shell , which we reviewed last year , has improved considerably .
KDE SC 4.4 is the first version to tout the alternate netbook interface as an officially - supported option .
The netbook interface allows users to arrange their Plasmoids in a " newspaper " layout that behaves like a flowing grid .
It 's an optimal view for netbooks and other small form - factor devices .
Distro notes
I tested KDE SC 4.4 on a prerelease daily build of the upcoming Kubuntu 10.04 .
Although I typically favor openSUSE as a reference distribution for KDE reviews due to its superior integration , I ran into a number of packaging issues when I attempted to install KDE SC 4.4 from openSUSE 's build service .
After several unsuccessful attempts to get it up and running , I fell back to Kubuntu , which worked without a hitch .
I do n't typically discuss distro issues at length in KDE reviews , but I wanted to note that I 'm increasingly satisfied with Kubuntu as a KDE distribution .
It has , perhaps , overcome some of the early obstacles that prevented it from truly rivaling openSUSE and Mandriva as first - class KDE distributions .
It 's still not perfect for pre-release testing , but it got the job done .
For users who want to do hands - on testing with KDE SC 4.4 today , I can recommend it as one potential option .
The openSUSE developers say that they will be making a live CD available soon that should supply a working 4.4 environment out of the box .
If you want to test it with openSUSE , you are probably better off waiting for that rather than trying to dive in today with openSUSE Factory .
Conclusion
KDE has come a very long way since the initial 4.0 release in 2008 .
It 's a very modern desktop with a lot of rich and impressive features .
KDE enthusiasts will find a whole lot to like in 4.4 , and users who were put off by the instability and missing functionality of previous releases might want to give it another look .
For more details and some demo videos , check out the official release announcement .
Twitter is a networking haven for businesses .
But is there an easy way to draw the right people to you with Twitter ?
The answer is yes and there ’s a great Twitter feature that can help you : Twitter lists .
Twitter lists can grab the interest of people you most want to meet , help you make a great first impression and can help you with marketing segmentation .
Below I ’ll show you some unique ways to use Twitter lists .
But first …
How Do Twitter Lists Work ?
Twitter lists creates separate lists of people .
If you have n’t already used Twitter lists , watch this video to see how you can get started .
There are two interesting points to remember about Twitter lists :
You do n’t need to “ follow ” people on Twitter to include them in your lists .
You can have both public and private lists .
Now here ’s a look at what you can do with Twitter lists .
# 1 : Listen with Private Lists
Twitter lists are great to monitor and listen to different groups of people .
No - one else can see your private lists , so this is a good place to start using the Twitter list feature .
You can create private lists to :
Monitor your competitors
Carry out specific market research
Keep track of different networks of friends and colleagues
Private Twitter lists can help you segment the fire hose of information streaming in through your Twitter feed , according to Rohit Bhargava .
Segmenting people into lists also helps you more effectively listen to and monitor your market .
John Jantsch says
Twitter lists make it easier to listen to what others have to say .
Learn how to improve your YouTube engagement and sales with this new online training .
Event starts September 28th !
MASTER YOUTUBE STARTS SEP .
28 LEARN MORE
And monitoring people without following them makes it easy to carry out specific market research or intelligence gathering .
Once you ’ve finished doing your market research , you can simply delete your list without making any changes to the people you usually follow .
# 2 : Craft Your Brand With Public Lists
There ’s not much space to brand yourself on your Twitter profile page .
You do have space for a few words in the bio box and you can add in background graphics .
But you can also add another dimension to your branding by carefully crafting your public Twitter lists .
Here ’s how .
Choose appropriate names for your lists
Spend some time finding the best name for your list .
There are a few things to keep in mind when naming your Twitter lists :
Get YouTube Marketing Training - Online !
Want to improve your engagement and sales with YouTube ?
Then join the largest and best gathering of YouTube marketing experts as they share their proven strategies .
You ’ll receive step - by - step live instruction focused on YouTube strategy , video creation , and YouTube ads .
Become the YouTube marketing hero for your company and clients as you implement strategies that get proven results .
This is a live online training event from your friends at Social Media Examiner .
CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS — STARTS SEPTEMBER 28TH !
Engage the right people .
You ’ll get more people interested in looking at your list if the name sparks their interest .
.
You ’ll get more people interested in looking at your list if the name sparks their interest .
Remember to communicate with everyone .
Do n’t limit your audience .
The right name could help you reach more of the people you want to connect with .
.
Do n’t limit your audience .
The right name could help you reach more of the people you want to connect with .
The SEO bonus .
Another reason to think about how you label your lists is for search engine optimization ( SEO ) .
Look at the screenshot below .
This Twitter list is in a good position in Google search results for a competitive keyword .
The bad news is that if you change the name of your list , the URL of your Twitter list changes too and you ’ll lose the people following that list .
So take some time to get this right .
Choose appropriate Twitter lists for your public profile
When creating your Twitter lists , you want to think of how lists help you :
Connect with your Twitter followers
Achieve your main goal for using Twitter
Continue the story you began in your Twitter bio
As you build up a following on Twitter , your followers will be interested in your Twitter lists .
The choice of Twitter lists found on your Twitter home page is important for engaging with people .
Choose the number of public lists
Remember , there ’s a limited amount of space available for your Twitter lists on your home page .
Although you can create a larger number of lists , only about 4 to 6 will appear on your home page depending on the character length of the names of your lists .
Your audience will have to click on the “ View all ” link to see all of your lists if you have more than this .
So you may want to think carefully about the number of lists you want to create and the order in which you create them .
Put your most relevant lists at the top .
Advertise your Twitter lists
Create Twitter widgets for specific
Twitter lists and put them up on your blog or website to engage people and establish your areas of interest and expertise .
Better Marketing With Twitter Lists
Twitter ’s list feature can add some extra marketing power to your Twitter strategy if you take some time to get it right .
You also need to find the right way to make your lists work for you .
This will depend on your goals for Twitter , your audience and how they like to connect with you .
A good Twitter list improves your visibility in your market .
Here are a few more benefits :
The people you follow in your public lists will appreciate the recognition .
By providing a useful resource , you ’ll increase your credibility in your market and attract more followers .
As you become more popular , you ’ll be listed on other people ’s lists .
This is another way to measure your social media influence .
What are your thoughts about Twitter lists ?
How are you using them ?
Do you regularly follow other lists ?
Please share your thoughts and comments below .
Increase your reach , create amazing engagement , and sell more with YouTube !
Get online training .
Event starts September 28th !
MASTER YOUTUBE STARTS SEP .
28 LEARN MORE
Duke of Burgundy needs cowslips and rough grassland to survive after UK survey records worst ever year in 2009
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Britain 's rarest butterfly , the Duke of Burgundy , is teetering on the brink of extinction after suffering its worst summer since records began .
Fifty years ago this small , pugnacious insect was a common sight in English woods , but intensive farming and changing woodland management mean it is now found in significant numbers in just five countryside colonies .
" I 'm not sure it 's at a point of no return but it is in the last - chance saloon , " said Martin Warren , chief executive of the charity Butterfly Conservation .
In the last decade the number of Duke of Burgundy colonies has fallen from 200 to fewer than 80 , most of which contain a tiny number of adults that could be wiped out in a single poor summer .
Despite a fine spring and above average summer temperatures , which brought a spectacular invasion of immigrant painted ladies , heavy rain last July and August hit many species .
The next most endangered butterfly in Britain , the high brown fritillary , had its worst year , while another rarity , the pearl - bordered fritillary , had its second worst year .
Butterflies were counted on more than 1,000 sites across Britain by hundreds of volunteers for the UK Butterfly Monitoring Scheme run by Butterfly Conservation and the UK Centre for Ecology and Hydrology .
Overall , there was a small recovery for Britain 's 59 butterfly species after 2008 , which was the worst summer for more than 25 years .
Climate change is helping some species – the comma is spreading north into Scotland while the speckled wood , ringlet and green - veined white thrived in the damp but not particularly cold weather .
But according to Warren , the loss of suitable habitat for Duke of Burgundies and high brown fritillaries is outstripping any beneficial effect from a warming world , while the increased incidence of heavy summer rain may be killing off butterflies before they can reproduce .
" We 've had this run of poor summers which has knocked these species down even further and they 've got very little resilience to bounce back , " said Warren .
While the Duke of Burgundy enjoyed an almost unprecedented second brood on one site in the Cotswolds last year – when adult butterflies emerged in September – this could further hit its populations as the autumn conditions are too harsh for this second brood to successfully produce offspring .
Lepidopterists hope conservation projects will save the high brown and pearl - bordered fritillaries but Warren said emergency management would be needed to ensure the Duke of Burgundy has the right mix of cowslips and rough grassland to survive .
If not , it would become the first British butterfly to fall extinct
Just days after holding a rally in Washington , Tea Party activists returned Saturday to make one final stand against the health care reform bill ahead of an expected Sunday vote .
Thousands of Tea Partiers descended upon the Capitol in an effort to derail the march toward " Obamacare " by pressuring undecided lawmakers to vote " no " Sunday .
At times protestors broke into chants of " Kill the bill ! "
More than 60 Tea Party affiliates organized the event in the four days since Tuesday 's rally after organizers were flooded with requests to hold another one for those who could n't take off of work for the first one .
Saturday 's event featured actor Jon Voight , Reps. Mike Pence , R - Ind. , chairman of the House Republican Conference , Michele Bachmann , R- Minn. , and Steve King , R - Iowa .
" This is the final push , and the Democrats ' last ditch effort to push through the most unpopular legislation in years , " Bachmann said .
Bachmann rejected the notion that the Tea Partiers were gathering too late to stop House Democrats who appear close to having the 216 votes required to pass the bill on Sunday .
" They 're exactly on time , " she told Fox News at the rally .
" Over 25,000 Americans came here practically on 24 - hour notice .
They can't wait to be the welcome wagon for President Barack Obama when he comes this afternoon for a meeting with House Democrats . "
After the rally , Tea Partiers plan to confront undecided Democratic lawmakers in their congressional offices and convince them to vote against the bill .
Ana Puig of Pennsylvania said she came with eight busloads of Tea Partiers .
" The people are excited , " she said .
" They feel this is our last chance to really let these people here at the House know that we do n't want them to pass this bill .
It 's unconstitutional . "
Puig said opponents are ready to " fight like hell to repeal this bill if it goes through . "
" The Tea Party Movement is real , " she said .
" We are here for the long haul .
This is just the beginning for us . "
On trial , a Pill for men : 80 British couples test drug that frees women from the burden of family planning
Trials : Doctors believe a male contraceptive jab will liberate women from the burden of family planning by letting partners share responsibility
British couples are taking part in trials of a male contraceptive jab said to be as effective as the Pill .
Doctors believe it will liberate women from the burden of family planning by letting partners share responsibility .
Professor Richard Anderson , who is heading one of two year - long trials , said : ‘ A lot of women may think it ’s time men took their turn . ’
The news will also be welcomed by women worried about the Pill ’s links to breast cancer and fatal blood clots .
The drawback is that it depends on men making regular trips to their GP - and women trusting them to do so .
Studies have shown that many men would also welcome a male jab or pill , while increasing the types of contraception available could help cut unplanned pregnancies .
But the shift in responsibility also raises the possibility of pregnant women trying to sue their former partners .
Sixty couples in Manchester and 20 in Edinburgh are taking part in the trials , part of intensive global research .
The contraceptive , given in two injections every two months , tricks the brain into shutting off sperm production .
It contains the male sex hormone testosterone and a man-made version of the female sex hormone progesterone and when the brain senses them , it reduces the levels of other hormones which control sperm production and maturation .
Doctors say it is effective in 99 per cent of cases and sperm counts should rapidly return to normal once the injections are stopped .
The jab is one of several male contraceptives being developed by drug companies eager for a share of the £ 20 billion - plus spent globally each year on the female Pill .
Professor Anderson , of the University of Edinburgh , believes the jab will prove popular with both sexes .
But because it will not protect against sexually - transmitted infections such as chlamydia , it is most likely to appeal to those in a committed relationship .
The professor said : ‘ When we carried out surveys of women , they were enormously enthusiastic .
‘ The single most common reason was that they wanted to share the responsibility for contraception .
You are not sleeping with men , you are sleeping with one particular man you are sharing your bank accounts and everything else with .
‘ It ’s not that women want to control contraception because they could be “ left holding the baby ” .
In a strong relationship , you share everything , and this is part of it . ’
No serious side - effects are expected from the jab , although some men may experience hot flushes , mood swings or acne .
Dr Allan Pacey , a Sheffield University expert on male fertility , said male contraceptives had proved more difficult to develop than female ones but researchers were now ‘ homing in ’ on the right combination of drugs .
He said : ‘ Vasectomy is OK but although it is viewed as reversible it is n’t really , so it would be useful to have an alternative . ’
‘ The big sticking point is acceptability .
I think there is a lot of education needed to convince men that this jab does n’t make them less of a man . ’
Experts say the jab is still at least five years away from the market .
With its budget cut and the space shuttle fleet being retired next month NASA 's next destination is something of a mystery .
" It 's a simple question that NASA can't answer so easily anymore . "
For the first time in decades NASA has no plans set for where to go next , the ultimate goal to put a man on Mars is still there however without the budget to support new missions to the moon its not clear when and how this will be accomplished .
We received these photographs from Lt. Choi to publish and share with our readers from his training this past weekend , and he does express his deep apologies to the conference participants at Creating Change that he was not able to attend .
This past weekend at the NGLTF Creating Change conference , there was a notable absence that many have already tweeted and remarked about .
Lt. Dan Choi was supposed to lead a Knights
Out sponsored workshop on Friday morning about ending " Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell , " but was n't able to make it .
He was training with his National Guard unit .
Lt. Choi's Session
The wonderful Sue Fulton , another Knights Out leader , took charge and I will say that she handled Lt. Choi 's absence with incredible grace and skill , especially the disappointment by many of the delegates who were hoping to see and meet Lt. Choi .
I was very relieved though that when the announcement was made that he was not going to be in attendance , there was not a sudden exodus to the exits by the packed room .
Fulton did an incredible job of presenting the issue , while also leading a very valuable discussion on DADT , with other notable voices in the room that included scholar / author Nathaniel Frank and Knights
Out co-founder , Becky Kanis .
The workshop attendees were given the explanation that the reason for Lt. Choi 's absence was that he was called back for duty , and he had to attend training with his unit which happened to conflict with Creating Change .
This of course led to a lot of confusion for the delegates about what was going on , including myself , who had always thought that Lt. Choi was discharged and no longer able to serve .
Lt. Choi's Discharge
To clear everything up for our readers , I spoke to Lt. Choi at length earlier about what exactly the situation is .
Apparently , Lt. Choi's commander has always been in full support of him , and even after Lt. Choi came out on The Rachel Maddow Show , his commander did not press for his discharge .
The military did eventually serve Lt. Choi a discharge notification - essentially firing him from his job , but he was allowed to fight this at trial , and as it currently stands , the discharge has not been finalized .
Given the current state of how DADT is in such flux , and also , in my opinion , the prominence and celebrity of Lt. Choi , his discharge might never be fully enforced .
There was a part of me that was very heartened by this news , and that we definitely can take this as a sign of more progress on the repeal of DADT .
However , there was also a part of me that hopes Lt. Choi will still be a powerful voice , even as he rejoins his unit , especially as Congress debates on how this repeal will take shape .
For me , I will only accept as a victory a complete repeal of the policy , where service members can openly serve without any form of retribution or discrimination .
No segregation of units , no separate rules ( if they outlaw " homosexual conduct " they better also outlaw " heterosexual conduct " ) , and finally , the government enacts and enforces a non-discrimination policy that makes discrimination in hiring and firing based on one 's sexual orientation and gender expression forbidden .
To achieve this we need voices .
Powerful ones .
Lt. Choi is no doubt an incredibly persuasive voice .
He is also a person of color , and in a world where Asian American men are rarely given any voice in any debate , he shines at his rockstar ability to persuade , from the airwaves or Rachel Maddow to the offices of Senator Gillibrand .
I was heartened though to hear Lt. Choi 's response , when I asked him what he thinks his new voice might be as the repeal of DADT takes shape .
He spoke about perhaps helping the military implement a future non-discrimination policy , and advising in issues involving sensitivity trainings on LGBT issues .
But the comment that struck me the most was when he said , " Actions speak louder than words . "
It made sense all of a sudden , that the sheer act of him rejoining his unit and serving with everyone else , could be his most powerful voice in the debate so far .
That seeing an openly gay service member train and fight with his unit , is something that truly does speak louder than words .
I had an absolute blast at the conference .
I have attended every year since 2005 , and the highlight for me every time is the joy I have reconnecting with long time activist friends and then always also meeting new ones .
This conference was especially meaningful since it was the first one for me as a Bilerico contributor , so I was able to finally meet in person a lot of the team that I read so much from .
( The issue of DADT , is of course very important for me as I have spent the last year working on a photography project of closeted military service members , and my first photography book from this series was just released and mentioned in the Los Angeles Times . )
Children who are mixed - handed , or ambidextrous , are more likely to have mental health , language and scholastic problems in childhood than right - or left - handed children , according to a new study published in the journal Pediatrics .
The researchers behind the study , from Imperial College London and other European institutions , suggest that their findings may help teachers and health professionals to identify children who are particularly at risk of developing certain problems .
Around one in every 100 people is mixed - handed .
The study looked at nearly 8,000 children , 87 of whom were mixed - handed , and found that mixed - handed 7 and 8 - year old children were twice as likely as their right - handed peers to have difficulties with language and to perform poorly in school .
When they reached 15 or 16 , mixed - handed adolescents were also at twice the risk of having symptoms of attention deficit / hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) .
They were also likely to have more severe symptoms of ADHD than their right - handed counterparts .
It is estimated that ADHD affects between 3 to 9 percent of school - aged children and young people .
The adolescents also reported having greater difficulties with language than those who were left - or right - handed .
This is in line with earlier studies that have linked mixed - handedness with dyslexia .
Little is known about what makes people mixed - handed but it is known that handedness is linked to the hemispheres in the brain .
Previous research has shown that where a person 's natural preference is for using their right hand , the left hemisphere of their brain is more dominant .
advertisement
Some researchers have suggested that mixed - handedness indicates that the pattern of dominance is not that which is typically seen in most people , i.e. it is less clear that one hemisphere is dominant over the other .
One study has suggested that ADHD is linked to having a weaker function in the right hemisphere of the brain , which could help explain why some of the mixed - handed students in the study had symptoms of ADHD .
Dr Alina Rodriguez , the lead researcher on the study from the School of Public Health at Imperial College London , said : " Mixed - handedness is intriguing -- we do n't know why some people prefer to make use of both hands when most people use only one .
Our study is interesting because it suggests that some children who are mixed handed experience greater difficulties in school than their left - and right - handed friends .
We think that there are differences in the brain that might explain these difficulties , but there needs to be more research .
" Because mixed - handedness is such a rare condition , the number of mixed - handed children we were able to study was relatively small , but our results are statistically and clinically significant .
That said , our results should not be taken to mean that all children who are mixed - handed will have problems at school or develop ADHD .
We found that mixed - handed children and adolescents were at a higher risk of having certain problems , but we'd like to stress that most of the mixed - handed children we followed did n't have any of these difficulties , " added Dr Rodriguez .
To study the effects of mixed - handedness , Dr Rodriguez and her colleagues looked at prospective data from a cohort of 7,871 children from Northern Finland .
Using questionnaires , the researchers assessed the children when they reached 7 to 8 years of age and again at 15 to 16 years of age .
When the children were aged 8 , the researchers asked parents and teachers to assess their linguistic abilities , scholastic performance and behaviour .
The teachers reported whether children had difficulties in reading , writing or mathematics and rated the children 's academic performance as below average , average or above average .
The adolescents ' parents and the adolescents themselves completed follow - up questionnaires when they were 15 - 16 years of age , with the children evaluating their school performance in relation to their peers and the parents assessing their children 's behaviour , on a questionnaire that is widely used to identify ADHD symptoms .
The research was funded by the Academy of Finland ; Sigrid Juselius Foundation , Finland ; Thule Institute , University of Oulu , Finland ; and the National Institute of Mental Health .
Dr Rodriguez received support from VINNMER .
A Korean otaku has married his Fate Testarossa dakimakura , with Korean media dutifully covering both his dating activities with the anime - inspired pillow , and the ceremony where the couple became man and pillowcase .
Fate Testarossa is of course already well known as the character perpetually vying with Nanoha for the position of most popular magical girl in Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha .
Here he takes her out on a date to the theme park , accompanied by a TV crew :
A dinner at a restaurant – Fate seems to be enjoying her meal :
His room :
The groom kisses his new wife at the ceremony :
This of course comes not so long after a man married his DS / Nene , and some time after an otaku petition for the right to wed 2D characters .
Although not an issue ever likely to be taken seriously when dealing with printed cotton sheets , once simulated virtual partners and companion robots become commonplace the matter might become rather more pressing .
In this blog post , I ’ll only go through the features that are developed specifically for Linux Mint .
System
USB - Creator will be added to the default software selection .
apturl will be added to the system .
In memory of Husse , a new fortune database gathering his best quotes will be added to the pool of random messages that appear when you open a terminal .
apt is getting three more commands : “ apt hold < package > ” , “ apt unhold < package > ” and “ apt held ” .
These commands are shortcuts to “ echo < package > hold | dpkg – set - selections ” , “ echo < package > install | dpkg – set - selections ” and “ dpkg – get - selections | grep hold ” .
Menu
You can now edit items directly from the menu .
If you want to change the name , the icon , the description or even the command for a particular application , just right - click on it and select “ Edit Properties ” .
If your graphics card allows it ( you need compositing for this to work ) , you can change the transparency of the menu .
Go in the preferences , select the “ Options ” tab and change the percentage of opacity .
There are two new context menu item to let you easily add shortcuts to the panel or the desktop .
An option which you can enabled to “ always start with the favourites ” .
Update Manager
The brown lock icons are gone .
We ’re replacing them with white shields .
They look better and their meaning is a little more obvious .
You ’ll only see an error icon when something is actually wrong , for instance if your software sources are malformed .
If the Update Manager is n’t able to assess the status of your updates ( say there ’s no connection to the Internet , or another APT application is running ) it wo n’t consider it an error .
In simple words , you wo n’t be seeing a broken lock or an error icon unless something needs fixing .
Community Website
Although it ’s not part of the Linux Mint 9 release itself , it ’s development and its announcement will be in sync with Isadora .
It will also replace the current Software Portal and act as the Web equivalent to the new Software Manager .
You can submit , comment and vote ideas to improve the distribution .
The Hardware Database shows you what hardware works out the box with Linux Mint .
It ’s particularly useful if you want to go shopping and you ’re wondering about compatibility .
If you ’ve got problems with a particular device , the Hardware Database also shows you which other users own that device , how did they make it work and how you can contact them if needed .
The Software Portal shows all the packages available in the repositories .
You can browse them by categories , rate them , review them , and even submit a screenshot .
Software Manager
The Software Manager , mintinstall , was rewritten from scratch .
It features the best ideas from the original mintinstall , Gnome App - Install and the new Ubuntu Software Center .
It ’s also much more efficient than the previous version , handling 30,000 + packages and asynchronous installation / removal of applications in less than 1,000 lines of code .
It ’s package - centric and it now features all the packages available on your system .
That ’s about 30,000 packages to choose from , compared to around 300 in the current version of mintinstall .
It uses and monitors the APT daemon , so when you click on the “ install ” button it just queues your action and processes it in the background .
At any time you can see all on - going actions , their progress and you can even cancel them .
It ’s completely asynchronous and independent from APT .
Say you ’ve decided to install 20 applications , your queue is full of progress bars and it ’s going to take time before it ’s all finished .
Well , nothing is stopping you from closing the Software Manager .
The actions will go on in the background .
And if you ever decide to launch the Software Manager again , just to see what ’s going on and what has n’t been installed yet , you can .
The queue will appear and inform you of the remaining ongoing processes .
The GUI is radically different .
It ’s inspired from the Ubuntu Software Center and it uses the Webkit engine to render parts of the interface in HTML / CSS .
Everything is single - click .
You can browse categories , applications , screenshots and even websites from the comfort of a single window .
In - development
All the improvements above are will be part of Linux Mint 9 .
Most of them are implemented and those which are not will be added very soon .
We ’re also planning on some other improvements , which , if everything goes according to schedule , should make it into Linux Mint 9 as well :
The ability to review applications directly from the Software Manager
Lesser and better suggestions in the Menu
Improved layout in the Menu
Brand new artwork ( we ’re experimenting with metal - looking themes and there are improvements planned for the Shiki theme as well )
New modules in the community website : blog , tutorials , FAQ
Upstream
It ’s too soon to talk about what ’s going on upstream but you can expect faster boot , the release will be an LTS release , there ’s going to be many little improvements in Gnome itself and of course we ’re getting a new kernel .
I saw the controversy about the position of the window buttons in Ubuntu 10.04 .
There ’s no plan to change anything in Linux Mint , we ’re happy with the buttons staying on the right - hand side and away from the File , Edit , View menus .
Apparently Sen. Al Franken ( D - Minn ) really likes watching TV shows on the Internet .
In written questions to Comcast and NBC Universal regarding their $ 30 - billion proposed marriage , Sen. Franken -- who has been one of the harshest critics of the deal -- wants Comcast and NBC Universal to promise that it will put all its television shows online .
He also wants assurances that shows that the companies put online be made available to every one and not just people who get their Internet service through Comcast .
We 're guessing that Comcast and NBC ( and heck , the rest of the media industry for that matter ) might find it a little pushy to require the companies to make all their content available online .
Seems that it should be up to the companies to make that call .
HBO , for example , resisted for a long time putting its shows online and is only now really venturing into that terrain .
As Franken notes in his questions to the two companies , " The Internet is the future of the media business . "
The media is pretty much in agreement with that .
At the same time , though , the industry is not quite sure yet how to ensure that the Internet is n't also the end of the media business .
Whether it is through charging for more content online or adding more advertising or being more selective with what goes online will be determined in the years to come .
At least Franken did n't request that Comcast and NBC Universal agree to put all their content online for free .
Odds are that would be a non-starter .
-- Joe Flint
Photo : Senator Al Franken .
Credit : Chris Kleponis / Getty Images .
室内如何装修 ？
1.室内的空间有没有得到很好的利用是在做室内装饰设计的基本任务,既要在这有限的空间里展现出不同的新意,把室内装修的更漂亮,又不沉溺在过去形成的室内设计的漩涡里。高大的空间让人产生兴奋、激动的心情,低矮的空间让人备受沉闷和压抑。
MUSEUM DONOR : Your name will be listed on the back of the Museum Proper cart , which is wheeled around the festival grounds by the protagonist for the entire length of the performance - this will be a permanent addition to the prop , and so your name will be presented as such in future performances .
Less
If you have followed this blog , you know that the naturalist and anthropologist Loren Eiseley is one of my favorite writers and thinkers .
Decades ago , when I read a collection of his essays called The Unexpected Universe , it changed my life forever , and I think , for the better .
In a prior post , I shared some passages from an essay called “ The Star Thrower ” from the book .
I hope you ’ll take a look at it if you have n’t read it already .
You can read the excerpt here .
But today , I want to share an excerpt from another story in this collection called “ The Innocent Fox . ”
It ’s about Eiseley ’s chance encounter with a fox pup after a night of wrestling with deep questions about the meaning of life , of death , and man ’s purpose and place in the universe .
Like his story about his encounter with the “ star thrower ” on the beaches of Costabel , “ The Innocent Fox ” has the power to change your life if you open your heart to it .
I know it changed mine .
It ’s a story I come back to again and again , because it ’s a kind of revelation of what we ’re here for and “ what it ’s all about , ” because in the end , it is all about love .
See if this encounter does n’t move you as well , when for a brief moment , we see the true face of the universe in the innocent face of a fox pup , reflected in the great heart and mind of this remarkable naturalist .
I offer this quote from The Unexpected Universe as a kind of prologue or introduction to where I pick up this essay :
“ Every time we walk along a beach some ancient urge disturbs us so that we find ourselves shedding shoes and garments or scavenging among seaweed and whitened timbers like the homesick refugees of a long war …
Mostly the animals understand their roles , but man , by comparison , seems troubled by a message that , it is often said , he cannot quite remember or has gotten wrong …
Bereft of instinct , he must search continually for meanings …
Man was a reader before he became a writer , a reader of what Coleridge once called the mighty alphabet of the universe . ”
The Innocent Fox
by Loren Eiseley
( excerpted from The Unexpected Universe )
We inhabit a spiritual twilight on this planet .
It is perhaps the most poignant of all the deprivations to which man has been exposed by nature .
I have said deprivation , but perhaps I should , rather , maintain that this feeling of loss is an unrealized anticipation .
We imagine we are day creatures , but we grope in a lawless and smoky realm toward an exit that eludes us .
We appear to know instinctively that such an exit exists .
I am not the first man to have lost is way only to find , if not a gate , a mysterious hole in a hedge that a child would know at once led to some other dimension as the world ’s end .
Such passageways exist , or man would not be here .
Not for nothing did Santayana once contend that life is a movement from the forgotten into the unexpected .
As adults , we are preoccupied with living .
As a consequence , we see little .
At the approach of age some men look about them at last and discover the hole in the hedge leading to the unforeseen .
By then , there is frequently no child companion to lead them safely through .
After one or two experiences of getting impaled on thorns , the most persistent individual is apt to withdraw and to assert angrily that no such opening exists .
My experience has been quite the opposite , but I have been fortunate .
After several unsuccessful but tantalizing trials , which I intend to disclose , I had the help , not of a child , but of a creature — a creature who , appropriately , came out of a quite unremarkable and prosaic den .
There was nothing , in retrospect , at all mysterious or unreal about him .
Nevertheless , the creature was baffling , just as , I suppose , to animals , man himself is baffling .
~
The episode occurred upon a unengaging and unfrequented shore .
It began in late after of day devoted at the start to ordinary scientific purposes .
There was the broken prow of a beached boat subsiding in heavy sand , left by the whim of ancient currents a long way distant from the shifting coast .
Somewhere on the horizon wavered the tenuous outlines of a misplaced building , growing increasingly insubstantial in the autumn light .
After my companions had taken their photographs and departed , their persistent voices were immediately seized upon and absorbed by the extending immensity of the incoming fog .
The fog trailed in wisps over the upturned ribs of the boat .
For a time , I could see it fingering the tracks of some small animal , as though engaged in a belated dialogue with the creature ’s mind .
The tracks crisscrossed a dune , and there the fog hesitated , as though puzzled .
Finally , it approached and enwrapped me , as though to peer in my face .
I was not frightened , but I also realized I was not intended immediately to leave .
I sat down then and rested my back against the overturned boat .
All around me the stillness intensified and the wandering tendrils of the fog continued their search .
Nothing escaped them ….
~
Finally , the dawn began to touch the sea , and then the worn timbers of the hulk beside which I had sheltered reddened just a little …
It was then that I saw the miracle .
I saw it because I was hunched at ground level , smelling rank of fox , and no longer gazing with upright human arrogance upon the things of the world .
I did not realize at first what it was I looked upon .
As my wandering attention centered , I saw nothing but two small projecting ears lit by the morning sun .
Beneath them , a small neat face look shyly up at me .
The ears moved at every sound , drank in the gull ’s cry and the far horn of a ship .
They crinkled , I began to realize , only with curiosity ; they had not learned to fear .
The creature was very young .
He was alone in a dread universe .
I crept on my knees around the prow and crouched beside him .
It was a small fox pup from a den under the timbers who looked up at me .
God knows what had become of his brothers and sisters .
His parent must not have been home from hunting .
He innocently selected what I think was a chicken bone from an untidy pile of splintered rubbish and shook it at my invitingly .
There was a vast playful humor in his face .
“ If there was only one fox in the world and I could kill him , I would do . ”
The words of a British poacher in a pub rasped in my ears .
I dropped even further and painfully away from human stature .
It has been said repeatedly that one can never , try as he will , get around to the front of the universe .
Man is destined to see only its far side , to realize nature only in retreat .
Yet here was the thing in the midst of the bones , the wide - eyed , innocent fox inviting me to play , with the innate courtesy of its two forepaws placed appealingly together , along with a mock shake of the head .
The universe was swinging in some fantastic fashion to present its face , and the face was so small that the universe itself was laughing .
It was not a time for human dignity .
It was a time only for careful observance of amenities written behind the stars .
Gravely I arranged my forepaws while the puppy whimpered with ill - concealed excitement .
I drew the breath of a fox ’s den into my nostrils .
On impulse , I picked up clumsily a whiter bone and shook it in teeth that had not entirely forgotten their original purpose .
Round and round we tumbled for one ecstatic moment .
We were the innocent thing in the midst of bones , born in the egg , born in the den , born in the dark cave with the stone and ax close to hand , born at last in human guise to grow coldly remote in the room with the rifle rack upon the wall .
But I had seen my miracle .
I had see the universe as it begins for all things .
It was , in reality , a child ’s universe , a tiny and laughing universe .
I rolled the pup on his back and ran , literally ran for the nearest ridge .
The sun was half out of the sea , and the world was swinging back to normal .
The adult foxes would already be trotting home .
~
I think I can safely put it down that I had been allowed my miracle .
It was very small , as is the way of great things .
I have been permitted to correct time ’s arrow for a space of perhaps five minutes — and that is not a boon granted to all men .
If I were to render a report upon this episode , I would say that men must find a way to run the arrow backward .
Doubtless this is impossible in the physical world , but in the memory and the will man might achieve the deed if we would try .
For the moment , I had held the universe at bay by the simple expedient of sitting on my haunches before a fox den and tumbling about with a chicken bone .
It was the gravest , most meaningful act I shall ever accomplish , but , as Thoreau once remarked of some peculiar errand of his own there is no use reporting it to the Royal Society .
♥♥♥
Books by Loren Eiseley ( click for link to Amazon.com )
The Unexpected Universe
The Immense Journey : An Imaginative Naturalist Explores the Mysteries of Man and Nature
The Star Thrower
The Firmament of Time
♡♡♡
37.871593 -122.272747
So much for aging gracefully .
Emmy - winning actor Rip Torn was arrested Saturday for allegedly breaking into a bank in Salisbury , Conn. , where he 's a resident .
Police described the incident as a booze - inspired bank job .
In a statement , cops say they responded to an alarm at 9:40 p.m. Friday and found Torn " with a loaded revolver , and was highly intoxicated . "
The many charges against the 78 - year - old Men in Black star include carrying a firearm while intoxicated , carrying a pistol without a permit , first - degree criminal trespass , first - degree burglary , and third - degree criminal mischief .
Torn has had several brushes with the law over the past few years , including a dismissed 2004 drunken driving charge and a 2007 guilty plea of being " ability impaired " while operating a vehicle .
He is currently being held on a $ 100,000 cash bond and is set to appear in court Monday .
( Originally published Jan. 30 , 2010 , at 11:50 a.m. PT )
( NaturalNews ) Scientists from the Tel Aviv , Israel - based company Nucleix have demonstrated that it is possible to create fake DNA samples and plant them as evidence at a crime scene , in a paper published in the journal " You can just engineer a crime scene , " said lead researcher and Nucleix co-founder Dan Frumkin .
" Any biology undergraduate could perform this .
" In addition to having developed a method of fabricating DNA evidence , Nucleix has also developed a method of detecting faked DNA that it plans to sell to forensics labs .
The scientists have developed two different ways to manufacture DNA samples in order to fool law enforcement .
The first involves using DNA profiles from law enforcement databases , which record the code at 13 different spots on a person 's genome .
Using a pooled library of DNA samples from a number of different people , the geneticists were able to physically construct DNA that was identical to a suspect 's DNA at those 13 points .
It would take only 425 different DNA snippets to be able to construct every possible permutation , the researchers said .
The second method involved collecting actual DNA from the person whose genetic material was to be faked , such as by collecting a strand of their hair or saliva from a cup they had used .
In both cases , the DNA was then reproduced in large quantities using a technique called whole genome amplification .
This DNA was inserted into red blood cells , which were then passed off as a real DNA sample .
A normal blood sample would contain both red and white blood cells , and the red blood cells would contain no DNA .
In addition to this difference from a normal sample , amplified DNA lacks certain molecules contained by normal DNA .
Forensics labs are unlikely to test for either of these anomalies without cause , however .
" DNA is a lot easier to plant at a crime scene than fingerprints , " said Tania Simoncelli of the American Civil Liberties Union , in response to the study .
" We 're creating a criminal justice system that is increasingly relying on this technology .
"
The researchers warned that their techniques could also be used to replicate enough of a person 's DNA to carry out genetic testing on them without their consent , thus violating their right to genetic privacy .
Sources for this story include : www.nytimes.com
WHAT IS THINK WEEK ?
Think Week is an annual week of high profile free public events organised by local societies in Oxford , running in late February .
Our events cover philosophy , poltics , science and public performance .
We welcome different points of view and entirely avoid base questions like ‘ does god exist ?’.
Think Week is organised by the student group Oxford Atheists , Secularists and Humanists ( OxASH ) , Brookes Atheist , Secularist and Humanist Society ( BrookesASH ) , Oxford Humanists , the Sea of Faith in Oxford and Oxford Skeptics in the Pub .
We are proud to welcome Oxford residents , Oxford University and Oxford Brookes students to our events .
KEY EVENTS
SKEPTICS IN THE PUB
Skeptics in the Pub are a group of like - minded people who meet in a pub once a month to drink and talk skepticism and rationality .
The organizers often provide fantastic speakers who cover topics from medicine to religion .
CAMPQUEST
Camp Quest UK is a summer camp for free - thinking kids !
They provide a community where young people can challenge each other and have fun with workshops in science and philosophy and a range of outdoor activities .
SATURDAY SYMPOSIUM
After last year ’s great success Think Week continue to organize a Saturday Symposium – a whole day full thought provoking events , interlaced with poetry and readings – accompanied by a tea , coffee and a lunch buffet !
SUNDAY ASSEMBLY
Sunday Assembly Oxford is a godless congregation that is an exuberant celebration of life .
People attend to sing great songs , hear inspiring talks , listen to interesting readings and , everyone ’s favorite , have a cup of tea and slice of cake at the end .
SPONSORS
RICHARD DAWKINS FOUNDATION UK
The RDFRSUK is a non-profit organization founded by Richard Dawkins in 2006 .
It ’s mission is to support scientific education , critical thinking and evidence - based understanding of the natural world in the quest to overcome religious fundamentalism , superstition , intolerance and human suffering .
Think Week Support
Carers Allowance Contact , Child Maintenance Service Contact , Child Tax Credit Contact , Disability Living Allowance Contact , Driver Vehicle Licensing Agency Contact , DWP Contact , Employment Support Allowance Contact , HMRC Contact , Income Support Contact , Jobcentre Plus Contact , Passport Office Contact , Working Tax Credit Contact
Capable of accommodating a Brobdingnagian , this is the portable chair that elevates your physical stature at any outdoor event .
Measuring 5 1/2 ' tall , the chair is certain to provide stadium seating at any venue , and its 9 ' sq. seat affords ample room for full - body gesticulations or sharing your prodigious chair with a friend .
The lofty seat elevates feet well above the ground , where they 're free to dangle and sway instead of merely floundering in dirt or sand .
The reinforced powder - coated steel frame and 400 - denier rip - stop canvas support up to 400 lbs .
The chair has six cup holders and folds to just 8 1/2 " wide to allow transport in the included duffel bag .
Step stool not included .
Open : 5 1/2 ' H x 5 ' W x 3 ' D. Closed : 8 1/2 " W x 5 1/2 ' H. ( 35 lbs. )
Caracas , February 22 , 2010 ( venezuelanalysis.com ) – Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announced the creation of a new Peasant Militia , which will form part of the national Bolivarian Armed Forces ( FAB ) and also enacted the new Law of the Federal Government Council , during a ceremony to commemorate 151 years since the Federal War lead by peasant leader General Ezequiel Zamora in Venezuela on Saturday .
The peasant militia will be responsible for protecting poor farmers from mercenary groups organized and financed by ranchers and wealthy landowners , Chavez explained in his weekly column , “ Chavez ’s Lines ” on Sunday .
More than 300 peasant leaders and activists have been murdered since the government introduced the Law on Land and Agricultural Development in 2001 and launched a program of agrarian reform .
Some 1,505 farms totalling 2.5 million hectares have been recovered and redistributed under the agrarian reform program .
However , “ The landowning oligarchy launched a violent agenda against the rescue of the commons , ” Chavez said .
Manuel Heredia , president of the National Ranchers Federation responded that “ As an institution , we have never sought paramilitary groups to protect us , ” but he did not rule out the possibility that individual members maybe be involved in financing paramilitary groups , saying , “ If one of our members is proven guilty of a crime , then they should pay for their crime . ”
Chavez argued , “ Faced with the backlash against the peasants through an escalation of attacks , sabotage , and paid assassinations by the most retrograde forces in our society , the non-delegable duty of the Bolivarian national state and the revolutionary government is to protect the peasantry : to defend them with all means at its disposal . ”
“ The peasant militia has been created to fulfil that duty , placing emphasis on the protagonism and responsibility of the peasantry as a collective subject in function of their own defence , ” the president continued .
Rebutting opposition sectors who have alleged that the new militias are paramilitary groups , Chavez explained that the peasant militias will form part of the Bolivarian Armed Forces , and “ therefore , do not undermine it , nor are they intended to supplant it ” and will be “ absolutely regulated by the law , ” adding , “ What bothers and annoys those who spread such lies , is that the Armed Forces have been reunited with their original identity : the people in arms . ”
The peasant militia will also assist the regular army “ against any foreign aggressor , ” wrote Chavez , who has warned that the U.S. military could invade Venezuela in order to seize control of its vast oil reserves .
“ We have no plans to attack anyone , but we will turn Venezuela into a country that is able to defend every last inch of its territory , ” the president told thousands of supporters on Saturday .
For Chavez , the peasant militias “ are just a first sign of developing a popular armed force to safeguard our integrity and our sovereignty ” and are “ expressions of the new communal state ; an integral part of the new structures of communal power that we are building . ”
The peasant militias , which are active in rural areas , will complement the primarily urban - based Bolivarian Militias , which were incorporated into the reform of the Armed Forces Law that came into force on October 22 , 2009 .
Major General and Defence Minister Carlos Mata Figueroa described the peasant militias , which began training in the state of Cojedes last week as a “ strategic arm for the defence of our republic . ”
During the ceremony on Saturday , which was attended by a contingent of the new peasant militia , Chavez also signed the new Law of the Federal Government Council , which aims to decentralize a range of powers away from traditional municipal and state authorities and transfer those powers to grassroots communal councils , involving more people in the evaluation and approval of financial resources .
The Federal Government Council will consist of elected governors , mayors , members of the executive , as well as spokespeople elected in popular elections and representatives of the communal councils .
The new Law of the Federal Government Council “ is a powerful tool for the construction of a socialist homeland …to give shape to a new geometry of popular , political , social , communal and military power ” and to create a new organ of “ revolutionary power to continue fighting against the oligarchy and empire , to continue building the independence of our nation , ” Chavez declared .
As part of the ceremony Chavez also unveiled a new stature of Zamora in El Calvario Park in western Caracas and renamed the park , Ezequiel Zamora Park .
1. Pomegranates are a lot of work , but they are worth it !
The ripest most perfect pomegranates are available in grocery stores now .
The POM Wonderful brand pomegranates are the biggest and have the best flavor .
Look for the roundest , deepest red pomegranates you can find .
2 . Rinse your pomegranate in water and cut an X in the top about halfway down the fruit .
( If you are an impatient pomegranate eater ( like me ) and do n’t mind making a mess — stop here !
You can stick your thumbs in the center of the X and pull the peel apart , revealing the delicious seed jewels .
Stick your face in there and chow down !
Expect to splatter magenta juice all over your face and surrounding furniture .
To make less mess continue on to step 3 after cutting the fruit . )
3 . Set your pomegranate in a big bowl of water , place your thumbs in the center of the X , and pry the peel apart .
4 . While the pomegranate is submerged use your fingertips to carefully brush the seeds away from the membrane .
The seeds will sink to the bottom of the bowl and the empty membrane will float .
The water keeps the seeds from flying across the kitchen as you remove them , and it keeps any bursting seeds from squirting in your face !
When breaking the peel into smaller pieces to reach all the seeds , hold the fruit seed side down in the water to keep the mess to a minimum .
5 . Once the seeds have been removed use a strainer to scoop the remaining membrane from the surface of the water .
Then , strain the water from the seeds .
6. Enjoy !
Age and gender play a major role in how people respond to stress , according to a new study on 20 - to - 64 - year - olds .
Published in the journal Psychophysiology , the investigation was led by scientists from the Université de Montréal and the Montreal Heart Institute in collaboration with colleagues from the Université du Québec à Montréal and McGill University .
" Our findings suggest that women who are more defensive are at increased cardiovascular risk , whereas low defensiveness appears to damage the health of older men , " says Bianca D'Antono , a professor at the Université de Montréal Department of Psychiatry and a Montreal Heart Institute researcher .
Defensiveness is a trait characterized by avoidance , denial or repression of information perceived as threatening .
In women , a strong defensive reaction to judgment from others or a threat to self - esteem will result in high blood pressure and heart rate .
Contrarily , older men with low defensive reactions have a higher cardiovascular rates .
The study was conducted on 81 healthy working men and 118 women .
According to Dr. Jean - Claude Tardif a Université de Montréal professor and Montreal Heart Institute researcher , the physiological response to stress in women and older men is linked to this desire of maintaining self - esteem and securing social bonds .
" The sense of belonging is a basic human need , " says D'Antono .
" Our findings suggest that socialization is innate and that belonging to a group contributed to the survival of our ancestors .
Today , it is possible that most people view social exclusion as a threat to their existence .
A strong defensive reaction is useful to maintain one 's self - esteem faced with this potential threat . "
As part of the experiment , participants completed four tasks of varying stress levels .
The first task involved reading a neutral text on Antarctica 's geography before a person of the same sex .
The second and third tasks involved role - playing in which participants followed a script where they were sometimes agreeable and sometimes aggressive .
The final task involved a non-scripted debate on abortion .
Heart rate and blood pressure were measured during each of these tasks as was the level of cortisol in saliva .
Results showed that women and older men had elevated cardiovascular , autonomic and endocrine responses to stress -- all potentially damaging to their health .
The research team cautions , however , that more studies are needed to evaluate the long - term effects of defensiveness and its association to stress response patterns in disease development .
This study was supported by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research and the Fonds de la recherche en santé du Québec .
In my younger years , one of my favorite jobs was working in a coffee shop .
I enjoyed listening to the whirl of the milk as it was being steamed , filling the case with fresh pastries , setting up the condiment table , and serving the customer their first cup of coffee in the morning .
Well , except that time the lady told me she needed it to ‘ be regular ’ , if you get my drift .
Then it was the type of customers that fascinated me .
The artists , the business people , the students , the moms …
I enjoyed the conversations that filled the place , the smell of fresh coffee that permeated the place , and the sounds of jazz , celtic , & contemporary music that accompanied the place .
It was n’t even my place , but I treated everday as such .
Where this all leading
Well , it is my view to think we pay for the experience that comes with a cup of coffee when we frequent Starbuck ’s or Coffee Bean , Tea & Leaf .
But you have to admit that the $ 5.00 experience , even shared three times a week , is a costly expenditure .
For us Frugalites , saving money means cutting back or severing our relationship with this extra expenditures .
Hopefully for the sake of putting that money towards paying off our debt or throwing it in the bank to increase our wealth .
Definition of a Frugalite :
One who is frugal , yet fun .
A person who wants to save as much of their hard earned cash as possible – but in creative ways . …
But just because you choose to break up the relationship between you and the coffee joint , does n’t mean you need stop drinking excellent tasting coffee .
The baristas do n’t make coffee any differently then you do .
So , today we will be exploring how to brew a perfect cup of black Java , with a French Press coffee press , in the comfort of your own home for pennies on the dollar .
Buy newly roasted , whole beans
The length of time coffee beans are roasted will affect the color and flavor of the brew .
Popular blends of beans to buy : American Roast ( or regular roast ) beans will result in a moderate brew - not too light or too heavy in flavor .
French Roast beans will produce a stronger coffee taste .
Viennese Roast ( my favorite ) is a blend of two - thirds regular - roast with one - third heavy - roasted beans .
Italian Roast is for espresso .
I hear Dunkin Donuts coffee beans ( $ 8 bag ) is a great coffee to find in your local grocery store .
Use water that tastes good
The right coffee beans + great tasting water is what makes a killer combination of brewed coffee .
Use your favorite filtered water .
Pre -boil your water before grinding your coffee beans to insure water will be at the proper temperature when you are ready to use your french press coffee maker .
Time to Grind
One of those little grinders will work just fine .
No need to spend lots of money for a grinder !
Put the beans in the grinder and grind for 10 seconds to create a course grind .
Grind only what you are going to use for the day .
The French Press Put 1 rounded tablespoon of coffee into your French Press coffee maker .
Then , pour your hot water into the pot .
Leave a minimum of 1 inch of space at the top .
Stir the brew with a plastic spoon .
Place the plunger unit on top of the pot .
Do not press down .
Let the coffee brew for 2 - 4 minutes , depending on your preference in taste .
Hold the pot handle firmly with the spout turned away from you , then using just the weight of your hand , apply slight pressure on top of the knob to lower the plunger straight down into the pot .
Lowering the plunger slowly with minimal pressure produces best results .
Finally , pour your amazing cup of coffee into your mug .
Here is a great tutorial for using the french press coffee press .
Wa n’t to jazz it up ?
Great additions : creamer , sugar , flavored syrups ( like Taroni syrup – Yum ! )
For iced coffee : make your brew stronger , because the ice cubes will dilute the coffee .
Conclusion
The great thing about using a French Press coffee maker is that it ’s easy to clean , no filters to buy , takes up very little counter space and storage space .
And the money saved :
If you consider buying a black coffee at Starbuck ’s , it will cost you $ 2.00 per cup x 3 times a day x 52 weeks = $ 312 a year
At home : french press & grinder ( $ 30 for both ) + 0.26 per cup of coffee * x 7 days a week x 52 weeks = $ 95 + $ 30 ( one time cost ) + you get to drink coffee every single day =
$ 125
So enjoy that awesome coffee and amaze you friends with your new talent .
Want to know what your coffee says about you ?
Check it out , here !
Leave a comment and let me know type of coffee drink you like .
It ’s a fun read !
* The 0.26 per cup was figured by $ 8 bag of beans divided by 30 days in a month
Since I will most likely power off the Macintosh SE that is hosting these pages , there are two links you can follow .
Both have the same pages but one is hosted on the said Mac SE and the other is on this web server that is up all the time ( and much faster ) .
P.S. The serial link connecting the Mac SE to the network is really slow .
Viewing that link will rape the connection so be prepared to wait for images to load .
Macintosh SE
Local copy
New Zealand and Sri Lanka will cross a new frontier when they meet each other in three Twenty20 internationals in the USA in May .
The games will take place at Central Broward Regional Park Cricket Stadium in Lauderhill , Florida , which has been approved by the ICC .
It is the first time two Full Members will have met in an official match on US soil and it follows the signing of a strategic partnership between the USA Cricket Association ( USACA ) and New Zealand Cricket ( NZC ) last year .
" Given the door to cricket has been opened to investment through the sale of Indian Premier League franchises , this model is a logical step to raising the capital required to take cricket in the US to another level , " said Justin Vaughan , NZC 's chief executive .
" The structure proposed is a wonderful opportunity for someone to get in on the ground floor , particularly given the growing level of interest in the US cricket market . "
A delighted Don Lockerbie , CEO of USACA , said the move was the first of what he hoped would be many such initiatives , adding the US national side would participate in some warm - up matches as well .
" We are experiencing increasing demand for ' Destination USA ' cricket events from many Full Member ICC countries and the Sri Lanka v New Zealand series will bring - as forecasted - world - class cricket to the USA , " he said .
" Through the strategic collaboration with NZC we now have the additional administrative support and knowledge base to be able to commercialise these opportunities and ultimately grow the revenue streams from one of the world 's largest advertising markets . "
Looking ahead , Lockerbie added the matches were " a small indication of the amount of cricket content under consideration with our partners at NZC .
We will be meeting with potential investors and event developers over the next few weeks and months to keep building our momentum .
The interest is already high from potential investors in India and the US , and this is very encouraging . "
San Diego , California ( CNN ) --
Television shows and movies may take you to worlds far away , but their makers , aware of viewers ' need for believability , say they consult scientists to make things more real .
" Audiences now demand that , or they hunger for it , " Academy - Award winning director and producer Ron Howard said at this weekend 's meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
" They want it to ring true whenever possible . "
Scientists and entertainment professionals are finding each other through recent initiatives .
Howard promoted one called the Creative Science Studio , a new partnership between the National Science Foundation and the University of California School of Cinematic Arts .
Another is the Science and Entertainment Exchange , a National Academy of Sciences program , which gives entertainment professionals access to top scientists .
Howard 's film " Angels and Demons " features the world 's largest particle accelerator , the Large Hadron Collider .
Scientists helped with an opening sequence , designing graphics and making it generally more plausible , Howard told scientists and journalists at the meeting .
" I think Hollywood 's attitude will be , if we can make it more realistic without spoiling the story and without it costing too much more money , we will do it , but there are always those restraints , " said Sidney Perkowitz , Emory University physicist and author of " Hollywood Science . "
Given that worldwide box office sales for " The Day After Tomorrow " eclipsed sales for the global warming documentary " An Inconvenient Truth " by nearly $ 500 million , science - fiction films play a powerful role in reaching large numbers of people and spreading awareness of issues such as climate change , Perkowitz said .
" Avatar " and " District 9 , " both current Oscar nominees , reflect real issues of science and society , such as genetic engineering , he said .
" Gattaca , " a 1997 futuristic thriller dealing with the effects of putting too much faith in the knowledge of humans ' DNA , is a good example of science in film , Perkowitz said .
The 2003 disaster movie " The Core , " on the other hand , is full of inaccuracies , such as the Earth 's " electromagnetic " field ( it 's magnetic ) and faulty details about the inner structure of the planet , he said .
" That film seems to me to be contemptuous of science , " Perkowitz said .
" Ignorance is excusable .
Contempt is not excusable . "
Perkowitz and other experts said they allow for one or two suspensions of disbelief -- faster - than - light travel , for instance -- before they start critiquing based on established science .
The hit TV show " Lost " is full of mystery and fantasy but is actually logical in its portrayal of time travel in the first five seasons , said Sean Carroll , a physicist at California Institute of Technology and author of " From Eternity to Now . "
Although there is no time machine -- lights flash , and the characters go back decades -- it plausibly assumes that the past must stay intact and cannot be changed by the time travelers , he said .
" I think that that is a very respectable way to think about time travel ; that is what it would have to be like , " said Carroll , who is also a guest on a " Lost " Season 5 DVD extra .
Mistakes in movies can be teachable moments , Perkowitz said .
The movie " Starship Troopers , " featuring 10 - foot tall bugs , fails the test of logic for Perkowitz but serves an important lesson .
He did the math and realized that if the bugs on which the giant creatures were modeled -- about an inch long and one ounce in weight -- were scaled up , they would weigh about 108,000 pounds .
" The science was wrong , " he said .
" Evolution would not allow this to happen . "
Entertainment writers say they do sometimes knowingly violate reality .
Aron Coleite , writer and producer for the TV hit " Heroes , " said the show 's team knew it 's false that humans use only a small fraction of the brain .
But since a large portion of viewers believe this to be true , " it allowed them to believe kind of the more unbelievable things that happened on the show , " he said .
The show 's producing team also spent hours discussing how to depict invisibility : Should the characters ' skin be invisible ?
Should they be naked while invisible ?
They finally decided on " an invisible field around them that distorts the light " to explain why the characters retain their clothes , although this is not explicitly stated , Coleite said .
Although " Heroes " could offer a better explanation for evolutionary changes that occur , it does bring up issues of free will and genetic predisposition , said Nicole King , a biologist at the University of California , Berkeley .
These are particularly important today as modern medicine is able to identify genes that portend high risk for certain diseases .
" In a very nice way , it demonstrates that the code is not enough , " she said of the show .
" There is the role of the environment . "
One day , Perkowitz joked , perhaps there will be a movie that includes the disclaimer , " No scientific concepts were seriously harmed in making this film . "
The more active a research area is , the less reliable its results are .
John Ioannidis suggested popular areas of research publish a greater proportion of false results in his paper
Why most published research findings are false .
Of course popular areas produce more results , and so they will naturally produce more false results .
But Ioannidis is saying that they also produce a greater proportion of false results .
Now Thomas Pfeiffer and Robert Hoffmann have produced empirical support for Ioannidis ’s theory in the paper Large - Scale Assessment of the Effect of Popularity on the Reliability of Research .
Pfeiffer and Hoffmann review two reasons why popular areas have more false results .
First , in highly competitive fields there might be stronger incentives to “ manufacture ” positive results by , for example , modifying data or statistical tests until formal statistical significance is obtained .
This leads to inflated error rates for individual findings : actual error probabilities are larger than those given in the publications . …
The second effect results from multiple independent testing of the same hypotheses by competing research groups .
The more often a hypothesis is tested , the more likely a positive result is obtained and published even if the hypothesis is false .
In other words ,
In a popular area there ’s more temptation to fiddle with the data or analysis until you get what you expect .
The more people who test an idea , the more likely someone is going to find data in support of it by chance .
The authors produce evidence of the two effects above in the context of papers written about protein interactions in yeast .
They conclude that “ The second effect is about 10 times larger than the first one . ”
Related posts
The final patch design for the Space Shuttle Program has been selected by a NASA committee from a pool of entries by NASA employees and contractors .
It beat out 84 other prospective patches to be the final commemorative token of the program that defined this generation of space travel .
" As the Space Shuttle Program has been an innovative , iconic gem in the history of American spaceflight , the overall shape of the patch and its faceted panels are reminiscent of a diamond or other fine jewel , " wrote the winning artist , Blake Dumesnil a Hamilton Sundstrand employee , who works at Johnson Space Center .
The tradition of creating NASA program and mission patches was borrowed from the military .
It began with the Gemini program of the 1960s .
" There 's a long history of patches , so there 's a very rich tradition of when someone says ' a mission patch ' or ' a shuttle patch , ' there 's an idea that comes to mind , " said Robert Pearlman , a space historian and creator of collectSPACE.com .
NASA selected 15 patches as finalists , which were then voted on by NASA employees and winnowed down by a committee .
The People 's Choice winner above was also the judge 's selection .
Like the other finalists , it hewed very closely to the visual tradition established by NASA 's original Shuttle patch ( right ) and the more than 130 that have come since .
But , outside the top 15 selected by NASA , some would - be patch designers broke the mold and tried to create some innovative and , um ... different , patches .
Below , are some of our favorite patches that did n't win .
We present the work with the original descriptions by the artists ( unnamed by NASA ) , along with awards for the grooviest , and the most macho and most Soviet patches , among others .
Wired Science Award : Grooviest
" This was a Journey that will be remember for a life time .
The goals that was accomplish and the lost of brave people dedicate there lives with the shuttle program .
For years of training putting together this greatest technology of wonder .
The ISS and Hubble , both fine work .
With these 's they will have more great discovery out there more far beyond the universe .
With is picture is the memories of our lost and hard work . "
Wired Science Award : Machoest
" The patch depicts a strong American arm with American flag sleeve , placing a Space Shuttle into orbit .
In the background is the Earth and the SRBs and External Tank .
The International Space Station is also in the background .
The patch is a simple depiction of America ’s might provided by the most sophisticated spacecraft system built by man ... yet ! "
Wired Science Award : Abstractest
" The design is to have all five shuttles launching ( triangles ) with exhaust flames billowing in red / white covering the left side of the patch under the shuttles .
Showing the Space telescope ( rectangle ) and Space Station ( the other object ) against a blue sky .
If there is enough room on the patch a part of the earth could be added to the right side .
The astronauts ' names can be added to the outside of the circle .
But as this is the last fight you may not want to add the names . "
Wired Science Award : Lovingest
" The dove represents peace .
The nucleus symbol represents science .
The stars represent the 5 shuttles .
The shuttle with wings represents the fallen astronauts .
The purple heart represents the astronaut ’s bravery . "
Wired Science Award : Microsoft Paintbrushiest
" • Major successes for Space Shuttle
• 3 symbols represent Spacelab science
• Hubble Telescope
• International Space Station
• Number of Flights – 139
• Name of all shuttles ( test & operational )
• 1 star for each lost crew member
• History of shuttle 1977 – 2010
• Main Shuttle launch / landing point marked ( KSC )
• Shuttle flying - off into history "
Wired Science Award : Sovietest
No description given .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
A while ago Jeff and I had Eric Sink on the Stack Overflow Podcast , and we were yammering on about version control , especially the trendy new distributed version control systems , like Mercurial and Git .
In that podcast , I said , “ To me , the fact that they make branching and merging easier just means that your coworkers are more likely to branch and merge , and you ’re more likely to be confused . ”
Well , you know , that podcast is not prepared carefully in advance ; it ’s just a couple of people shooting the breeze .
So what usually happens is that we say things that are , to use the technical term , wrong .
Usually they are wrong either in details or in spirit , or in details and in spirit , but this time , I was just plain wrong .
Like strawberry pizza .
Or jalapeño bagels .
WRONG .
Long before this podcast occurred , my team had switched to Mercurial , and the switch really confused me , so I hired someone to check in code for me ( just kidding ) .
I did struggle along for a while by memorizing a few key commands , imagining that they were working just like Subversion , but when something did n’t go the way it would have with Subversion , I got confused , and would pretty much just have to run down the hall to get Benjamin or Jacob to help .
And then my team said , hey you know what ?
This Mercurial bug - juice is really amazing , we want to actually make a code review product that works with it , and , and , what ’s more , we think that there ’s a big market providing commercial support and hosting for it ( Mercurial itself is freely available under GPL , but a lot of corporations want some kind of support before they ’ll use something ) .
And I thought , what do I know ?
But as you know I do n’t really make the decisions around here , because “ management is a support function , ” so they took all the interns , all six of them , and set off to build a product around Mercurial .
I decided I better figure out what the heck is going on with this “ distributed version control ” stuff before somebody asks me a question about the products that my company allegedly sells , and I do n’t have an answer , and somebody in the blogo - “ sphere ” writes another article about me junking the sharp .
And I studied , and studied , and finally figured something out .
Which I want to share with you .
With distributed version control , the distributed part is actually not the most interesting part .
The interesting part is that these systems think in terms of changes , not in terms of versions .
That ’s a very zen - like thing to say , I know .
Traditional version control thinks :
OK , I have version 1 .
And now I have version 2 .
And now I have version 3 .
And distributed version control thinks , I had nothing .
And then I got these changes .
And then I got these other changes .
It ’s a different Program Model , so the user model has to change .
In Subversion , you might think , “ bring my version up to date with the main version ” or “ go back to the previous version . ”
In Mercurial , you think , “ get me Jacob ’s change set ” or “ let ’s just forget that change set . ”
If you come at Mercurial with a Subversion mindset , things will almost work , but when they do n’t , you ’ll be confused , unhappy , and unsuccessful , and you ’ll hate Mercurial .
Whereas if you free your mind and reimagine version control , and grok the zen of the difference between thinking about managing the versions vs. thinking about managing the changes , you ’ll become enlightened and happy and realize that this is the way version control was meant to work .
I know , it ’s strange … since 1972 everyone was thinking that we were manipulating versions , but , it turned out , surprisingly , that thinking about the changes themselves as first class solved a very important problem : the problem of merging branched code .
And here is the most important point , indeed , the most important thing that we ’ve learned about developer productivity in a decade .
It ’s so important that it merits a place as the very last opinion piece that I write , so if you only remember one thing , remember this :
When you manage changes instead of managing versions , merging works better , and therefore , you can branch any time your organizational goals require it , because merging back will be a piece of cake .
I ca n’t tell you how many Subversion users have told me the following story : “ We tried to branch our code , and that worked fine .
But when it came time to merge back , it was a complete nightmare and we had to practically reapply every change by hand , and we swore never again and we developed a new way of developing software using if statements instead of branches . ”
Sometimes they ’re even kind of proud of this new , single - trunk invention of theirs .
As if it ’s a virtue to work around the fact that your version control tool is not doing what it ’s meant to do .
With distributed version control , merges are easy and work fine .
So you can actually have a stable branch and a development branch , or create long - lived branches for your QA team where they test things before deployment , or you can create short - lived branches to try out new ideas and see how they work .
This is too important to miss out on .
This is possibly the biggest advance in software development technology in the ten years I ’ve been writing articles here .
Or , to put it another way , I ’d go back to C++ before I gave up on Mercurial .
If you are using Subversion , stop it .
Just stop .
Subversion = Leeches .
Mercurial and Git = Antibiotics .
We have better technology now .
Because so many people dive into Mercurial without fully understanding the new program model , which can leave them thinking that it ’s broken and malicious , I wrote a Mercurial tutorial , HgInit .
Today , when people ask me about that podcast where I dissed DVCS , I tell them that it was just a very carefully planned fake - out of my long time friend and competitor Eric Sink , who makes a non-distributed version control system .
Like that time he started selling bug - tracking software , and , to punish him , we sent him a very expensive Fog Creek backpack with a fake form letter that made it look like we were doing so well that expensive backpacks were the standard Christmas gift we were sending every FogBugz customer .
I seem to have run out the clock on this site .
It has been an extreme honor to have you reading my essays over the last ten years .
I could n’t ask for a greater group of readers .
Whether you ’re one of the hundreds of people who volunteered their time to translate articles into over 40 languages , or the 22,894 people who has taken the time to send me an email , or the 50,838 people who subscribed to the email newsletter , or the 2,262,348 people per year who visited the website and read some of the 1067 articles I ’ve written , I sincerely thank you for your attention .
Did you know that strength training is crucial for successfully losing weight and keeping it off ?
I 'm talking about weight - bearing exercise .
It does n't have to be a huge , hulking workout where you 're trying to look like Arnold Schwarzenegger in his prime , it just has to be some basic strength training .
Why is strength training important for losing weight ?
Because a lot of people try to starve themselves into weight loss .
They think it 's all about controlling calories .
Unfortunately , a lot of dieticians and nutritionists do n't really understand strength training , and they also think that it 's just about calories .
Calories in , calories out .
If you have a calorie deficit , you 're going to lose weight , if you consume extra calories , you 'll gain body fat .
While that 's true , it 's only part of the picture .
Sure , you need a calorie deficit to lose weight , but how does your body actually use calories ?
It 's your lean body mass , that muscle mass underneath your body fat , that burns calories 24/7 , allowing you to actually eat more calories without gaining weight .
Let 's say you happen to be quite obese and you have a high percentage of body fat .
I used to be in that situation ; I know what it feels like .
Underneath that body fat you actually have a very strong skeleton and strong muscles .
Your body has built up those muscles in order to carry all of that extra body fat when you move your body .
Just the very act of standing up , walking across a parking lot , going up a flight of stairs or lifting your arms requires more effort when you 're overweight , especially if you 're obese .
So the heavier you are , the stronger your muscles have to be just to allow you to do basic , everyday things .
Now this can actually work to your advantage -- if you manage to keep all of that muscle mass and bone density in place while you are losing body fat , then you can maintain the high metabolism that 's associated with that lean body mass even while you are dropping body fat .
But if you starve yourself , you 're going to lose all the muscle resources you already have .
It 's a mistake a lot of people make .
They try to lose body fat by starving themselves , and as the body fat vanishes from their body , their muscle mass also disappears .
Why would the body get rid of muscle mass ?
Because , frankly , it does n't need it .
Your body adapts to the need
You see , the body is an adaptive system .
It will adapt to whatever loads you place on it .
So if you are a heavier person and you 're carrying around body fat , then your body will adapt by creating stronger muscles to lift your body .
It 's almost like doing a leg press every time you get up out of the chair .
If you weigh 300 lbs you 're doing a 300 lb leg press , you see ?
Now if you were to drop 150 lbs of body fat and end up at 150 lbs , your body would n't need the same amount of leg muscle to lift you .
It would eliminate those leg muscles through catabolic action .
While it eliminates this muscle mass , your metabolism begins to slow .
Remember , it 's the lean body mass that 's burning calories day in and day out , even when you 're doing nothing .
If you reduce that muscle mass by allowing it to go away ( by not challenging your muscles ) , then your metabolism is going to slow .
A lot of people end up at a place where they 've lost the body fat and they 're lighter , but it 's suddenly so much easier to put on body fat .
They do n't have the muscle mass they once did , they 're not automatically burning calories , and if they overeat just a little bit , they 'll start packing on the body fat again .
Strength train while losing weight
The solution to all of this , the strategy I want to focus on here , is to engage in strength training while you are losing body fat .
If you do this , then .
This will leave you with a greater proportion of lean body mass to body fat , meaning that you will be slimmer , yet you 'll have the muscles that you had when you were overweight .
If you get rid of enough body fat in this way , then those muscles may begin to show -- if you 're a man .
If you 're a woman , do n't worry .
You 're never going to bulk up .
A lot of women are mistakenly afraid of strength training .
They think that if they pump a few weights they 're going to turn into Lou Ferrigno overnight .
They think they 're going to have this competition muscle - bound body from lifting a couple of weights .
Believe me , that is not the case at all .
Most of those bodybuilding women are using steroids , and they 've trained for years , even decades , just to produce that kind of muscle mass .
Women are not built to puts on lots of muscle mass , so do n't be afraid that you 'll bulk up .
Women who are afraid of exercising because they think it 's going to make them look bigger have it all wrong .
Women need strength training , too
Let 's take a moment to cover that myth here .
Let 's say you 're a woman and you have more body fat than you want .
You 're trying to decide , " Should I engage in strength training as part of my weight loss program ? "
Some women say , " No , because I 'll bulk up and it 'll make me look fatter . "
That 's a complete myth ; it 's totally false .
When you have a high percentage of body fat , that body fat is stored not only in the tissues that are obvious -- such as your hips and your midsection , your arms and legs and so on -- it's also stored intramuscularly , which means it 's stored within the muscles of your body .
It 's sort of like the marbling of beef from a cow .
If you slice a muscle from a cow , there 's some fat inside the muscle -- that is the same kind of fat that 's in our muscles when we have a high percentage of body fat .
That fat takes up a lot of space in the muscle , so it actually makes the muscle look bigger , because there 's fat inside .
When you start losing body fat , even if you 're engaged in strength training , that intramuscular fat will begin to vanish .
So even if your muscle mass begins to grow -- which , again , is very difficult for women to accomplish -- your overall muscle size is probably going to be smaller when you 're at a lower percentage of body fat .
The net change in your muscle size is going to be almost nothing , unless you really start to do strength training on a regular basis for a period of a year or two , and then you might actually begin to put on a little bit more muscle .
Do n't lose the muscle you 've already built
So with that crazy myth covered , let 's get back to the main point here , which is that engaging in strength training will conserve the muscle mass you have now .
Now here 's why this is so important .
It 's very easy for your body to shed useless muscle .
So if you 're not using a muscle , your body will get rid of it over a few months .
It 's gone .
But to gain that muscle back -- now that takes some effort !
That could take months or years of strength training .
It is much harder for your body to engage in anabolic reactions ( to build muscle mass ) than it is for your body to catabolize and get rid of muscles .
So , if you decide you 're going to starve yourself while you lose weight and get down to the minimum weight possible , and afterwards you engage in strength training , then you 're going to find that it 's a much more difficult process to gain lean body mass than it was to slim away what you had to begin with .
Building lean body mass is a huge challenge .
It 's also important to note that when people talk about weight loss , they throw that term around without really understanding what it means .
Everybody says " I want to lose weight , " but they do n't really mean that .
They mean they want to lose body fat ; they do n't want to just lose weight .
A limb amputation will cause you to lose weight , but that 's not what people have in mind !
People want to lose body fat .
So be careful what you wish for -- and do n't use that bathroom scale as a measure of your progress .
There are a number of reasons why .
One is if you just starve yourself and you start losing lean body mass , then that counts as weight loss .
But you 've done yourself no good whatsoever , because now you 've actually lowered your metabolism .
The scale says , " Hey !
You lost another three pounds ! "
But it could be 2 lbs of fat and 1 lb of muscle , and that 's not a good situation to be in .
You want to lose maybe 2.9 lbs of fat and 0.1 lbs of muscle , or maybe 3 lbs of fat and no muscle .
But to do that , you 've got to challenge your muscular system through some weight bearing exercise .
Do n't forget the glycogen fuel stored in your body
The other thing to keep in mind when you 're using the bathroom scale is that when you first start limiting your calories , your body is going to start burning through its glycogen stores .
Glycogen is basically a fuel stored in your body .
It stores sugars together with water and locks them up in the tissues and organs of your body like an energy battery , ready for you to use at a future time .
There 's water locked in with those calories .
That water weighs a lot .
So when you start restricting your calories , the first thing your body burns is this extra storage of energy , this extra glycogen .
And the glycogen causes you , as it's burned , to shed water .
You might look at the scale and think , gee , I lost 5 lbs , but you really lost no body fat whatsoever .
It was just water , because your body released glycogen .
What usually happens to people when their glycogen store has reached zero is they get really hungry , they think they 're in a starvation panic , and then they overeat .
Their glycogen stores fill right back up , they gain the 5 lbs back , and usually they overate to such an extent that they store another half a pound of body fat or so .
Now they 're half a pound heavier than when they began and they lost no body fat whatsoever .
It was just a game of glycogen and water storage they saw reflected on the bathroom scale .
Bathroom scales are useless
So ignore the bathroom scale .
It is not useful for telling you how successful you are in losing body fat .
I do n't use one at all .
The only measure you should use is a " fat scale " or a caliper .
A caliper is the best way to measure body fat .
Body fat calipers measure the thickness of body fat in key locations around your body .
For men , one location is on the upper pectoral area , another is the midsection and the third is on the top of the quadriceps of the leg .
For women it 's the back of the arm , the midsection and along the hip .
However , you 've got to learn how to use a caliper correctly if you want it to be an accurate indicator of fat loss success .
I just mention it as a tool for people who are really serious about losing fat .
People who use bathroom scales to figure out how much weight they 've lost are just playing a silly game of deception -- the bathroom scale is useless .
I mean , you could lose bone mass and you 'd still look like you were having lots of progress on the bathroom scale .
How do you lose bone mass ?
Easy : you stop engaging in exercise , stop walking , stop running .
If you do all that ( which I 'm not recommending , by the way ) , then you would start to lose bone mineral density , and that would be reflected as weight loss .
When you say you want to lose weight , be careful what you ask for .
Your body has a number of ways to lose weight that have nothing whatsoever to do with losing body fat or enhancing your overall state of health .
Engage in weight training when losing body fat
Now let 's get back to the main point , strength training and why it is so important .
So far , I hope I 've explained the idea that underneath your body fat you have a strong musculoskeletal system .
There 's a lot of muscle mass and good , strong bones underneath all of that body fat .
If you find a strategy to conserve that , even while you 're losing body fat , then you can have a much more successful weight loss experience and end up with a strong skeleton and strong muscles at the end of your regimen as well .
The way to do that is to engage in basic weight - bearing strength training while you are pursuing a diet .
And it turns out that you do n't have to go crazy on this .
I am not suggesting that you go to the gym and start pumping iron on the bench press , 50 reps a day , or that you exhaust your body with crazy workouts .
It turns out that you do n't even need to stress your body very much to maintain the current muscle mass that you have .
15 seconds of stress creates new muscle
In fact , there 's a system of strength training called static contraction training that is outstanding for maintaining current muscle mass and even enhancing it if you choose to go that far .
The best thing is that it takes very little time .
How much time am I talking about ?
You 'll be amazed to hear this , but literally , it 's true : 15 seconds per muscle group per week .
Only 15 seconds per muscle .
If you engage that muscle for 15 seconds with high intensity contraction , then your body gets the signal that , hey , it needs that muscle .
It needs to keep it around .
And your body decides NOT to let that muscle go .
It just keeps it , because it figures you need it .
Remember , your body has a lot of wisdom , and it 's trying to conserve calories .
The body wants to get rid of muscles it does n't need , and in order to keep those muscles , you have to prove to your body that you need them .
Now the thing is , your body does n't know why you need them .
It could be that you 're engaged in some kind of competition , it could be that you need to lift heavy things to survive .
Your body does n't really know the reason why .
You can essentially fool your body by engaging in strength training , giving it the message that it needs to hold on to those muscles in order to survive .
So in as little as 15 seconds per muscle group , you can tell your body to hold on to your muscle mass .
That 's a 15 second bicep curl , for example , or a 15 second chest press , or a 15 second leg curl you get the idea .
To learn more on this , I suggest you get a book called Power Factor Training by John Little and Pete Sisco .
Check out that book .
It gives you the lowdown on how to do this .
It 's positioned at bodybuilders , but it 's actually the underground secret book of strength training for people who are 50 years and older .
Senior citizens benefit from this tremendously .
There are also many golfers who use this system to greatly increase their range and golf swing .
Women are additionally benefiting from this system -- when you 're dealing with the potential for osteoporosis when you get up in your years , bone density becomes crucial for your overall health .
There is no better way in the world to make sure you have strong bone density than to engage in high intensity , short duration strength training exercises .
Static contraction training is , in my view , the very best system of exercise for maintaining not just muscle mass , but also bone mineral density .
You will also strengthen your ligaments and tendons .
The key is , as with all forms of exercise , to be sure to work with a qualified health professional before attempting this , especially some of the more high intensity exercises .
You may want to ease your way into it and check with your naturopath , doctor or physical therapist to make sure you 're ready for this .
You do n't want to injure yourself -- that would set you back weeks .
So take it a little bit at a time .
Remember , your body will adapt slowly , so ease into it slowly .
By doing all of this , you 'll be able to conserve the incredible muscle mass that you have underneath that body fat right now .
Accelerated weight loss
The other benefit to doing this is that strength training will greatly increase the speed of your weight loss effort .
It will double the effectiveness of any weight loss program you 're on .
Losing weight by calorie restriction alone is very , very difficult .
In fact , personally , I 've never been able to do that .
The only way I 've been able to lose body fat ( I lost over 50 lbs of body fat , and I 've kept it off for several years now ) is to engage in exercise that includes both a strength training component and a cardiovascular component .
My belief is that you cannot keep weight off just by modifying your diet alone , unless you happen to be extremely gifted with just the right genes that do n't ever turn on the hunger signal for you .
If you 're in that situation , good for you .
But you should probably think about exercising anyway , because of the other cardiovascular health and brain chemistry benefits that are derived from frequent exercise .
Alternative training : Pilates
Now , some people say " Well , I ca n't join a gym , I can't exercise , I do n't want to go to that website and look up static contraction training , I do n't want to do that , I do n't want to pump weights .
What do I do instead ? "
There 's a great solution for people who do n't want to pump weights , and I understand a lot of women are in this situation , nothing wrong with that .
You can be very strong without pumping weights if you follow Pilates .
Pilates is a form of body movement and flexibility training that was pioneered by Joseph Pilates almost 100 years ago .
The guy was well ahead of his time .
This is a system that I definitely follow today .
The movements require a lot of strength , but not so much that you can't get started .
There are simple ways to get started with Pilates on a mat that would greatly boost your muscle mass and your overall strength -- especially your abdominal strength and your lower back strength .
And then , as you gain comfort with that , you can move up to the more advanced movements in Pilates .
And you can even get Pilates equipment , which is rather affordable .
The best place for that ( in fact we 're going to do a review on some of these machines later ) is Pilates.com , which is the website of a manufacturer of Pilates equipment .
They have outstanding equipment -- 5 stars all the way .
This company is great !
They even have an affordable home version of this Pilates equipment that runs only a couple of hundred dollars .
Well worth the investment .
What does this Pilates system do for you ?
It will give you strength training all over your body -- in your hips , adduction and abduction muscles , abdominal muscles , lower back , traps , biceps , triceps , chest , upper body , lower body and especially in your midsection .
It will do all of this for you -- I should say with you -- without using any weights .
So you do n't have to set up a bench press with 200 lbs and see how many reps you can bang out .
Pilates can be done in a more artful way .
It is a form of body movement that can be very yoga - like if you choose , or it can be done with more power .
This is why both men and women find Pilates to be a fantastic system of strength training .
I know a lot of people in the performing arts community who rely on Pilates to maintain core strength and flexibility throughout their body , including in their arms , legs and neck muscles .
The cure for joint pain
I 've got to mention this too :
If you engage in Pilates , you may experience one of the benefits that almost everybody experiences when they do this for a couple of months : .
People always complain about their joint pain , it seems .
When I 'm at the gym , I hear guys in their 40s -- they 're only 45 years old ! -- and they 're complaining and whining about how much everything hurts .
They say , " Oh , wait ' til you 're my age , everything 's gonna hurt ! "
And I respond with , " I do n't think so ! "
I 've experienced chronic pain , and I know what that feels like .
But now I do Pilates and engage in outstanding nutrition and the pain is gone .
The body is designed to be healthy , it 's not supposed to hurt .
If you feed your body right and if you use and mobilize all those joints , they will not hurt , even to the age of 100 .
There 's no reason why we can't live to 100 in a state of perfect health with outstanding cognitive function , free of chronic pain .
But to do that , you have to use it .
I firmly believe in the concept of " use it or lose it . "
If you 're not using those joints , then you 're going to lose their range of motion .
Just ask any physical therapist , they will tell you much the same .
You have to have range of motion in order to be free of pain .
The difficulty is that as we get older , we tend to stop using all of those muscles and joints in their full range of motion .
A lot of people who say that chronic pain is related to aging are really confusing cause and effect .
It 's not related to aging , it 's related to the number of years that they 've stopped using their body .
For example , take a person who is a dancer or someone engaged in yoga , Pilates or flexibility well into their 80s or 90s , and they wo n't have joint pain .
If aging causes joint pain , then how is it that these people have no pain ?
The answer is because they keep mobilizing those joints , they keep using their body .
They engage in Tai Chi or other gentle body movements .
And they are free from pain .
By the way , Tai Chi is another outstanding way to get range of motion , but it wo n't do quite the same thing for you in terms of muscle mass as Pilates training or other weight bearing exercises .
( Tai Chi has many other energetic benefits , though , which are beyond the scope of this article . )
What 's missing from all diets
The bottom line is if you are attempting to lose weight , or more specifically to lose body fat , then engaging in some form of strength training is crucial to your success .
I know there are a lot of books out there that say well , you can just change your foods , or you can consume this one particular food like grapefruit or cabbage , or you can go on the popular low - carb diet .
I know some people have success with that , but I think the vast majority of people do n't really meet their weight loss goals just by changing their foods .
What 's missing is that body component , the strength training , the movement , the flexibility , and also the cardiovascular training .
What I 'm suggesting is that you seriously consider finding a way to get some form of strength training into your life .
It could be as easy as buying a floor mat or a DVD video on Pilates .
Those videos are as little as $ 15 or $ 20 .
So your total investment , including the mat , could be only $ 40 or $ 50 .
And then you can engage in strength training .
But the catch is that you actually have to do it -- right ?
That 's the catch .
People want a system that requires no effort .
Sure , we all want that .
I 've even written a book on this called The 5 Habits of Health Transformation -- you 'll find that at truthpublishing .com - that lists the 5 most effective health strategies that require the least amount of effort .
And people have been downloading that book like crazy !
It 's been a huge hit , because people want to know what 's going to give them the best results for the least amount of time or money or effort .
I think it 's been successful because everybody 's so busy these days ; they really want the most effective and high impact strategies .
But the point is , none of this is going to happen for you automatically .
You can't just buy a Pilates video and gain muscle mass ; you actually have to do it .
Some of these Pilates moves , when you get into the advanced stages of it , are not so easy .
You know , lifting weights , even just for 15 seconds with high intensity , is n't always easy , either .
When I do it , sometimes I feel like I 'm about to pass out .
It 's such high intensity .
When I do a leg press with a 15 second high intensity static contraction system -- and I 'm really not even anywhere near what some of the founders are -- I 'm pushing at least 1500 lbs .
I 'm out of breath after that .
I 'm wiped out .
This is hard stuff !
It takes effort .
None of it is going to happen automatically , and if you whip through a strength training routine , and you dont feel like you 've done any work , then you probably have n't .
You 're not going to get any benefit from that .
At some point , it 's going to require some effort to get these results .
A lot of the information out there that claims you can lose weight without any effort is just flat out wrong .
Certainly , there are some shortcuts .
There are some strategies that can make it a lot easier for you , no doubt about that .
There are some nutritional supplements that can help -- I agree .
But the bottom line is , if you do n't engage the physical body , if you do n't do some strength training and some cardiovascular training , you 're not going to get the results you want .
Finding a workable system
Most people who are really committed to losing body fat are okay with the effort part .
That has n't been the problem .
The problem has been finding a strategy that really works .
What 's a system that works ?
People tried the Atkins Diet or the low carb diet , and for many people that did n't work .
People tried the low fat diet years ago -- well that did n't work , because everybody just loaded up on carbohydrates and cookies .
People tried all kinds of other things -- they tried stimulants , things that make you shake all day long because you have a lot of caffeine in your system .
And gee , they found out that did n't work either , because it just made them hungrier .
So , typically , it 's not the effort that stops people .
It 's the reliability of the system .
Finding out what really works is the hardest part .
Unfortunately , this particular narrative here is n't about food strategies that work for dieting , although I have many -- those that I 've used and those that I 've shared with others have really worked well .
I 'll be sharing those in another segment or another book .
But I can tell you that no system will work without the physical body movement component .
You 've got to engage in strength training , you 've got to engage in cardiovascular exercise , even if it 's just walking for 5 minutes a day .
If you can't walk , even just lifting your arms for 10 minutes a day , or lifting a 1 lb dumbbell over your head 50 times will benefit you .
I do n't care what it is , if you can move something , then you can engage in cardiovascular exercise .
There is no excuse , unless you happen to be paralyzed from the neck down , in which case obviously you can't engage in strength training .
But for everybody else , there 's no excuse .
If you can move a limb , you can do this .
Find a way to start strength training today , and your body will immediately start showing results .
A few minutes ago , the Ubuntu development team unleashed the third and last alpha version of the upcoming Ubuntu 10.04 LTS ( Lucid Lynx ) operating system , due for release in late April this year .
As usual , we 've downloaded a copy of it in order to keep you up - to - date with the latest changes in the Ubuntu 10.04 LTS development .
What 's new in Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Alpha 3 ?
First of all , you should know that this is the last alpha release , and the next development version will by Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Beta 1 , available in three weeks from today .
For the Alpha 3 , Nouveau has been assigned as the default video driver for Nvidia graphics cards , instead of the old nv one , and the popular Mozilla Thunderbird 3 e-mail and rss / news client has been included in the default software repository , replacing the old 2.x release .
No , it 's not ( yet ) the default mail client for Ubuntu , but we sure hope that it will replace Novell 's Evolution soon !
Ubuntu 10.04 LTS
Alpha 3 is powered by the GNOME 2.30 Beta 1 ( 2.29.91 ) desktop environment and the kernel packages have been updated to version 2.6.32-14.20 , based on Linux kernel 2.6.32.8 .
The Indicator Applet Session received major features , and the volume applet has been redesigned a little bit .
Looks like Ubuntu is getting ready for social networking activities , and it has built in support for Facebook , Twitter , identi.ca and many other similar services .
The Gwibber microblogging client has been also added to complement the aforementioned social networking services .
Take a look at the screenshots below to see the new features ...
The revamped volume applet includes " Sound Preferences " option
The redesigned Indicator Applet Session has features for social networking
Gwibber is now included in the Indicator Applet
Editor 's note : Gwibber did not start with our copy of Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Alpha 3 !
What 's new in Kubuntu 10.04 LTS Alpha 3 ?
The third alpha version of the upcoming Kubuntu 10.04 LTS operating system is built on top of the KDE Software Compilation 4.4.0 , and includes Amarok 2.2.90 , GNOME applications systray integration , better integration for Mozilla Firefox , touchpad configuration support in System Settings , and many more !
Kubuntu 10.04 LTS
Alpha 3
Xubuntu 10.04 LTS
Alpha 3
The Lucid Lynx Release Schedule :
December 10th , 2009 - Alpha 1 release ; January 14th , 2010 - Alpha 2 release ; February 25th , 2010 - Alpha 3 release ; March 18th , 2010 - Beta 1 release ; April 8th , 2010 - Beta 2 release ; April 22nd , 2010 - Release Candidate ; April 29th , 2010 - Final release of Ubuntu 10.04 LTS .
Download Ubuntu 10.04 LTS
Alpha 3 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Netbook Remix 10.04 LTS
Alpha 3 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Server 10.04 LTS
Alpha 3 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Enterprise Cloud 10.04 LTS
Alpha 3 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Studio 10.04 LTS
Alpha 3 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Kubuntu 10.04 LTS
Alpha 3 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Kubuntu Netbook Remix 10.04 LTS
Alpha 3 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Xubuntu 10.04 Alpha 3 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Edubuntu 10.04 Alpha 3 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Mythbuntu 10.04 Alpha 3 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Lubuntu 10.04 Alpha 3 right now from Softpedia .
Remember that this is an alpha release and it should NOT be installed on production machines .
It is intended to be used for testing purposes only .
Please report bugs to the Ubuntu Bug Tracker .
In the beginning the organic movement struggled to shed its image of wonky carrots sold by hippies with dirty cuffs and sandals .
Now it has the opposite problem : associated with high - priced jars of chutney and biscuits sold by slick marketing men to the dinner party classes .
Now the UK's biggest organic body , the Soil Association , is confronting its posh image problem with a special session at its annual conference this week devoted to debating " organic elitism " .
" Organic is now seen as expensive and elitist , " says the programme .
" Have we been complicit in this positioning and how can it be challenged ? "
It is easy to see why charges of elitism have been thrown at an association that was co-founded by Lady Balfour ( niece of the former prime minister , Arthur Balfour ) , has the Prince of Wales as a long - standing current patron , and celebrity gardener and Cambridge graduate Monty Don as its new president .
Such a background is also inherently likely in an organisation founded on new ideas , says Patrick Holden , the Soil Association 's director .
" The early adopters of any new approach to something tend to be people who are not only better educated but better off , because they can afford to try something that many not be economically viable , " said Holden in an interview with the Guardian .
Holden rejects the idea that organic farming and food should be elitist , however .
" Right from the outset we challenged the orthodoxy of agricultural practices ; it [ the association ] was founded on the belief everything is connected : soil and food and plants and animals and people and the environment . "
" The paradox is there 's this view that organic is elitist , it 's expensive , it 's a lifestyle choice for people who can afford it .
As far as I 'm concerned it 's not elitist to believe everyone should have the right to high - quality , nutritious food from sustainable farming systems .
What 's elitist is that a handful of corporations have got a vice - like grip on the farming systems and food . "
Holden , however , admits that at times organic campaigners have come across as " hair shirt and preachy " , " ghettoised " and even " aggressive " .
" We were perhaps so used to being marginalised we forgot our first responsibility was to engage with the public , with the media , " said Holden .
" There must have been occasions in the past years where we have gone over the line , and we must apologise for it . "
After a surge in popularity in the 1990s , organic food has become a common feature of almost all supermarkets and food retailers in Britain , organic shops and cafes have thrived , and it is now possible to buy organic snacks at even the most unlikely venues , like motor racing tracks .
But although one survey found half of shoppers in a major supermarket chain put at least one organic product in their basket , total organic sales have remained only a stubbornly small niche of Britain 's gargantuan annual shopping bill .
Doubts about claims that organic products were tastier and healthier have also increased in recent years .
In 2007 , David Miliband upset the organic food industry while he was environment secretary by saying that there was no " conclusive evidence " about the health benefits of organic food and that buying it was " a lifestyle choice " .
And last year the recession made consumers more wary of paying higher prices , leading to a 14 % drop in sales .
Holden believes there are several issues underpinning the image of elitism and distrust : organic produce is more expensive to produce because farmers cannot rely on chemicals to fertilise their land and kill pests , and the Soil Association 's founding mission to improve the sustainability of the environment has become confused with their day - to - day business of certifying 80 % of the UK 's organic produce .
Last year a Food Standards
Agency study reported that there were " no important differences in the nutrition content , or any additional health benefits , of organic food when compared with conventionally produced food . "
Although the Soil Association never actively promoted such claims , the organisation 's own polling showed an " overwhelming majority " of organic shoppers were first motivated by health .
As evidence that their approach is justified , Holden cites the example of the association rejecting the use of animals in feed for cattle and sheep long before the outcry against such practices during the BSE and " mad cow disease " disaster .
" A lot of the decisions we have made over the years have been based on observation , intuition , hypothesis , " he said .
" Later the science has come along to show our intuition or whatever have been validated by the science . "
The conference event is just one of several moves to counter the elitist image of organic ideals : the association is also expanding a scheme to bring freshly prepared , local and organic produce into school dinners , has set up organic skills courses on farms across the country , and is working with communities including Swindon , Bristol and all of Wales to develop " food plans " to make their food supply more " self - sufficient " .
Holden also recognises public support is the only way to convince politicians to take the organic movement seriously as part of the current national debate about food security in the face of rising demands for food and water , diminishing oil reserves and climate change .
" We 're standing in the face of the biggest question that 's ever concerned humanity , " added Holden , " and we have common cause with every other industry and human . "
Organic v Supermarket
Chicken
Waitrose organic chicken
£ 6.39 / kg
Waitrose organic chickens are free to roam in organic pastures and fed an organic cereal - based diet .
Essential Waitrose British chicken
£ 3.06/ kg
Vegetables
Abel & Cole organic broccoli
£ 3.64/ kg
During the British season much of Abel & Cole 's broccoli is grown by Tony Norman at his award winning Arrow Organics Farm in Pembridge , Herefordshire .
Sainsbury 's broccoli
£ 1.98/ kg
Milk
Tesco organic semi-skimmed milk
£ 0.91 / litre
Organic milk comes from cows which are only fed organic cereals and graze on land free from artificial fertilisers and pesticides .
Tesco semi- skimmed milk
£ 0.76 / litre
Biscuits
Duchy Originals organic highland all butter shortbread ( 150g )
£ 1.33/100g
Made from organic wheat flour harvested from the Home Farm at Highgrove , raw and unprocessed sugar , organic British butter and sea salt
Walkers pure butter shortbread ( 250 g )
£ 0.80 / 100g
CrispsÈ
Thin White Maize Tortilla Chips , Garcia ( 150g )
£ 1.63/100g
Made from organic white maize .
Any corn that does n't end up in finished products is donated to cattle farmers or pet food manufacturers .
Doritos Cool Original 130g
£ 0.76/100g
Holly Bentley
Poison in a can
( Natural News ) A 14 - year study of 60,000 people in Singapore found that those who consume two or more sweetened soft drinks per week have anPublished in the journal , the study was led by Mark Pereira of the University of Minnesota who said , " The high levels of sugar in soft drinks may be increasing the level of insulin in the body , which we think contributes to pancreatic cancer cell growth .
" Nearly 38,000 people are diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in the United States each year , and over 34,000 die from the disease each year .
This research points to what may be the common culprit of all those preventable deaths : Sugary soft drink consumption .
NaturalNews has warned readers for years about the dangers of consuming soft drinks .
The sweetener used in most beverages -- high - fructose corn syrup -- is linked to both diabetes and obesity .
The phosphoric acid found in soft drinks is highly acidic , stripping minerals from bones and promoting osteoporosis .
At the same time , , too .
For those who consume diet sodas , the health risks may be even worse : Aspartame causes neurological side effects that include blindness , headaches and impaired cognitive function .
The beverage industry , of course , denies any links between soda consumption and negative health effects .
It wants consumers to naively believe that liquid sugar , phosphoric acid and pressurized carbon dioxide are all good for you !
But experience tells us otherwise : Look at the people you know who consume the most soft drinks and ask yourself this simple question :
Are they the healthiest people I know ?
Probably not .
Most likely , if they 've been drinking sodas for many years , they 're suffering from obesity , diabetes , kidney stones and perhaps even pancreatic cancer
I ’ve said it , now I regret it .
“ We do n’t go to church , we are the church . ”
Of course this is correct .
And when people started saying it I am sure they had good intentions .
They wanted people to understand that the focus of ministry for christians was not on Sunday morning , but what the body of Christ carried out into the world But what has it really accomplished ?
I am afraid the phrase has made many of us conceited .
As in , “ we are not those people who believe that the church is a building , but have a correct understanding of what the church really is . ”
It definitely has the flavor of the Pharisee ’s prayer : “ I thank thee oh God that I am not like other men ... ”
The focus has not changed to “ being the church , ” “ but being one who knows the correct thing to say .
” Is there anything wrong with saying “ I ’m going to church ? ” I mean , is it a sin ?
No .
But maybe if it is not a sin , maybe it is dangerous to even imply that the church might be something you go to .
If that is the case then maybe the best question to ask is , “ are some of the churches problems correlated to people thinking that the focus of ministry happens on Sunday morning in a building ?
” Depending how you answer that question reveals something about you .
If you answer yes to the question than you believe that the church ’s flaws are based on methodology .
But I do n’t think the problems of the church stem mainly from a Sunday - centric view of ministry .
In other words the problems of our churches are not mainly methodological .
And , therefore , a change in terminology can’t change anything in any deep way , and actually might make us into snobbish people who are self - satisfied that they believe the right things about church .
Previous research shows doctors often miss signs of malnutrition Nutrition needs to be made a more important part of the doctor training system , a leading expert has said .
Gastroenterologist Dr Penny Neild , who works at London 's St George 's Hospital , said training on how to spot and tackle malnutrition was " patchy " .
She said medical schools and junior doctor programmes were focusing too much on the science of being a doctor rather than basic care .
But regulators said courses should give medics a " good understanding " .
The issue of malnutrition has been a long - running concern in the NHS .
The problem is that doctors do not recognise it and if it is not picked up the patients cannot be passed on to dieticians to address the problem
Dr Penny Neild , gastroenterologist
Up to one in four patients may be at risk , research shows .
But the British Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition ( Bapen ) campaign group has warned that doctors working both in hospitals and as GPs often miss the signs .
To address the issue , the government published a Nutrition Action Plan in 2007 encouraging better screening and staff training .
But Dr Neild , who is an adviser to Bapen , said it was now time to improve doctor training , in an article for the newly - formed Frontline Gastroenterology journal .
Nutrition is a core element in the first year of a junior doctor course , but it is not a mandatory part of medical school curriculums or many specialist training courses in the latter part of the junior doctor training programme .
Dr Neild said as a gastroenterologist she had to deal with the consequences of severe malnutrition which requires tube - feeding to be introduced .
" The problem is that doctors do not recognise it and if it is not picked up the patients cannot be passed on to dieticians to address the problem .
" Doctors are taught a lot about medical interventions , but not how to assess and manage poor nutrition . "
' Good understanding '
However , she accepted progress was being made .
The introduction of nutrition in the first year of junior doctor training has only been rolled out in recent years , while the royal colleges are looking at devising a standardised curriculum for medical schools which may well have more emphasis on nutrition .
But Dr Neild said it was important to build on this .
In particular , she wanted to see specialist training - the part of the junior doctor course which enables medics to become a particular type of doctor such as GP or surgeon - incorporate tailored courses on nutrition .
The General Medical Council , which from April will take responsibility for all stages of doctors ' education and training , said that by the time medical students graduate they should already have a " good understanding " of nutrition .
" The GMC outlines the knowledge , skills and behaviours that UK medical students should learn in its guidance , Tomorrow 's Doctors .
" It specifies that newly qualified doctors must be able to make an assessment of a patient 's state of nutrition ; discuss the role of nutrition in health ; and be able to apply to practice the scientific principles on nutrition . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Evidence for the safety and efficacy of influenza vaccines in the over 65s is poor , despite the fact that vaccination has been recommended for the prevention of influenza in older people for the past 40 years .
These are the conclusions of a new Cochrane Systematic Review .
Adults aged 65 and over are some of the most vulnerable during influenza season and a priority for vaccination programmes .
However , very few systematic reviews of the effectiveness of vaccines in this group have ever been carried out .
The researchers conducted a thorough search of studies based on previous vaccine trials .
Randomised controlled trials ( RCTs ) are often considered the " gold standard " , but of the 75 studies included in their review , the researchers were only able to identify one recent RCT with " real " outcomes .
In other words , this was the only RCT that used influenza cases as an outcome , as opposed to surrogate outcomes such as measurements of influenza antibodies in the blood .
All the other studies included in the review were deemed of low quality and open to bias .
Limited reliable evidence from the studies suggests that the effectiveness of influenza vaccines is modest at best .
" Our estimates are consistently below those usually quoted by economists and in decision making , " says lead researcher Tom Jefferson of the Cochrane Collaboration in Rome , Italy .
" But until we have all available evidence , it is hard to reach any clear conclusions about the effectiveness of influenza vaccines in older people . "
" As the evidence is so scarce at the moment , we should be looking at other strategies to complement vaccinations .
Some of these are very simple things like personal hygiene , and adequate food and water , " says Jefferson .
" Meanwhile , we need to undertake a high quality , publicly funded trial that runs over several seasons to try to resolve some of the uncertainties we 're currently facing . "
Jefferson is also one of the authors of a second review publishing this week , which focuses on the efficacy of influenza vaccinations in healthcare workers who work with the elderly .
The results are also inconclusive , with each of the four trials included in the review being of inadequate quality and reaching implausible conclusions .
The researchers were unable to draw any conclusions about whether vaccinating healthcare workers helps to prevent influenza symptoms and death in people aged over 60 .
###
Forgot your password ?
Email Address Reset Password
Please contact us if you have any trouble resetting your password .
If you reeeeally want an iPad but do n't want to scrap together $ 499 for the entry - level model , then the iPodMeister service has an interesting solution for you — swap 600 CDs for Steve Jobs 's newest product .
iPodMeister offers a one - stop solution for anyone looking to flog their CD or DVD collection in return for an Apple device .
At the lowest end of the scale , 220 CDs or DVDs will get you an 8 GB iPod nano , while 1,150 CDs or DVDs will net you a 64GB 3G - enabled iPad .
Adding to the simplicity of the service , iPodMeister will also " digitize " your music collection ( i.e. , rip the CDs you send in ) as long as you are prepared to see the CD " cost " per item go up .
While the service has been going since 2004 , the iPad option is naturally the newest addition , seeing as how the device is due to be available on April 3 .
[ via NYTimes ]
The Chilcot inquiry today met its first " hostile " witness , Sir John Scarlett , former head of MI6 .
Mastermind of Saddam 's threat of weapons of mass destruction and thus architect of Tony Blair 's case for the Iraq war , he entered the inquisition room like a small , well - bred bull , ready for battle .
Within seconds he was wandering round the ring , lost and searching for a matador .
The inquiry appeared to have gone on strike .
Scarlett duly droned for a third of his allotted time on the structure of the joint intelligence committee .
The inquiry members looked to the ceiling , gazed at their feet , even seemed to fall asleep .
Scarlett teased them with tales of dossiers and spin , with murmurs of American pressure , aluminium tubes and the clear impression that weapons inspectors were spies .
They barely noticed .
He failed to mention Alastair Campbell or Tony Blair .
He did all he could to cause a fight , but he failed .
He walked out unmarked .
Chilcot is an inquiry with much to prove .
For two weeks , the investigation into the alleged failures of the 2003 invasion of Iraq has dealt with processes and procedures .
One elegant mandarin after another has paraded , well - rehearsed , before it .
Rarely do more than a few onlookers grace the airless room , overwhelmed by infantile government security .
At one session a group of bemused tourists declared it " at least better than the House of Lords " .
This may be merely a prologue to the star turn , Blair , who is not due until next year .
But Scarlett was the star 's apprentice , and the place was for once packed and expectant .
When pressed on being told to " firm up " the intelligence of weapons of mass destruction in 2002 , Scarlett was left to declare blandly that that is what he did .
When asked if there was any coercion from America , he said no .
When asked if perhaps the September dossier , and its 45 - minutes warning , was confusing , he said probably .
When asked if he might have disapproved of Blair 's " without doubt " interpretation of it , he said maybe .
I never thought I would cry " send for a lawyer " but the inquiry desperately lacks a skilled cross-examiner , someone who at least knows the word supplementary .
The inquiry 's two historians , Sir Martin Gilbert and Sir Laurence Freedman , appear to be researching their next book .
Lady Prashar is interested only in " clearing things up " .
The diplomat Sir Roderic Lyne occasionally leaps to inquisitorial life , but not when faced by the head of MI6 .
This was like a private conversation in a Whitehall club .
For all that , a picture is starting to emerge from Chilcot .
It is of 2002 and an ever more lonely Blair , desperate to be " a serious player " on the world stage .
He is trapped between what his Washington ambassador , Sir Christopher Meyer , eulogised as his " enormously close relationship " with George Bush , and British lawyers telling him an invasion would be illegal , British generals saying an occupation would be a shambles and cabinet colleagues thinking him mad .
( I hope we hear from some of them . )
The inquiry so far has been dominated by two themes , the chaos of the American occupation of Baghdad , and the zeal of the Foreign Office to drive a stake through Blair 's heart at the nearest crossroads , for destroying Britain 's reputation in the diplomats ' beloved Middle East .
Rarely can Whitehall 's finest have turned so savagely on a recent boss .
The FCO 's chief , Sir Peter Ricketts , was blunt : " We quite clearly distanced ourselves from talk about regime change , " which Blair had mooted as early as 1998 .
His colleague , Sir William Patey , said that when Bush came to power , " we heard the drumbeats from Washington … and our policy was to stay away from that part of the spectrum .
It had no basis in law . "
The illegality of the invasion is a leitmotif , yielding Chilcot 's one inadvertent scoop , a leak of a letter submitted by the then attorney - general , Lord Goldsmith , to Blair in 2002 .
This declared that the invasion had " no legal basis for military action … as things stand you obviously cannot do it . "
When Blair ignored the letter and banned Goldsmith from cabinet , the attorney general reportedly threatened to resign and famously lost three stone in weight .
Just two weeks before the invasion , Goldsmith was still warning the cabinet , as well as the chief of the defence staff , Admiral Lord Boyce , that British soldiers could be " arraigned before the international criminal court " if they went to war .
This led Boyce to demand " unequivocal advice " that the war was legal .
Goldsmith duly changed his mind .
The then lord chancellor , Lord Falconer , has publicly dismissed the spin put on the letter as " totally false " .
Since he and Goldsmith cannot both be right , their cross-examination in the new year should be the next test of Chilcot 's muscle .
They should be forced to appear together .
The spilling of Blair 's blood so far has come not from the inquiry but from the witnesses .
Bush is portrayed as treating Blair as a patsy .
One official after another has rubbished Blair 's claim that intelligence indicated " beyond doubt " that Saddam had mass destruction weapons and intended to use them .
Since the phrase was not Scarlett's , the finger points to Blair 's Downing Street team .
It remains to be seen how many will be called to give evidence .
The Butler report on WMD intelligence omitted all mention of Blair 's spin doctors .
The chief respite for Blair has come from his foreign policy aide , Sir David Manning , and from Meyer .
The former offered a model display of graded loyalty to his boss .
Manning stressed Blair 's commitment to " the UN route " , to giving the weapons inspectors enough time and to ensuring cover for public opinion back home .
This contrasted with Meyer 's evidence , that Blair had been gung - ho for regime change since 1998 and that his bond with Bush at the Crawford meeting in April 2002 was probably " signed in blood " .
Blair 's lack of influence in Washington is becoming ever more stark .
Only the possibility that he might lose a Commons vote on going to war seems to have moved Bush to attempt another UN resolution .
As the aid department 's Sir Suma Chakrabarti said yesterday , he and his colleague could not believe America 's lack of concern for the UN , indeed for world opinion , believing that " rationality would break out at some stage " .
It did not .
The Americans did not care what their allies did or did not do .
It was Blair who seemed desperate , according to the deputy chief of the defence staff , Sir Anthony Piggott , to do " something meaty on the ground " .
Blair 's eagerness seems to have cost Britain all leverage .
Meyer was forced by Lyne to confront the central question , whether Blair could have avoided going to Iraq without damage to British interests .
Meyer 's answer was yes .
Bush even phoned Blair to suggest he could " sit out the war " , while the Pentagon 's Donald Rumsfeld was happy to go in alone .
But Blair wanted too much to be there .
So far , said Meyer , " we had underestimated the leverage at our disposal " .
Now it evaporated .
Meyer has been the undoubted star of the show so far .
In a startling but unnoticed revelation , he mentioned that Blair refused even to use his good offices with Bush to lobby for relief from tariffs on Britain 's special steel or seek domestic slots for Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin planes .
Blair was hugely popular but his clout in Washington was exhausted .
Thanks to him the pre-Iraq phase was an awful episode in British diplomacy .
No wonder the Foreign Office wants history to free it of blame .
More serious was the frustration clearly faced by the army .
Admiral Lord Boyce told the inquiry that he was banned by the defence secretary , Geoff Hoon , from actively preparing for invasion since it might suggest Britain was not serious about seeking the abortive UN resolution .
In the understatement of the inquiry , Boyce said he found this ban , just months from a putative invasion , " very frustrating " .
He could not even talk to his own head of logistics .
Boyce added that he found the whole American approach " anorexic " , largely because of " disfunctionality " between departments in Washington .
He himself had sometimes to act as go - between .
This led to the Americans being desperately understaffed on the ground when trouble began in late - 2003 .
While the lack of post - invasion planning is hardly news – there is a shelf of memoirs on it – Whitehall 's desperation to put its warning of chaos on the Chilcot record is palpable .
The FCO 's Iraq expert , Edward Chaplin , spoke of neo -con Washington 's " real blind spot " , indeed its " touching faith " , that there would be " dancing in the streets after the invasion … all sweetness and light " .
Major General Tim Cross , stationed in Baghdad , said he told Blair that post - war planning was " chaotic " , but Blair just stared .
On his arrival in the city after the invasion , Cross told of his " amazement " at the shambles that greeted him .
Entire government departments were being run from single tables in Saddam 's palace corridor , those in charge changing by the week .
The purpose of this inquiry remains obscure .
Its tales are familiar to those who have followed the war , and such interest as exists comes largely from hearing the old tales from the horses ' mouths .
Sir John Chilcot treats witnesses like a therapist with a nervous patient .
The absence , at least so far , of any Iraqis , Americans , foreigners of any sort or even British politicians has become glaring .
If this is to be a first rough draft of history , it is so far a highly partial one .
Chilcot emphatically rejects being cast as a court , let alone a foretaste of a Nuremburg trial .
It is a far cry from the scrutiny of America 's Capitol Hill or the milder forensic thrust of a Hutton or a Butler .
This appears as a very British inquest , an intrusion into the private grief , or perhaps the self - styled triumph , of one man , Tony Blair .
But who knows ?
Perhaps still waters yet run deep .
In just the last week , two different people have come to me to get feedback on their pricing .
One was a startup selling a very sophisticated product to corporate enterprises .
The other was selling consulting services to individuals , small businesses , and trade associations .
In both cases , however , the questions were the same : how should I price this on a per -head basis ?
When should I charge a flat fee ?
How do I make sure I 'm not leaving money on the table ?
How do I make sure I 'm not losing customers ?
I believe that people like to comparison shop , but that they only choose amongst those providers who make it easy to compare prices .
If you provide a rate up front , you are at a substantial competitive advantage to your competitors who require potential customers to fill in a lead generation form . , if you have a premium product and you have a competitive advantage because you make it easier for customers to compare you against the competition , for the love of God , .
Higher costs are a signaling mechanism that you 're selling a premium product .
I can't find a link , but there 's an apocryphal tale that Cadillac sales actually went down in the 1980s when Cadillac lowered prices .
Traditional economics says that lower prices means you move right on the demand curve , leading to higher sales , but it did n't happen because consumers thought the lower prices were a signal of lower quality .
OK , now that we 'd established better base rates , the question came down to how do we set the appropriate levels based on demand ?
Surely you want to have quantity discounts , especially for those parts of the business that are easily scalable .
Well , to start , let 's take a look at a business I know intimately well .
Here are my rates for business consulting and GMAT tutoring services ( two wildly divergent services , one simple rate table ) :
Hours Per Hour 1 - 4 $ 150.00 5 - 9 $ 125.00 10 or more $ 100.00
As you can see , there 's a substantial price break for pre-paying for more hours .
This allows me to better manage my schedule and worry less about new client recruitment , and it encourages my clients to buy more hours as they get more " bang for their buck " .
It 's a traditional win-win situation .
As you can see , there 's a substantial price break for pre-paying for more hours .
This allows me to better manage my schedule and worry less about new client recruitment , and it encourages my clients to buy more hours as they get more " bang for their buck " .
It 's a traditional win-win situation .
( Note : I 've actually since raised my rates since this was originally published in November 2009 : they 're now $ 300 , $ 250 , and $ 200 an hour for the various pre-payments .
Read on for why . )
How did I pick my rates ?
Well , they just " feel " right .
It " feels like " a good balance of encouraging larger purchases , but there 's no real rhyme or reason .
To me , it 's like the golden ratio : it just " feels " right .
However , it also turns out that there 's a constant that shows up again and again in other successful companies ' pricing .
Let me demonstrate with pretty pictures :
Here 's a graph of my consulting / tutoring rates :
Here 's a graph of my consulting / tutoring rates :
As you can see , there are two steps : one at 5 hours and one at 10 hours .
Everything else is constant .
As you can see , at the 5 hour mark , my new rate is 83 % of the rate for 1 - 4 hours .
At the 10 hour mark , the new rate is 80 % of the 5 - 9 hour rate .
So the reduction in rates is very similar : about 80 % of the prior rate .
As you can see , there are two steps : one at 5 hours and one at 10 hours .
Everything else is constant .
As you can see , at the 5 hour mark , my new rate is 83 % of the rate for 1 - 4 hours .
At the 10 hour mark , the new rate is 80 % of the 5 - 9 hour rate .
So the reduction in rates is very similar : about 80 % of the prior rate .
Well , remember how I said we see this in lots of other places ?
It 's really quite uncanny .
Let 's start with everyone 's " it just works " darling , Well , remember how I said we see this in lots of other places ?
It 's really quite uncanny .
Let 's start with everyone 's " it just works " darling , Dropbox Dropbox has a free account up to 2 GB , then Dropbox has a free account up to 2 GB , then paid accounts that go up to 50 GB and 100 GB based on payment .
As you can see , the price per GB spikes once you need just a little more than 50 GB , but then it comes down to the levels from 30 - 50 GB .
It turns out that you pay exactly the same amount per GB at 80 GB as you do at 30 GB ( $ 3.00 / GB per year ) and exactly the same amount at 100 GB as you do at 50 GB ( $ 2.40 / GB per year ) .
Here 's the graph for 37signals '
Here 's the graph for 37signals ' Basecamp Basecamp comes in Basecamp comes in four paid flavors : 3 GB of storage for $ 24 a month , 10 GB of storage for $ 49 a month , 20 GB for $ 99 per , and 50 GB for $ 149 per .
Again , you see the same spikes in yearly price per GB at the break points .
Again , as you get into larger amounts , the difference for every marginal GB becomes relatively minor .
Again , it 's a bit asymptotic at the tail ( in this case , in the mid-$ 30s per GB per year ) .
Lastly , let 's take a look at Lastly , let 's take a look at Freshbooks Unlike the others , Unlike the others , Freshbooks charges per client , not per GB , which makes sense as it's an accounting system , not a file storage repository .
Freshbook charges $ 19 a month for up to 25 clients , $ 29 for up to 100 , and $ 39 for up to 500 .
In this graph , I do n't go all the way out to the " Starship " and " Time Machine " packages ( seriously , guys , WTF ? ) , but you can see the same spikes in per client costs at the 25 , 100 , and 500 client breakpoints that we saw for the GB breakpoints for Dropbox and Basecamp .
" But wait ! " you say .
" These graphs show spikes in the per - unit costs only at the break points - they 're almost flat at the other points
The graph for your consulting services showed troughs in the break points . "
This is true , grasshopper .
Except !
Take a look at the first few data points for all three .
Notice something ?
At the small amounts , there actually is a substantial difference at each incremental GB or client ( the lighter line ) .
Let 's look at these differences in table form : " But wait ! " you say .
" These graphs show spikes in the per - unit costs only at the break points - they 're almost flat at the other points
The graph for your consulting services showed troughs in the break points . "
This is true , grasshopper .
Except !
Take a look at the first few data points for all three .
Notice something ?
At the small amounts , there actually is a substantial difference at each incremental GB or client ( the lighter line ) .
Let 's look at these differences in table form :
Dropbox
GB Price Per GB % of Previous 0
1
2
3 $ 39.96
4 $ 29.97 75 % 5 $ 23.98 80 % 6 $ 19.98 83 % 7 $ 17.13 86 % 8 $ 14.99 88 % 9 $ 13.32 89 % 10 $ 11.99 90 %
Basecamp
GB Price Per GB % of Previous 0
1 $ 288.00
2 $ 144.00 50 % 3 $ 96.00 67 % 4 $ 147.00 153 % 5 $ 117.60 80 % 6 $ 98.00 83 % 7 $ 84.00 86 % 8 $ 73.50 88 % 9 $ 65.33 89 % 10 $ 58.80 90 %
Freshbooks
Clients Price Per Client % of Previous 0
1
2
3
4 $ 57.00
5 $ 45.60 80 % 6 $ 38.00 83 % 7 $ 32.57 86 % 8 $ 28.50 88 % 9 $ 25.33 89 % 10 $ 22.80 90 %
That 's right - early on , there 's a lot of 80 - something percents in the per-unit differences .
So here 's my rule : The rule of 80 % .
For anyone selling on an incremental basis , set your break points that the per-unit costs of the new tier are 80 % of the per - unit cost for the previous tier .
If you 're a consultant , whatever your break points are , charge 80 % on a per - hour basis at your breaks .
If you charge $ 1000 an hour , whatever your break point is - 5 hours , 10 hours , 1000 hours , make sure the per - hour charge after the break point is no more than $ 800 an hour .
If you sell beer at $ 5 a bottle , make sure the cost of a six pack ( the logical break point ) is no more than $ 24 , for a per - unit cost of $ 4 .
If you 're selling at a fixed price , it 's a no more complex .
You just must make sure that your break point from your first paid tier to your second paid tier is high enough to clear the 80s on the light line and it gets into the 90 percent range .
If you set your second paid tier too early , before the dramatic savings in per - unit use peter out , your customers will be able to " feel " that you 're trying to rip them off and they may not sign up with you in the first place .
Once you give them enough goodies at the first paid tier , then you can feel free to ratchet things up - just make sure that your third and fourth tier ratchets do n't kick in until the per - unit cost is at or below the limits of the previous tier .
( Essentially , make sure your dark line is at the low point in the graph before you create a new tier . )
Well , based on this rule , it looks like 37signals is ripping users off on their Plus plan when compared to their Basic plan .
Perhaps that 's why they highlight the Plus plan - to avoid comparisons to the Basic plan in favor of comparisons to their Premium and Max plans , where the Plus plan does look like a fair deal .
Or , perhaps , maybe the per -GB comparison is the wrong one .
So let 's take a look at the per-project comparison :
The lowest number of chinook salmon in recorded history made their way up the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers last fall , turning what was already a disaster for the fishing industry into what some are calling an environmental and economic catastrophe .
It is the second year in a row that there have been record low numbers of spawning salmon , a situation that has created a political conundrum as the battle among farmers , fishermen and various municipalities over water rights heats up .
Only 39,530 fall - run chinook spawned in the once - thriving salmon factory known as the Sacramento - San Joaquin River system .
That 's compared with 64,456 in 2008 and 87,940 the year before that .
It is the worst three - year period in the watershed since records were first compiled in the 1970s , biologists said .
" It is bad , " said Michael O'Farrell , a fisheries biologist for National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration fisheries service .
" This is the lowest number of adult spawners that we have observed in the Sacramento system and it is continuing a three - year pattern of decline .
Certainly we 're going to take a very close look at this situation . "
Neither O'Farrell nor biologists with the California Department of Fish and Game could explain the low numbers , which fell well short of the 122,196 fish that scientists had predicted would show up .
" The collapse of the fall - run chinook population and fishery is a catastrophe for fishermen and for those who like to see our streams full of salmon , as they were only a few years ago , " said Peter Moyle , a nationally known UC Davis professor of conservation and fish biology .
Fishing ban likely
The 14 - member Pacific Fishery Management Council has banned ocean salmon fishing off the California and Oregon coasts two years in a row because of the paltry numbers .
There is little doubt , given the situation , that the fishing ban will be extended a third year when the council meets in March and April to determine fishing limits .
" It is devastating to see a number like this , " said Dick Pool , a fishing equipment manufacturer and the Western regional director of the American Sportfishing Association .
" When we look to the future , it really portends trouble for these fish . "
The Sacramento River 's spawning run was the last great salmon run along the giant Central Valley river system , which includes the San Joaquin , American , Feather and Yuba rivers .
In these waterways were leaping , wriggling chinook so plentiful that old - timers recalled reaching in and plucking fish right out of the water .
Chinook , known scientifically as Oncorhynchus tshawytscha , hatch in rivers and streams .
Also known as king salmon , they pass through San Francisco Bay and roam the Pacific Ocean as far away as Alaska before returning three years later to spawn where they were born in the Sacramento River and its tributaries .
The fall run in September and October has for decades been the backbone of the West Coast fishing industry , providing 90 percent of the king salmon caught in California and 60 percent harvested in Oregon .
At its peak in 2002 , 769,868 fish spawned in Central Valley rivers .
Poor ocean conditions
A study last year by federal , state and academic scientists blamed most of the collapse on poor conditions in the ocean .
The destruction of river habitat , water diversions and dams in the Central Valley weakened the fish and they could n't handle the scanty food supply in the warming Pacific Ocean , according to NOAA scientists .
Exacerbating the problem , some researchers claim , is the fact that most of the salmon in California are now less genetically diverse hatchery fish instead of naturally spawning wild chinook .
The dismal return is threatening to inflame tensions between California farming interests and the fishing industry .
Moyle and others said ocean conditions have improved over the past few years , so salmon numbers should have increased .
That has , in turn , fueled the contention among fishing representatives that diversions of water from the delta for agribusiness are causing the problem .
Fishermen were furious this week when Sen. Dianne Feinstein proposed diverting more water for Central Valley farmers .
They claim she is being bamboozled by agribusiness interests and right - wing talk show hosts who insist cuts in water exports are putting salt - of - the - earth farmers out of business .
The real story , Pool contends , is that reckless increases in pumping have sucked up and killed millions of baby salmon as well as delta smelt , the tiny endangered fish that Fox News pundit Sean Hannity and agricultural lobbyists referred to as the " minnow " environmentalists are hosing farmers to save .
" We 're watching our salmon disappear in exact concert with a 16 percent increase of delta water diversions over the last decade , " Pool said .
Fishing jobs lost
Whatever the cause , an estimated 23,000 fishermen and fishing industry workers have lost their jobs as a result of the fishing ban .
About 1,200 commercial boats have been grounded during salmon season while harbor communities and fishing - related businesses have lost an estimated $ 2.8 billion .
O'Farrell said an advisory body of scientists will be investigating the cause of the decline .
" Of course , we all wish there were more fish , " he said .
" No one is happy . "
It was the kind of phone call every mother dreads .
At 4.24 am on 27 March 2003 , Erica Duggan was woken by her son Jeremiah , a normally ebullient 22 - year - old .
" Mum , I 'm in trouble , " he said .
In hushed tones , he told her he was in Germany and began spelling the letters of the place he was staying , " W , i , e , s ... " .
Then the line went dead .
The next call came from the police .
German officers had found Jerry 's body three hours later on the side of the B455 , a busy dual carriageway running south - east out of the city of Wiesbaden towards the Rhine .
Witnesses said a man had scrambled into the centre of the road and was hit by a brown Peugeot 406 , and then a blue Volkswagen .
By the time paramedics and police arrived , Jerry was dead of head injuries .
The subsequent police investigation was perfunctory , classifying his death as a suicide .
Witnesses were allowed to leave the scene , cars were moved before being photographed and an external post - mortem was conducted at a nearby mortuary without any detailed forensic checks .
Few parents would find it easy to accept that their child has committed suicide but for Mrs Duggan , a retired teacher from north London whose Jewish family fled the Nazis in the late 1930s , the idea that her son took his life did not make sense .
" He had so many plans for the future and never showed even the slightest inkling of depression , " she told The Independent , in her mother 's home in Golders Green .
" But it 's more than just that .
The call I got from him just before he died , that was from someone who desperately wanted to live , who was trying to survive .
It was n't from someone intent on killing himself . "
Mrs Duggan , in deep doubt of the German police belief that her son's death was suicide , hired private investigators and forensic experts to look at the evidence again , eventually selling her house to pay the costs and moving in with her ageing mother .
Their reports have cast serious question marks over the official portrayal of Jerry as suicidal , suggesting instead a man who was either desperately trying to escape unknown assailants when he stumbled out on the dual carriageway , or who had been attacked before he got there .
Yesterday , armed with this new evidence , the Duggan family 's lawyers went to the High Court after the Attorney General , Baroness Scotland , took the highly unusual step of granting them permission to seek a second inquest into Jerry 's death .
The first inquest , in 2004 , rejected the German police suicide suggestion , and returned an open verdict , finding instead that he had died in a " state of terror " .
But investigators failed to look wider .
Supporters hope a fresh inquest will finally force German police to reinvestigate why a British Jew died in mysterious circumstances after spending five days with a far - right political cult led by a convicted fraudster who is known for his virulent anti-Semitic views .
Jerry had been a student at the British Institute in Paris but he had travelled to Wiesbaden to attend what he thought would be an anti-Iraq war conference .
" He was an idealistic boy who wanted to change the world , " his mother said .
" He was angry about the upcoming war and wanted to do something about it .
But he was also excited because he was beginning to learn about politics . "
The conference was organised by the Schiller Institute , an extremist political think - tank linked to a right - wing conspiracy theorist , Lyndon LaRouche .
He is an 87 - year - old convicted fraudster who has made eight unsuccessful attempts to run as an independent candidate in the US presidential elections .
Some of LaRouche 's more unusual claims include that the British monarchy and MI6 are behind the global drugs trade .
In the States , he is largely regarded as an amusing sideshow whose apocalyptic writings attract vulnerable people looking for answers .
But underlying much of his work is a deep anti-Semitism that describes the world as being controlled by a mass Zionist conspiracy of bankers , lobbyists and politicians .
The Schiller Institute , run by his German - born wife , spreads that message around Europe ; on the night Jerry died , LaRouche addressed the conference in Wiesbaden .
In Jerry 's notes on the five days he spent there , Mrs Duggan discovered that her son had become aware of the anti-Semitic agenda of many LaRouche followers and had spoken out against them .
" There were a lot of comments blaming the Jews for Iraq and he got up to say that he was Jewish and he did n't support the war , " she said .
" Whatever happened it 's clear he fell out with these people very quickly . "
La Rouche blames the CIA , MI6 and the KGB for any political or media criticism aimed in his direction .
He described the Duggan case as a hoax contrived by " admirers of [ former US Vice - President ] Dick Cheney and Tony Blair " .
Mrs Duggan 's efforts to investigate her son's death is , he says , a " smear " .
Paul Canning , a former Scotland Yard forensic officer , has studied the 79 photographs taken by German investigators of the crash site and Jerry 's body .
German police said he was hit by the Peugeot , then run over by the Volkswagen .
But Mr Canning could not find evidence of tyre marks on the body .
Nor was there any blood , flesh or hair on either car .
Mr Canning , who has investigated hundreds of road fatalities , believes this is " inconceivable " , reporting that he had never come across a high - speed collision of a car and pedestrian where no traces of blood are found .
" I do not believe the images depict how Jerry came to meet his premature death , " he added .
" It is possible that Jerry lost his life elsewhere , prior to being placed at the scene . "
Terence Merston , another former Met Police investigator who has studied the photographs , backs Mr Canning .
" Based on my years of experience in attending thousands of crime scenes as a forensic scene examiner , it is my opinion that the evidence at the scene points towards Jeremiah 's death being extremely suspicious and not a road traffic accident , " he said .
" It is also my view that the damage to the Peugeot car has been deliberately caused . "
But how did Jerry sustain the head injuries that killed him ?
A post -mortem by a British pathologist , Dr David Shove , discovered defence wounds on Jerry 's arms as well as blood in his lungs and stomach .
At the speed that witnesses say he was struck , he would have been killed instantly , but the blood in his lungs and stomach ( caused by breathing in and swallowing after a major haemorrhage ) suggest he was alive for some time , after intense trauma .
Mrs Duggan said : " What we really need is for Germany to look again at my son 's death . "
But the German authorities are reluctant to act .
A bid by German lawyers claiming police breached human rights laws by failing to investigate properly has floundered for four years in the country 's highest court , the Federal Constitutional Court .
Police in Wiesbaden have refused to reinvestigate , or reopen their files .
Now , a British inquest is the best opportunity the Duggan family has for finding out what really happened to Jerry .
" It 's been a long and difficult journey but I 'm beginning to think we may be nearing the end , " a visibly exhausted Mrs Duggan added .
" From the moment I got that call it 's been a seven - year fight for justice .
I ca n't stop now . "
The LaRouche Movement : A ' sinister ' cult
* Described in an internal Scotland Yard memo as a " political cult with sinister and dangerous connections " , the LaRouche Movement is an international party of activists who follow the writings of its American founder , Lyndon LaRouche , above .
* Now 87 years old , LaRouche began his career in politics as a fervent Marxist living in New York in the 1970s .
He then performed a political U - turn to become one of America 's most unconventional and populist far - right conspiracy theorists .
* In his writings , a mass conspiracy led by Britain , Russia , the US government and the world 's Jews is described as the major cause of global problems .
* He has run as an independent candidate in every US presidential election since 1976 – apart from in the early 1990s when he was convicted for fraud conspiracy and tax evasion .
* Because Britain , and in particular the monarchy , is regarded as the arch - imperialist enemy , the movement has made little headway in the UK .
* LaRouche activists have , however , made inroads at European universities through the Schiller Institute , a Wiesbaden - based think - tank which was founded by LaRouche 's German - born wife and regularly features his writings and speeches .
Solaris 10 , the official stable version of Sun's UNIX operating system , is no longer available to users at no cost .
Oracle has adjusted the terms of the license , which now requires users to purchase a service contract in order to use the software .
Sun 's policy was that anyone could use Solaris 10 for free without official support .
Users could get a license entitling them to perpetual commercial use by filling out a simple survey and giving their e-mail address to Sun .
Oracle is discontinuing this practice , and is repositioning the free version as a limited - duration trial .
" Your right to use Solaris acquired as a download is limited to a trial of 90 days , unless you acquire a service contract for the downloaded Software , " the new license says .
It 's important to understand that this change will not affect OpenSolaris , which is still freely available under the terms of Sun 's open source Common Development and Distribution License ( CDDL ) .
Users who do n't want to pay for service contracts will be able to use OpenSolaris instead .
That might not be particularly comforting to some users , however , because there are is some uncertainty about the future of OpenSolaris .
Although Oracle has committed to continuing OpenSolaris development , the company says that OpenSolaris might not get all of the new features that are being developed for the Solaris platform .
Oracle says that it is reevaluating some aspects of the development process and is n't entirely sure how it will proceed .
It 's not clear exactly how this will play out , but it seems that Oracle might choose not to open the source code of certain improvements in order to differentiate its commercial Solaris offerings .
If Oracle decides to move in that direction , then OpenSolaris will no longer be able to serve as a drop - in free replacement for the latest commercial version of the operating system .
OpenSolaris contributor Ben Rockwood , a Sun Community Champion , discussed the licensing change in a recent blog entry .
The licensing changes will be detrimental to smaller Solaris users , he says .
He also expresses some concerns about the future of OpenSolaris due to the lack of communication from Oracle about the current status of the overdue OpenSolaris 2010.03 release .
" There may be attractive offerings for new customers in the high - end enterprise space , but long time supporters in smaller shops are going to get royally screwed , " he wrote .
" This might be a good time to catch up on non-Sun / Oracle distros such as Nexenta , Schillix , and Belenix . "
Sun started giving away Solaris for free so that it could retain mindshare for the platform as Linux gained a broader presence .
Oracle does n't really need to do that because it has robust commercial offerings for both Linux and Solaris .
Oracle can afford for Solaris to become the niche premium offering while Linux dominates most of the rest of the market .
If dropping the free version gets some existing users to start paying for service contracts , than it 's a win for Oracle .
The downside is that the changes in licensing will exacerbate the growing rift between Oracle and the existing community of OpenSolaris enthusiasts .
Millimeter wave technology produces whole body images ( woman at left , man at right ) that reveal what 's under your clothes , including Metallic or non-metallic devices and objects are displayed , including weapons , explosives and other items that a passenger is carrying on his / her person .
The images are viewed by a Transportation Security Officer in a remote location .
According to the TSA :
To ensure privacy , the setup " has zero storage capability and images will not be printed stored or transmitted .
Once the transportation security officer has viewed the image and resolved anomalies , the image is erased from the screen permanently .
The officer is unable to print , export , store or transmit the image . "
With airport body scanners all the rage now , some may wonder if the radiation they employ — to render a body essentially naked in the interest of search for guns and explosives — packs any potential for harm .
No , according to industry groups .
" An airline passenger flying cross-country is exposed to more radiation from the flight than from screening by one of these devices , " according to a joint statement issued today by the American College of Radiology and the American Roentgen Ray Society .
The Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) has deployed two types of systems to make full - body scanner images .
Millimeter wave technology uses low - level radio waves in the millimeter wave spectrum .
Two rotating antennae cover the passenger from head to toe with low - level RF energy .
Backscatter technology uses extremely weak X - rays delivering less than 10 microRem of radiation per scan ─ the radiation equivalent one receives inside an aircraft flying for two minutes at 30,000 feet ( 9 km ) .
A body scanner image reveals the body 's natural contours , plus pretty much anything under the clothing that ought not be there .
The National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurement ( NCRP ) has reported that a traveler would need to experience 2,500 backscatter scans per year to reach what they classify as a Negligible Individual Dose .
The American College of Radiology ( ACR ) agrees with this conclusion , according to today 's statement .
" The ACR is not aware of any evidence that either of the scanning technologies that the TSA is considering would present significant biological effects for passengers screened , " the statement concludes .
“ Great is the victory , but the friendship is all the greater ” , said Emil Zatopek when asked about the Olympic Games .
The Olympics have become a magnet for all that is good within the human spirit .
We look at ten moments in the history of the games when the actions of athletes have transcended race , color or nationality to speak to the soul …
10 Koreas march under the same flag
They were divided at the 38th parallel , but reunified in Sydney .
It was probably only symbolic - perhaps even delusional , but when an event can bring two countries which are officially at war to march under the same flag , it gives the spectator an idea of the strength of the Olympic movement .
A flag with the map of undivided Korea in blue over a white background was carried by Park Jung Chon , a North Korean judo coach and Chun Un Soon , a basketball player from South Korea while the band aptly played an emotional folk song .
Same uniform , same flag , same song – it seemed for one fleeting moment in history , the two nations forgot the past and embraced the future .
9 An African delight in Barcelona
The two were as different as they come .
One , a white South African .
The other , an Ethiopian .
Derartu Tulu and Elena Meyer had just finished first and second in the 10,000 meters .
What followed was perhaps the most poignant victory lap in history .
Hand in hand , the two Africans celebrated their victory together .
For many , it heralded South Africa ’s re-entrance into the sporting arena after years of apartheid but it was the beauty of two African athletes , in their hour of glory to recognize each others performance that seemed to provide the shining light for the dark continent .
8 Pyambu Tuul runs the race
Pyambu Tuul represented Mongolia in the marathon at Barcelona in 1992 .
He came in last .
When asked why he was so slow , he replied ‘ ” No , my time was not slow , after all you could call my run a Mongolian Olympic marathon record . ”
Not satisfied , another reporter asked him whether it was the greatest day of his life .
To which came the reply which can throw anybody off their seats .
“ And as for it being the greatest day of my life , no it is n’t ” , he said , ” ” Up till six months ago I had no sight at all .
I was a totally blind person .
When I trained it was only with the aid of friends who ran with me .
But a group of doctors came to my country last year to do humanitarian medical work .
One doctor took a look at my eyes and asked me questions .
I told him I had been unable to see since childhood .
He said ‘ But I can fix your sight with a simple operation ’ .
So he did the operation on me and after 20 years I could see again .
So today was n’t the greatest day of my life .
The best day was when I got my sight back and I saw my wife and two daughters for the first time .
And they are beautiful . ”
Simple , ai n’t it ?
It ’s the races that we run within ourselves that are most important .
7 Dan Jansen ’s redemption
It seemed to be happening all over again .
A sense of deja vu had set in .
Dan Jansen , the speed skater who had promised so much , but had failed to deliver was competing in the 1000 meters finals at Lillehammer .
Surely , it was his last chance at redemption .
Four years earlier at the Calgary games , he had competed in the 500 meters speed skating event hours after hearing the news of his sister Jane ’s death .
He had failed to make much of an impact .
The jinx continued in Albertville .
Call it what you will - destiny , an act of divine providence , whatever - he skated like never before , created a world record , and took home the gold .
And if there is anything called poignancy in sport - it is this - Dan Jansen , holding his little girl and looking up to the heavens saying ‘ This is for you , Jane . ’
6 Miracle on Ice
Lake Placid , New York , 1980 .
The Soviets had invaded Afghanistan .
Carter was not sending an American Contingent to the Moscow Summer Olympics .
It was in this cauldron of spite that the American team comprising of mostly amateurs had just taken the lead against the mighty Soviets .
Ten minutes of intense hockey followed , but the Soviets could not breach the American defense .
With the clock winding down , ABC ’s Al Michael ’s immortal words ‘ Eleven seconds , you ’ve got ten seconds , the countdown ’s going on right now !
Morrow , up to Silk .
Five seconds left in the game .
Do you believe in miracles ?
YES ’ , were accompanied by jubilation on the rink as well as the stands .
Decades later , its still the video you show your kids to teach them what it is to be American .
5 John Stephen Akhwari in Mexico
Momo Walde won the marathon gold in the high altitude of Mexico city in 1968 .
One hour later , a little known Tanzanian runner , John Stephen Akhwari entered the Olympic stadium – the last man to do so .
Wounded after a fall and carrying a dislocated knee , he hobbled up to the track for for one last surge to the finish .
He then retired to a thunderous applause by a small crowd which was lucky enough to get a glimpse of this gallant champion .
It was later written of his perseverance – ‘ Today we have witnessed a young African runner who symbolizes the finest in the human spirit .
A performance that gives true dignity to sport – a performance which lifts sports out of the category of grown men playing in games . ’
But Akhwari was far more modest .
When asked why he did not quit , he replied , ’My country did not send me 5000 miles to start the race .
They sent me 5000 miles to finish the race . ’
4 Black power and a sympathetic Australian
An image which even if you saw a thousand times , spoke to your heart in so profound a manner that it embodied the spirit of the times .
The image is that of Tommie Smith and John Carlos raising a hand covered in a black glove with Peter Norman donning the Olympic Project for Human Rights badge .
It will be remembered as the most iconic image of protest at the Olympic games , but all three of them were ostracized after .
It was only years later that their act was to be recognized as a demonstration for dignity .
It ’s one of those moments when sport ceases to be just sport - it assumes the task of being a vehicle of change and progress .
3 Derek Redmond personifies the word ‘ Courage ’
A career plagued by injuries , Derek Redmond arrived at Barcelona with an eye on the gold medal .
It was n’t to be .
With 175 meters to go in his 400 meters semifinal he pulled his hamstring .
The dream had ended it seemed .
Not for Redmond though .
The succeeding events are etched in the minds of millions .
Crying he stands up again , only to try to finish on one leg .
His father watching from the sidelines joins him with words of comfort – “ We ’ll finish together ” . ’
Strength is measured in pounds .
Speed is measured in seconds .
Courage ?
You cant measure courage ’ , were the words used by the IOC to promote the Olympic movement by the act of perseverance .
But for Derek Redmond , it was the only plausible thing to do .
2 Luz Long and Jesse Owens embrace in Berlin
In full view of the Fuhrer , a nineteen year old German athlete gave Jesse Owens some advice – ‘ play it safe , make your mark several inches before the takeoff board and jump from there . ’
Owens , the grandson of a slave and the son of a sharecropper took the advice , qualified for the finals and took his tally of gold medals to four .
The first to congratulate him was Luz Long .
“ It took a lot of courage for him to befriend me in front of Hitler …
You can melt down all the medals and cups I have and they would n’t be a plating on the twenty - four carat friendship that I felt for Luz Long at that moment , ” he said , recounting his rendezvous with the blue eyed German but for all his heroics , Jesse had to take the freight elevator in the Waldorf Astoria to attend his own reception .
1 Ali lights the Olympic flame
At last he emerged from the background .
A body weathered by Parkinson ’s but the mind astute as ever .
Shivering he lit the flame .
No other sportsman in the history of sport had meant so much to so many as Muhammad Ali .
For the dignity of the man was consummate – never relinquishing ideals for money or fame , Ali was the people ’s champion – the underdog in sport and life .
“ They did n’t tell me who would light the flame , but when I saw it was you , I cried ” said Bill Clinton .
He was n’t the only one .
Two state lawmakers called on Gov. Chris Christie today to pardon a Somerset County man sentenced to five years in prison for growing marijuana to treat his multiple sclerosis and commute his sentence to probation .
Senators Raymond Lesniak ( D - Union ) and Nicholas Scutari ( D - Union ) described the prison term facing John Ray Wilson as " cruel , unusual and unnecessary " in a letter written to the governor today .
Wilson , 37 , of Franklin Township , was sentenced to five years in prison last week after he was found guilty of second - degree manufacturing and third - degree drug possession by a jury in December .
" The decision to bring drug manufacturing charges against Mr. Wilson demonstrates a clear case of absence of prosecutorial discretion , " the senators wrote in the letter .
" That is cruel , unusual and unnecessary . "
Wilson , who claims he only grew the 17 marijuana plants and psilocybin mushrooms found in his backyard to treat his multiple sclerosis , was acquitted of the most serious charge against him , first - degree operation of a drug - manufacturing facility .
Judge Robert Reed defended the proposed sentence last week in front of a Somerville courtroom filled by supporters of the New Jersey Compassionate Use Medical Marijuana Act , citing Wilson ’s criminal record and the fact that he was smoking marijuana years before he was diagnosed with MS .
The 37 - year - old became a poster child for passage of the medical marijuana act , which cleared the Senate by a vote of 25 - 13 on Jan.
11th and will allow state residents to obtain prescriptions to use the drug to treat chronic and debilitating diseases in July .
Lesniak and Scutari today said Christie should commute Wilson ’s sentence to a term of supervised probation .
" The only good coming from allowing this sentence to stand is that Mr. Wilson will now be able to get the pain - easing drugs he could not afford in freedom , but now at the taxpayers ’ expense . "
Michael Drewniak , spokesman for Gov. Christie , declined to comment on the letter from Lesniak and Scutari .
“ We appreciate their support , " said Wilson 's attorney James Wronko .
" But if Gov. Corzine did n’t grant him a pardon , I do n’t have a lot of hope that a brand new governor in the middle of a financial crisis is going to divert his attention to pardon Mr. Wilson . ”
Earlier today , the US Department of Energy announced that it was ready to guarantee $ 8.33 billion in loans for the first nuclear power plant to be constructed under its auspices in decades .
The project , a planned expansion of the Alvin W. Vogtle Electric Generating Plant in Georgia , would involve building two additional reactors that generate a total of 2.2GW of power .
The guarantees are contingent upon the Nuclear Regulatory Commission licensing a new reactor design .
The authorization for the loan guarantees dates back to the Energy Policy Act of 2005 , which was intended to encourage technologies that avoided emission of greenhouse gasses .
So far , however , the majority of the money from the program has gone to wind , solar , and energy storage companies .
This will be the first time the program is used to promote the construction of a nuclear plant .
It 's also the first time the US has constructed a nuclear plant in a while .
No new facilities have been ordered since the 1970s , and the last plant to come online was in 1996 .
In a statement released with the announcement , Energy Secretary Steven Chu said , " This is a significant step by the Obama Administration to restart our domestic nuclear industry , helping to create valuable long - term jobs and reduce our greenhouse gas emissions . "
President Obama stated , " To meet our growing energy needs and prevent the worst consequences of climate change , we need to increase our supply of nuclear power and today ’s announcement helps to move us down that path . "
He also said that it will be difficult to make the economic case for nuclear power " as long as producing carbon pollution carries no cost , " and called for comprehensive energy and climate legislation to correct that .
The decision was to go forward with what are termed conditional commitments .
Because of the long lag since the last construction projects , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission has not licensed any up - to - date designs .
The new construction will use the Westinghouse AP1000 , which incorporates many new approaches to active and passive safety , and can go longer between refuelings than existing reactor designs .
The loan guarantees wo n't go forward unless the NRC approves this specific design .
Google will be lighting fibre around the US Google is spreading its wings in yet another direction - this time as a network provider , offering super - fast broadband to thousands of US homes .
It plans to build a fibre - optic network offering speeds of up to 1 Gbps ( gigabit per second ) to up to 500,000 homes .
It said it would compete on price with other broadband providers offering much slower speeds .
Google said the trial was about promoting killer apps that would take advantage of fast speeds .
" We planning to build and test ultra high - speed broadband networks in a small number of trial locations across the United States , " the search giant said in its blog .
" We plan to offer service at a competitive price to at least 50,000 and potentially up to 500,000 people .
We 'll deliver internet speeds more than 100 times faster than what most Americans have access to today , " it continued .
Growing Google Google is controlling more aspects of the web experience Google already has a fibre network which connects its data centres , speeds up search and lowers the cost of streaming video on YouTube .
Now it plans to take this to the next stage and connect that network directly to consumers ' homes .
The network will be available for any service provider to use and Google is asking interested parties , from local government as well as members of the public , to sign up to the plan .
The offer is part of Google 's expansion into controlling all aspects of a web user 's experience .
In late 2009 Google offered a service called public DNS , which it said would speed up web browsing for users .
The domain name system is a series of databases that translate web addresses into computer readable numbers called IP addresses .
" The average Internet user ends up performing hundreds of DNS lookups each day , and some complex pages require multiple DNS lookups before they start loading , " Google wrote in a blog at the time .
" This can slow down the browsing experience . "
DNS requests are usually handled by a person 's Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
In November 2009 , the search giant also announced that it was working on a project to develop a faster version of http - which Google call SPDY - to speed up the transfer of content over the web .
At the time , the firm said its lab tests had shown that web pages loaded " up to 55 % faster " using the protocol .
Broadband expansion Just as in Britain , there 's a vigorous debate in the US about the need for faster broadband and the cost of supplying it .
Rory Cellan- Jones
Technology Correspondent
Read Rory 's thoughts in full
The US , in common with countries around the world , is grappling with the best way to roll out next generation broadband .
In the first month of his office President Obama promised to spend $ 7.2bn on new broadband infrastructure .
The pot of money is available for smaller broadband providers and municipalities .
For Drew Clark , editor of US broadband comparison website BroadbandCensus , the impact of Google 's entry into the broadband market will depend on how many homes the network serves .
" If it is 50,000 homes then that is n't a lot .
But if it is 500,000 then that is a statement to say it is in the market place competing with the likes of Verizon , " he said .
Verizon has made big investments in fibre networks , with plans to pass 18 million homes with its fibre - optic service by the end of the year .
Rival AT&T has 17 million households in its network but its fibre network does not run all the way to the home .
Google said it hopes its fibre network will act as a testbed for new applications .
Andrew Ferguson , editor of UK broadband website ThinkBroadband speculated as to what some of those killer apps could be .
" One idea would be to expand Google Streetview , so that you can play a movie of a route you wanted to take , so that when you are visiting a brand new area you will have a much better understanding of the area than is possible from simple static street view maps , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Friends this is one nice article I found in latest reader ’s digest so posting it for you .
It is not copy righted .
The Person narrating the incident is Jerome Weidman .
A well known journalist .
When I was a very young man , just beginning to make my way , I was invited to dine at the home of a distinguished New York philanthropist .
After dinner our hostess led us to an enormous drawing room .
Other guests were pouring in , and my eyes beheld two unnerving sights : servants were arranging small gilt chairs in long , neat rows ; and up front , leaning against the wall , were musical instruments .
Apparently I was in for an evening of Chamber music .
I use the phrase “ in for ” because music meant nothing to me .
I am almost tone deaf .
Only with great effort can I carry the simplest tune , and serious music was to me no more than an arrangement of noises .
So I did what I always did when trapped : I sat down and when the music started I fixed my face in what I hoped was an expression of intelligent appreciation , closed my ears from the inside and submerged myself in my own completely irrelevant thoughts .
After a while , becoming aware that the people around me were applauding , I concluded it was safe to unplug my ears .
At once I heard a gentle but surprisingly penetrating voice on my right .
“ You are fond of Bach ? ” the voice said .
I knew as much about Bach as I know about nuclear fission .
But I did know one of the most famous faces in the world , with the renowned shock of untidy white hair and the ever - present pipe between the teeth .
I was sitting next to Albert Einstein .
“ Well , ” I said uncomfortably , and hesitated .
I had been asked a casual question .
All I had to do was be I equally casual in my reply .
But I could see from the look in my neighbor ’s extraordinary eyes that their owner was not merely going through the perfunctory duties of elementary politeness .
Regardless of what value I placed on my part in the verbal exchange , to this man his part in it mattered very much .
Above all , I could feel that this was a man to whom you did not tell a lie , however small .
“ I do n’t know anything about Bach , ” I said awkwardly .
“ I ’ve never heard any of his music . ”
A look of perplexed astonishment washed across Einstein ’s mobile face .
“ You have never heard Bach ? ”
He made it sound as though I had said I ’d never taken a bath .
“ It is n’t that I do n’t want to like Bach , ” I replied hastily .
“ It ’s just that I ’m tone deaf , or almost tone deaf , and I ’ve never really heard anybody ’s music . ”
A look of concern came into the old man ’s face .
“ Please , ” he said abruptly , “ You will come with me ? ”
He stood up and took my arm .
I stood up .
As he led me across that crowded room I kept my embarrassed glance fixed on the carpet .
A rising murmur of puzzled speculation followed us out into the hall .
Einstein paid no attention to it .
Resolutely he led me upstairs .
He obviously knew the house well .
On the floor above he opened the door into a book - lined study , drew me in and shut the door .
“ Now , ” he said with a small , troubled smile .
“ You will tell me , please , how long you have felt this way about music ? ”
“ All my life , ” I said , feeling awful .
“ I wish you would go back downstairs and listen , Dr. Einstein .
The fact that I do n’t enjoy it does n’t matter . ”
He shook his head and scowled , as though I had introduced an irrelevance .
“ Tell me , please , ” he said .
“ Is there any kind of music that you do like ? ”
“ Well , ” I answered , “ I like songs that have words , and the kind of music where I can follow the tune . ”
He smiled and nodded , obviously pleased .
“ You can give me an example , perhaps ? ”
“ Well , ” I ventured , “ almost anything by Bing Crosby . ”
He nodded again , briskly .
“ Good ! ”
He went to a corner of the room , opened a phonograph and started pulling out records .
I watched him uneasily .
At last he beamed .
“ Ah ! ” he said .
He put the record on and in a moment the study was filled with the relaxed , lilting strains of Bing Crosby ’s “ When the Blue of the Night Meets the Gold of the Day . ”
Einstein beamed at me and kept time with the stem of his pipe .
After three or four phrases he stopped the phonograph .
“ Now , ” he said .
“ Will you tell me , please , what you have just heard ? ”
The simplest answer seemed to be to sing the lines .
I did just that , trying desperately to stay on tune and keep my voice from cracking .
The expression on Einstein ’s face was like the sunrise .
“ You see ! ” he cried with delight when I finished .
“ You do have an ear ! ”
I mumbled something about this being one of my favorite songs , something I had heard hundreds of times , so that it did n’t really prove anything .
“ Nonsense ! ” said Einstein .
“ It proves everything !
Do you remember your first arithmetic lesson in school ?
Suppose , at your very first contact with numbers , your teacher had ordered you to work out a problem in , say , long division or fractions .
Could you have done so ? ”
“ No , of course not . ”
“ Precisely ! ” Einstein made a triumphant wave with his pipestem .
“ It would have been impossible and you would have reacted in panic .
you would have closed your mind to long division and fractions .
As a result , because of that one small mistake by your teacher , it is possible your whole life you would be denied the beauty of long division and fractions . ”
The pipestem went up and out in another wave .
“ But on your first day no teacher would be so foolish .
He would start you with elementary things Â
¡Âªthen , when you had acquired skill with the simplest problems , he would lead you up to long division and to fractions .
So it is with music . ”
Einstein picked up the Bing Crosby record .
“ This simple , charming little song is like simple addition or subtraction .
You have mastered it .
Now we go on to something more complicated . ”
He found another record and set it going .
The golden voice of John McCormack singing “ The Trumpeter ” filled the room .
After a few lines Einstein stopped the record .
“ So ! ” he said .
“ You will sing that back to me , please ? ”
I didÂ¡Â ªwith a good deal of selfconsciousness but with , for me , a surprising degree of accuracy .
Einstein stared at me with a look on his face that I had seen only once before in my life : on the face of my father as he listened to me deliver the valedictory address at my high school graduation .
“ Excellent ! ” Einstein remarked when I finished .
“ Wonderful !
Now this ! ”
“ This ” proved to be Caruso in what was to me a completely unrecognizable fragment from “ Cavalleria Rusticana . ”
Nevertheless , I managed to reproduce an approximation of the sounds the famous tenor had made .
Einstein beamed his approval .
Caruso was followed by at least a dozen others .
I could not shake my feeling of awe over the way this great man , into whose company I had been thrown by chance , was completely preoccupied by what we were doing , as though I were his sole concern .
We came at last to recordings of music without words , which I was instructed to reproduce by humming .
When I reached for a high note , Einstein ’s mouth opened and his head went back as if to help me attain what seemed unattainable .
Evidently I came close enough , for he suddenly turned off the phonograph .
“ Now , young man , ” he said , putting his arm through mine .
“ We are ready for Bach ! ”
As we returned to our seats in the drawing room , the players were tuning up for a new selection .
Einstein smiled and gave me a reassuring pat on the knee .
“ Just allow yourself to listen , ” he whispered .
“ That is all . ”
It was n’t really all , of course .
Without the effort he had just poured out for a total stranger I would never have heard , as I did that night for the first time in my life , Bach ’s “ Sheep May Safely Graze . ”
I have heard it many times since .
I do n’t think I shall ever tire of it .
Because I never listen to it alone .
I am sitting beside a small , round man with a shock of untidy white hair , a dead pipe clamped between his teeth , and eyes that contain in their extraordinary warmth all the wonder of the world .
When the concert was finished I added my genuine applause to that of the others .
Suddenly our hostess confronted us .
“ I ’m so sorry , Dr. Einstein , ” she said with an icy glare at me , “ that you missed so much of the performance . ”
Einstein and I came hastily to our feet .
“ I am sorry , too , ” he said .
“ My young friend here and I , however , were engaged in the greatest activity of which man is capable . ”
She looked puzzled .
“ Really ? ” she said .
“ And what is that ? ”
Einstein smiled and put his arm across my shoulders .
And he uttered ten words that Â¡Â ªfor at least one person who is in his endless debtÂ
¡Âªare his epitaph :
“ Opening up yet another fragment of the frontier of beauty . ”
A mere nine years after Zoolander opened to mixed reviews and modest box - office Ben Stiller and the gang are re-upping for another adventure in male modeling .
Nikki Finke of Deadline Hollywood is reporting that actor turned writer - director Justin Theroux will direct and co-write the script for Zoolander 2 with Stiller .
The two recently collaborated on the screenplay for Tropic Thunder .
According to the article , Jonah Hill is currently in negotiations to play the villain .
Yay ?
All the same , let the Zoolander quoting commence !
Dahr Jamail
Iraq Updates
February 3 , 2010
Army Specialist and Iraq war veteran Marc Hall was incarcerated by the US Army on December 11 , 2009 , in Liberty County Jail , Georgia , for recording a song that expresses his anger over the Army ’s stop - loss policy .
Stop - loss is a policy that allows the Army to keep soldiers active beyond the end of their signed contracts .
According to the Pentagon , more than 120,000 soldiers have been affected by stop - loss since 2001 , and currently 13,000 soldiers are serving under stop - loss orders .
Hall , ( aka hip hop artist Marc Watercus ) , who is in the Army ’s 3rd Infantry Division , was placed in Liberty County Jail for the song , in which he angrily denounces the continuing policy that has barred him from exiting the military .
Military service members do not completely give up their rights to free speech , particularly not when they are doing so artistically while off duty , as was the case with Hall .
He is charged under Article 134 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice , which covers “ all disorders and neglects to the prejudice of good order and discipline ” and “ all conduct of a nature to bring discredit upon the armed forces . ”
The military is claiming that he “ communicated a threat ” with his song .
Hall mailed a copy of the song to the Pentagon after the Army unilaterally extended his contract for a second Iraq deployment .
Hall planned to leave the military at the end of his contract on February 27 , before his commander , Captain Cross at Fort Stewart , moved to have him incarcerated for the song .
The military currently intends to keep Hall in pre-trial confinement until he is court - martialed , which is expected to be several months from now .
Jim Klimanski , a civilian military lawyer , member of the National Lawyers Guild and the Military Law Task Force , who is closely following Hall ’s case , told Truthout that he feels the military is overreacting to the case , and that it is simply a matter of free speech and that the Army ’s actions violate his First Amendment right to free speech .
“ It ’s a political case , and the military should know that , ” Klimanski explained , “ I think they are overreaching and overreacting because of Maj .
Hassan ( who went on a shooting spree at Fort Hood on November 5 ) , and I can understand that to some degree , but cooler heads should prevail and they should deal with stop - loss , and maybe we ’ll get the case thrown out .
One would hope that common sense would prevail . ”
Hall is opposed to the occupation of Iraq , and had told his commander he would not deploy if ordered .
His unit deployed to Iraq without him in mid-December , but this is not why Hall is in jail , as he was jailed before his unit was sent to Iraq .
“ The military never ordered him to go [ to Iraq ] , they put him in jail before that , ” Klimanski continued , “ They ca n’t charge him with missing movement , because he could n’t go because they put him in jail .
He told them he wanted out , he would n’t go , but they did n’t put him in jail for not going . ”
[ efoods ]
In a statement on January 5 , Hall said , “ ” My first sergeant called me into his office to discuss the song ’s nature .
I explained to him that the hardcore rap song was a free expression of how people feel about the Army and its stop - loss policy .
I explained that the song was neither a physical threat nor any threat whatsoever .
I told him it was just hip - hop . ”
Hall added , “ My first sergeant said he actually liked the song and that he did not take it as a threat .
He and my commander at the time just recommended me for mental counseling and evaluation . ”
Truthout obtained a redacted copy of the Army ’s Charge Sheet against Hall , filed by Marcus Seiser , that includes five charges .
On the sheet , Hall is accused of telling someone he would “ go on a rampage , ” that “ the song makes threats of acts of violence , ” and that Hall is accused “ of planning on shooting the brigade or battalion commanders . ”
Jason Hurd , an Iraq war veteran who has been assisting Marc Hall , told Truthout that he believes the military is overreacting to Hall ’s song due to the November 5 shooting at Fort Hood .
“ It really frustrates me that they [ military ] are reacting in such an excessive way , ” Hurd , a member of Iraq Veteran ’s Against the War , told Truthout , “ When you are talking about communicating a threat , a threat has to be at something or someone .
If you listen to Marc ’s song , he ’s not saying he wants to kill someone in his chain of command , he makes broad artistic expressions of anger .
The military likes to keep a lid on things , and it ’s now very frustrating they are taking such extensive measures to save face , and they are afraid after the Ft. Hood shooting .
So as a result of Ft. Hood , they have persecuted Marc , and now he ’s incarcerated . ”
Hurd also feels the case underscores an underlying hypocrisy within the military .
“ From a military that has us , while we ’re jogging , chant in cadence about killing babies , to then come down on someone for writing an angry song , is ludicrous , ” Hurd added , “ Marc is just expressing the anger that 13,000 soldiers are feeling right now , because there are currently that many who are stop - lossed .
All he did was make his opinion heard . ”
According to Hurd , who has been speaking with Hall regularly via telephone , Hall told him that how the military has handled his case “ really got me thinking about the whole situation , and how we acted like thugs over there [ in Iraq ] .
In good conscious I could not go back over there and do it again . ”
Jeff Paterson , the founder and director of the soldier advocacy group Courage to Resist , which is assisting Hall , told Truthout , “ Marc ’s case is unique in that the military has n’t shown a propensity to go after these political speech cases for several years .
Here , since he ’s an angry man who recorded a song , they are making him a target for having expressed his anger in an artistic way .
We think this is an important case because it could set precedent for free speech rights for those in the military . ”
Klimanski , along with underscoring the importance of the case for the First Amendment , thinks the case highlights the military ’s ongoing use of stop - loss , which also contributes to how they have responded to Hall ’s song .
“ It ’s a song , and he puts it out to the public , ” Klimanski told Truthout , “ We ’re not talking about a Major Hassan who is quietly plotting violence … this is political hyperbole .
This is his rant on stop - loss .
It ’s political speech . ”
Klimanski said that by nature , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan will not end , and Hall ’s song expresses concern over the possibility of his never being discharged from the military .
“ He ’s over there saying I have no control over my life .
I could be in here forever .
We ’re not talking about a war that is going to be over next year .
We ’re talking about a war that could go on forever .
So poor old Marc Hall could possibility be in the military forever .
Once enlistment starts dropping , the Army maintains troop levels by keeping the ones they have .
If you ’re not going to go to one place , you ’re going to another , but you ’re not going to get out .
I see this as an issue of political speech .
The military may not like what they ’re hearing , but that ’s what it is .
There are people in the military saying their being in it is / was wrong , and they want out . ”
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
GIANT PARTNERS WILL REMAIN OPEN DURING THE COVID -19 PANDEMIC .
ALL OUR SERVICES HAVE CLOUD BASED INFRASTRUCTURES AND ALL EMPLOYEES ARE AVAILABLE TO SERVE CUSTOMERS AT FULL CAPACITY WHETHER OR NOT THEY ARE WORKING FROM HOME OR OFFICE .
LEARN MORE
DATA LISTS BUILT FOR MARKETING
We ’re here to provide data list marketing services that maximize
the value and performance of your marketing campaigns .
IN MARKET PROSPECTS
In market prospects indicate the products and services they are interested in .
We aggregate these prospects from over 50 active sources such as publishers , survey responders , and online purchases .
PERFECT PROSPECT
We combine in market data prospects with our master database to create a profile of your perfect customer .
20 Eye- Opening Pros and Cons Chromebook You NEED
Depending on the nature of your work … a single Chromebook can reduce your IT costs by eliminating the need for a laptop , smartphone and tablet .
They have done pretty well in the education market and their appeal is growing .
More than homes and cars , the trend to which many professionals aspire is the luxury of working remotely .
Almost all known manufacturers like Dell , Acer , HP and Lenovo offer their own interpretation of a Chromebook .
But this lightweight laptop is the portable workstation solution for you
In this article :
If you need to
Over the weekend I was playing around with a text processing script I wrote in Perl ( and then ported to Ruby ) .
This script is CPU bound and runs as a single thread .
Interestingly the Ruby version is quite a bit faster than the Perl version , and I suspect that the speed difference is due to the differences in string handling ( utf8 vs. non-utf8 ) and libraries dependencies .
So I decided that it would be interesting to add thread support to the scripts to compare how the two languages handled threading .
I used the native threading support that is provided with each language , no external support or libraries were used .
Along the way I discovered some interesting things on how Ruby and Perl handle threads .
The Perl thread scheduler is pretty basic and it is easy for a busy thread to completely crowd out other threads effectively stopping them in some cases .
So it is a good idea to have threads yield to each other ( which is expensive ) , or use sleep ( ) statements ( which turns out to be cheaper ) .
I did not check this on Ruby .
Most interesting is that Perl is able to take advantage of multiple CPUs / cores when threading while Ruby limits itself on one CPU / core .
The script I am playing around with lends itself nicely to threading so I was able to get a nice performance improvement using Perl ( more or less linearly with the number of threads I ran plus some overhead ) , while I go no performance improvement on Ruby .
It would be interesting to see how this script fares in Python , next weekend perhaps .
By now , the story about the " Lost " pilot is the stuff of Hollywood legend .
What Lostie does n't know about former ABC President Lloyd Braun 's half - baked idea about castaways on an island and his brilliant move to give J.J. Abrams a whack at writing the pilot after twice being disappointed by other writers ?
It was late January 2004 -- very late in the development cycle -- when Braun introduced Abrams to Damon Lindelof , a writer and producer on " Crossing Jordan , " to give him some help .
Abrams and Lindelof hit it off and four days later they had the 25 - page outline that was used to cast and begin production on the two - hour pilot .
Twelve weeks , a global casting search , and an estimated $ 11 million later , the " Lost " phenomenon was in the can , waiting for that ominous Sept. 22 , 2004 , premiere date .
But do you know the rest of the story ?
When was Darlton born ?
What prompted Carlton Cuse to join the series in October 2004 as an executive producer and co-show runner ?
Cuse , creator of " Nash Bridges , " had given Lindelof his first writing job on that series , but let 's let Darlton tell you the rest of it for themselves :
-- Maria Elena Fernandez ( follow me on Twitter @writerchica )
Video : Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse interviewed in the appropriately named Orchid Suite of the Halekulani Hotel in Oahu last month .
Credit : Maria Elena Fernandez
Related
" Lost " finally returns tonight ; its actors and producers chat about the final season
" Lost : " It 's a fan 's world after all
" Lost : " Terry O'Quinn talks about Locke v. Smocke
" Lost : " Yunjin Kim tries her best to explain the new season
If this were spring 100 years ago and I were a wealthy Victorian , how lush my large greenhouse would now be with tomato , lettuce , marigold , zucchini , and zinnia seedlings .
Well , perhaps not zucchini seedlings , because I 'm never all that hungry for the first fresh zucchini of the season .
But I 'm not a wealthy Victorian with thousands of square feet of greenhouse at my disposal .
Using windows , " grow lights , " and perhaps a small greenhouse , modern gardeners do not have the space for growing all the garden transplants they desire .
Today , we have to be more selective in choosing just which flowers and vegetables are worth growing as transplants .
WHAT'S NOT WORTH STARTING INDOORS
Besides zucchini , there are other transplants I do not consider worth growing because they are not favorites , or because they " show their colors " long after my hunger for the very first colors and flavors from the garden have dulled .
I love winter squash , but it is n't worth eating until fall or winter anyway .
Why rush it ?
Giant sunflowers , also .
Their sunny heads cheer up any garden , but even transplanted ones wo n't open until well into summer .
Try to limit transplants to those vegetables and flowers for which you really want to get a jump on the season .
Also , do n't sow indoors any plants that are almost impossible to transplant .
Mostly , these are root crops — carrots , parsnips , turnips , and so on — and the reason they are so hard to transplant is obvious :
Their roots want to go straight down deeply , deeper than your average seed flat , before they swell .
Any disturbance , and the plants die or yield deformed roots .
With some vegetables , individual plants yield too little to justify growing them as transplants .
Think about how few pods you harvest from just one pea plant , or one bean plant .
Remember , when you plant peas or beans out in the garden , you place the seeds only about 2 inches apart down the row .
WHAT MAY BE WORTH STARTING INDOORS
All sorts of stores — from discount to hardware to grocery stores — have broccoli , cauliflower , marigold , impatiens , and zinnia plants available when it is time to set these vegetables and flowers out in the garden .
I 'm not saying there is no difference between one variety of broccoli or marigold and the next , but is it enough to justify the space to raise your own transplants ?
If you have the space , by all means grow your own ; if not , buy them .
WHAT'S DEFINITELY WORTH STARTING INDOORS
What we are now left with is the " must grow yourself " list .
Start with lettuce :
It grows quickly and can be transplanted soon , so takes up indoor growing space for only a short while .
I have two months ' worth of lettuce transplants growing in about a square foot of space .
I sowed them indoors about a month ago , and plan to set them outside any day now .
Cucumbers and melons also are worth growing as transplants for northern gardeners , or anyone anxious for those very first cukes or melons of the season .
You do n't need to sow cucumber or melon seeds until about a month before you set out the transplants , so they take up space for only a short while .
And just a few plants are needed .
Pepper transplants need much longer to grow , almost two months , but again , a few plants yield a lot of peppers , and variety choice is important when it comes to yield and flavor .
Without fail , do grow your own tomato transplants .
Varieties typically offered for sale are good , but not necessarily the best .
Tomato transplants are easy to grow and need to spend only about a month indoors .
My favorite varieties include Sungold and Suncherry in cherry tomatoes ; Belgian Giant , Dona , Carmello , and Valencia in full - size tomatoes ; and San Marzano in cooking tomatoes .
Start seeds about six weeks before the average date of the last killing frost in your area .
-----
To read more about gardening , see the Monitor 's main gardening page and our lively gardening blog , Diggin ' It .
Both of these have new URLs , so we hope you 'll bookmark them and return .
Want to be notified when there 's something new in our gardening section ?
Sign up for our RSS feed .
Human behaviors are often explained as hard - wired evolutionary leftovers of life on the savannah or during the Stone Age .
But a study of one very modern behavior , fairness toward total strangers one will never meet again , suggests it evolved recently , and is rooted in culture rather than biology .
In a series of three behavioral tests given to 2,100 people in societies around the world , an innate sense of fairness dovetailed with participation in markets and major religions .
Generally speaking , these use social norms and informal institutions to promote fairness , which allow societies to become larger and more complex .
Biologically speaking , people in the study were n't fundamentally different from their circa -200,000 B.C. ancestors , or from each other .
What differed was their cultural DNA .
" You ca n't get the effects we 're seeing from genes , " said Joe Henrich , a University of British Columbia evolutionary psychologist and co-author of the study . "
These are things you learn as a consequence of growing up in a particular place . "
The study was published March 18 in Science .
Kindness towards strangers is a baffling human trait , given that strangers appear to have been treated with suspicion and violence for most of human history .
Some analyses of mortality in the Stone Age — those 2.5 million years of living in small groups that ended just 200,000 years ago — estimate that one in seven people died in combat .
But something changed .
Small , family - based groups came together , forming hunter - gatherer tribes .
With the advent of agriculture , tribes gave way to city - states .
After that , came nations .
Anthropologists say all this was only possible because people were willing to treat total strangers in a manner once reserved for kin .
Some researchers say that shift was rooted in a glitch in humanity 's primal circuitry , one that caused people to mistakenly treat strangers as relatives .
Others think it 's a holdover of Stone Age - style thinking – that deep in our brains we see everyone we meet as part of our tiny family , and can't imagine encountering someone who wo n't ever be seen again .
That 's not what Henrich 's team thinks .
To them , fairness between strangers at the individual level is what allows social organisms to thrive , and to out - compete more selfish societies .
From that perspective , fairness - promoting social norms and informal institutions — markets and religion — are an inevitable evolutionary step .
Fortunately for us , they make life gentler .
" Once you get cultural evolution going with any strength , you get the enforcement of these norms . "
Behaviors interlock in a way that rewards fairness and punishes its violation , Henrich said .
To study this dynamic , Henrich 's team had 2,100 people from 15 different societies — hunter - gatherers , marine foragers , pastoralists , horticulturalists and wage laborers — play three variations of a game designed to measure their innate sense of fairness .
In the first , a player is given a sum equivalent to a day 's earnings , and told to share as much or as little as they want with a second player .
Both are anonymous , so from a purely self - interested perspective , there 's no reason to share at all .
In the second variation , the second player decides beforehand which offers they would accept and which they 'd reject , but rejection means that neither player gets anything .
Self - interest dictates that the second player accept any offer , even the lowest .
In the last variation , a third player receives a sum that can either be kept or spent on punishing an unfair offer from the first player to the second .
Self - interest dictates that the third player keep their money , and spend nothing on punishment .
The trend in the responses was clear :
When people lived in larger communities , and participated more in markets and religion , they were more willing to share , and more willing to punish selfishness .
In smaller communities , lacking the social norms and informal institutions embodied by markets and religion , people have narrow concepts of fairness , " but they 're not for dealing with people outside your sphere .
There are no default norms for that .
There are norms for fairness , but not the kind that let you build a large , well - running culture , " said Henrich .
" These findings call into question the standard assumption in economics that preferences are innate and stable , " wrote Karla Hoff , a World Bank economist who was not involved in the study , in an accompanying commentary in Science .
" We can not know for certain how fairly our ancestors in foraging bands behaved , " but the findings " bring us a closer understanding , " she wrote .
Henrichs suggests that culture evolved toward fairness for hundreds of thousands of years before the advent of agriculture , which in turn fostered stable , ever - larger community structures that further accelerated the cultural evolution of fairness .
This could have biological effects , favoring the development of linguistic and cognitive abilities , but the fundamental driver was culture .
" We can't rule out the possibility that there was culture - gene interaction , but all the variation we see could be explained by plain cultural evolution , " Henrich said .
Images : 1 ) Game playing in the village of Teci , on Yasawa Island , Fiji. / Robert Boyd .
2 ) Graph showing the average offer in the Dictator Game , arranged by the degree of test subjects ' participation in markets .
/ Science .
See Also :
Citation : " Markets , Religion , Community Size , and the Evolution of Fairness and Punishment . "
By Joseph Henrich , Jean Ensminger , Richard McElreath , Abigail Barr , Clark Barrett , Alexander Bolyanatz , Juan Camilo Cardenas , Michael Gurven , Edwins Gwako , NatalieHenrich , Carolyn Lesorogol , Frank Marlowe , David Tracer , John Ziker .
Science , Vol. 327 No. 5972 , March 18 , 2010 .
" Fairness in Modern Society . "
By Karla Hoff. Science , Vol. 327 No. 5972 , March 18 , 2010 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
Even by Tea Party standards this one seems pretty low .
Report by Dave Harding at Progress Ohio .
Video shot by the Columbus Dispatch from today 's Honk and Wave in Support of Health Care at Congresswoman Mary Jo Kilroy 's district office contains a segment wherein the teabaggers mock and scorn an apparent Parkinson 's victim telling him " he 's in the wrong end of town to ask for handouts " , calling him a communist and throwing money at him to " pay for his health care " .
The segment starts at 51 seconds into the video .
Video and report from the Columbus Dispatch .
Here 's a sampling of Teabagger " logic " :
Opposition is mounting over a plan to farm 8,100 cows in " battery conditions " at Britain 's largest dairy – a complex of indoor hangars that protesters say will match the carbon emissions of 3,000 homes .
Everything from pollution worries to possible damage to Roman remains is being thrown into the fight to stop the 22 - acre development in Lincolnshire , which is set to revolutionise milk production methods .
The consortium of dairy farmers behind the idea , linking herds in Lancashire , Devon and Lincolnshire , says the unit will be a " flagship for the industry " as well as set new standards in animal welfare .
But groups led by Viva , the Vegetarians International Voice for Animals , call the proposal " an environmental disaster , condemning animals to dark sheds for most of their lives " .
Protesters have until Wednesday to submit views to North Kesteven district council , which has received a detailed application from the consortium , Nocton Dairies .
The group proposes bedding the cows on sand , continuously cleaned and recycled , and feeding them on locally grown lucerne and maize .
The firm says that when in milk the animals would be kept indoors , " free to roam in open - sided , airy , sheds " , but when dry would be allowed outside to pasture .
Nocton spent two years looking for a site before choosing Nocton Heath , five miles south of Lincoln , where the £ 40 m indoor complex would be surrounded by 21,500 acres to grow the feed and recycle manure from the cattle .
Nocton said : " The dairy has been designed to a level beyond the highest environmental and animal welfare standards ever seen in the UK .
The cow 's health is the single most important factor in this or any other dairy .
The Nocton Dairy has been designed with the health and welfare of the cow to be unparalleled in any dairy probably in the world . "
The animals ' diet would be supplemented with by - products from a sugar beet factory at Newark and an ethanol and biofuel plant planned for Immingham .
Nocton says that slurry would be fed into an anaerobic digester , producing 2MW of power for the plant and 2,000 local homes .
They also propose a visitor centre and facilities for schools .
Robert Howard , a local farmer and part of the consortium , said : " Nothing this ambitious has been attempted in western Europe – let alone this part of Lincolnshire .
It provides all of the neighbouring farms with an opportunity to work together and represents a massive investment into the local economy . "
The application promises 80 jobs and production of close to half a million pints every 24 hours .
Justin Kerswell , campaigns manager for Viva , said : " Can dairy farming in the UK sink any lower ?
This blows out of the water the supposedly bucolic , pastoral image the industry likes to portray .
He accused Nocton of moving towards " American - style zero grazing " and said that approval by North Kesteven would prove the thin end of that wedge .
" We have already imprisoned chickens , ducks and turkeys in massive concrete sheds .
Can we really be so stupid and reckless that we are forcing dairy cows to join the factory farmed millions ? "
Mathematics
This is a comprehensive collection of audio / video courses and lectures in mathematics and its applications from educational institutions such as MIT OpenCourseWare , UC Berkeley Webcasts and NPTEL Courses .
There are thousands of open lectures available online , covering various topics in mathematics and its applications : algebra , applied mathematics , calculus , complex analysis , differential equations , discrete mathematics , Fourier transform and its applications , functional analysis , geometry , history of mathematics , linear algebra , numerical analysis , probability and statistics , and more .
This contains many video lectures on mathematics including Calculus , Discrete mathematics , linear algebra , differential equations , geometry , applied mathematics , modern analysis , mathematical statistics , and mathematical modeling .
Note : Registration is required to view the videos .
The videos are in mov file format which is supported by Apple Quick Time Player .
Video IMA Video Library
This provides video lectures from IMA programs such as IMA annual program workshops , IMA summer programs , IMA seminars and public lectures .
The lectures contained are mainly about the applications of mathematics to scientific and technological problems from other disciplines and industry : complex fluids and complex flows , mathematics and chemistry , mathematics of molecular and cell biology , mathematical modeling in medicine , sports , and the environment , multi-manifold data modeling and applications , scientific challenges in solar energy and storge , and many more .
This contains video recordings of lectures and seminars related to mathematics such as applied mathematics , geometry , and topology .
This contains many video lectures on mathematics , especially lectures related to computer science and discrete mathematics .
Video Geometric Anatomy of Theoretical Physics
This contains lots of video recordings of lectures and seminars held at the institute , about mathematics and the mathematical sciences with applications over a wide range of science and technology : Stochastic Processes in Communication Sciences , Stochastic Partial Differential Equations , Dynamics of Discs and Planets , Non-Abelian Fundamental Groups in Arithmetic Geometry , Discrete Integrable Systems , Algebraic Lie Theory , Statistical Theory and Methods for Complex , High Dimensional Data , and more .
PAGE NOT FOUND
Oops !
Looks like the page you 're looking for was moved or never existed .
Make sure you typed the correct URL or followed a valid link .
Well these texts from Tiger Woods to porn star Joslyn James are predictably gross : " After i cum you better start sucking my cock to get it hard " etc .
See the full transcript after the jump .
Tiger : Sent : 05:46 PM
07/30/2009 :
Heading back from the course now .
Tiger : Sent : 05:52 PM
07/30/2009 :
How close are you
Tiger : Sent : 06:01 PM
07/30/2009 :
I will leave an envelope at the front desk under ms daniels .
Your room will be 305 .
Get settled and let me know when you are ready to see me .
I will be i
Tiger : Sent : 06:01 PM
07/30/2009 :
n room 201 .
You can come down the stair well next to your room .
Make sure absolutely no one sees you
Tiger : Sent : 06:17 PM
07/30/2009 :
Just so you know i have to get up at 415 tomorrow .
Tiger : Sent : 07:30 PM
07/30/2009 :
Just let me know when you are headed down
Tiger : Sent : 09:46 PM
07/30/2009 :
What time is car picking you up tomorrow
Tiger : Sent : 01:14 AM
07/31/2009 :
Yes
Tiger : Sent : 01:27 AM
07/31/2009 :
Did you get lost .
Door is open
Tiger : Sent : 02:16 PM
07/31/2009 :
What time do you leave .
Im trying to leave .
Im trying to get back
Tiger : Sent : 03:57 PM
07/31/2009 :
Will back in 5 .
Let me take a shower and i will text you after
Tiger : Sent : 04:18 PM
07/31/2009 :
Oh i know .
Not at all .
Just glad and suprised i can do that to you Im all clean .
Come on down : )
Tiger : Sent : 04:22 PM
07/31/2009 :
Hurry : )
Tiger : Sent : 05:08 PM
07/31/2009 :
I 'm glad you came out
Tiger : Sent : 06:36 PM
07/31/2009 :
Awesome baby .
Be Safe
Tiger : Sent : 03:13 AM
08/01/2009 :
Thank you sexy
Tiger : Sent : 06:34 AM
08/06/2009 :
In ohio playing
Tiger : Sent : 05:54 AM
08/09/2009 :
I told you im playing these two weeks
Tiger : Sent : 06:50 PM
08/09/2009 :
In about a month
Tiger : Sent : 06:51 PM
08/09/2009 :
Maybe sooner .
Ca n't talk now .
Will text when i can
Tiger : Sent : 01:53 PM
08/13/2009 :
Me to
Tiger : Sent : 10:27 AM
08/20/2009 :
I hope not .
So you have been with others huh since
Tiger : Sent : 10:35 AM
08/23/2009 :
I hope so
Tiger : Sent : 10:45 PM
08/23/2009 :
Not a bad thing thinking about me
Tiger : Sent : 11:00 PM
08/23/2009 :
I totally agree
Tiger : Sent : 11:03 PM
08/23/2009 :
In conn
Tiger : Sent : 11:07 PM
03/23/2009 :
Ditto
Tiger : Sent : 11 : 08 PM
08/23/2009 :
I like when you do that to me
Tiger : Sent : 11:11 PM
08/23/2009 :
Ditto sexy
Tiger : Sent : 04:06 PM
08/28/2009 :
I want to be deep inside you
Tiger : Sent : 04:10 PM
08/28/2009 :
Maybe in two weeks in chicago
Tiger : Sent : 03:19 PM
08/29/2009 :
I need that so bad
Tiger : Sent : 03;29 PM
08/29/2009 :
Now : )
Tiger : Sent : 03:30 PM
08/29/2009 :
Me to .
I would wear you out
Tiger : Sent : 03:32 PM
08/29/2009 :
I have no idea .
I would love to have the ability to make you sore
Tiger : Sent : 03:35 PM
08/29/2009 :
In a week .
I will try to wear you out
Tiger : Sent : 03:36 PM
08/29/2009 :
After i cum you better start sucking my cock to get it hard
Tiger : Sent : 03:37 PM
08/29/2009 :
Do you ever hook up with other guys or girls
Tiger : Sent : 03:41 PM
08/29/2009 :
You didnt answer the question
Tiger : Sent : 03:43 PM
08/29/2009 :
Ok .
I would like to have a threesome with you and another girl you trust
Tiger : Sent : 03:48 PM
08/29/2009 :
Does that excite you at all or no
Tiger : Sent : 03:52 PM
08/29/2009 :
God girl .
You better want to take care of me
Tiger : Sent : 03:56 PM
08/29/2009 :
You do .
Need more of it
Tiger : Sent : 03:59 PM
08/29/2009 :
of you
Tiger : Sent : 04"02 PM
08/29/2009 :
I want to treat you rough .
Throw you around , spank and slap you
Tiger : Sent : 04:06 PM
08/29/2009 :
Slap your face .
Treat you like a dirty little whore .
Put my cock in your ass and then shove it down your throat
Tiger : Sent : 04:07 PM
08/29/2009 :
You are my fucking whore
Tiger : Sent : 04:08 PM
08/29/2009 :
Hold you down while i choke you and Fuck that ass that i own
Tiger : Sent : 04:10 PM
08/29/2009 :
Then im going to tell you to shut the Fuck up while i slap your face and pull your hair for making noise
Tiger : Sent : 04:21 PM
08/29/2009 :
Where do you want to be bitten
Tiger : Sent : 04:24 PM
08/29/2009 :
Ok .
Now your talking .
Whatever i want .
You are mine
Tiger : Sent : 04:39 PM
08/29/2009 :
Whatever else turns you on
Tiger : Sent : 04:43 PM
08/29/2009 :
You tell me what you like
Tiger : Sent : 04:48 PM
08/29/2009 :
You are .
Always will be .
Do n't trust people
Tiger : Sent : 04:48 PM
08/29/2009 :
But you still have not told me what turns you on
Tiger : Sent : 04:53 PM
08/29/2009 :
I know you have tried every positing imaginable but what turns you on besides a dp
Tiger : Sent : 5:00 PM
08/29/2009 :
I really do want to be rough with you .
Slap you around
Tiger : Sent : 05:12 PM
08/29/2009 :
For years .
And punish you for not seeing me more
Tiger : Sent : 05:15 PM
08/29/2009 :
I want you to beg for my cock .
Kiss you all over to convince me to let you have it in your mouth
Tiger : Sent : 05:18 PM
08/29/2009 :
We will see how bad you want me
Tiger : Sent : 05:26 PM
08/29/2009 :
Next time i see you , you better beg and if you do n't do it right i will slap , spank , bite and fuck you till mercy
Tiger : Sent : 09:20 AM
09/03/2009 :
Was playing sexy
Tiger : Sent : 04:17 AM
09/04/2009 :
Maybe you can fly out to chicage on monday night and leave early wed
Tiger : Sent : 04:23 AM
09/04/2009 :
I land at 930 or 10 monday night
Tiger : Sent : 11:57 AM
09/04/2009 :
Great .
What time so you land
Tiger : Sent : 12:06 PM
09/04/2009 :
I land at the earliest at 8 and the latest will be 10
Tiger : Sent : 12:08 PM
09/04/2009 :
Midway
Tiger : Sent : 01:42 AM
09/07/2009 :
I cant wait to see you as well .
What time do you land again
Tiger : Sent : 03:15 AM
09/07/2009 :
You are going to be headed to the hyatt lodge .
2815 jorie blvd oak brook , il 60523 .
Phone 630 990 5800
Tiger : Sent : 11:38 AM
09/07/2009 :
Did you get my text with all the info
Tiger : Sent : 11:41 AM
09/07/2009 :
I will text you the room number when i get there .
Im still in boston
Tiger : Sent : 11:43 AM
09/07/2009 :
I have to check in to get the room
Tiger : Sent : 11:44 AM
09/07/2009 :
I should get there before you anyways
Tiger : Sent : 12:27 PM
09/07/2009 :
In about 3 hours
Tiger : Sent : 12:30 PM
09/07/2009 :
I will be there before you for sure
Tiger : Sent : 12:35 PM
09/07/2009 :
You just make sure you take care of me when you get here
Tiger : Sent : 06:28 PM
09/07/2009 :
Great
Tiger : Sent : 06:30 PM
09/07/2009 :
Let me know when your about 20 out i will order dinner .
And what would you like to eat
Tiger : Sent : 06:33 PM
09/07/2009 :
I am pretty tired after today .
I am going to go to sleep early
Tiger : Sent : 06:53 PM
09/07/2009 :
How close are you
Tiger : Sent : 07:09 PM
09/07/2009 :
What do you want to eat
Tiger : Sent : 07:10 PM
09/07/2009 :
Anything simple
Tiger : Sent : 07:12 PM
09/07/2009 :
No turkey unless it 's a club sandwich
Tiger : Sent : 07:32 PM
09/07/2009 :
How close
Tiger : Sent : 07:38 PM
09/07/2009 :
Head to the elevators and go to 334 .
Thats your room .
The door will be open with the dead bolt .
I have to get back here to wait for the food .
Im in room 358 .
Tiger : Sent : 07:42 PM
09/07/2009 :
Let me know when you are in the room .
Food just got here
Tiger : Sent : 07:47 PM
09/07/2009 :
Sweet .
Dont come down here yet .
Lots of people in the hall .
I will let you know when it clears
Tiger : Sent : 08:16 PM
09/07/2009 :
Are you close to being ready
Tiger : Sent ; 08:32 PM
09/07/2009 :
Come on down .
Its quiet here in the hall now
Tiger : Sent : 08:35 PM
09/07/2009 :
There is a room service cart in my hall .
Be careful
Tiger : Sent : 08:35 PM
09/07/2009 :
Room358
Tiger : Sent : 09:59 PM
09/07/2009 :
Make it ok
Tiger : Sent : 10:01 PM
09/07/2009 :
Ok .
Lights out .
Good night sexy
Tiger : Sent : 08:49 AM
09/08/2009 :
Hope you slept as good as i did .
I just woke up which is un heard of
Tiger : Sent : 10:23 AM
09/08/2009 :
So when can i have that ass again
Tiger : Sent : 12:40 PM
09/08/2009 :
I will be back in a couple hours
Tiger : Sent : 12:42 PM
09/08/2009 :
I have to leave for an appearance at 430 but i will be back at 730 for dinner and lots of dessert with you .
How about a quickie before i go : )
Tiger : Sent : 01:28 PM
09/08/2009 :
Have you ever had a golden shower done to you
Tiger : Sent : 01:29 PM
09/08/2009 :
Just morbid curiosity
Tiger : Sent : 01:30 PM
09/08/2009 :
Really .
You .
You have done just about everything havent you
Tiger : Sent : 01:32 PM
09/08/2009 :
Never done it .
I think i would get stage freight
Tiger : Sent : 02:28 PM
09/08/2009 :
Maybe
Tiger : Sent : 03:38 PM
09/08/2009 :
I will be over in 10mins
Tiger : Sent : 03:40 PM
09/08/2009 :
Why dont you come over here now instead
Tiger : Sent : 03:41 PM
09/08/2009 :
Enter thru room 360 .
Its next door
Tiger : Sent : 03:42 PM
09/08/2009 :
Hurry so i come in that ass
Tiger : Sent : 03:54 PM
09/08/2009 :
Let me know when you leave your room
Tiger : Sent : 07:32 PM
09/08/2009 :
You felt amazing to baby .
How much was your flight by the way
Tiger : Sent : 07:35 PM
09/08/2009 :
Having a few issues at home .
Might be a little later before i see you tonight
Tiger : Sent : 07:39 PM
09/08/2009 :
Parent hood melt down : )
Tiger : Sent : 08:01 PM
09/08/2009 :
How much was your flight
Tiger : Sent : 05:03 AM
09/09/2009 :
Shit i fell back to sleep .
just woke up .
I have to leave in about 15 mins .
I tee off at 700
Tiger : Sent : 07:43 PM
09/09/2009 :
Great thing is we have a life time of this
Tiger : Sent : 05:44 AM
10/01/2009 :
I know that .
Thats why i wont do that .
Tiger : Sent : 06:02 PM
10/01/2009 :
Baby im not going anywhere or doing anything .
You please me like no other has or ever will .
I 'm not losing that .
You have to understand people love to tal
Tiger : Sent : 06:02 PM
10/01/2009 :
k about me .
sometimes its good and sometimes its bad .
I have learned to just roll with it no matter how much it upsets me when its not true .
My life is a
Tiger : Sent : 06:02 PM
10/01/2009 :
fish bowl
Tiger : Sent : 10:40 AM
10/04/2009 :
Guys from dubai .
Investors .
So my agent being suggested that we go back to my room at the mansion for lunch .
He doesnt know about us , obviously
Tiger : Sent : 11:31 AM
10/04/2009 :
This has been a total shit trip .
Im sorry i fucked up last night .
And this shit .
We will get it right next time so we can spend more time together .
Tiger : Sent : 12:06 PM
10/04/2009 :
Oh my god .
If they were with me .
You would have ruined everything
Tiger : Sent : 12:07 PM
10/04/2009 :
I told you .
Oh my god .
I cant believe what just happened
Tiger : Sent : 12:08 PM
10/04/2009 :
Do n't Fucking talk to me .
You almost just ruined my whole life .
If my agent and these guys would have seen you there , Fuck
BERLIN 
As Europe edges toward emergency guarantees to stem market panic over one of the most profligate members of the euro bloc , the country that the region turns to for leadership , Germany , is suffering from growing doubts about the European experiment it long championed .
Reluctant German leaders now find themselves forced to help Greece remain solvent , or risk watching markets attack one weak member after the next , from Portugal to Spain to Italy , threatening the stability of the euro , the European currency Germany fought so hard to create .
On Thursday , European leaders meeting in Belgium announced they had agreed to a political statement to try to reassure bond markets and head off the crisis , and said that finance ministers would work through the details next week .
Earlier , in a conference call with the finance ministers from the 16 countries that use the euro and the president of the European Central Bank , Jean - Claude Trichet , officials said that some action had to be taken to calm markets and take pressure off Greece .
It appeared clear that Germany , with an assist from France , would have to take the lead .
“ The Germans are the only ones with deep pockets , ” said Daniel Gros , director of the Center for European Policy Studies in Brussels .
“ If it was just Greece , they could consider letting them go down the drain , but it threatens the entire euro zone . ”
Dear Cecil :
Are electric trains and other forms of mass transit an energy loser compared to driving a car ?
What with energy transmission costs and poor ridership ( especially in California ) , we supposedly waste energy on subways and buses .
I know it 's not going to be a popular concept , and it may be best to ignore it , and hopefully encourage more utilization of mass transit rather than discourage it .
Dano
Cecil replies :
Not following you , Dano .
You ’re saying we should encourage transit use even if it wastes energy because transit is inherently cool ?
This is a questionable policymaking aim .
However , confusing claims on this subject are widespread .
Consider the following :
“ Current public transportation usage reduces U.S. gasoline consumption by 1.4 billion gallons each year .
. . .
Total national fuel savings from public transportation would double to 2.8 billion gallons per year or more if improved coordination between land use plans and public transportation could replace even more car travel . ” — “ Public Transportation and Petroleum Savings in the U.S. , ” report prepared for the American Public Transportation Association , 2007
“ Even if we could get more people to ride transit , transit uses as much energy , and emits nearly as much greenhouse gases , as cars ; and the trends suggest that cars will be more environmentally friendly than any transit system in the country by 2025 . ” — Randal O’Toole , senior fellow , Cato Institute
Appears we ’ve got a diversity of opinion .
Time for the Straight Dope to step in .
Let ’s compare the average energy efficiency of different methods of transportation , expressed in British thermal units ( BTUs ) per passenger mile .
These numbers were compiled or computed from government sources by my assistant Una , a professional engineer :
Motorcycle — 2,200 with single rider .
Heavy rail ( includes subway and commuter rail but excludes light rail / streetcar ) — 2,600 .
Commercial aircraft — 3,100 .
Bus — 4,300 .
Auto — 5,500 with single occupant , 3,500 with average passenger load .
A few observations :
1. Energy - efficiency - wise , motorcycles rule .
However , I ’m not seeing them as a practical commuting option for the average cube - farm denizen .
2 . Trains are efficient , but not that efficient .
If you ’ve ever been packed into a subway car at rush hour , you might think it ’d beat auto efficiency by 10 to 1 .
Uh-uh — rail travel is a modest 30 percent more efficient than autos on average .
3 . If the proposed 35 MPG fuel efficiency standard becomes reality , auto energy consumption with an average load will drop to an impressively low 2,300 BTUs per passenger mile .
On the other hand , increasing ridership due to rising gas prices will make transit more efficient too — New York MTA rail is already down to 2,000 BTUs .
No disrespect to the Randal O’Tooles of the world , but let ’s not speculate about what might happen down the road .
Better to stick with what we know now .
4 . Buses are more efficient than a passengerless car , but that ’s about it .
Lest you think the number is skewed by lightly traveled suburban transit systems , Chicago CTA buses ( one million riders per workday ) consume 4,300 BTUs per passenger mile , same as the national average .
On the face of it , then , transit currently offers no energy advantage over cars except in the handful of cities with heavy rail — and not all of those .
( Chicago ’s an outlier . )
Estimates of auto efficiency vary depending on how many passengers you assume they ’re carrying , so I wo n’t say transit is an energy loser .
Instead I ’ll agree with O’Toole : from an energy perspective , transit vs. cars is pretty much a wash .
So what ’s the basis for the claim in the 2007 APTA study that transit use saves gasoline ?
The key word is gasoline — or more broadly , petroleum .
Rail transit commonly runs on electricity ; relatively little electricity is generated using oil .
If all passengers in electric transit vehicles had to ride in cars , we ’d use a lot more gasoline .
No claim is made about energy use overall .
Is this a silly distinction ?
No , and it ’s here we get to the heart of the matter .
The real issue is n’t energy efficiency or foreign oil dependence .
The fundamental problem is that petroleum is sure to be scarcer in coming decades and alternative energy sources will have to be developed .
Many of the obvious ones ( wind , solar , nuclear ) are best suited to producing electricity .
Transit electrification is well understood .
Electric cars , not so much .
Will we all be scooting around town in high - tech golf carts in 20 years ?
Maybe .
But do n’t count on cruising at 80 miles per hour in your battery - powered SUV .
My point is , big changes are in the offing , and we have to make bets now about what kind of lifestyles the energy mix of the future is going to support .
The pro-transit argument boils down to this : transit promotes densely built - up cities , which we know will work from a transportation standpoint .
( If all else fails , you can just walk or ride your bike . )
Car buffs say , come on , most people prefer spread - out suburban living — we ’ll figure something out that ’ll let us keep doing it .
I would n’t be so sure , but I ’m not that worried about it .
My inner Ayn Rand figures the market will decide .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
With all due respect to Glenn Greenwald : THIS is what the Democratic Party does .
It 's who they are :
1930s : - the Works Progress Administration , Social Security
1960s : - Medicare , Civil Rights Act , Voting Rights Act , War on Poverty , First African - American Supreme Court justice
1970s : - Clean Air Act , Clean Water Act , CAFE ( minimum fuel efficiency ) standards for autos , Department of Education , Camp David accords between Egypt and Israel
1990s : - Childrens Health Insurance Program , Restoration of democracy in Haiti , Dayton accords ending war in Yugoslavia
2009 : - Lily Ledbetter
Act ( equal pay for women ) , restoration of embryonic stem cell research , abolition of torture by US government , Economic Recovery and Reinvestment Act , creating between 1 and 2 million jobs ( according to CBO ) , first Latino Supreme Court justice
2010 : - Begun process to end Don't Ask Don't Tell , Comprehensive Health Care Reform ?????????????
Frankly , I have had it with the endless attacks on Dems from the left .
Yes , they can be weak and spineless .
Yes , they too often speak like wonks without stating the moral imperatives of their positions ( such as HCR ) .
Yes , they can be too quick to compromise and too timid to move .
So we need to push , prod , and help them - beginning TOMORROW ( Feb. 24 ) with calls to insist on health care reform now .
But let 's not abandon them .
Look at the good that 's been done .
Imagine the good still to be done .
And imagine a return to power of an ever more right - wing Republican party .
Berners , Juliana , b. 1388 ?
Date : 2002 -11
Description :
15 p. Transcribed from :
The Booke of haukynge , huntyng and fysshyng , with all necessary properties and medicines that are to be kept , Tottel , 1561 [ STC 3312 ] , with an omission of matter restored [ [ within double brackets ] ] from the edition of Wynken de Worde , 1496 .
Typographical errors have been emended within brackets .
Printer 's contractions for words containing " m " or " n " have been expanded within brackets .
The Army has informed Congress that it is terminating a robotic vehicle and an unmanned aircraft program that were once part of the Army ’s largest modernization effort .
The move , which comes as the Pentagon prepares its 2011 budget request , highlights the Army ’s need to pour money into technologies that military planners see as much more necessary to support soldiers deployed to Afghanistan and Iraq .
ADVERTISEMENT
The cancellation of the unmanned ground and air vehicle programs eviscerates what once was known as the Army ’s Future Combat Systems .
The once - ambitious $ 160 billion FCS was envisioned as a series of combat vehicles and unmanned systems linked through a software network , but has been whittled down to a few sensors and small unmanned systems .
The software network is still in development , but congressional sources question its future in light of all the recent cancellations .
The termination decision comes after Pentagon officials tasked the Army with devising a modernization strategy composed of separate programs .
The remaining technology development efforts from the FCS era are now referred to as Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization .
The unmanned ground vehicle that was partially terminated is known as MULE , for Multifunction Utility / Logistics and Equipment Countermine and Transport , while the terminated unmanned aerial vehicle is called Fire Scout or Class IV .
The MULE program includes three different kinds of vehicles with different capabilities : the countermine , transport and light - assault .
The Army only terminated the countermine and transport variants .
Lockheed Martin has been developing the MULE , while Northrop Grumman is the contractor for Fire Scout .
Northrop Grumman is also building the vertical takeoff and landing unmanned aerial vehicle for the Navy .
Boeing and SAIC were the lead contractors for the now - defunct FCS but have transitioned to the role of prime contractors for the Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization program .
Boeing and SAIC have a number of subcontractors for the various technologies being developed under the program .
The MULE and Class IV terminations are at subcontract level .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced last April his decision to kill the manned ground vehicle portion of FCS .
Gates expressed concerns that the Army had not adequately incorporated in the vehicles ’ design lessons learned from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Following Gates ’s announcement , Pentagon acquisitions chief Ashton Carter formally ended the FCS program in June and directed the Army to modernize its technology as part of separate programs .
In its termination letters to lawmakers , the Army said that the two MULE variants eliminated " did not meet rapidly changing threats , nor meet the Army ’s future mission needs . "
Instead , the Army will continue the development of the Armed Robotic Vehicle Assault ( Light ) , which will also incorporate the technologies derived from the two other MULE systems .
Regarding the Class IV unmanned aerial system , the Army told lawmakers that an existing program , the Shadow UAV , can meet the Army needs with some technology improvements , instead of investing in the Fire Scout .
" All of these restricting steps are being taken to ensure that the Army does not lose time in providing the best possible advantages to its soldiers while remaining ever fiscally responsible to the American citizen , " the Army said in the termination letters to Congress .
Boeing confirmed that it received the terminations of the contracts as well .
" These platforms are currently in System Development and Demonstration as part of the Brigade Combat Team Modernization ( BCTM ) program .
We will now begin notifying those partners and suppliers impacted by the order and initiate the termination proposal process with the Army , " Matthew Billingsley , a Boeing spokesman , said in a statement .
This story was updated at 10:48 a.m. on Jan. 13 . and 5:28 p.m. on Jan. 14 .
The Western Neo-Colonial Discrimination against Non-Western Laws
By Peter Baofu , Ph.D .
The Western Neo-Colonial Discrimination against Non-Western Laws
Recent events like Google ’s complaint about censorship in China , a British woman ’s being prosecuted for having illicit sex in Dubai , and a British man ’s being convicted of drug smuggling in China had received swift criticisms against the host countries from both governments and mass media in the West .
Yet , what many Western governments and mass media do not want to tell the world is something more troubling , that is , the widespread Western neo-colonial discrimination against non-Western laws -- while they strictly expect , as a matter of right , the respect by non-Western nationals and organizations towards Western laws when these non-Western nationals and organizations are in the West .
This widespread Western neo-colonial discrimination has its inhumane consequence for the world .
Let me explain this troubling phenomenon below , with the three examples ( as cited above ) for illustration .
Firstly , in the first example concerning Google ’s threat to leave China unless the Chinese government lifts its censorship ( like “ filtering ” search results ) and stops its alleged “ cyber attacks ” -- the mainstream coverage ( of this controversy ) in Western mass media is more fact - twisting than fact - reporting .
Google is not as innocent as its complaint may sound .
Many people do not know that Google has been collaborating for years with “ the CIA , the FBI , the National Security Agency , and other intelligence agencies ” for global spying , as reported by Steve Watson back in March of 2008 .
As explained by Watson , “ Google 's partnership with the intelligence network is not new … .
An ex-CIA agent Robert David Steele …elaborated on previous revelations … that the CIA helped bankroll Google at its very inception .
Steele named Google 's CIA point man as Dr. Rick Steinheiser , of the Office of Research and Development . ”
Steele thus explained : “ Google took money from the CIA when it was poor and it was starting up and unfortunately our system right now floods money into spying and other illegal and largely unethical activities , and it does n't fund what I call the open source world … .
They 've been together for quite a while . ” More specifically , for Watson , “ Google is supplying the software , hardware and tech support to US intelligence agencies who are in the process of creating a vast closed source database for global spy networks to share information . ”
By 2007 , according to Watson , “ new programs of internet monitoring ” were created “ by a freshly created department branch of Homeland Security [ DHS ] called the National Applications Office ” -- and these programs “ allow … the DHS to regulate and control access to the internet in the name of ‘ protecting ’ national security … .
[ And ] the NSA has increasing control over SSL , now called Transport Layer Security , the cryptographic protocol that provides secure communications on the internet for web browsing , e-mail , instant messaging , and other data transfers .
In other words the agency is capable of intercepting and reading … emails and instant messages in real time . ”
In 2007 , as Watson continued , “ US National Intelligence Director Mike McConnell is drawing up plans for cyberspace spying that would make the current debate on warrantless wiretaps look like a ' walk in the park . '
The plan would mean giving the government the authority to examine the content of any e-mail , file transfer or Web search ” for global spying .
The Chinese side seems to be well aware of this dubious side of Google and other related companies doing business in China .
For instance , on January 27 , 2010 , He Jiazheng , the President of People 's Daily Online , revealed , in an article concerning Google , that “ the United States … is shifting its strategic focus from the military to the Internet .
It is against this backdrop that Google becomes a tool of the country 's Internet hegemony .
What makes a multinational company as big as Google intervene in the security and social policies of another sovereign state ?
Obviously , the case is not as simple as corporate decision - making of a business , but an act driven by other hidden factors . ”
In other words , not only “ Google has filtered a lot of online posts on the ground that they are of … anti- American rhetoric ” but also it has worked together with the U.S. intelligence network for years .
Another recent article in People ’s Daily ( on January 23 , 2010 ) revealed that the U.S. call for “ Internet freedom ” is part of its clandestine efforts “ to infiltrate China , ” with the help of Google and other companies ( like “ Twitter ” and “ YouTube , ” as cited in the article ) .
In 2002 , “ a CIA Internet spying plot was disclosed by the British media , saying the CIA sought to collect information by breaking into giant companies , banks and governmental organs and organizations across the world .
Under the cover of a high - tech civil company , the CIA took cooperated with a software development company in the Silicon Valley to design software ' bugs ' to collect information via the Internet .
The spying software binding with normal software would install automatically once a netizen started to use the normal software , ” as pointed out in the same article .
In addition , “ according to a Hong Kong media agency , the CIA invests tens of millions of US dollars every year to aid ' Chinese net traitors ' to infiltrate Chinese net users with US ideology .
They haunt major Chinese forums and portals .
A website called ' Wazhe Online ' ( Chinese Pinyin ) is a secret mission with the cooperation of US government institutions and overseas ' Tibetan splittist organizations ' with the tasks of agitating , deluding , infiltrating and instigating Chinese net users , making up rumors to initiate riots and collecting information via the Internet .
A Tibetan youth who once worked with one organization said it is an online spy agency which is supported by the US financially , controlled by the Americans and serves the Americans .
A commentary on Hong Kong - based Ta Kung Pao said those who publish stories sensitive to China 's policies on the net have complex backgrounds and are hired by US and Japanese spy agencies , ” as pointed out in the same article .
Therefore , reality is not what Google and the mainstream Western mass media would like us to believe .
Secondly , in regard to the second example concerning a British woman ’s being prosecuted for having illicit sex in Dubai ” -- the mainstream coverage ( of this controversy ) in Western mass media continues its spinning against non-Western laws .
For instance , the Economist in the U.K. published an article on January 14 , 2010 which condemned the arrest of a “ 23 - year - old British woman ” ( whose name was not released because of privacy ) and who “ was barred from leaving the country while awaiting trial , ” because “ on New Year ’s Day she told police she had been raped the previous evening by a waiter at a five - star hotel , ” and “ the police arrested her after she revealed during questioning that she had drunk alcohol and had sex with her fiancé , with whom she was on holiday . ”
It is well known that “ under sharia law , sex out of wedlock and the drinking of alcohol are illegal ” in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) , as the Economist acknowledged but condemned it anyway .
In other words , so the hidden excuse goes , it is not right for a Westerner to get punished for drinking alcohol and have sex out of wedlock in an Islamic country like UAE ; Western values are to be respected too , so the excuse goes , because these Westerners are not Arab Muslims and should be treated differently .
Yet , when Muslims from the Middle East travel to Western countries , they are expected to obey Western laws and cannot excuse themselves by being non-Westerners , or by borrowing the same excuse that non-Western values are to be respected too , because these non-Westerners are not Westerners in the West and should be treated differently .
On the contrary , unfortunately , non-Western nationals often suffer widespread discrimination in Western societies .
For instance , in France , it is not legal for Muslim women ( regardless of whether they are originally from France or from Muslim countries ) to wear their scarfs , especially in public places like schools , hospitals , and public transports .
But why should the West not respect the non-Western values of those non-Westerners in the West -- while Western nationals expect non-Westerners in the Non-West to respect their Western values when the former ( these Westerners ) are in these non-Western countries ?
And thirdly , in regard to the third ( and the last ) example concerning a British man , Akmal Shaikh , who was convicted of drug smuggling in China and received the death penalty under the Chinese law -- the British Prime Minister Gordon Brown immediately condemned it , as he thus said : “ I condemn the execution of Akmal Shaikh in the strongest terms , and am appalled and disappointed that our persistent requests for clemency have not been granted . ”
And the family of Akmal Shaikh offered the excuse that he was suffering from mental illness and should be given clemency .
But what the mainstream Western mass media did not report much is the other side of the story , in three important aspects which are vital to the case .
The first important aspect is that there was no documentation to even prove that Mr. Shaikh was mentally ill .
For instance , the Supreme People ’s Court could not receive any documentation from the British side to prove that Mr. Shaikh was mentally ill , as briefly acknowledged in a news update by BBC on December 29 , 2009 .
The second important aspect is that Mr. Shaikh “ was carrying eighty times the minimum amount of heroin which carries the death penalty , …enough heroin to kill over 26,000 people , ” as Timothy Bancroft - Hinchey pointed out in his article ( on Dec. 29 , 2009 ) .
And the third important aspect is that the Chinese legal system had already given Mr. Shaikh the longest due process for an exhaustive examination of the case possible under the law ( which had lasted for more than 2 years ) .
For instance , as Bancroft - Hinchey thus explained , “ the People 's Republic of China has its laws , and due legal process was followed from his detention on September 12 , 2007 , through the two appeals processes and right up to the review of the case in the People 's Supreme Court in December 2009 .
The rights of Mr. Shaikh were followed to the letter , throughout .
And that is the prerogative of the PR China and nobody else , just as it is the prerogative of the State of Texas to execute prisoners , whether the rest of the world likes it or not . ”
Yet , when Chinese nationals travel to Western countries , can they expect or demand “ clemency ” when they are in legal trouble with Western legal systems ?
Can China condemn Western countries whenever Chinese nationals are arrested under Western laws in the West and are not given any clemency ?
Bluntly speaking , the West would not give a damn to any clemency towards any Chinese nationals ( and would strongly regard any demand like this as a blatant interference with its legal systems ) .
For instance , Haisong Jiang , a Chinese doctoral student in a joint molecular biosciences program at Rutgers University , was arrested in the U.S. on January 8 , 2010 , after he unwittingly “ breached security ” by bypassing a Newark Airport terminal without security screening in order “ to bid his girlfriend goodbye ” inside the terminal and now “ faces a trespassing charge and a fine , ” as reported by David Porter for the Associated Press on January 9 , 2010 .
Yet , can China ask for “ clemency ” with the U.S. legal system for his release ?
No , of course not , the law should be obeyed in the U.S. , regardless of nationality .
Even worse , there are people in higher authority in the U.S. who asked for harsher punishment against Jiang , with no mercy at all .
For instance , “ New Jersey Senator Frank Lautenberg , who was briefed on the arrest , …expressed anger ” and strongly asked that the charges and punishment against Jiang “ should be much harsher , ” as reported by Porter .
These three cases as described here , namely , the ones concerning Google , the British woman , and Mr. Shaikh , are by no mean exhaustive ( as there can be many other cases like this ) but suffice to illustrate the important point of how much non-Western laws are often treated with condescension and discrimination by Westerners while being in the Non - West , in a way that they do not reciprocate the same treatment to non-Westerners who are in the West and are in trouble with Western laws .
There is a pervasive ( often publicly unspoken ) racist and ethnocentric discrimination against non-Western laws by Western nationals , as a long historical legacy of Western colonialism in the Non - West during much of the modern era .
This colonial legacy of Western superiority complex has not disappeared but transforms itself into a neo -colonial character in our time , often hidden behind the slogans of “ human rights , ” “ freedom , ” “ clemency , ” and the like .
One major consequence is that Westerners can go to any place in the Non -West and , when in legal trouble with local laws , often expect the preferential treatment of not being prosecuted and of being released , with such excuses as “ clemency , ” “ human rights , ” “ freedom , ” and the like , in a way that they do not reciprocate the same preferential treatment to non-Westerners who are in legal trouble in the West .
In fact , these non-Westerners are , more often than not , suffer from pervasive discrimination in Western societies , to the extent that not only they are not given any “ clemency ” but also they often receive harsher punishment than otherwise .
Thus are the Western neo-colonial discrimination against non-Western laws -- and its inhumane consequence in our time .
____________________________
About the Author : Dr. Peter Baofu is the author of 30 books in numerous different fields , in which he proposed 40 new theories in different disciplines for a unified theory of everything .
His latest books on world affairs include “ The Future of Post - Human War and Peace ” ( 2010 , forthcoming ) , “ The Future of Post - Human Law ” ( 2010 , forthcoming ) , “ Beyond the World of Titans , and the Remaking of World Order ” ( 2007 ) , “ The Rise of Authoritarian Liberal Democracy ” ( 2007 ) , the 2 volumes of “ Beyond Democracy to Post - Democracy ” ( 2005 ) , “ Beyond Capitalism to Post - Capitalism ” ( 2004 ) , “ The Future of Capitalism and Democracy ” ( 2002 ) , and the 2 volumes of “ The Future of Human Civilization ” ( 2000 ) .
WAUKESHA , Wis. - A Wisconsin teen convicted of using Facebook to blackmail dozens of classmates into sex has been sentenced to 15 years in prison .
Nineteen - year - old Anthony Stancl of New Berlin showed no emotion as the sentence was handed down Wednesday .
Stancl pleaded no contest in December to two felonies , including repeated sexual assault of a child .
He apologized during sentencing , saying he has learned to understand what his victims went through .
He had faced a maximum 30 - year sentence .
Stancl is accused of posing as a girl on Facebook and tricking more than 30 male classmates into sending him naked photos of themselves , then using the photos to blackmail them for sex .
The state of South Australia has a new election law that went into effect January 6 , and its effect was shocking : anonymous political speech on the Internet was simply destroyed .
The law required anyone posting a political comment online during an election period to supply their real name and address or face a fine of up to AUS $ 1,250 .
The measure was grossly discriminatory — it applied only to bloggers and commenters , not to online " journals " ( newspapers or magazine which are written by Real Journalists ) .
Politicians had apparently developed a thin skin to anonymous commentary , some of which no doubt did devolve into rank defamation , but Australia already has defamation laws that could be used against truly egregious material .
Ending online anonymous speech was an extreme solution , one not appreciated by the targets of the law .
AdelaideNow was one of the main sites caught in the crosshairs .
The site provides a forum for discussion of local affairs , and it railed in an editorial this morning about the rule , both for practical and principled reasons .
" It 's hard to imagine South Australia 's Electoral Commissioner will prowl the Internet day after day during the election campaign policing such a ridiculous law , " said the paper .
" Realistically and logically , there is no need .
All blogs and comments published on AdelaideNow are moderated .
Broadcasters monitor and moderate what is broadcast .
All also abide by extensive laws that prevent the publication or broadcast of defamatory and other illegal material . "
Then came the expected comparison to China ; " It is instructive that similar laws were also enacted in China last year , a country which has yet to embrace free speech . "
The law was backed by South Australia 's Attorney General , Michael Atkinson .
Atkinson took the radio yesterday to defend the new rule , saying that anonymity was being used by political opponents to attack him in secret .
Fornarino , the man who does n't exist
" I 'll give you an example : repeatedly in the AdelaideNow website one will see commentary from Aaron Fornarino of West Croydon .
That person does n't exist , " Atkinson said on the air .
" That name has been created by the Liberal Party in order to run Liberal Party commentary . "
This morning , AdelaideNow took great delight in posting a picture of Fornarino posing with a Mac and his young daughter .
He 's a second - year law student who moved to the area last year and " lives in a flat on Port Rd , about 500 m from Mr. Atkinson 's electorate office . "
The fine art of the " backdown "
The cries of the outraged citizenry have had an effect .
While defending the new rules as recently as yesterday , Atkinson suddenly backed off from them today .
He sent a statement to AdelaideNow , one remarkable for its candor .
" From the feedback we 've received through AdelaideNow , the blogging generation believes that the law supported by all MPs and all political parties is unduly restrictive .
I have listened .
I will immediately after the election move to repeal the law retrospectively ...
It may be humiliating for me , but that 's politics in a democracy and I 'll take my lumps . "
South Australia 's Premier , Mike Rann , knows his way around the tweet - o- sphere , and he backed up Atkinson 's comments with his own Twitter commentary .
" For many young people , and even the not so young , internet is their parliament of ideas and information , " said one .
Then , immediately after : " AG has listened .
So no debate will be stifled .
No political censorship of blogs or on - line comments whether named or anon . "
So — a victory for people power ?
Sure .
But do n't let one bad law obscure the point that anonymous activity really can lead to problems ( see malware , creation and distribution of ) .
Case in point : Engadget today took the dramatic step of actually turning off its comments after they became " mean , ugly , pointless , and frankly threatening in some situations " over the last few days .
At least they left us with an awesome picture involving lasers and dinosaurs — and at least the government was n't mandating the action .
The Chinese government is trying to corner the rare earths market and that is n't good news for the tech business .
Those with good memories of Chemistry O Level will know what the rare earths are : the funny little line of elements from Lanthanum to Lutetium at the bottom of the periodic table , along with Yttrium and Scandium , which we usually add to the list .
The reason we like them in the tech business is because they 're what enables us to make a lot of this tech stuff that is the business .
You can't run fibre optic cables without your Erbium repeaters , Europium , Terbium and Yttrium are all used to make the coloured dots in CRTs , the lens on your camera phone is 25 per cent Lanthanum oxide ( yes , really , glass is made of metal oxides ) and without Neodimium and Dysprosium we'd not have permanent magnets : no hard drives nor iPod headphones .
Those last two we could make out of Samarium , but that 's another rare earth , and in the absence of that we'd have to go back to AlNiCo which is what PDP 11 drives used .
20 kilos for a few megabytes of storage and a right bugger to plug in your ear .
The reason we like the rare earths so much for all of these things is that while they 're all chemically very similar , they have very different reactions to things like light , electricity and magnetism .
For example , Lutetium is magneto - electric , meaning that a change in a magnetic field will produce a change in current : just as piezo - electric materials produce a change in response to a change in mechanical stress .
That is very useful if you want to convert changes in a magnetic field into variations in current , which you can then use to drive a cathode ray tube .
We do that in an MRI machine , which is why at the heart of one is a great big Lutetium oxide crystal .
Your fact of the day is that of around 2,200 kg of lutetium used globally a year , 2,000 kg is used at one factory in Texas to make those crystals .
The chemical similarity comes from them all having the same number of electrons in their outer shell : chemistry is really all about electrons in the outer shell .
The differences come from the different numbers of electrons in the inner shells and of protons and neutrons in the nucleus .
That 's what gives us all the interesting properties which the electronics and tech industries exploit .
Indeed , they are what make many of the things the industries do possible at all .
As you would predict , given very similar chemistries you never actually find these elements alone .
They 're always all there in varying proportions .
Minerals like Monazite and Bentonite are the usual sources but to get just the Lutetium out , for example , you end up having to purify them all out .
Some rare earth metals , yesterday
In fact , this is how some of the rarer ones were discovered in the first place .
Bash up your ore in acid and pour it into a long column of crushed stone ( think calcium carbonate here ) .
As the different elements have different atomic weights , they will go further down the column and , by chance , they also have different colours at this stage .
You end up with something that looks like a straw made of rock with different colour bands in it .
Each band is one of the rare earths .
The longer you make your column the more bands you 'll get : big wide ones for relatively common elements like Yttrium and Lanthanum , very narrow ones for rarities like Lutetium .
The last few rare earths were found by doing exactly this - making the columns longer and counting the number of coloured bands .
Now chop up your straw along the dividing lines and dissolve away the rock and you 've successfully separated them all .
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
Chicken , bean and spinach stew
Grub for Guys Home / Food & Drink Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
Winter is winding down and , well , you 've been couped up in your house for months with nothing to do but eat a lot , drink a lot , and watch a lot of sports .
Here is a recipe for a healthy stew that is still ideal for those chilly spring days , yet light enough to make even in the summer .
It 's easy , good for you and will help burn off part of that spare tire you 've got going on .
Chicken , Bean & Spinach Stew
2 to 3 boneless , skinless chicken breast halves ( about 8 to 10 oz . ) , cut into cubes 1 can Great Northern beans 1 16 oz .
bag baby spinach 2 Tbsp. olive oil 1 clove garlic 1 / 2 medium tomato , seeded and chopped 1 / 2 cup white wine 1 /2 cup chicken broth salt & pepper to taste red pepper flakes grated Parmesan cheese
DIRECTIONS
Heat oil in large , deep skillet .
Sauté garlic 30 seconds , then add chicken .
Stir fry for about three to 4 minutes or until chicken just starts to brown on the outside .
Add wine and stir to loosen brown bits on the bottom of the pan ( for you guys who want to impress someone , this is called " de - glazing " ) .
Add spinach and chicken broth .
Simmer for a few minutes until the spinach wilts .
Add tomato and salt , pepper and red pepper flakes to taste .
Stir and simmer for about 20 minutes , or until sauce starts to thicken .
Serve in bowls topped with Parmesan .
Serves ( about ) four .
Note :
If you 're not particularly watching your weight or can afford some carbs , try serving this over pasta or with some crusty Italian bread .
Berlin Divided on Greece Merkel Takes on the EU and Her Own Finance Minister
In Berlin the chancellor is at loggerheads with her finance minister over the Greek debt crisis , in Brussels and Paris she faces attacks about Germany 's export successes .
Yet Angela Merkel is confident of victory and her uncompromising position is popular with the German people .
ROME ( AP ) — Italian authorities have issued arrest warrants for a businessman and a senator with Premier Silvio Berlusconi 's party in a crackdown on an alleged money laundering ring .
Anti-Mafia prosecutor Piero Grasso says 56 suspects are being sought in Italy and abroad , including in Britain , Switzerland and Panama .
He says the group is suspected of fraud and laundering at least tens of millions of euros ( dollars ) .
Grasso said Tuesday that authorities are seeking the arrest of Silvio Scaglia , the founder of Italian broadband provider Fastweb SpA , which has been bought by Swisscom AG .
His whereabouts are unknown .
Also being sought is Senator Nicola Di Girolamo , a member of Berlusconi's People of Freedom party who represents Italians living abroad .
A Wedding Cake with a lot of Chemistry – literally !
This chocolate cake has the complete periodic table iced down on it .
It is a personalized chocolate cake because it has been baked and iced for a person who got a Ph.D in Chemistry .
Nothing can be more fitting !
An extra element has been also added to it , am sure you have caught it already , yes , I am talking about the cake being completely chocolaty , so chocolate is the added element .
Baking and icing cakes is also a very meticulous form of art , and only a person who completely makes the cake from scratch knows how much effort goes into it .
Traditional cakes have typical designs and roses and decorations etc , but you can always make your own personalized cake , the way you want it , and design it the way you want too .
I once made a large birthday cake for my sister , it was the imitation of a staircase leading down on both sides , and for my best friends birthday I made a huge cake with three different shapes of smaller cakes on it , a square base cake and a star on it , topped off with a heart shaped cake on top .
But I have never thought of bringing in my subject into my creation .
This cake by Anaboz has inspired me to do that now .
If you want to look at more cake designs then take a look at the Tetris Cake and the Burger and Fries Cake .
Windows / Mac + i Phone / iPod touch :
Not only do videos take up a ton of space on space - constrained devices , but converting videos for the iPhone gets painful quickly .
Air Video streams videos straight to your iPhone , converting them on - the - fly if they 're incompatible .
Advertisement
The app is actually an iPhone app plus a PC / Mac app that acts as a server .
You can use any videos on your computer , whether they are in iTunes or not — and , if you prefer , you can also add video playlists from iTunes to the list of sources .
Once you get the server app running on your desktop , you can start streaming over your home network immediately .
Streaming over the internet from outside your home , though , only takes a few more seconds — in the server app , go to the " Remote " tab and check Enable Access from Internet ( see below ) .
The app will give you a server PIN that you can type in when you go to add a source on your iPhone or iPod touch — note that your router at home needs a public IP address and support UPnP or NAT - PMP protocols , which should n't be a problem for most people .
Advertisement
As if that were n't cool ( or easy ) enough , if you have some videos that can't be played directly on the iPhone , you can convert them using Air Video as you watch it ( as long as you 're running firmware 3.0 and have a fairly powerful computer back at home ) .
If you prefer , you can also convert the file offline and watch it later .
Air Video is a free download for the iPhone and iPod touch , although the free version only shows you a few videos at a time , at random , from your folders .
If you have a large video library you want to share , or do n't feel like clicking on the folder multiple times waiting for the video you want to be on the list , there 's a $ 2.99 pro version available as well .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Air Video [ Official Site ]
After Pharaoh
Of all the crises that threaten to shake Barack Obama ’s presidency , few are more volatile than the ticking time bomb in Egypt , especially terrifying for the very reason that no one knows when it might explode .
Hosni Mubarak , the 81 - year - old former Air Force marshal who has ruled Egypt as a police state since 1981 , might leave office sooner than anyone is expecting , opening a power vacuum that could send this U.S. ally , its 83 million citizens , and the regional political order spiraling into a fragile and potentially paralyzing tailspin .
Or he might not .
Mubarak might well linger on for a few more years .
Either way , the time bomb will be looming over Egypt for the foreseeable future , and Obama ’s fortunes in the Middle East will be determined in large part by whether this bomb explodes or gets detonated gently .
It ’s not likely that Mubarak will go down voluntarily .
In 2004 , he told the Egyptian parliament that he will serve as president " until the last breath in my lungs and the last beat of my heart . "
Despite incessant rumors of his ill health , he does n’t seem close to those eventualities .
Meanwhile , the Muslim Brotherhood — the only opposition group worth mentioning — is waiting in the wings .
And the Egyptian regime is so wary of what could happen if Mubarak were suddenly removed from power that , according to one Western intelligence official , it has a detailed plan for shutting down Cairo to avoid a coup , fine - tuned to the detail of playing mournful Quranic verses on state television .
Mubarak has never tapped a successor , so interim officials will take over the government to provide short - term continuity and prepare for emergency elections .
If they happen , such elections are sure to bring more turmoil .
Due to carefully manufactured quirks in the Egyptian Constitution , the most likely candidate to win is the president ’s son , Gamal Mubarak , turning Egypt into a hereditary republic — a " republarchy , " as Egyptian - American political scientist and exiled dissident Saad Eddin Ibrahim warned in 2000 .
Gamal might be acceptable to Egypt ’s business class , but he is not popular .
If he assumes the presidency , it could easily trigger a coup , be it an old - fashioned military takeover or a nonviolent " velvet " one that parachutes a senior military officer to the top of the ruling party .
The irony of Egypt ’s predicament is that it is often the self - described democrats of the opposition who advocate such an intervention by the armed forces , thinking that military rule could provide a steppingstone to democracy .
Gamal , on the other hand , promises another Mubarak presidency for life .
Throughout this troubled transition , Egyptian initiatives in the region , such as Cairo ’s attempts to reconcile the Palestinian factions of Fatah and Hamas and its involvement in the Sudanese peace process , would be frozen .
Key allies such as the United States and Saudi Arabia , as well as neighbors like Israel , will worry that the situation could take a turn against their interests and might be tempted to interfere .
But they ’ll be working in the dark : The U.S. State Department is ill - prepared for Hosni Mubarak ’s departure , former officials from George W. Bush ’s administration say .
When the moment does come , U.S. diplomats will be scrambling to understand the fate of their largest Arab ally , one whose ready cooperation has been central to U.S. designs in the region for nearly three decades .
Bad as this all may seem , the alternative could be even uglier : that Mubarak will hang on to power , run for a sixth term in 2011 , and go on ruling the country into advanced age .
The example of Habib Bourguiba , who remained president of Tunisia for 30 years until he was removed through a " medical coup " at age 84 , comes to mind .
That may yet be the worst outcome for Egypt : a prolongation of the current uncertainty , with a president increasingly frail and unable to govern — leading a regime whose moral authority erodes and where centers of powers multiply , with no end in sight .
House Democrats say leadership has their work cut out in convincing the public to support a tax increase on those making more than $ 250,000 .
Centrists and liberal Democrats told The Hill they support allowing President Bush ’s tax cuts on those making more than $ 250,000 to expire , but said leaders must win public support by portraying the tax increase as reducing the nation ’s record budget deficit .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I believe there is a message from back home that is loud and clear : do something about these out of control deficits , ” said Rep. Earl Pomeroy ( D - N.D. ) , a centrist whose district was won in 2008 by GOP presidential candidate Sen . ( Ariz . ) .
“ Failure to address that would produce the worst consequence for the country and therefore the worst consequence politically , ” Pomeroy said .
Tax increases always carry political risk , and raising taxes during a recession could be labeled as hampering economic growth .
Democrats worry that if their leaders wait to long in selling the move , Republicans will be able to sway public opinion and it will be difficult to allow the cuts to expire .
That could be doubly painful for Democrats , since allowing an extension of the tax cuts would drive up the budget deficit .
“ If we ’re going to rescind these [ tax cuts ] , which is still going to be a battle , we have to have our message out there on why we are doing it , ” said Rep. Raul Grijalva ( D - Ariz . ) , co-chairman of the Congressional Progressive Caucus , a group committed to ending tax cuts for the wealthy .
“ On taxes and some other things we ’ve been on the defensive the whole time .
” House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) on Wednesday said tax cuts enacted under President George W. Bush and benefiting those earning more than $ 250,000 likely would be allowed to expire at year ’s end .
The plan aligns with President ’s pledge to raise taxes on wealthier individuals .
Absent Congressional action , all of the Bush - era tax cuts will expire in December , including those on people making less than $ 250,000 .
Obama and Democrats would like to extend the tax cuts on those making less than $ 250,000 .
But to do so , Hoyer said the third - top tax rate must be restructured since it affects earner making above and below $ 250,000 .
This means Democrats must introduce legislation that somehow splits this bracket so tax cuts for the middle - class are extended without affecting those earning more than $ 250,000 .
But such legislation will meet resistance since some Democrats think all of the Bush tax cuts should be extended .
Rep. Mike McMahon ( D - N.Y. ) co-authored a letter with Rep. Bobby Bright ( D - Ala. ) in January asking Obama to include in his budget request to Congress an extension of all of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts for two years .
Obama did not honor their request , much to McMahon ’s chagrin .
“ I think it is a political liability because it ’s a [ bad ] policy right now for the economy and could have a bad impact on jobs , ” said McMahon , adding , “ I think it is something that is going to be a lively discussion .
” The Joint Committee on Taxation expects half of the revenue raised by the tax increase to fall on businesses that are taxed as individuals , known as “ flow through ” organizations .
The increase will definitely be felt in McMahon ’s district , where the cost of living is among the country ’s highest .
“ A working couple making $ 250,000 is barely making ends meet , ” he said , adding , “ If you have a partnership or an S. Corporation you are definitely affected …
As professionals or shop owners or restaurant owners , you get hammered . ” Grijalva disagrees , saying he has seen little evidence to suggest that the tax increase would single - out small businesses .
“ All the information we have seen and the percentages that are affected is such – that it ’s not going to hurt small businesses , ” he said .
“ And right now part of what we need to do is create incentives to support small businesses and we do n’t have the revenue coming in so I do n’t know how we are going to do that .
” Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chairman Chris Van Hollen ( Md. ) said tax increases on those earning above $ 250,000 would generate $ 850 billion in revenue over 10 years , and discounts the idea that Democrats will be exposed politically for supporting expiration .
“ If you ’re asking whether allowing the Bush tax cuts for the very wealthy to expire when the average income there is $ 800,000 - plus in order to help stabilize the economy , bring deficits down ?
No , ” he said .
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Charles Rangel ( D - N.Y. ) said the political risk for Democrats would largely depend on how their districts would be affected by the tax increase .
“ I guess it depends on which congressional seat you are talking about , ” he said .
“ I think that is an individual member ’s decision and depending on their constituency . ” Grijalva acknowledged that Democratic leaders may not have the 218 votes needed to ensure expiration since the debate will likely divide his party .
“ That ’s going to be a fight , ” he said .
It ’s not expected any time soon .
But once it begins some Democrats say support for expiration could cost their party in November .
“ Some members probably have concern with that , ” said Rep. Dennis Cardoza ( D - Calif. ) , a Blue Dog who supports the expiration of upper - bracket tax cuts since few in his district would be affected by the increase .
“ My people are wanting to get rich enough to pay that tax , ” he said .
No matter what passes the House , it is the Senate where the fate of tax legislation is usually decided .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman( D - Mont. ) , a supporter of the 2001 tax cuts , said no decision has been made on letting the upper brackets expire .
“ We have n’t addressed that yet , not in committee or in leadership , ” he said .
“ We ’re not addressing that yet . ”
Make room for life in the spaces of your home where you need it the most .
We welcome you into a world of inspiration to make more room for exactly what it is you want and need in your life .
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
ICESat mission complete after seven years in orbit
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : February 25 , 2010
NASA has stopped trying to restart the primary laser instrument on the ICESat spacecraft , and the seven - year ice - mapping mission has been declared complete , the agency announced Wednesday .
Artist 's concept of the ICESat 2 satellite .
Credit : NASA
Launched aboard a Delta 2 rocket on Jan. 12 , 2003 , the Ice , Cloud and land Elevation Satellite spent more than six years dutifully circling Earth , bouncing laser beams off the planet 's surface to gauge the thickness of land and sea ice at high latitudes .
The satellite measured the Earth 's surface and atmosphere in " unprecedented 3 - D detail , " said Jay Zwally , the mission project scientist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center .
ICESat was ultimately limited by the failure of its main instrument , the Geoscience Laser Altimeter System .
The last of the GLAS payload 's three lasers stopped emitting light on Oct. 11 , and NASA has ceased attempts to restart the instrument , according to a statement .
Produced at Goddard , GLAS monitored ice by firing laser pulses during observation campaigns lasting several weeks about three times per year .
Since launch , the instrument completed 15 campaigns and its three lasers executed more than 1.9 billion laser pulses .
GLAS accumulated about 15 months worth of data during the mission , NASA officials said .
" ICESat has been an outstanding success , despite disappointing limitations in the laser lifetimes , " Zwally said .
" Scientific advances have been made in measuring changes in the mass of the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets , polar sea ice thickness , vegetation - canopy heights , and the heights of clouds and aerosols . "
The satellite observed diminishing sea ice coverage in the Arctic Ocean and tracked glaciers in Greenland and Antarctica as they empty into the sea , according to NASA .
" ICESat 's loss is disappointing and it comes at a critical time , " said Tom Wagner , the cryosphere program manager at NASA Headquarters .
" But we can't lose sight of the fact that ICESat and its team of talented scientists and engineers helped us see the Earth 's polar ice caps in a new way .
Those observations are feeding a new generation of models to help us figure out where the planet is headed . "
ICESat was designed to operate for at least three years , with a five - year mission goal .
NASA is planning a follow - on satellite named ICESat 2 , but the new mission is not scheduled for launch until 2015 .
Operation Ice Bridge , an airborne survey of polar land and sea ice , will fill the gap between now and 2015 .
The European Space Agency is also planning to launch its own ice observation mission as early as next month .
Society
Xinjiang faces more misery in new cold wave By Cui Jia ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-01-18 07:17
URUMQI : Four people are reported to have died and more than 530,000 affected by the severe winter in Xinjiang , where another cold front is expected to send the temperature plummeting to - 42 C in some parts .
More than 100,000 houses have been flattened or damaged amid the heaviest snowstorms in a decade , and 15,200 livestock died in the autonomous region .
Direct economic losses are estimated at 200 million yuan ( $ 29 million ) , and the regional government has allocated 15 million yuan ( $ 2.2 million ) for disaster relief in the affected areas .
Tacheng and Altay areas , which have been reeling under the heaviest snow in 10 years , will face severe blizzards in the next two days , the regional meteorological station warned yesterday .
" Another cold front is expected to hit the northern part of Xinjiang as of Sunday ( last ) night and last for two days , which will cause severe blizzards , " Wei Rongqing , deputy director of the regional meteorological station told China Daily .
" The temperature in Altay might drop to - 42 C , which will further disrupt people 's lives and create more problems in relief work , " he said .
In Altay , the local authority has decided to move more than 10,000 livestock from mountain areas that are difficult to reach to other locations where sufficient supplies are stored .
Due to the cold front , most parts of the country will see snow , rain and temperature drops by up to 18 degrees Celsius in the next three days , the National Meteorological Center ( NMC ) forecast over the weekend .
Temperatures might drop 8 - 12 degrees Celsius in Xinjiang , Gansu province , northern parts of Qinghai province and western parts of Inner Mongolia autonomous region ; and up to 18 degrees Celsius in certain areas .
The cold front will bring rain to Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region , Guangdong province , the Sichuan basin , northern parts of Guizhou province and southern parts of Yunnan province , according to the forecast .
Supporting FreeBSD
As a FreeBSD user and developer , I obviously care about the success of FreeBSD .
I make a small contribution towards this success via my role as Security Officer ; but the time I spend working on my Tarsnap online backup service prevents me from making as much of a direct contribution as I would like .
Fortunately the FreeBSD Foundation does an excellent job of supporting FreeBSD development ; but like most such organizations , they are funded entirely by donations and are always in need of more .
In light of this , I am pleased to announce that
Much of the work done by the FreeBSD Foundation is done behind the scenes , but the importance of the work they do is undeniable .
They sponsor a range of important FreeBSD development which would likely not get done otherwise ; in the past year this has included
Improvements to the TCP stack ,
Addition of IEEE 802.11s mesh networking ,
A new console driver ,
Support for removal of active disk devices ( i.e. , to be able to yank out a USB disk without causing a FreeBSD kernel panic ) ,
Flattened Device
Tree support ,
AVR32 platform support , and
A new highly - available ( clustered ) storage layer .
In addition to directly sponsoring FreeBSD development , the FreeBSD Foundation plays an important role in indirectly supporting development work by bringing developers together :
They sponsor BSD conferences such as BSDCan , EuroBSDCon , and AsiaBSDCon , and provide funding to allow FreeBSD developers to attend ( they paid for my travel to and from BSDCan ' 06 , for instance ) .
Further , although the FreeBSD Project runs mostly on donated computer hardware , there are instances where it is necessary to purchase equipment for development purposes , and here too the Foundation plays a critical role .
Finally , the FreeBSD Foundation plays a vital role in taking care of legal matters , whether it be handling the FreeBSD trademarks , making recommendations on how FreeBSD should handle new licenses ( e.g. , GPLv3 ) , or representing FreeBSD in dealings with organizations which will only deal with official legally - constituted entities .
Much of this work falls into areas where every FreeBSD developer has an opinion yet none of us are qualified to have an opinion ; having the Foundation get actual legal advice from one or more actual lawyers not only increases the chance of getting things right , but also cuts out the large amount of developer time which would otherwise be wasted by having everybody express their opinions ... and their opinions of everybody else 's opinions .
If you use FreeBSD , please join me in donating to the FreeBSD Foundation ; and if you 're not already using Tarsnap , how about starting to use Tarsnap today , thereby supporting FreeBSD and getting yourself some highly secure backups at the same time ?
Disqus
This recycling plant is the first of its kind in the UK .
It uses sophisticated magnets and other technology to rescue recyclable waste .
Rob Pittam went to the Cambridgeshire plant to find out how it works and how the local council hope it will save taxpayers ' money .
Many agree that tables are a phenomenon in user interface design : they are very important parts of user interfaces but often overlooked .
Tables show structured data and their purpose is to make that data readable , scannable and easily comparable .
The thing is that in many cases tabular data is obscured .
This is why tables have bad reputation and many find them boring .
The truth is that the are everything but boring .
For people who need tables in everyday work they are hated element that makes them scream .
And it should n’t be this way .
Here are some of the patterns that can help in creating less evil tables .
Alternating rows styling
Ok , this one is pretty obvious .
But is it ?
Take a look at the web applications ( and websites ) today and you will see that many do n’t apply it .
So it is not obvious and that ’s why it ’s first in the list here .
By styling alternating rows differently you increase the ability of users to distinguish between overcrowded data in multiple rows and columns .
You can use background color or background image .
If background color is used it should be just slightly lighter / darker than a page background .
For background images you should choose subtle gradients that match your color scheme .
You can also combine background colors / images with table borders .
Table header and footer should be easily recognizable and to achieve that you can use darker ( or lighter ) colors than table row colors .
BlinkCampaign uses subtle green color for alternate rows while keeping the header a bit darker .
Full row selection
If there is a single action that can be performed on a specific row , you can make the entire row clickable .
This expands clickable area and declutters an interface .
This can be used if , for instance , the only action you can perform on each row is view details .
Each row should have hover state styled differently .
There are several ways to achieve this effect , among which I would recommend you RowSelect jQuery plugin .
CrazyEgg uses full row selection to expand the details of the current selection ( we ’ll talk about this pattern a bit later ) .
Row which is being hovered is slightly lighter .
I really like how they designed this area ( as well as the rest of the application ) .
Table sections
When you need to group related rows you can consider using table sections ( or table grouping ) .
A section is a part of the table that groups related data .
All groups shares same set of columns .
For example , in a table that shows list of countries , regions are natural way to group rows .
Each section should be styled differently and can be collapsible / expandable .
Under each section you can show summarized data , if needed .
PulseApp uses table sections to show income and expenses details , but also to group data in subsections that will show even more details .
Each section and subsection is expandable .
Sorting
Sorting is used for cases when users have difficulties in finding a row they want in a very large set of data but they do n’t know any keyword that can be searched by .
Users also sort tables by columns when they want to compare adjacent information .
The common practice for enabling sorting on tables is to make header labels clickable .
A column by which the table is sorted should be marked .
This is usually done by placing an arrow next to column name , indicating in which order the column is sorted ( ascending or descending ) .
Clicking on a column that is already sorted should just reverse the order .
There has to be a clear difference between sortable columns and the others that are n’t .
It is a good practice to sort table by default by one of the key columns .
Quite usable plugin is TableSorter which is very simple to use .
It sorts many known data types and you can define your own as well .
It also supports multi-column sorting , but I a not big fan of it anyway .
OneHub application clearly marks the sorted column and sorting order .
What I like about this design is that it uses realism even in such small details .
Filtering
Filtering is very useful when you deal with large amount of data .
Use dropdowns , radio buttons or checkboxes to make filter selection .
In the example below , builditwith .me uses dropdowns to filter the list of people by profession , interest and availability .
However , you can perform filtering only by predefined set of values .
For instance , you can filter a list of jobs by it ’s type : full - time / freelance or by type : design / development .
This means you can’t filter by First / Last name because there is infinite number of variations .
In this case you can use live filter which uses keywords to filter data .
For live filter you use input field where users can type any keyword and list is filtered by keywords found in any column .
Builditwith .me has several filter options above the list and live filtering below it .
Pagination
When dealing with large amount of data it is a good practice to split them in pages .
Pagination is commonly used pattern but in many cases it is ineffective .
This works for search engines but that does n’t mean it will work in all cases .
Product Planner implements pagination in a common way – with page numbers and prev and next links .
But can you tell what is on page 2 ?
Page 3 ?
Sure you can ’t .
But standard pagination can be improved .
Take EveryBlock example shown below .
Since it is a large addressbook , they used numbers and letters to define pages .
Although in their case all pages are shown this would work well with hiding pages as well .
You can use the similar approach for other criteria by which tables are sorted .
If table is sorted by date , you can show date ranges instead of page numbers ( Page 1 can be shown as Feb 10 – Feb 12 , and so on ) .
If pagination links become too wide , you can use common page numbers ( as seen in previous example ) and show additional information while hovering over links .
Continiuos scrolling
As a contrast to pagination , continuous scrolling reveals new sets of data while you scroll down the list .
There is no option to go to a specific set of data as it is the case with paging .
Instead , new set of data is being added to a list .
During the load time a progress indicator should be shown .
In the example below , a progress indicator on dzone.com is showing how many items are loaded .
There are certain usability and accessibility issues with this pattern so you should test if this work with your users .
You can read more about this pattern on UI Patterns .
There is a variation of this pattern ( or actually another pattern ) that does n’t have such issues .
Instead of revealing new set of data while scrolling , users can get the next set of data by clicking on more button , positioned at the end of the list .
A good example of this can be seen on Twitter .
Fixed table header
This is a nice simple trick you can use to keep table header always visible .
You can use it on fairly large and complex data sets to help users distinguish between many columns .
I do n’t have any live example so if you know one , please share !
FixedHeaderTable plugin can be a good example .
Headerless table
If data in a table if self - explanatory there is no need for table header .
A table that shows emails can be a good example – email subject , sender and date sent are self - explanatory and distinctive data which does n’t require table header .
However , there are cases when you wo n’t be able to remove table header .
If there are ambiguous data , such as two dates , you would need a header description for these columns .
Rivalmap dashboard is a good example of headerless table .
The information in the table is obvious and formatted in such way that no table header is needed .
Expandable rows
I already wrote about this pattern and created a small jQuery plugin that you can easily implement .
The key point of this pattern is to enable adding additional information or functionality to tables .
BuySellAds , for example , uses this pattern to show advertising details about each publisher , while keeping the most important information always visible in master rows .
Row actions
Tables are often much more than a plain placeholder for endless data .
They also can be interactive elements that can perform specific actions .
Actions are usually performed on a single row ( they can be also performed on multiple rows , see next pattern ) .
Actions can be shown inline , they can be revealed on hover or shown as a menu .
Inline actions
The simplest way to show actions is to place them in line with row data , at the beginning or the end of the row .
In the example below , Mixx shows voting action at the end of each row which makes voting quite easy .
Hover actions
This is variation of the previous pattern that can be used in cases when you have multiple actions .
By hiding them and revealing them on hover you declutter interface and make more space for data .
Project Estimator by Astuteo shows edit and delete action on hovering each row .
Menu actions
If there are a lot of actions you can perform on each row , you can show them as a many that can be revealed on hover or click .
DropBox utilizes this pattern very effectively .
Since there are a lot of actions you can perform on each file , they show them as a context menu .
Actions on multiple rows
A good approach in many cases is to enable users to perform actions on multiple rows .
Users can select rows by clicking on a checkbox , usually placed at the beginning of each row , and perform group action by pressing one of the available group action links or buttons .
I will use DropBox in example also .
Users can select multiple files and perform one of the group actions available from menu .
It is also a good practice to enable select all / deselect all functionality which instantly select or deselect all visible rows .
Final thoughts
The article covered the basics of the most common table patterns and some live examples .
If I missed something please let me know !
I also recommend you reading two more articles about tables : Big Table issue that tries to find an solution for tables that are so big they no longer fit in the viewport , and 15 Tips for Designing Terrific Tables that shows many different contexts in which tables can be used .
Thanks to Theresa Neil , one of the authors of Designing Web Interfaces , you can read about three more patterns that she documented : Inline Editing , Super Wide Tables and In-column Filtering .
Boycott the Discovery Networks
by : Nathan Farmer
recipient :
To remove Sarah Palin from host of Sarah Palin's Alaska
This petition is to inform the Discovery Networks of our intentions to boycott the following channels in response to their decision to have Sarah Palin as the host of Sarah Palin 's Alaska , to air on TLC .
* Discovery Channel * TLC * Animal Planet * Discovery Health * Science Channel * Planet Green * Discovery Kids * Military Channel * Investigation Discovery * HD Theater * Turbo / FitTV * Discovery News * HowStuffWorks * TreeHugger * Petfinder * PetVideo * Discovery Education
Palin 's policies , such as her lack of belief in evolution , are harmful to the scientific theory .
She also has an ugly record of animal rights abuses .
Her encouragement of aerial wolf hunting using a $ 150 bounty per wolf , was luckily overturned by the AK supreme court .
MH -266 Thavius Beck - Dialogue
On Dialogue , his third full - length for Mush Records , Thavius Beck continues to push the boundaries of hip - hop beatmaking , grounding lo - fi digital drum kits in icy layers of synths and sliced up samples .
Fresh off of production duties on Saul Williams ’ Niggy Tardust album with Trent Reznor , Beck ’s work on Dialogue is razor sharp .
This release also finds
Thavius spending more time in front of the mic , delivering the type of rhymes that originally gained him notoriety as a member of Global Phlowtations .
The consummate iconoclast , Beck cleverly critiques many of America 's ills with a dry , satirical wit that never falls into preachiness .
With each passing release , Thavius Beck continues to prove that the only musical boundaries he sees are ones he has already left behind .
Ahmadinejad and the Conservative Mullahs of Iran
Omar al - Bashir : The Butcher of Darfur
The Bankers at Goldman Sachs , Citigroup , etc .
Osama bin Laden
Tony Blair : Lapdog Extraordinaire
Bush and Dick ( George W. and Cheney )
Canadians : World Leading Environmental Destroyers , Degraders and Deniers ( oil sands and all )
The Dick - tators of China
FOXNews : Bill O'Reilly , Sean Hannity , Glenn Beck & the rest of Rupert Murdoch 's stable of fear - mongering , Commie - baiting a- holes
The Israeli Government
Kim Jong Mentally -il
Joe Lieberman
The Mainstream Media
Robert Mugabe
Religious Fundamentalists of Every Stripe
Karl Rove : Master of the Bush Universe
The Thugs of the Burmese Junta
Botnets — large networks of malware - infected PCs remotely controlled by criminals — are a serious problem on the Internet .
The spam , phishing attacks , and malware that these networks send accounts for a massive proportion , in excess of 80 percent , of e-mail traffic .
One such network , known as Waledac , has been stopped in its tracks after Microsoft got a court to issue a secret temporary restraining order .
The restraining order took 277 domain names used by the criminals to communicate with the botnet offline .
Without these domain names , it is hoped that the controllers of the botnet will permanently lose access to the machines running their malware .
The Waledac botnet is presumed to be run by Eastern Europeans and to be made up of hundreds of thousands of compromised machines .
It sends hundreds of millions , if not billions , of e-mails each day , as well as distributes malware to help recruit new machines to the network .
Microsoft 's complaint describes in detail how the botnet is organized , with a complex hierarchical control system .
At the root of the system is the command - and - control servers .
The botnet uses the 277 domain names to connect to the command and control servers to download new commands .
These commands are then distributed through the different tiers of the network using peer - to - peer transmission .
By obtaining the restraining order , this command - and - control system was disrupted ; with the domain names offline , the machines in the botnet were no longer able to locate their control servers , rendering them mostly harmless .
The court action had to be taken in secret to avoid warning the botnet 's operators ; with sufficient warning , they might have been able to set up new domain names and new control systems , thereby circumventing Microsoft 's efforts .
The names have now been offline for three days , presumably sufficient to cause permanent disruption , and the injunction is now public .
Similar action against past botnets has been attempted by security researchers before , but the results were only temporary as new command and control servers were set up .
Microsoft 's intent is for this action to be more permanent .
" Operation b49 , " as Redmond has called it internally , still has further work to do to ensure that the peer - to - peer communication between computers in the botnet is disrupted .
This is critical if the mission is to be successful ; the company notes that the operation is not a " silver bullet , " as it does not remove the malware from the infected PCs .
Though the operation has taken them out of the hands of the hackers , they are still infected , and are still trying to contact the control system .
The ultimate solution is for those with infected PCs to ensure that they are patched and have the malware removed as soon as possible .
Even if Operation b49 is ultimately successful and the Waledac network is taken offline , it unfortunately generates only a small fraction of the spam sent each day .
Microsoft insists that this will not be the last such action , and that we should " stay tuned " for more .
The botnets have had the upper hand for many years now ; if this action has lasting success , it could be the first real step in the fight against spam .
Most Recent Shows
The Nomination Of Amy Coney Barrett And The Fate Of The Supreme Court Diane talks with Ruth Marcus , deputy editorial page editor and columnist for The Washington Post , about filling the vacancy on the Supreme Court following the death of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg .
Listen Discuss
The Battles Over The 2020 Census The Trump administration attempted to end the census count early but a judge has ruled against it .
Diane talks about the twists and turns in the 2020 census with Andrew Whitby , author of " The Sum of the People : How the Census Has Shaped Nations , from the Ancient World to the Modern Age . "
Listen Discuss
Childhood leukemia rates have more than doubled over the last 15 years in the southern Iraq province of Basrah , according to the study , " Trends in Childhood Leukaemia in Basrah , Iraq ( 1993 -2007 ) , published in the American Journal of Public Health .
The authors , three of whom are from the University of Washington , say they hope their calculations can now pave the way for an investigation into reasons why the rates have climbed so high , and why they are higher than found in nearby Kuwait , or in the European Union or the United States .
The study documents 698 cases of leukemia for children aged 0 - 14 during the 15 - year period , with a peak of 211 cases in 2006 .
Younger children had higher rates than older ones .
" By using a hospital cancer registry , we were able to measure a jump in leukemia rates from 3 per 100,000 youngsters in the first part of our study period , to a rate of almost 8 and a half in the final three years , " said UW Department of Global Health faculty member Amy Hagopian , the paper 's lead author .
By comparison , Hagopian said , the European Union and the United States report rates of 4 and 5 per 100,000 , respectively .
She also noted Kuwait reports a rate of approximately 2 per 100,000 and Oman reports rates between 2 and 3 , depending on the gender of the child ( boys typically have higher rates , as do children from higher socio- economic classes ) .
" Studying childhood diseases in war situations is difficult , " Hagopian noted .
" Aside from the normal difficulties of controlling for referral patterns changes caused by war - time conditions , the political situation is also challenging .
We were constantly worried about the political risks our medical colleagues were taking by collecting and reporting these data . "
Another author of the paper , UW Department of Epidemiology Chairman Scott Davis , noted , " Another challenge was securing population data for purposes of calculating rates . "
He said census data were not collected after the U.S. invasion of Iraq and population patterns were thought to be disrupted by migration patterns , as well .
Study authors say they used the most conservative assumptions available , so as not to overstate their findings .
The study was conceived by faculty at University of Washington and two Iraqi universities -- Mustansiriya University in Baghdad and Basrah University -- and the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle .
The authors formed an ongoing partnership to support public health in Iraq after the 2003 U.S. invasion .
During the period studied , Basrah and its highly populated surrounding area , which includes farmland and oil fields , became a modern battlefield , pummeled by three consecutive wars , including the Iran - Iraq war in the 1980s , the first U.S. invasion in 1991 and the second U.S. invasion in 2003 .
The researchers now seek to understand the cause of Iraq 's increased rate of child leukemia by conducting a case - control study to compare children who got leukemia with those who did not .
That sort of study allows researchers to see if there were differences in exposures between the cases and the controls .
Some increased exposures related to child leukemia could include the byproducts of regional petroleum fires and benzene , which comes from gasoline sold by children at the side of the road as a result of disrupted fuel supplies , war - related nerve agents and pesticides , and the widespread use of depleted uranium munitions .
Data Findings
Objective Photo Ratings Compared Across EXIF Data Categories
March 16 , 2010
Hello fellow photographers and photo enthusiasts !
I 've completed some preliminary data mining on the relationship between a photo's objective rating and various categories of EXIF data .
With the backing of those data results , I can finally answer age old ( and somewhat non-sensical ) questions like " Are Nikons or Canons taking better pictures ? " , " At what focal lengths are photos the best looking ? " , and " Is your manual white balance setting really making you better than those auto setting users ? "
Please keep in mind that correlation does not imply causation as well as the sample methodology and size used by this report ( discussed at the end of the page ) .
Now , let 's dive right in .
Nikon users take better photos than Canon users ( especially the corporate version ? )
In the above graph , you can see that Nikon was the top make in terms of average photo rating handily beating Canon which took the second place ( making me sad as a longtime Canon owner ) , while Apple was the worst .
This makes sense as Apple 's camera offering involves mostly phone cameras and people tend to take more snapshots than compositions .
But is Nikon the definitive champion here ?
The conclusion may seem slightly muddled by the fact that Nikon for some reason shows up in 2 categories in EXIF data , both as Nikon Corporation and as just Nikon .
The majority of the photos in the sample were in the Nikon Corporation category while only a few were in the Nikon category ( you can click on the graph source link and drill down on the table for the data behind it ) .
If the two categories for Nikon were combined , the combined Nikon average would still beat Canon .
One possible explanation for Nikon beating Canon can be that Canon 's point and shoots might be more popular than Nikon 's and thus pulls down Canon 's average rating by having a higher proportion of snapshots .
A Canon SLR owner like myself can cling to the hope that if we separated the data out the SLRs might well stand their ground .
Unfortunately , Nikon D90 users dispel any such notion in the following graph :
Highest Average Ratings by Camera Models : D90 reigns supreme amongst SLRs
There is definitely a positive correlation between how much you spend on your camera and how well your photos rate .
Photos taken with the D90 however , averaged better ratings than the pricier D300 .
Lowest Average Ratings by Camera Models : All Point and Shoots
No surprises here .
The lowest ratings belong to those using point and shoots .
The Effects of Camera / Lens Settings
Another potentially interesting area was to check to see if there were any patterns when examining things like aperture , shutter speed , iso , white balance , and focal length .
Aperture
Here , each faint red dot represents one photograph and the solid red dots represent the average rating of all photos for the given aperture .
The X - axis shows the F stop numbers , so the left hand side represent wide open apertures and the right hand side represent smaller apertures .
First of all , it looks like most photos in the sample were taken with an aperture between F / 2.8 to F / 5.6 , and that segment also represents the lowest rating averages .
Simply using an aperture outside the F2.8 to F5.6 range almost guarantees that the photo will not be terrible ( < 1200 ) .
Outside that range though , there does not appear to be a strong correlation between aperture and photo rating .
Shutter Speed
Going into this exercise , I would have expected some kind of an anomaly in the graph around the 1/60 sec mark due to the fact that around 1/60 sec is where camera motion blur starts to become a problem .
Instead the graph shows a rather gradual decline of ratings as the shutter speed gets slower .
ISO Speed
The X axis shows ISO speed .
There really does not appear to be a correlation between ISO setting used and the photo ratings .
White Balance Mode
Looks like on average , it is simply better to leave your white balance setting on auto .
Unfortunately there was not enough data for other categories such as Tungsten and Fluorescent to show up .
Focal Length
This graph is currently only showing the obvious , which is that point and shoots and camera phones which have a very small focal length average lower ratings than other focal lengths which most likely represent DSLRs .
Post Processing
Post Processing Software with the Best Ratings
Using a recent version of Photoshop seems to be a very strong predictor for high ratings and yes , Mac is beating out Windows .
Post Processing Software with the Worst Ratings
I did not know you could use QuickTime to edit photos .
The lower ratings tend to be older versions of software here or software that comes with your camera .
Creative Commons photos average much higher than All Rights Reserved
Flickr very successfully pushed the Creative Commons licenses for photos .
Although this is not an EXIF related data category , I thought it would be interesting to see the ratings breakdown between photos marked as Creative Commons and photos that are All Rights Reserved .
What do you know !
Maybe people who take the effort to make it easier to share their work do tend to take better photos .
Sample Size , Methodology , and We Need More Data !
Sample Pool : the total photo sample pool consisted of 866 photos and 695 of them had EXIF info .
800 of the photos were randomly selected from Flickr 's public rss feed , and 66 of them were submitted by users .
For each individual graph , you can click through to the source table and see the photo counts and underlying data .
Comparisons : 42460 comparisons were done by 176 users , but the distribution is rather uneven , so ratings were heavily influenced by users who did more comparisons .
Objective Rating : mechanics of EloGrade Ratings
In a nutshell , more data is needed for statistical significance and more interesting analysis , I will revisit these same graphs when more data is available as well as think about what other cool categories can be checked out .
Copy a temporary flv ( flash video ) file to another folder Each time that a Flash video file ( . flv ) is played in your Web browser , a temporary file with all the content of the flv file is created in the temporary folder of Windows , usually located under [ User Profile ] \Local Settings \Temp .
In order to view this file , go to your temp folder while playing a video in YouTube or in other similar Flash video Web site , and click the ' Date Modified ' column to sort the files list by date .
If you do it right , you 'll see that the first filename begins with ' fla ' prefix and the file size is gradually growing .
This ' fla ???. tmp ' file is in fact a full .flv file that can be played with any video software that support flv files .
However , this file is locked by the flash player component and you cannot copy or open it by a regular software .
also , when you close the Web browser , the file is automatically deleted .
In order to extract this .tmp file , you can use the VideoCacheView utility .
When you run this tool , it automatically scan the cache of your Web browsers and the temporary folder of Windows , and find all stored video files .
After the video list is loaded , you can find the same tmp file that you see in the temporary folder :
Select this file , and choose ' Copy Selected Files To ' option .
Now , you should select the folder that you wish to copy the file :
After you click ' Ok ' , the file will be copied into the selected folder .
Be aware that before you copy the file , you must wait until the flash video file is fully loaded by your Web browser .
Otherwise , the copied flv file will be corrupted .
Divine Florida Gators quarterback and bona - fide Christian soldier Tim Tebow has everyone riled up about his upcoming anti-abortion Super Bowl ad .
The arguing 's unnecessary .
You 're only hurting yourself , Timmy .
America 's not ready for a Jesus Freak Superstar .
Tim Tebow played football at my high school ( after I left ) .
He was a ringer — he was home - schooled , to avoid the cultural pollution of a public school ( forced on innocent students by teachers like my mom ) , then he came on over at the end of the day to kick everyone 's ass at football and baseball .
Knowing where Tebow 's from , I have no problem believing that his Christian holiness is not an act .
He 's a real live believer .
Jesus is lord , and that 's all there is to it .
But the route from Nease High School down to the University of Florida at Gainesville is only about 70 miles , and none of those miles are located outside the North Florida Bible Belt .
Tebow 's been living in a Jesus bubble his whole life .
He is just as much a victim of his circumstances as a Crip in South Central who can't imagine not shooting his enemies .
Except Tebow 's shooting with a gun made of Jesus .
The problem is that Tebow is now set to leave for the big stage of the NFL , at which point his bubble is going to pop .
American professional sports are no place for the good and pure .
The NFL rests on only the thinnest veneer of God and Country .
In reality , it is a stage upon which an entire nation projects its warlike bloodlust .
You see , Timmy , Americans do n't want football heroes who walk around with actual , visible halos .
Marketers do n't want that , either .
For all the lip service paid to clean living , America really does n't give a fuck if its celebrity product endorsers cheat on their wives or gamble or smoke weed .
Tiger Woods will be back soon enough , and Michael Jordan and Michael Phelps already are .
This makes them relatable .
Very few consumers can relate to a guy who is a virgin by choice despite having the entire UF student body at his disposal ( we anxiously await your inevitable sex scandal , btw ) .
Before you know it you 'll be stuck endorsing megachurches and Christian t- shirt companies while your straying teammates sell Gatorade and Taco Bell and Ford Trucks to their fellow sinners .
In football , furthermore , Americans like a little taste of the criminal .
Look at the guys who 've made the cover of Madden Football recently : Michael Vick was imprisoned for dog fighting , Ray Lewis beat a murder rap .
Does anyone really care ?
No , they do not .
Deep down , people enjoy the knowledge that their supermasculine heroes behave in supermasculine ways , by fucking and fighting and getting fucked up .
Consumers need to enjoy that cozy feeling of aspirational identification in order to smooth the way towards product purchases .
The point is , Timmy , that just because people say they admire your missionary work and your Bible - verse quotes and your constant invocation of Jesus ' name does n't mean they actually do .
Your appeal outside the South is already woefully limited .
Add in the fact that you 're happily wading into the public debate on the more acceptably debatable portions of Christian doctrine , and you 're just giving everyone a good excuse to write you off .
I admire your guileless good will , Tim Tebow .
But nobody likes a goody - goody .
This , after all , is America .
This is from a profile of Samuel Bowles :
Born Poor ? , by : Corey Pein : ... Bowles ’ most recent paper ... examines how wealth is transferred from parents to children in hunter - gatherer societies versus agricultural societies .
That might seem distant ...
But everyone can relate to his chosen subject : inequality .
...
Bowles ’ course was set in 1968 , when he was an assistant professor at Harvard , and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. came to his department looking for advice on the next stage of his social justice campaign .
“ We were just elated that we could use economics , which we had so painstakingly learned , to answer questions that Dr. King thought were important , ” Bowles tells SFR .
“ We were also extremely angry that we were totally unable to answer the questions on the basis of having gotten a PhD at Harvard . ”
King ’s assassination that year cut short the equality movement .
...
Most economists in 1968 thought of inequality as “ somebody else ’s problem , ” Bowles tells SFR .
“ I actually was denied the right to teach a graduate course in inequality because it was said not to be economics . ”
It was n’t always thus .
“ The founders of the discipline of economics , almost to a man — and they were only men — thought that the problem of distribution between classes — they used the word classes — was the key to understanding why nations grew or not , ” Bowles says .
What Bowles sees as the essence of his profession [ is ] problems of wealth distribution ...
Question
How do I stop procrastinating when I have a book report due ?
Community Answer
Think of what will happen if you do n't turn in the book report .
You will probably be in a lot of trouble , your grade will suffer , etc .
Or think of how difficult that report will be if you have to sit down and do it all at once at the last minute instead of working on it a little at a time .
Put away all distractions and just sit down and get to work .
This is the stuff of life .
We mean that literally :
These urns by Paris designer Mathieu Lehanneur capture demographic data in enameled ceramic , with 99 - year - olds at the top and newborns at the bottom .
“ My goal was to transform the demographic data into a more emotional object , ” he says .
The diverse forms surprised him , but perhaps they should n’t have : Many European vessels are slimmer in the middle due to World War II , and recessions usually produce inward curves .
You can see the coming wave of the elderly in the U.S. , while Egypt has huge numbers of youth .
“ The overall shape is determined by living conditions , ” says Lehanneur , who used 2007 stats for these 29.5 - inch - tall urns but will make custom pieces based on a client ’s chosen nation and year .
“ History creates the odd details or accidents . ”
And , in this case , the art . ( 6,000 euros / $ 9,000 at mathieulehanneur.com )
Book of the Week Peuples d'en haut
by John Vink Peuples d'en haut is John Vink 's account of people with strong cultural identities living in the rough terrain and protective isolation of the mountains .
This work , executed between 1991 and 2000 , depicts the life of a Hmong community in Laos , a Mam Indian community in Guatemala , and a Svan village in the Georgian Caucasus .
View selected images
Join the Fray © Marilyn Silverstone / Magnum Photos
What do you think of these photos ?
Join the Fray , our reader discussion forum .
Post a message Read messages
What [ my photography is ] all about , in the end , is that I want to give a voice , albeit only a tiny voice , to those who do n’t have one .
John Vink
Washington â€ œEco-terroristâ€  Bill Includes Civil Disobedience and First Amendment Activity
Fifty years ago this month , four black students sat at a Woolworth ’s whites - only lunch counter and refused to move .
The following day 25 students did the same .
A few days later , more than 300 showed up .
The sit-ins quickly spread across the South and were a critical component of the civil rights movement .
Decades later , the same conduct by animal rights and environmental activists are “ terrorism ” under a bill introduced in Washington State .
Senator Val Stevens has sponsored SB 6566 , “ an act prohibiting terrorist acts against animal and natural resource facilities . ”
The so - called “ eco-terrorism ” bill , like many others , ostensibly targets underground groups like the Animal Liberation Front and Earth Liberation Front .
However , the bill is so broad that it explicitly targets non-violent civil disobedience and outlaws speaking out in support of “ eco-terrorists . ”
Here is the text of the bill .
Among its provisions :
Its sweeping definition of “ eco-terrorist organization ” could wrap up countless above - ground activists .
It defines “ animal rights or ecological terrorist organization ” to mean “ two or more persons with the primary or incidental purpose of intimidating , coercing , causing fear with the intent to obstruct , or impeding any person from participating in an activity involving animals ” or natural resources .
That last clause is the kicker .
The bill ’s definition of a terrorist organization includes any activist group that impedes business operations .
It defines “ animal rights or ecological terrorist organization ” to mean “ two or more persons with the primary or incidental purpose of intimidating , coercing , causing fear with the intent to obstruct , or impeding any person from participating in an activity involving animals ” or natural resources .
That last clause is the kicker .
The bill ’s definition of a terrorist organization includes any activist group that impedes business operations .
Civil disobedience is “ terrorism . ”
The bill explicitly mentions “ Entering or remaining on the premises of an animal or horticultural facility if the person or organization ” has “ received notice to depart but failed to do so . ”
The bill explicitly mentions “ Entering or remaining on the premises of an animal or horticultural facility if the person or organization ” has “ received notice to depart but failed to do so . ”
Speaking out in support of “ eco-terrorists ” is terrorism .
The bill targets those who : “ Participate in or support animal or ecological terrorism , including raising , soliciting , collecting , or providing any person with material , financial support , or other resources such as lodging , training , safe houses , false documentation , or identification , communications , equipment , or transportation that will be used in whole or in part to encourage , plan , prepare , carry out , publicize , promote , or aid an act of animal or ecological terrorism , the concealment of , or an escape from an act of animal or ecological terrorism . ”
That final bullet point is the most dangerous section of the entire bill .
It outlaws any activity , including communications , that “ will be used in whole or in part to encourage , ” “ publicize , ” or “ promote ” an act of animal or ecological terrorism .
“ Encourage . ” “ Publicize . ” “ Promote . ”
There is absolutely no doubt that this language is intended to target the work of groups like the Earth Liberation Front Press Office , North American ALF Press Office , Bite Back Magazine , Earth First Journal , and others who distribute the communiquÃ©s of underground groups and vocally defend illegal tactics .
Make no mistake : that ’s what this law is about .
Speech .
Sure , it includes stiffer penalties for property crimes and civil disobedience .
The real danger , though , is the creation of a new class of law that explicitly exempts the First Amendment activity of those who support “ terrorists . ”
In my opinion , the law is so broad it could go even further , targeting those who provide “ financial support ” through legal defense funds .
That ’s debatable , of course , and that ’s the problem ; the law is so vague and broad that it is open to the exploitation of corporations , politicians and ambitious prosecutors .
Unfortunately , bills like this are nothing new .
In fact , much of the language in this bill has been directly copied and pasted from a template bill created by the corporate - funded American Legislative Exchange Council .
You can read ALEC ’s “ Animal and Ecological Terrorism Act ” here .
A similar ALEC bill in Tennessee was described by its sponsor as targeting “ left - wing eco-greenies . ”
This bill , and others like it , have literally been bought and paid for by corporations .
Meanwhile , if you replace “ animal and ecological ” with “ civil rights ” throughout this bill , it could easily have been used against those activists at the Woolworth ’s lunch counter , the Greensboro Four .
Fifty years of history have made it easy , and even expected , to support once - controversial social movements and radical tactics .
The site of the Greensboro Four ’s historic “ terrorism ” has now been commemorated with the opening of the International Civil Rights Center and Museum .
UPDATE : The bill did not make it out of committee , and will not pass this session .
We ’ll stay on the lookout for future incarnations , as similar versions of this bill have been introduced in Washington State many times .
WASHINGTON — One year after being swept into the White House and bestowed huge majorities in Congress , Democrats have seen their towering lead over Republicans evaporate .
Why ?
According to previous DNC chairman Howard Dean , they ’re just not tough enough .
Dean declared Thursday that Democrats “ need a spinal transplant ” as the party is too quick to succumb to Republican intimidation rather than stand by their convictions and bring their ideas to fruition .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Republicans are so irresponsible , ” Dean said .
“ They put the good of their party ahead of the good of the country , and when that happens they do n’t deserve to serve in office anymore . ”
Dean , also former governor of Vermont , staunchly defended the efforts of Democratic Sens .
Tom Harkin ( IA ) and Jeanne Shaheen ( NH ) to reform the minority party ’s ability to block legislation using the filibuster .
Harkin said “ the abuse of the filibuster by Republicans is unprecedented ” and called it “ reckless . ”
Dean said “ Republicans have decided to wreck the system in order to get their way ” and taming the filibuster has become necessary in order for Democrats to effectively govern .
Republican leaders Sens. Bill Frist and Mitch McConnell threatened to abolish the filibuster just years ago in 2005 when they controlled the majority in Congress .
Now , the shoe is on the other foot , and they have no intention of letting it go .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Our problem is we ’re not tough enough , ” Dean said , alleging that Republicans would have passed their legislation using reconciliation if they faced a similar degree of opposition from Democrats .
“ Republicans are obstructionists , ” Dean said .
“ They have nothing to offer .
They have n’t offered anything . ”
During December ’s health care deliberations , Dean grew so frustrated with his party ’s willingness to dilute the legislation that after the public option and Medicare buy - in provisions were removed he declared , “ kill the Senate bill . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
After publicly sniping with the White House on the matter , he eventually tempered his stance and reluctantly agreed the Senate bill was an improvement , if a pyrrhic victory .
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Feb. 11 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
ADVERTISEMENT
Rachel Maddow ’s complete segment explaining why the filibuster should be eliminated follows :
Download video via RawReplay.com
After Luxembourg we rolled into our first city in Germany , Trier .
This little city actually contains some incredible Roman ruins ( yep they made it all the way up here ) , and for a time period was major seat of Rome .
The basilica located downtown was the throne room to one of the Roman Emporers , maybe Constantine but I can not remember his name .
Among other ruins are an semi restored Arena you can go and walk around in , Roman bathhouses and one of the best ruins the city has to offer , the Porta Negra ( black gate ) .
The porta negra is right downtown towering over the populace as they shuffle along to work .
One of the most interesting things I have found walking around Europe is the proximity to everyday life ancient ruins still are .
City 's here are just built on old cities and the ruins and monuments are part of everyday life .
After Trier we headed off to to the Mosell Valley , a picturesque area of Germany on the Mosell River .
They definetly know how to grow Reisling !
And to make sure we experienced all that we could , we sampled as many different winemakers as would allow .
Cochem was our first stop on the Mosell .
It was a beutiful old city complete with a castle overlooking the town .
We even ate at a restuarant that has been in operation since the 14th century .
It probably was the oldest bar / restaurant we have ever been to .
I should probably also explain that along the way we have been booking rooms either via Kayak.com or worldmate live ( a blackberry app ) .
Most of the time we have stayed at places called " pensions " , which is exactly like a bed and breakfast .
Old people retire and run these little places and they usually are the best bet for the money .
They are priced per person , so for both of us we usually pay about 60 euros , which including a nice breakfast is n't a bad price at all .
Ibus the european Motel 6 ( owned by same company Accor too ) , usually runs about this price or even a little more .
Smaller rooms , crappier beds ,
And no breakfast !
So in Cochem we walked to our pension and rang the bell .
As usual a little old man comes down and we tell him we have booked a room there .
He is incredibly nice and starts to show us to our room .
He then turns to us and asks us where we are from .
I say , like usual , we live in Seattle it is above California .
He responds to us that he was in America once , as a POW .
I started thinking hmm wait WHAT !!!
He told us he was captured in Italy in ' 45 and was sent to America for 2 years somewhere in NY .
He then said he was transfered to Britan where he was held for 2 more years and then took back to Germany .
Yep , an real life Nazi !
I was amazed to say the least .
We had breakfast with him the next day but I never did get much more information from him about the war or anything , but then I realized most older people here were most definetly in the Reich .
And they had no choice , the ones who were n't are dead .
After Cochem we attempted to walk to Beilstein .
We unfortunatly asked a tourist information booth as to the bes way to walk there .
She wound up telling us to take a trail through the vineyards that was really a death march .
It was high up and most of the trail wound through steep rocky cliff faces they grew wine on .
We wound up turning around and just grabbing a bus .
Beilstein is a tiny town on the Mosel that was n't connected by roads until the early 1900's .
It 's pristine and beutiful , and of course Rick Steves has been and wrote about it , and it is a perfect example of what I call the " Steve 's Effect " .
Beilstein before Rick had several pensions run by several families .
I am sure this made for a very pleasant stay .
Rick then came into the town , stayed at a pension run by the Lippmann family , and wrote about it in his book .
The flood of tourists after that who " wanted the Rick Steves experience " only stayed at the Lippmann 's pension .
The Lippmanns profited hugely from this , and now own almost all the Pensions in town .
Plus a hotel .
And a ton of restaurants .
Now you might think , hey who cares they are successfull .
Well we then got to enjoy how successful the Lippmans had become .
We ate at there restaurant ( you do n't have much of a choice ) , and the Lippman family was eating there too .
Every server was helping them , and of course paid no attention to us .
The food was bland and unexciting .
The Lippmans were loud and rude , laughing and running the waitress back and forth .
And why would they care ?
They were like the Boss Hogg of Beilstein .
Luckily we stayed at one of the few non-Lippmann pensions ( the Lippmans charged almost double for the " Rick Experience " .
I could only feel sorry for our pension , they worked hard and did a great affordable job , but did n't have the free international advertising the Lippmans so undeservably had gotten .
And for that I am sure they wo n't be around much longer ..
Anyways outside of the annoying Lippman family , the city was wonderful .
We walked up to there local church and enjoyed one of the best views I can remember of the Mosel .
A ton more has happened in Germany , and I will write about it soon !
Aufeitesein !
Speaking on the first day of the World Newspaper Congress in Hyderabad , India , Rupert Murdoch ’s US leader accused the press of being the " principal architect of its greatest difficulty today " .
He told the conference of more than 800 media delegates from 87 countries that those involved in the newspaper business had been " taken - in by the game - changing gospel " of digital evangelists , and asked " how can it be that the internet offered so much promise and so little profit ? "
He added : " We are allowing our journalism – billions of dollars worth of it every year – to leak onto the internet .
We are surrendering our hard - earned rights to the search engines and aggregators , and the out and out thieves of the digital age .
" It is time to pause and recognise this – free costs too much . "
Hinton , who used to oversee News International ’s British newspaper operation , including The Times and The Sun , urged the world ’s press to " beware of geeks bearing gifts " and said it was time to place a premium back on content .
" Because news costs , " he said .
" Because quality costs .
Because free sets the price too low .
Because free is n’t sustainable .
Because free is too expensive . "
The chief who has worked for Murdoch both in Australia and the United States and is widely regarded as one of the mogul ’s closest allies , questioned the " build it and they will come " philosophy regarding " eyeballs and advertisers " .
Using Google ’s video site YouTube by way of example , the chief executive said the company that defined viral on the web has had to start paying for quality , professional content [ like Channel 4 ] , after discovering not enough advertisers were willing to feature alongside " home videos of pet dogs having baths , or kids doing karaoke in their bedrooms " .
" Today , there is one thing we must agree about the content economy – the content economy that they tell us is over , " he said .
" That is , the one thing free news sites have in common with online newspapers … the one thing free news sites have in common with online newspapers … virtually none is making money . "
Hinton warned that even the advertisers which were initially lured by impressive clicks and page impressions , are now becoming more discriminating .
Drawing on a report called The Silent Click , by Comscore and the Online Publishers Association , Hinton said there was a disconnect between what brand marketers are now asking for in terms of quality measurement online – brand awareness , purchase intent , favourability – versus what publishers have been providing them with – click thrus , unique users and ad impressions .
" Ironically , what they now want is more ‘ old media ’ metrics they are used to getting from print and television , " he said .
" It supports what we have been saying all along : that audiences exposed to display advertising on high - quality content sites are more engaged , more favourable towards a brand , and are more likely to spend . "
In a call to arms the chief executive of Dow Jones , which owns Wall Street Journal , America ’s only major newspaper currently making a profit from charging for content online , called for publishers to find " new and better ways to meet the needs of their viewers , listeners , and readers " .
He added : " Let ’s face facts .
A business model that assumes we can’t charge for the content we produce assumes that our content has no value in the online market .
" In pure economic terms , such a business model has to mean one of two things :
Either there is no demand for the content or there are substitute suppliers of that content sufficient to drive the price almost to zero . "
Pointing to WSJ ’s more than two million paying subscribers , Hinton stated : " I do n’t believe it . "
Instead , he told publishers to " rationalise the lingering inefficiencies " and to " re-conceive our business in a less costly context " .
He concluded : " In the future , good journalism will depend on the ability of a news organisation to attract customers by providing news and information they are willing to pay for .
" Free costs too much .
Good content is valuable .
That has n’t changed .
It never will .
The question is who will provide the content and who will be compensated fairly for the value delivered . "
If you ’ve had problems when running the Processing IDE , or indeed any other Java Swing applications , under the xmonad window manager on Linux , here ’s the cure – just a simple edit to the ‘ processing ’ executable ( which is really just a shell script ) .
Open it in you favourite text editor , then select the following lines :
# JARs required from JDK ( anywhere in / below the JDK home directory ) JDKLIBS = " rt.jar tools.jar "
And paste the following in their place :
# Make us work with xmonad export AWT_TOOLKIT=MToolkit # JARs required from JDK ( anywhere in / below the JDK home directory ) JDKLIBS = " rt.jar tools.jar "
You should also be able to add the export line to your .xinitrc or your .
bash_profile , the former being more sensible if you never use X applications over a remote login .
For some reason , however , Processing seems to require the variable to be set every time it is run , hence we export it from the startup script .
JERUSALEM — On Nov. 28 , 1978 , as Iran was hurtling toward Islamic revolution , zoologist Mike Van Grevenbroek landed at Tehran 's Mehrabad Airport , coming from Tel Aviv , carrying a blow - dart gun disguised as a cane and secret orders from an Israeli general .
His mission : to capture four Persian fallow deer and deliver them to Israel before the shah 's government collapsed .
It ...
According to current research , almost half of Poles take out a loan at least once a year .
Loans are usually granted in the range from 1,000 to 5,000 PLN .
These loans are usually granted to people not only with the lowest income but also with an income above PLN 5,000 net .
Of course , people with a higher income claim higher amounts .
The calculations regarding the selection of the cheapest loan mainly include the total amount to be paid .
In the case of a loan of PLN 4,000 , the total amount to be paid may range from PLN 4,347 to 5,440 .
Which is quite a big difference and therefore it is worth getting acquainted with several offers and asking specific questions .
Payday companies direct lenders :
Fill in our form in 2 minutes
The best loan is definitely an online payday loan direct lender at https://green-touch.org/.
With us , the decision to grant a loan is granted within five minutes of submitting the application .
The loan can be used for any purpose , which avoids notifying the lender about what we used the money from the loan .
The loan period is also important when choosing a loan , it stays in the range from three months to even ten years , and everything depends on the borrower ’s needs .
The loan can be up to 20 times the borrower ’s income .
It is also worth taking care of the credit insurance package due to the future uncertainty , which will ensure repayment security .
It should also be remembered that the loan is available in three forms as a cash loan , credit line and credit card .
The loan should be possible to check , even through an online bank account .
Certainly , access to full credit information should be provided by a person in a bank position .
Due to the number of elements affecting the choice of credit
One should become familiar with many offers of various banks from which a choice will be made .
Of course , it will be best if the loan is cheap , and its amount and repayment time tailored to individual needs .
First of all , you should consider our financial ability to pay installments and the basic features of the loan ( ie APRC , insurance fees , the cost of additional services , the amount of the installment and its type , which products are included in the loan , the opportunity to take advantage of the promotion ) .
In the search for the best loan for us ,
Numerous online loan comparison websites will definitely help .
When creating this type of statement , the most often taken into account are such elements as the total cost of consolidation loan ( APRC ) , the maximum loan amount that can be taken , the maximum loan period and the waiting time for a credit decision , as as well as other attractive conditions .
The amount of the bank ’s commission for granting the loan is also important .
Of course , the final choice depends on the person concerned and his individual needs .
Everyone should calculate their own capabilities so that there is no problem with repayment of the loan .
Problems with credit can push the borrower into a spiral of debt , which rarely ends well .
Yesterday , just hours after the Senate voted 96 - 0 to confirm Martha Johnson as the Administrator of the GSA after a pointless 9 - month delay , we learned that Sen.
Richard Shelby from Alabama has placed a blanket hold on all nominees , including national security nominees , to use as leverage for some projects in his state .
He 's holding up 70 nominees , among them top intelligence officials at the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security .
According to the National Journal , he ’s holding them up until two defense contracts that would benefit interests in his state can be fast - tracked .
Let 's be clear : Sen .
Shelby is preventing qualified nominees who will help protect the American people from being confirmed .
He ’s not alone , though .
This is just the latest example of this kind opposition for opposition ’s sake that the President talked about earlier this week ..
This strategy of obstruction is preventing qualified people from doing their jobs on behalf of the American people and it ’s preventing real work from getting done in Washington .
Every minute spent needlessly blocking noncontroversial nominees , many of whom go on to be confirmed by 70 or more votes or by voice vote ( nine of the President ’s nominees so far ) , is a minute not spent on the issues that matter to American families .
As I noted yesterday , this is true of the legislative process , too .
The Senate cast more votes to break filibusters last year than in the entire 1950s and '60s combined , making it nearly impossible to come to agreement on key legislation .
Dan Pfeiffer is White House Communications Director
Our results indicate that this sort of journalistic fact - checking often fails to reduce misperceptions among ideological or partisan voters .
In some cases , we found that corrections can even make misperceptions worse .
For example , in one experiment we found that the proportion of conservatives who believed that President George W. Bush ’s tax cuts actually increased federal revenue grew from 36 percent to 67 percent when they were provided with evidence against this claim .
People seem to argue so vehemently against the corrective information that they end up strengthening the misperception in their own minds .
The debate over health care reform , which was marred by false and misleading claims about the plan ’s contents , provides a case study in how difficult it is to correct widely held misperceptions .
Democrats cite various reasons to think that public understanding of the plan will improve in the aftermath of its enactment , but none of them are particularly persuasive .
First , some Democrats have suggested that politicians and others responsible for the spread of false information will be discredited when their doomsday predictions fail to materialize .
Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey predicted on Monday that “ when this bill goes into effect , and none of the things Republicans warned about begin to happen  none of the death panels , none of the government takeover , none of the socialism  Republicans will have no credibility . ”
This is too optimistic .
While some provisions of the plan will start before November , the most far - reaching changes wo n’t take effect until 2014 .
False claims about the contents of the bill will just morph into harder - to - debunk predictions about the consequences of reform .
We ’ve seen this happen already with Sarah Palin ’s claim that her parents and baby would “ have to stand in front of Obama ’s ‘ death panel . ’ ”
After this claim was widely discredited in the press , some conservative pundits retreated to claims that future rationing of health care would amount to “ de facto death panels . ”
In addition , some have suggested that personal experience will change Americans ’ beliefs about health care reform .
But that reality will also take a long time to arrive for most voters .
It will be years before many people experience substantial changes in how their health care is paid for or delivered .
Even after the insurance expansion is complete , it ’s not clear that direct contact will correct the public ’s mistaken beliefs  remember the town hall participant who told a Republican congressman last summer to “ keep your government hands off my Medicare ” ?
Wauies - Hundespiel und Katzenspiel zugleich
Wer Hundespiele und Katzenspiele für PC mag , der wird von Wauies begeistert sein .
Erlebe Hunde Spiele Online und teste Katzen Spiele kostenlos in der beeindruckenden Spielkombination von Wauies .
Du kannst Katzen erziehen und dich um deine Hunde kümmern .
Dabei stehen dir tolle Spielmöglichkeiten zur Verfügung .
Schließlich kannst du nicht nur die Inneneinrichtung deines Ladens gestalten , sondern deine tierischen Lieblinge auch auf unterschiedlichste Weise umsorgen .
Spiele mit Hunden und Katzen , tausche dich mit Mitspielern aus , schließe virtuelle Freundschaften und erlebe die faszinierende Welt von Wauies .
Wer Hunde und Katzen Spiele kostenlos am PC spielen möchte , der kann sich hier nach Lust und Laune ausprobieren .
Neugierig geworden ?
Jetzt registrieren !
Before the Shoot :
Woo hoo !
I ’m in the car with Vid Dude and Jamie , on our way to shoot a heaps cool vi full of running , swimming and more running .
Oh , and I ’ve got fake guns too .
Ca n’t wait to see how this turns out !
After the Shoot :
Dude I am stufed !
But it was a heaps fun shoot , even though I smacked Jamie in the head , the water was freezing , and I got cuts from running through the bush !
Thanks Abby , for giving me the chance to be Lara Croft for a day !
Christiana for Abby Winters
WASHINGTON 
When he jousts with Congressional Republicans over health care policy during a televised meeting on Thursday , President Obama will seek to portray his adversaries as sharing many of the broad goals of his legislation and also strive to unify Congressional Democrats to press ahead and adopt a bill , senior White House officials and leading Democrats say .
But Mr. Obama , top
White House advisers and Congressional leaders of both parties are under no illusion that the meeting will resolve more than a half - century of disagreements over health care policy .
Instead , Democrats say , they hope the event will create a climate that helps revive their legislation in Congress and prove to the American public that they are willing to hear out Republicans and even adopt their ideas .
“ We may not be able to resolve all the disagreements , but we ought to be able to thrash out areas of broad agreement , ” said David Axelrod , Mr. Obama ’s senior adviser .
“ The fact is , there are broad areas of agreement on elements of this , and hopefully that will become apparent here . ”
Mr. Axelrod added , “ Sitting side by side working through these issues is better than not sitting side by side and dealing with distortions . ”
Are sales slow ?
Are your customers buying a single cheap item from your store and checking out ?
Does your store suffer from poor repeat business ?
Is your pricing strategy out of whack ?
Even though you might offer great products and write excellent product descriptions for your goods , it ’s not necessarily going to be enough to make your store a success .
Besides having an attractive storefront , there are many other aspects to selling that have nothing to do with your products or your website .
This article will explore the mental aspects of selling .
Here are 5 tips that should help you improve your sales .
Cover The Entire Range of Prices
Every customer that walks into your online store will have different objectives and price points , so it ’s important to offer high end products as well as low end ones to cover the entire range of customers you may encounter .
While the bulk of your sales will be concentrated at the low to middle end , the highest margin items will tend to be your higher priced items .
And by offering different price points in your shop , you can play some fun psychological pricing games .
For example , let ’s say you wanted to encourage customers to purchase Item A from your store because that product nets you the highest margins .
If you were to price Item A similarly with the rest of the items in Item A ’s category , then Item A would simply not stand out .
However , if you were to price the rest of your items extremely high and place them next to Item A in your shopping cart , then Item A would be perceived as an absolute bargain .
To put this into perspective , let ’s add a few numbers to the mix .
Let ’s say you were selling shirts and the shirts you wanted to move were 50 dollars .
By selling this shirt ( with a sale sign ) alongside other shirts that cost 80 , 90 , and even 100 dollars , customers would immediately perceive the 50 dollar shirt as a fantastic deal .
Inexpensive and cheap are all relative terms .
Make sure your “ relative ” prices are on the high end and you will net a higher profit .
The best part is that you can assume ahead of time that the 100 dollar shirts are n’t going to sell very well so you do n’t have to stock very many of them .
The 100 dollars shirts exist only to sell your main cash crops .
In our store , we put this principle into practice by offering higher priced linens to anchor and bolster the price of our bestsellers which has the effect of increasing our average order revenue .
Offer a Cheap Low Margin Product to Draw People In
( Raise your hand if you go to CostCo just for the hot dogs and end up buying a bunch of stuff : ) )
While you ’ll always encounter customers who will buy your cheap sale item and leave , you ’ll find that the majority of people will buy additional items along the way .
The trick here is to entice the customer into your store with an attractively priced product and then convince them to spend the extra money that they saved on something else in your store .
This tactic works very well .
In our shop , we have at least 1 item in every product category that is priced to move .
For example , in our linen napkin category we offer our cocktail napkins at a really low price .
And over the years , this low price has attracted many event and wedding planners to shop at our online store just for those cocktail napkins .
But since it ’s much easier for an event planner to get all of their napkins from the same vendor , they often order our higher priced linen dinner napkins too .
Retail shops like Walmart and Target use this tactic all the time to simply get you in the door .
How many times have you walked into Target intending to purchase just 1 item but then leave with a whole cart full ?
This happens to us all the time !
Offer Free Shipping on Orders Over a Certain Amount
After you ’ve been running your online store for a while , you ’ll start to notice that your average order size will fall within a certain , consistent range .
And when we first launched our online store , our average revenue per customer was in the low 30’s .
But over the years , we ’ve managed to increase this number well into the 50’s with 2 small , easy to implement tricks .
First off , we started bundling our products together to force customers to buy more .
And second , we set a free shipping threshold in our shopping cart .
By setting a threshold with which the savings start to kick in , customers are encouraged to buy more than they were planning to buy .
Try and set this free shipping or discount threshold at a price that is a small percentage ( 15 - 20 % ) over your current average order size and see what happens .
For example , if your average order size is 50 dollars , set this threshold at 60 dollars .
Often times , a customer will add one more item to their cart to break the savings barrier .
Cross sell your products
Most of your customers will not take the time to browse your entire store .
That is why you need to “ browse ” the store for them by displaying related items alongside the ones that they are already purchasing .
A quick and easy algorithm to implement on your shop is to simply display items that match items that other customers in the past have purchased with a particular product .
You can also further entice your customers by offering special discounts if certain items are purchased together .
I see Amazon use this tactic all the time and I always fall for it .
For example , just the other day when I went to purchase my 4 drive NAS , Amazon recommended hard drives to go with it that I immediately snatched up .
Cross sells and upsells work amazingly well .
Give Out Coupons Redeemable In The Future
I see stores like the Gap and Old Navy do this all the time .
They give out coupons that are only active 2 weeks into the future .
This encourages people to come back at a set time in the future to purchase additional items .
Setting the discount date in the future gives you time to plan out your pricing strategies for your future sales .
For example , you might choose to temporarily raise the prices of your best sellers during the sale while leaving the prices of the products you want to dump at the same prices .
While we ’re not a big fan of giving out coupons in general , using this tactic along with a well timed and targeted email on the day of sale will drive customers to your shop for a quick payout !
It ’s All a Mind Game
The key benefit of all of these strategies is that the customer will feel like they got a great deal and your profits will increase at the same time .
The best part is that all of these tactics are super easy to implement and will improve your sales immediately .
Give them a try and let me know how they work out for you .
For our online store , it ’s been a win win situation .
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
A study with 90 young women aged between 16 and 22 found that almost 60 per cent were vitamin D insufficient , and that muscle fat levels were higher in these women , compared with women with normal vitamin D levels , according to findings published in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism . ​
The findings are said to be the first to show a clear link between Vitamin D levels and the accumulation of fat in muscle tissue , and add to an ever growing body of science supporting the benefits of maintaining healthy vitamin D levels .
In adults , it is said vitamin D deficiency may precipitate or exacerbate osteopenia , osteoporosis , muscle weakness , fractures , common cancers , autoimmune diseases , infectious diseases and cardiovascular diseases .
There is also some evidence that the vitamin may reduce the incidence of several types of cancer and type - 1 diabetes .
“ Obviously this subject requires more study , ” ​ said lead researcher , Dr Richard Kremer from McGill University in Canada .
“ We do n't yet know whether Vitamin D supplementation would actually result in less accumulation of fat in the muscles or increase muscle strength .
We need more research before we can recommend interventions .
We need to take things one step at a time . ” ​
Study details ​
In collaboration with Dr Vincente Gilsanz from the University of Southern California , the McGill researchers recruited the young Californian women and measured blood levels of 25 - hydroxyvitamin D ( 25 ( OH ) D ) , the non-active ' storage ' form of the vitamin , as well as levels of fat , muscle mass , and percent muscle fat .
Results showed that almost 60 per cent of the women had insufficient levels , equivalent to blood levels lower than 29 nanograms per millilitre , of which 24 per cent were classed as vitamin D deficient ( levels below 20 ng / ml ) .
Vitamin D levels were found to be strongly linked to the percent of fat in muscle , with lower D levels resulting in higher fat content .
“ This reciprocal association between vitamin D status and muscle fat was not previously reported and is unexplained and intriguing , ” ​ wrote the researchers in the JECM .
The researchers noted surprise at their findings since the women were all healthy young women living in California , with adequate exposure to sunshine .
“ We are not yet sure what is causing vitamin D insufficiency in this group , ” ​ said Dr Kremer .
“ High levels of vitamin D could help reduce body fat .
Or , fat tissues might absorb or retain vitamin D , so that people with more fat are likely to also be vitamin D deficient . ” ​
This study was funded by a grant from the National Institutes of Health , the U.S , Department of the Army , the Canadian Institutes of Health Research ( CIHR ) , the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada ( NSERC ) and the Dimensional Fund Advisors Canada Inc .
Data on D ​
Vitamin D refers to two biologically inactive precursors - D3 , also known as cholecalciferol , and D2 , also known as ergocalciferol .
The former , produced in the skin on exposure to UVB radiation ( 290 to 320 nm ) , is said to be more bioactive .
While our bodies do manufacture vitamin D on exposure to sunshine , the levels in some northern countries are so weak during the winter months that our body makes no vitamin D at all , meaning that dietary supplements and fortified foods are seen by many as the best way to boost intakes of vitamin D .
Source : Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism ​
Published online ahead of print , doi: doi:10.1210/jc.2009-2309
“ Vitamin D Status and Its Relation to Muscle Mass and Muscle Fat in Young Women ” ​
Authors : V. Gilsanz , A. Kremer , A.O. Mo , T.A.L. Wren , R. Kremer
Thanks for visiting Ultimate Money Blog !
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed .
This is the best laundry detergent recipe I have used !
It was very simple to make , turned out well , and I love that it ’s got all natural ingredients !
I have sensitive skin and this has worked fantastically .
I used to use All Free and Clear but now this is my one and only laundry detergent .
Before I started , I gathered up the following supplies :
A pot to melt the soap in
Bar of soap ( I chose Ivory soap because it is non irritating )
1 gallon jug
Trash can to store laundry detergent in
1 box of Washing Soda
1 box Borax
Long handled spoon to stir mixture
Where do you buy washing soda ?
It was a little tough to find , but my local grocery store carried it in the laundry detergent aisle .
I called 1-800-524-1328 , put in my zip code , and it told me where I could find it .
Here is the recipe for dry laundry detergent :
2 1/2 ounces soap bars , grated into flakes ( Approx . a half a bar of soap )
1 cup borax
1 cup washing soda
Here ’s the homemade laundry detergent recipe for liquid laundry detergent :
1 bar of soap of your choice
1 cup washing soda
½ cup borax
My first step was to almost boil about 4 - 5 cups of water , and shave the bar of soap into the water , stirring occasionally .
Once that was done , I let it sit on the stove while I poured three gallons of hot water into my trash can .
I then measured out 1 cup of washing soda and 1/2 cup of borax .
I took the hot soap mixture , added it to the water in my trash can , and stirred until it looked pretty evenly distributed .
Then I slowly added my 1 cup of washing soda until that was dissolved , and then did the same to the borax .
That ’s it .
Fairly simple .
I ’m going to let it sit and get cool before I try to use it .
It ’s pretty liquid right now .
I have a front loading high efficiency ( HE ) washing machine .
I ’m use about a half a cup of this for my laundry loads .
Twice a month , we revisit some of our readers ’ favorite posts from throughout the history of Nettuts +.
This tutorial was first published in February , 2010 .
MooTools is one of the most flexible , modular , and well written JavaScript frameworks available .
So many people use it but many of them do n't optimize their code .
This post will provide you with fifteen simple tips for making your MooTools code shorter , faster , and stronger .
1.Create Your Own MooTools Build or Pull From Google AJAX Libraries
One of the great advantages to using MooTools is that it 's incredibly modular .
What does that mean ?
Almost nothing is required unless you need it .
The advantage of MooTools ' modularity is that your limited , custom MooTools build can keep your JavaScript load time short .
Want to create a custom MooTools build for your next project ?
Follow these steps :
Go to http://mootools.net/core ( and / or http://mootools.net/more if you 'd like additional plugins )
Select the plugins of your choosing .
Do n't worry about accounting for dependencies -- the plugin builder does that for you !
Select the compression option of your choosing -- the YUI Compressor will provide the you with the smallest possible build of MooTools
That 's it !
Sometimes , however , your project requires the entire MooTools Core library .
In that case , your website can save itself thousands
of requests per day by using the Google AJAX Libraries complete build of MooTools .
You may do this two ways :
This first method simply includes MooTools into the page per normal .
The second method allows more functionality and performance :
What 's great about using the Google AJAX Libraries API is that if another website uses the AJAX Library API , that version of MooTools is already cached within their browser and the site will load faster !
2. Use jQuery and MooTools Together
While it 's best to stick to one library in a given page to avoid a bunch of overhead , sometimes you can't avoid needing multiple frameworks .
Luckily MooTools can coexist with any non-prototype - based JavaScript frameworks .
Here 's how you can use jQuery and MooTools in the same page :
Thanks to MooTools ' Dollar Safe Mode , MooTools no longer assumes the " $ " method if it 's already taken !
3. Save Elements and Element Collections
Developers often need to collect one element or a collection of elements .
For example , you may need to grab all A elements within the page , change their color , and create tooltips from them .
The code above is grossly inefficient .
Why query the DOM twice ( with $ $ ) if you can collect all of the elements once ?
Let 's make this more efficient :
You could make this even shorter , but it 's not as readable :
Readability is important , so I would n't recommend coding this way if you work with a team .
4. Use Element Methods on Element Collections
Cycling through an array of elements is not unique to any JavaScript framework :
What many developers are n't aware that Element collections have the same methods as Elements , so there 's no need to cycle through them -- simply apply the desired functionality to the collection :
Note that the " this " keyword is used to reference the " current " element within the collection , not the collection itself .
5. Use MooTools Alias
MooTools ' " alias " method allows you to rename or alias an existing method .
Take the following snippet of code which is currently in the MooTools Core source :
The above code lets you call the each method instead of forEach .
Using each is more readable , a quiet standard between most JavaScript frameworks , and it even saves you a few bytes in your code .
If you prefer to give MooTools ' Native or Class methods a custom name , feel free to !
For example , the Element Class ' method for removing an Element form the DOM is :
Suppose your web app is about a given topic and you 'd like to stay within that terminology for your code .
Here are a few examples :
Whatever your reasons are for calling a method by a different name , just do n't be afraid to do so !
6. Create Custom Pseudo Selectors
Accessing a collection of Elements in the DOM is a core responsibility of any JavaScript framework .
Unfortunately it can also be taxing and the pseudo selectors you want are n't always available .
Luckily MooTools allows you to easily implement your own pseudo selectors !
Let's
create a pseudo selector named " disabled " that returns an element if it 's disabled .
Simply add your selector to the Selectors .
Pseudo object .
If the new pseudo 's function returns " true " , the element is a match and will be returned .
Defining you own pseudo selectors is a great way to take control of your selectors !
7. Implement Methods on Existing Objects
MooTools ' philosophy is that it 's acceptable , even encouraged , to modify Native ( String , Function , Number , etc. ) prototypes when needed .
Implementing new methods on these Natives will empower them even more .
Let 's create a String method that will turn any string of text into
" tweet " format ( add links for @reply 's , links , etc. ) :
Now you can call " toTweet " on any string and you 'll get the string back as a " tweet " .
Here are a few examples :
Implementing custom methods on Objects strengthens every existing and future instance of that object .
8. Extend Existing Classes
MooTools ' OOP philosophy allows for a super - powerful inheritance model .
Extending existing classes allows you to avoid repeating code , empower existing objects , and leverage existing functionality .
MooTools Core , More , and your custom classes extend existing functionality .
Consider the Request class :
Then consider Request .
JSONP , which extends Request :
You see how small the Request .
JSONP class is ?
By adding Extends : Request , the Request .
JSONP class gets all of the Request Class ' methods .
Essentially , this small snippet of code becomes a powerhouse because it extends Request .
You can even add extensions to extensions .
Now consider Request .
JSONP and then Scott Kyle 's Request .
Twitter class :
... and now Request .
Twitter :
You see how a waterfall effect of extending objects can make the smallest of classes an absolute beast of a class ?
Experiment with MooTools ' inheritance model and do n't repeat code !
9. Create Custom Events
I 've already explained how flexible the MooTools selector engine is , the class system is , and how modular the framework is .1
Why would you expect anything different from MooTools ' event system ?
Creating custom events within MooTools is as simple as it gets .
Here 's a basic outline of your MooTools custom event :
Here 's a great example of a custom event -- listening for " alt " and " click " at the same time :
Or you can simply define a custom event so that a specific function executes any time that type of event is assigned .
In my next example , any time a click event is assigned to an element , that element 's cursor will be automatically changed to the " pointer " cursor .
You 'll notice that if the click event is removed , the original cursor will be restored .
10 . jQuery - Style Events
While the MooTools event sytax is different from jQuery 's , it does n't have to be !
With a minimal amount of JavaScript you can make MooTools ' event syntax reflect jQuery's .
MooTools holds all of its events in the Element .
NativeElements object :
Essentially all you need to do is cycle through each element type and implement a method on the Element class , named like the event type ,
that simulates what addEvent does :
Now you can listen for events like :
11 . Add Events During Element Creation
If you have experience coding with MooTools , at some point you 've no doubt created an element and subsequently added events to it :
There 's nothing wrong with the above , per say , but you could just add those events during element creation :
12 . Implement Events Within Classes
Extending classes was discussed in tip # 8 above .
Now let 's explore the * implement * functionality within MooTools classes .
What 's the difference ?
MooTools contributor Mark Obcena says it best in his article titled Up The Moo Herd IV : There 's A Class For This :
MooTools has two built - in mutators : Extends and Implements .
The Extends mutator takes the class name passed on to it and makes the new class inherit directly from it , while Implements takes the class ( or classes ) passed and adds their methods to the new class ( or mixes them in — thus mixin ) .
With the difference between extending and implementing , let 's get back to it .
Implementing events within your MooTools classes can make your classes much more flexible .
Consider the following simple Overlay class :
Sure the class does what it 's supposed to but it is n't nearly as flexible it could be .
Now let 's implement onClick , onClose , on Hide , onOpen , and onShow events :
What 's great about adding events to a class is that events allow your to give more options and trigger functionality when our class methods execute .
In the above example , you can execute any functionality when the overlay opens , closes , shows , hides , or gets clicked .
Essentially you added two tiny snippets of code to the class :
... and the following wherever you 'd like an event to be signaled ...
So how can you control these events when you create an instance of the class ?
Add them in the options like this :
You'd be hard pressed to find a class that would n't benefit from implementing events !
13 . Use Event Delegation
Event delegation is the process of adding an event to a parent for all of its children instead of assigning the event to each individual child .
The advantage of event delegation is that you may add child elements to the parent element without needing to assign the event to that new element .
If you choose to remove the event , you need only remove it from one element .
So , instead of :
... you do this :
Do n't let the " : relay ( ) " pseudo - syntax fool you ; Element .
Delegation rewrites the event methods to accommodate for : relay .
14 . Use Class.toElement
One hidden gem within MooTools ' Class is the Class .
toElement method .
Class.toElement plays a small role but can help you out when it comes to accessing the primary element within a class , especially if you do n't know what that element is otherwise .
Implementing toElement on your class is easy :
Once you have toElement defined , you can use your class just like an element :
Look at that -- a class virtually manipulated by Element methods .
15 . " return this " Within Methods For Chainability
So we 've all seen how the JavaScript frameworks allow you to chain the hell out of methods .
Chaining looks like this :
Holy chaining Batman !
Want your classes to chain forever ?
No problem -- all you need to do is return " this " :
Since you placed return this in each method , now you can do :
Make sure to return this wherever it makes sense .
Doing so can make your Class much easier to work with and your code will be shorter !
BONUS !
Use Fx Shortcuts on Elements
MooTools effects are unarguably the smoothest of any JavaScript framework .
The Fx library also provides loads of control through numerous options .
Let 's take a look at a basic
Tween which fades an element to 50 % :
Did you know you did n't need to type out all of this ?
You could use element shortcuts like :
The above snippets , of course , rely on you wanting to use the default options .
You can actually set custom options for these shortcut methods per element :
Save your self a few bytes by using Fx shortcuts !
MooTools FTW !
Hopefully I 've given you some tips to improve your MooTools JavaScript code , making it shorter , faster , and stronger .
Have some of your own tips to share ?
Place them in the comments below !
If videogames are to attract an even wider audience , they need to evolve , making gameplay easier and more natural even as storylines become more engaging .
Heavy Rain is a big , awkward lurch in the right direction .
An intense , serial - killer mystery in the style of movies like Se7en and The Silence of the Lambs , this PlayStation 3 game boldly merges hard - core production values with casual game design .
The Mature - rated Heavy Rain packs all the trimmings of a game designed for niche hobbyists , from hyper - realistic characters to occasionally gruesome violence .
But the gameplay underneath proves as simple as the wrapping is extravagant , making the game an " interactive drama " of interleaved plot points and branching paths that 's simple enough for anyone to play and enjoy .
Lifelong gamers might recoil at the notion , but this gameplay evolution must happen .
We 're well into the era of games - for - everyone , where if dinner is n't on the table it 's because mom is too busy playing FarmVille .
But what if she 's in the mood to trade in cartoon cows for adult drama ?
There 's practically nothing to serve this expanding audience .
That 's why games like Heavy Rain are going to be a big part of gaming 's future .
Heavy Rain , which will be released Tuesday in North America , is not perfect .
But it 's a successful experiment .
And when it 's good , it 's good in ways that traditional games rarely touch .
( Spoiler alert : Minor Heavy Rain spoilers follow . )
Heavy Rain puts you in control of four characters following the trail of the Origami Killer , whose young victims are always found clutching a tiny piece of papercraft .
A private eye and an FBI agent are trying to crack the case , a reporter is chasing a scoop and a father is playing the killer 's sick games in hopes of saving his son .
There 's little need to memorize the game 's controls , since every possible action you can take is telegraphed by small button prompts that appear onscreen .
If you can open a door , a small arrow will appear , letting you know to press the joystick in the given direction .
Same deal if you can pick up something off a counter , talk to a witness or sneak up behind someone and bash them over the head – if you can do it , there 's a visual prompt on the screen telling you that you can .
But the prompts do n't tell you if you should take any given action .
That 's part of the challenge : Heavy Rain 's story can take all sorts of twists and turns based largely on your choices .
Although characters can die , you can't ever get a Game Over – you 'll keep playing until the end of the story .
Heavy Rain 's challenges are n't simply cerebral .
Many action scenes play out with Quick Time Events , in which you press the buttons shown within a brief window .
Other , slower scenes force you to hold a series of buttons on the controller simultaneously , playing Twister with your fingers as your character attempts to do some sort of complex physical action , like picking a lock or sneaking through barbed wire .
In short , Heavy Rain 's gameplay is entirely based on responding to button prompts , like an elaborate game of Simon says .
But it 's often done in such a way that you feel closely connected with the character 's onscreen actions .
The button - holding segments described above are easy to fail if your fingers slip , so there 's a real sense of precariousness about each situation .
For all of its fast - paced , high - drama action sequences , Heavy Rain truly sets itself apart by turning mundane real life into a videogame .
You might cradle a baby to sleep by rocking the joystick very slowly , or dab antiseptic on someone 's cuts by gently depressing a button .
One early scene sees a character home alone with his son , in charge of getting him to do his homework , eat his dinner and go to bed .
Gamers anxious to get to the action might disagree , but I found this to be one of the most entertaining parts of the game :
It felt like stepping into someone else 's life .
Like everything else in Heavy Rain , the scene was brief enough that by the time the novelty had faded , it was over and something else was happening .
It 's the Dan Brown school of storytelling , a fast - paced , Da Vinci Code - style narrative in which each chapter takes just a few minutes , leaving you on a mini-cliffhanger and switching perspective for the next segment .
Once the intrigue picks up and the chase is on , you do n't want to stop playing .
If it were a film , Heavy Rain 's story would n't exactly win an Oscar .
But having control of events , and a personal connection to the characters , makes it seem that much more interesting .
I was hooked .
Control is the tightrope that Heavy Rain walks .
On the one hand , I found myself intoxicated by the control I had over the story .
On the other , this gameplay is defined by what the player cannot do .
You do n't choose who to play as , where to go next , what rooms to enter , who to interrogate .
The plot just moves itself along , placing you in a linear series of brief encounters .
This keeps the game casual :
It eliminates nearly all of the possibility that someone will get bored , stuck or frustrated .
So what 's wrong ?
A lot of little things that add up .
Walking around is awkward ; you end up turning in little circles a lot .
Although the characters ' faces look as realistic as we can expect from modern games , the environments can be oddly sterile and artificial , as if these people are living in PlayStation Home .
And although you can go back and replay previous chapters to tweak the storyline , I found the interface for this feature confusing .
After all the maneuvering , the story falls apart a little bit near the end .
The big whodunit reveal is awesome – it manages to be both totally unexpected and entirely consistent with the story .
But the final sequences are n't as pleasing .
Since the game can take so many different twists and turns depending on how you play , there have to be many , many different endings .
Heavy Rain 's solution is to split up the ending into a slew of brief , disconnected vignettes .
It does n't feel like a proper denouement – more like watching a YouTube playlist .
Heavy Rain is n't going to find a brand - new audience all by itself .
For one thing , only hard - core gamers own a PlayStation 3 in the first place .
This game is on the wrong platform , with the wrong input device – a controller designed in 1994 .
But years from now , we 'll start seeing game designers citing Heavy Rain as an inspiration .
More - polished games in this style will come along , the controls will be refined , the audience will follow .
For now , this game is like a window opened just a crack , a tiny aperture that occasionally allows vivid glimpses of the future of videogames .
When Heavy Rain works its magic , it is powerful stuff ; rarely have I felt so attached to game characters or so invested in a story .
For those small moments , anyone who cares about videogames must play Heavy Rain .
WIRED Engrossing story , clever casual controls , beautiful motion - captured faces .
TIRED Occasionally artificial environments , clunky walking , fractured ending .
$ 60 , Sony
Rating :
Read Game|Life 's game ratings guide .
See Also :
As I was reading recently about China ’s tens of millions of “ excess ” men — thanks to that nation ’s one - child policy — I came across yet another interesting development .
The far - reaching social impact of families with no siblings is the subject of an article by Nicholas Eberstadt in the December issue of the Far Eastern Economic Review .
Single - child families are increasingly common in China , where urban couples especially are forbidden to have more , and this is giving rise to a strange new phenomenon in which “ only ” children are growing up , marrying and giving birth to another “ only ” child , Mr. Eberstadt , a scholar at American Enterprise Institute , writes in “ China ’s Family Planning Goes Awry . ”
“ In such families , ” he writes , “ children will have no siblings , uncles , aunts or cousins .
Their only blood relatives will be ancestors and descendants . ”
How big a trend is this in China ?
By 2011 , single children will make up almost 25 percent of China ’s urban adults aged 25 to 49 , Mr. Eberstadt says .
By 2020 , this figure could rise to 42 percent and by 2030 reach 58 percent .
“ The emergence of what we might term the ‘ kin - less family ’ is expected to pose extraordinary challenges , ” he adds .
“ After all , Chinese culture is predicated on the existence of robust and extensive family bonds . ”
I would say that ’s true of all healthy nations .
As author and former Education Secretary Bill Bennett has said , the nuclear family — with two parents and children , plural — is “ the first , the best and the original department of health , education , and welfare . ”
Here in America , the fertility rate is an estimated 2.1 children per woman .
This means the vast majority of children have at least one sibling .
However , I am guessing that most Americans do not understand the great value of siblings .
After all , there has been only modest research on sibling relationships , and probably the most popular word that comes to mind with “ sibling ” is “ rivalry . ”
But the benefits of having brothers and sisters are breathtakingly important .
Siblings often are one ’s only lifelong companions .
A spouse typically enters one ’s life after adolescence .
Parents are around for the beginning and middle of life but generally not the end .
Even the dearest of friends can come and go .
For many people , only their brothers and sisters are with them through every season of life .
In addition , siblings affect one another ’s lives in profound ways .
At least one study has shown that children spend a third of their time with their siblings , more than is spent with parents , friends or by themselves .
All that time together means children learn myriad life lessons , such as how to ask nicely for what you want , share when you do n’t want to , and generally how to get along with other people .
After all , friends can go home in a huff , but sisters and brothers are still there , morning , noon and night .
Healthy sibling relationships pay off : Studies have shown that children who learned conflict - resolution skills at home demonstrated those skills in school .
And even if there are sibling rivalries , many of those conflicts mellow with time .
In fact , people with siblings have “ higher life satisfaction and lower rates of depression in old age , ” the Ohio Department of Aging notes .
Historian and author Allan Carlson includes “ the right to siblings ” in a list of things that children truly need .
These “ children ’s rights , ” enumerated in a 2001 speech at a World Congress of Families meeting , include : ( 1 ) the right to a mother ; ( 2 ) the right to a father ; ( 3 ) the right to a home built on marriage ; ( 4 ) the right to siblings , brothers and sisters ; ( 5 ) the right to ancestors ; ( 6 ) the right to a posterity through future children of their own ; ( 7 ) the right to religious faith ; ( 8 ) the right to live in a healthy , vital community ; ( 9 ) the right to innocence ; and ( 10 ) the right to a tradition .
In sum , not only do children need brothers and sisters , but every family tree needs a bounty of aunts , uncles and cousins .
The fewer bare branches , the better .
• Cheryl Wetzstein can be reached at cwetzstein@washingtontimes.com .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The Georgian national Olympic committee and its athletes have announced that they will wear black arm bands in tonight 's opening ceremony for the 2010 Games .
A black patch will fly on the Georgian flag , and the Canadian and Olympic flags will be flown at half - mast .
This comes after Georgian luge competitor Nodar Kumaritashvili died in a training accident at the Whistler Sliding Centre shortly before the Olympics began .
Vanoc CEO
John Furlong will honor the deceased athlete during the opening cermony , according to a statement issued by the organizing committee .
The B.C. Coroners Service and the RCMP are leading the investigation into Kumaritashvili 's death .
The International Luge Federation is conducting a second investigation .
Follow Charlie Smith on Twitter at twitter.com /csmithstraight .
It 's a horrible , unspeakable tragedy that gets you right in the core of your humanity .
The poorest country in the Western Hemisphere is flattened by a huge earthquake .
Hundreds of thousands killed , thousands of children orphaned , more than 1.5 million now homeless .
Bodies of the dead are lain in the street to be bulldozed into mass graves while machete - wielding gangs fight for the scarce resources .
The pain , the fear , the sense of hopelessness is palpable .
It is now incumbent upon all of us , as fellow humans , to lend a hand and help the Haitians .
And in a rare show of humanity , broadcast and cable television outlets have agreed to pre-empt their regular programming to air the Hope For Haiti Now Global TV Telethon .
Except for Fox News Channel .
Our crack C&L team has checked around the dial and compiled a list of channels participating :
CBS
ABC
NBC
CW
FOX
TNT
Weather Channel
MSNBC
CNBC
CNN
HBO
Showtime
Major League Baseball Network
Style Network
E! Entertainment Network
ReelzChannel
TNT
Comedy Central
Oxygen
Soap Opera channel
Bravo
National Geographic Channel
Sleuth
G4
CMT
TV1
BET
MTV
MTV2
VH1
GMC
FUSE
Current
PBS
It 's even streaming live on IMDb , Hulu and YouTube .
But not for FNC or their sister business channel .
They 're showing Billo and crew .
I guess that tells you exactly what you need to know about Fox 's responsibility as a " news " channel .
The Hope For Haiti fundraiser will distribute donations to the following organizations : The Clinton Bush Haiti Fund , United Nations World Food Programme , Oxfam America , Partners in Health , the Red Cross , Unicef , and Wyclef ’s Yele Haiti Foundation .
If you have not yet donated , please consider doing so now .
ABC is expected to make a major round of cuts Wednesday morning in an attempt to make up for its continued loss in ad revenue .
According to the LA Times , ABC News will first ask employees to volunteer to take buyouts and leave .
If 300 positions are not vacated , the media group will resort to layoffs .
The layoffs will cut 20 % of the 1,400 - person newsroom , forcing remaining employees to take on additional work .
From the LA Times :
Forced to belt - tighten by the weak advertising market , network executives have opted to restructure the labor - heavy newsroom from top to bottom in favor of a leaner , more nimble operation , according to multiple sources .
Many of those remaining in the pared - down news division will be expected to both produce and shoot their own stories , acting as “ one - man bands , ” a model increasingly being adopted in television news .
ABC News hopes that " becoming more nimble " they can ward off layoffs in the near - future .
Read more at the LA Times .
MessagePack for C# ( . NET , .NET Core , Unity , Xamarin )
The extremely fast MessagePack serializer for C# .
It is 10 x faster than MsgPack - Cli and outperforms other C# serializers .
MessagePack for C# also ships with built - in support for LZ4 compression - an extremely fast compression algorithm .
Performance is important , particularly in applications like game development , distributed computing , microservice architecture , and caching .
MessagePack has compact binary size and full set of general purpose expression .
Please see the comparison with JSON , protobuf , ZeroFormatter section .
If you want to know why MessagePack C# is fastest , please see performance section .
Installation
The library provides in NuGet except for Unity .
Standard library for .
NET Framework 4.5 , .NET Standard 1.6 and .NET Standard 2.0 ( . NET
Core , Xamarin ) .
Install - Package MessagePack
Visual Studio Analyzer to help object definition
Install - Package MessagePackAnalyzer
Extension Packages ( info is see extensions section ) .
Install - Package MessagePack.ImmutableCollection Install - Package MessagePack.ReactiveProperty Install - Package MessagePack.UnityShims Install - Package MessagePack.AspNetCoreMvcFormatter
for Unity , download from releases page , providing .unitypackage .
Unity IL2CPP or Xamarin AOT
Environment , check the pre-code generation section .
Quick Start
Define class and mark as [ MessagePackObject ] and public members ( property or field ) mark as [ Key ] , call MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize<T>/Deserialize<T> .
ToJson helps dump binary .
// mark MessagePackObjectAttribute [ MessagePackObject ] public class MyClass { //
Key is serialization index , it is important for versioning .
[ Key ( 0 ) ] public int Age { get ; set ; } [ Key ( 1 ) ] public string FirstName { get ; set ; } [ Key ( 2 ) ] public string LastName { get ; set ; } // public members and does not serialize target , mark IgnoreMemberttribute [ IgnoreMember ] public string FullName { get { return FirstName +
LastName ; } } } class Program { static void Main ( string [ ] args ) { var mc = new MyClass {
Age = 99 , FirstName = " hoge " , LastName = " huga " , } ; // call Serialize / Deserialize , that 's all .
var bytes = MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize ( mc ) ; var mc2 = MessagePackSerializer .
Deserialize < MyClass >( bytes ) ; // you can dump msgpack binary to human readable json .
//
In default , MeesagePack for C# reduce property name information . // [ 99 , " hoge " , " huga " ] var json = MessagePackSerializer .
ToJson ( bytes ) ; Console .
WriteLine ( json ) ; } }
By default the attribute is required .
Optionally it can be unnecessary , see Object Serialization section and Formatter Resolver section for details .
Analyzer
MessagePackAnalyzer helps object definition .
Attributes , accessibility etc are detected and it becomes a compiler error .
If you want to allow a specific type ( for example , when registering a custom type ) , put MessagePackAnalyzer.json at the project root and make the Build Action to Additional Files .
This is a sample of the contents of MessagePackAnalyzer.json .
[ " MyNamespace . FooClass " , " MyNameSpace . BarStruct " ]
Built - in support types
These types can serialize by default .
Primitives ( int , string , etc... ) , Enum , Nullable <> , TimeSpan , DateTime , DateTimeOffset , Nil , Guid , Uri , Version , StringBuilder , BitArray , ArraySegment <> , BigInteger , Complext , Task , Array [ ] , Array [ , ] , Array [ , , ] , Array [ , , , ] , KeyValuePair < , > , Tuple< , ...> , ValueTuple < , ...> , List<> , LinkedList<> , Queue<> , Stack <> , HashSet<> , ReadOnlyCollection <> , IList<> , ICollection <> , IEnumerable <> , Dictionary < , > , IDictionary < , > , SortedDictionary < , > , SortedList < , > , ILookup < , > , IGrouping < , > , ObservableCollection <> , ReadOnlyOnservableCollection <> , IReadOnlyList<> , IReadOnlyCollection <> , ISet <> , ConcurrentBag<> , ConcurrentQueue<> , ConcurrentStack<> , ReadOnlyDictionary < , > , IReadOnlyDictionary < , > , ConcurrentDictionary < , > , Lazy <> , Task <> , custom inherited ICollection <> or IDictionary < , > with paramterless constructor , IList , IDictionary and custom inherited ICollection or IDictionary with paramterless constructor ( includes ArrayList and Hashtable ) .
You can add custom type support and has some official / third - party extension package .
for ImmutableCollections ( ImmutableList <> , etc ) , for ReactiveProperty and for Unity ( Vector3 , Quaternion , etc... ) , for F#( Record , FsList , Discriminated Unions , etc ... ) .
Please see extensions section .
MessagePack .
Nil is built - in null / void / unit representation type of MessagePack for C# .
Object Serialization
MessagePack for C# can serialze your own public Class or Struct .
Serialization target must marks [ MessagePackObject ] and [ Key ] .
Key type can choose int or string .
If key type is int , serialized format is used array .
If key type is string , serialized format is used map .
If you define [ MessagePackObject ( keyAsPropertyName : true ) ] , does not require KeyAttribute .
[ MessagePackObject ] public class Sample1 { [ Key ( 0 ) ] public int Foo { get ; set ; } [ Key ( 1 ) ] public int Bar { get ; set ; } } [ MessagePackObject ] public class Sample2 { [ Key ( " foo " ) ] public int
Foo { get ; set ; } [ Key ( " bar " ) ] public int Bar { get ; set ; } } [ MessagePackObject ( keyAsPropertyName : true ) ] public class Sample3 { // no needs KeyAttribute public int Foo { get ; set ; } //
If ignore public member , you can use IgnoreMemberAttribute [ IgnoreMember ] public int Bar { get ; set ; } } // [ 10,20 ] Console .
WriteLine ( MessagePackSerializer .
ToJson ( new Sample1 { Foo = 10 , Bar = 20 } ) ) ; // { " foo " : 10 , " bar " : 20} Console .
WriteLine ( MessagePackSerializer .
ToJson ( new Sample2 { Foo = 10 , Bar = 20 } ) ) ; // { " Foo " : 10} Console .
WriteLine ( MessagePackSerializer .
ToJson ( new Sample3 { Foo = 10 , Bar = 20 } ) ) ;
All patterns serialization target are public instance member ( field or property ) .
If you want to avoid serialization target , you can add [ IgnoreMember ] to target member .
target class must be public , does not allows private , internal class .
Which should uses int key or string key ?
I recommend use int key because faster and compact than string key .
But string key has key name information , it is useful for debugging .
MessagePackSerializer requests target must put attribute is for robustness .
If class is grown , you need to be conscious of versioning .
MessagePackSerializer uses default value if key does not exists .
If uses int key , should be start from 0 and should be sequential .
If unnecessary properties come out , please make a missing number .
Reuse is bad .
Also , if Int Key 's jump number is too large , it affects binary size .
[ MessagePackObject ] public class IntKeySample { [ Key ( 3 ) ] public int A { get ; set ; } [ Key ( 10 ) ] public int B { get ; set ; } } // [ null,null, null,0,null,null,null,null,null, null,0 ]
Console .
WriteLine ( MessagePackSerializer .
ToJson ( new IntKeySample ( ) ) ) ;
I want to use like JSON .
NET !
I do n't want to put attribute !
If you think that way , you can use a contractless resolver .
public class ContractlessSample { public int MyProperty 1 { get ; set ; } public int MyProperty2 { get ; set ; } } var data = new ContractlessSample { MyProperty 1 = 99 , MyProperty2 = 9999 } ; var bin = MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize ( data , MessagePack .
Resolvers .
ContractlessStandardResolver .
Instance ) ; // { " MyProperty 1 " : 99 , " MyProperty 2" :9999} Console .
WriteLine ( MessagePackSerializer .
ToJson ( bin ) ) ; //
You can set ContractlessStandardResolver as default .
MessagePackSerializer .
SetDefaultResolver ( MessagePack .
Resolvers .
ContractlessStandardResolver .
Instance ) ; // serializable .
var bin2 = MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize ( data ) ;
I want to serialize private member !
In default , can not serialize / deserialize private members .
But you can use allow - private resolver .
[ MessagePackObject ] public class PrivateSample { [ Key ( 0 ) ] int x ; public void SetX ( int v ) { x = v ; } public int GetX ( ) { return x ; } } var data = new PrivateSample ( ) ; data .
SetX ( 9999 ) ; //
You can choose StandardResolverAllowPrivate or ContractlessStandardResolverAllowPrivate var bin = MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize ( data , MessagePack .
Resolvers .
DynamicObjectResolverAllowPrivate .
Instance ) ;
I do n't need type , I want to use like BinaryFormatter !
You can use as typeless resolver and helpers .
Please see Typeless section .
Resolver is key customize point of MessagePack for C#. Details , please see extension point .
DataContract compatibility
You can use [ DataContract ] instead of [ MessagePackObject ] .
If type is marked DataContract , you can use [ DataMember ] instead of [ Key ] and [ IgnoreDataMember ] instead of [ IgnoreMember ] .
[ DataMember ( Order = int ) ] is same as [ Key ( int ) ] , [ DataMember ( Name = string ) ] is same as [ Key ( string ) ] .
If use [ DataMember ] , same as [ Key( nameof ( propertyname ) ] .
Using DataContract makes it a shared class library and you do not have to refer to MessagePack for C# .
However , it is not included in analysis by Analyzer or code generation by mpc.exe .
Also , functions like UnionAttribute , MessagePackFormatterAttribute , SerializationConstructorAttribute etc can not be used .
For this reason , I recommend that you use the MessagePack for C# attribute basically .
Serialize ImmutableObject ( SerializationConstructor )
MessagePack for C# supports deserialize immutable object .
For example , this struct can serialize / deserialize naturally .
[ MessagePackObject ] public struct Point { [ Key ( 0 ) ] public readonly int X ; [ Key ( 1 ) ] public readonly int Y ; public Point ( int x , int y ) { this .
X = x ; this .
Y = y ; } } var data = new Point ( 99 , 9999 ) ; var bin = MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize ( data ) ; //
Okay to deserialize immutable obejct var point = MessagePackSerializer .
Deserialize < Point >( bin ) ;
MessagePackSerializer choose constructor with the least matched argument , match index if key in integer or match name ( ignore case ) if key is string .
If encounts MessagePackDynamicObjectResolverException : can't find matched constructor parameter you should check about this .
If can not match automatically , you can specify to use constructor manually by [ SerializationConstructorAttribute ] .
[ MessagePackObject ] public struct Point { [ Key ( 0 ) ] public readonly int X ; [ Key ( 1 ) ] public readonly int Y ; //
If not marked attribute , used this ( least matched argument ) public Point ( int x ) { X = x ; } [ SerializationConstructor ] public Point ( int x , int y ) { this .
X = x ; this .
Y = y ; } }
Serialization Callback
If object implements IMessagePackSerializationCallbackReceiver , received OnBeforeSerialize and OnAfterDeserialize on serilization process .
[ MessagePackObject ] public class SampleCallback : IMessagePackSerializationCallbackReceiver { [ Key ( 0 ) ] public int Key { get ; set ; } public void OnBeforeSerialize () { Console .
WriteLine ( " OnBefore " ) ; } public void OnAfterDeserialize ( ) { Console .
WriteLine ( " OnAfter " ) ; } }
Union
MessagePack for C# supports serialize interface .
It is like XmlInclude or ProtoInclude .
MessagePack for C# there called Union .
UnionAttribute can only attach to interface or abstract class .
It requires discriminated integer key and sub -type .
// mark inheritance types [ MessagePack .
Union ( 0 , typeof ( FooClass ) ) ]
[ MessagePack .
Union ( 1 , typeof ( BarClass ) ) ] public interface IUnionSample { } [ MessagePackObject ] public class FooClass : IUnionSample { [ Key ( 0 ) ] public int XYZ { get ; set ; } } [ MessagePackObject ] public class BarClass : IUnionSample { [ Key ( 0 ) ] public string OPQ { get ; set ; } } // --- IUnionSample data = new FooClass ( ) { XYZ = 999 } ; // serialize interface .
var bin = MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize ( data ) ; // deserialize interface .
var reData = MessagePackSerializer .
Deserialize < IUnionSample >( bin ) ; // use type - switch of C# 7.0 switch ( reData ) { case FooClass x : Console .
WriteLine ( x . XYZ ) ; break ; case BarClass x : Console .
WriteLine ( x . OPQ ) ; break ; default : break ; }
C# 7.0 type - switch is best match for Union .
Union is serialized to two - length array .
IUnionSample data = new BarClass { OPQ = " FooBar " } ; var bin = MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize ( data ) ; //
Union is serialized to two - length array , [ key , object ] // [ 1 , [ " FooBar " ] ]
Console .
WriteLine ( MessagePackSerializer .
ToJson ( bin ) ) ;
Using Union in Abstract Class , you can use same of interface .
[ Union ( 0 , typeof ( SubUnionType1 ) ) ] [ Union ( 1 , typeof ( SubUnionType2 ) ) ]
[ MessagePackObject ] public abstract class ParentUnionType { [ Key ( 0 ) ] public int MyProperty { get ; set ; } } [ MessagePackObject ] public class SubUnionType1 : ParentUnionType { [ Key ( 1 ) ] public int MyProperty 1 { get ; set ; } } [ MessagePackObject ] public class SubUnionType2 : ParentUnionType { [ Key ( 1 ) ] public int MyProperty2 { get ; set ; } }
Serialization of inherited type , flatten in array ( or map ) , be carefult to integer key , it cannot duplicate parent and all childrens .
Dynamic( Untyped ) Deserialization
If use MessagePackSerializer.Deserialize < object > or MessagePackSerializer.Deserialize < dynamic > , convert messagepack binary to primitive values that convert from msgpack - primitive to bool , char , sbyte , byte , short , int , long , ushort , uint , ulong , float , double , DateTime , string , byte [ ] , object [ ] , IDictionary < object , object > .
// sample binary .
var model = new DynamicModel { Name = " foobar " , Items = new [ ]
{ 1 , 10 , 100 , 1000 } } ; var bin = MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize ( model , ContractlessStandardResolver .
Instance ) ; // dynamic , untyped var dynamicModel = MessagePackSerializer .
Deserialize < dynamic >( bin , ContractlessStandardResolver .
Instance ) ; Console .
WriteLine ( dynamicModel [ " Name " ] ) ; // foobar Console .
WriteLine ( dynamicModel [ " Items " ] [ 2 ] ) ; // 100
So you can access indexer for msgpack map and array .
Object Type Serialization
StandardResolver and ContractlessStandardResolver can serialize object type as concrete type by DynamicObjectTypeFallbackResolver .
var objects = new object [ ] { 1 , " aaa " , new Object FieldType { Anything = 9999 } } ; var bin = MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize ( objects ) ; // [ 1 , " aaa " , [9999 ] ]
Console .
WriteLine ( MessagePackSerializer .
ToJson ( bin ) ) ; // Support Anonymous Type Serialize var anonType = new {
Foo = 100 , Bar = " foobar " } ; var bin2 = MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize ( anonType , MessagePack .
Resolvers .
ContractlessStandardResolver .
Instance ) ; // { " Foo " : 100 , " Bar " : " foobar " } Console .
WriteLine ( MessagePackSerializer .
ToJson ( bin2 ) ) ;
Unity supports is limited .
When deserializing , same as Dynamic ( Untyped ) Deserialization .
Typeless
Typeless API is like BinaryFormatter , embed type information to binary so no needs type to deserialize .
object mc = new Sandbox .
MyClass ( ) { Age = 10 , FirstName = " hoge " , LastName = " huga " } ; // serialize to typeless var bin = MessagePackSerializer .
Typeless .
Serialize ( mc ) ; // binary data is embeded type - assembly information .
// [ " Sandbox .
MyClass , Sandbox " , 10 , " hoge " , " huga " ] Console .
WriteLine ( MessagePackSerializer .
ToJson ( bin ) ) ; // can deserialize to MyClass with typeless var objModel = MessagePackSerializer .
Typeless .
Deserialize ( bin ) as MyClass ;
Type information is serialized by mspgack ext format , typecode is 100 .
MessagePackSerializer .
Typeless is shortcut of Serialize / Deserialize < object >( TypelessContractlessStandardResolver .
Instance ) .
If you want to configure default typeless resolver , you can set by MessagePackSerializer .
Typeless.RegisterDefaultResolver .
TypelessFormatter can use standalone and combinate with existing resolvers .
// replace `object` uses typeless MessagePack .
Resolvers .
CompositeResolver .
RegisterAndSetAsDefault ( new [ ]
{ MessagePack .
Formatters .
TypelessFormatter .
Instance } , new [ ]
{ MessagePack .
Resolvers .
StandardResolver .
Instance } ) ; public class Foo { // use Typeless ( this field only ) [ MessagePackFormatter ( typeof ( TypelessFormatter ) ) ] public object Bar ; }
If type name was changed , can not deserialize .
If you need to typename fallback , you can use TypelessFormatter .
BindToType .
MessagePack .
Formatters .
TypelessFormatter .
BindToType = typeName => { if ( typeName .
StartsWith ( " SomeNamespace " ) ) { typeName = typeName .
Replace ( " SomeNamespace " , " AnotherNamespace " ) ; } return Type .
GetType ( typeName , false ) ; } ;
Performance
Benchmarks comparing to other serializers run on Windows 10 Pro x64 Intel Core i7-6700 K 4.00GHz , 32GB RAM .
Benchmark code is here - and there version info , ZeroFormatter and FlatBuffers has infinitely fast deserializer so ignore deserialize performance .
MessagePack for C# uses many techniques for improve performance .
Serializer uses only ref byte [ ] and int offset , do n't use ( Memory ) Stream ( call Stream api has overhead )
High - level API uses internal memory pool , do n't allocate working memory under 64 K
Do n't create intermediate utility instance ( XxxWriter / Reader , XxxContext , etc ... )
Avoid boxing all codes , all platforms ( include Unity / IL2CPP )
Getting cached generated formatter on static generic field ( do n't use dictinary - cache because dictionary lookup is overhead ) : see : Resolvers
Heavyly tuned dynamic il code generation : see : DynamicObjectTypeBuilder
Call PrimitiveAPI directly when il code generation knows target is primitive
Reduce branch of variable length format when il code generation knows target ( integer / string ) range
Do n't use IEnumerable < T> abstraction on iterate collection , see : Collection FormatterBase and inherited collection formatters
abstraction on iterate collection , see : CollectionFormatterBase and inherited collection formatters
Uses pre generated lookup table to reduce check messagepack type , see : MessagePackBinary
Uses optimized type key dictionary for non-generic methods , see : ThreadsafeTypeKeyHashTable
Avoid string key decode for lookup map ( string key ) key and uses automata based name lookup with il inlining code generation , see : AutomataDictionary
For string key encode , pre-generated member name bytes and use fixed sized binary copy in IL , see : UnsafeMemory.cs
Before creating this library , I implemented a fast fast serializer with ZeroFormatter #Performance .
And this is a further evolved implementation .
MessagePack for C# is always fast , optimized for all types ( primitive , small struct , large object , any collections ) .
Deserialize Performance per options
Performance varies depending on options .
This is a micro benchamark with BenchmarkDotNet .
Target object has 9 members ( MyProperty1 ~ MyProperty9 ) , value are zero .
Method Mean Error Scaled Gen 0 Allocated IntKey 72.67 ns NA 1.00 0.0132 56 B StringKey 217.95 ns NA 3.00 0.0131 56 B Typeless_IntKey 176.71 ns NA 2.43 0.0131 56 B Typeless_StringKey 378.64 ns NA 5.21 0.0129 56 B MsgPackCliMap 1,355.26 ns NA 18.65 0.1431 608 B MsgPackCliArray 455.28 ns NA 6.26 0.0415 176 B ProtobufNet 265.85 ns NA 3.66 0.0319 136 B Hyperion 366.47 ns NA 5.04 0.0949 400 B JsonNetString 2,783.39 ns NA 38.30 0.6790 2864 B JsonNetStreamReader 3,297.90 ns NA 45.38 1.4267 6000 B JilString 553.65 ns NA 7.62 0.0362 152 B JilStreamReader 1,408.46 ns NA 19.38 0.8450 3552 B
IntKey , StringKey , Typeless_IntKey , Typeless_StringKey are MessagePack for C# options .
All MessagePack for C# options achive zero memory allocation on deserialization process .
JsonNetString / JilString is deserialized from string .
JsonNetStreamReader / JilStreamReader is deserialized from UTF8 byte [ ] with StreamReader .
Deserialization is normally read from Stream .
Thus , it will be restored from byte [ ] ( or Stream ) instead of string .
MessagePack for C# IntKey is fastest .
StringKey is slower than IntKey because matching from the character string is required .
If IntKey , read array length , for ( array length ) { binary decode }. If StringKey , read map length , for ( map length ) { decode key , lookup by key , binary decode } so requires additional two steps ( decode key and lookup by key ) .
String key is often useful , contractless , simple replacement of JSON , interoperability with other languages , and more certain versioning .
MessagePack for C# is also optimized for String Key .
First of all , it do not decode UTF8 byte [ ] to String for matching with the member name , it will look up the byte [ ] as it is ( avoid decode cost and extra allocation ) .
And
It will try to match each long type ( per 8 character , if it is not enough , pad with 0 ) using automata and inline it when IL code generating .
This also avoids calculating the hash code of byte[ ] , and the comparison can be made several times on a long unit .
This is the sample decompile of generated deserializer code by ILSpy .
If the number of nodes is large , search with a embedded binary search .
Extra note , this is serialize benchmark result .
Method Mean Error Scaled Gen 0 Allocated IntKey 84.11 ns NA 1.00 0.0094 40 B StringKey 126.75 ns NA 1.51 0.0341 144 B Typeless_IntKey 183.31 ns NA 2.18 0.0265 112 B Typeless_StringKey 193.95 ns NA 2.31 0.0513 216 B MsgPackCliMap 967.68 ns NA 11.51 0.1297 552 B MsgPackCliArray 284.20 ns NA 3.38 0.1006 424 B ProtobufNet 176.43 ns NA 2.10 0.0665 280 B Hyperion 280.14 ns NA 3.33 0.1674 704 B ZeroFormatter 149.95 ns NA 1.78 0.1009 424 B JsonNetString 1,432.55 ns NA 17.03 0.4616 1944 B JsonNetStreamWriter 1,775.72 ns NA 21.11 1.5526 6522 B JilString 547.51 ns NA 6.51 0.3481 1464 B JilStreamWriter 778.78 ns NA 9.26 1.4448 6066 B
Of course , IntKey is fastest but StringKey also good .
LZ4 Compression
MessagePack is a fast and compact format but it is not compression .
LZ4 is extremely fast compression algorithm , with MessagePack for C# can achive extremely fast perfrormance and extremely compact binary size !
MessagePack for C# has built - in LZ4 support .
You can use LZ4 MessagePackSerializer instead of MessagePackSerializer .
Builtin support is special , I 've created serialize - compression pipeline and special tuned for the pipeline so share the working memory , do n't allocate , do n't resize until finished .
Serialized binary is not simply compressed lz4 binary .
Serialized binary is valid MessagePack binary used ext - format and custom typecode ( 99 ) .
var array = Enumerable .
Range ( 1 , 100 ) .
Select ( x => new MyClass { Age = 5 , FirstName = " foo " , LastName = " bar " } ) .
ToArray ( ) ; // call LZ4 MessagePackSerializer instead of MessagePackSerializer , api is completely same var lz4Bytes = LZ4MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize ( array ) ; var mc2 = LZ4MessagePackSerializer .
Deserialize < MyClass [ ] >( lz4Bytes ) ; // you can dump lz4 message pack // [ [ 5 , " hoge " , " huga " ] , [ 5 , " hoge " , " huga " ] , ....] var json = LZ4MessagePackSerializer .
ToJson ( lz4Bytes ) ; Console .
WriteLine ( json ) ; // lz4Bytes is valid MessagePack , it is using ext - format ( [ TypeCode:99 , SourceLength|CompressedBinary ] ) // [ 99 , " 0gAAA+vf3ABkkwWjZm9vo2JhcgoA////yVBvo2Jhcg== " ] var rawJson = MessagePackSerializer .
ToJson ( lz4Bytes ) ; Console .
WriteLine ( rawJson ) ;
built - in LZ4 support uses primitive LZ4 API .
The LZ4 API is more efficient if you know the size of original source length .
Therefore , size is written on the top .
Compression speed is not always fast .
Depending on the target binary , it may be short or longer .
However , even at worst , it is about twice , but it is still often faster than other uncompressed serializers .
If target binary size under 64 bytes , LZ4 MessagePackSerializer does not compress to optimize small size serialization .
Compare with protobuf , JSON , ZeroFormatter
protbuf - net is major , most used binary - format library on .
NET .
I love protobuf - net and respect that great work .
But if uses protobuf - net for general - purpose serialization format , you may encounts annoying issue .
[ ProtoContract ] public class Parent { [ ProtoMember ( 1 ) ] public int Primitive { get ; set ; } [ ProtoMember ( 2 ) ] public Child Prop { get ; set ; } [ ProtoMember ( 3 ) ] public int [ ]
Array { get ; set ; } } [ ProtoContract ] public class Child { [ ProtoMember ( 1 ) ] public int Number { get ; set ; } } using ( var ms = new Memory Stream ( ) ) { // serialize null .
ProtoBuf .
Serializer .
Serialize < Parent >( ms , null ) ; ms .
Position = 0 ; var result = ProtoBuf .
Serializer .
Deserialize < Parent >( ms ) ; Console .
WriteLine ( result != null ) ; //
True , not null .
but all property are zero formatted .
Console .
WriteLine ( result .
Primitive ) ; // 0 Console .
WriteLine ( result .
Prop ) ; // null Console .
WriteLine ( result .
Array ) ; // null } using ( var ms = new Memory Stream ( ) ) { // serialize empty array .
ProtoBuf .
Serializer .
Serialize < Parent >( ms , new Parent { Array = new int [ 0 ] } ) ; ms .
Position = 0 ; var result = ProtoBuf .
Serializer .
Deserialize < Parent >( ms ) ; Console .
WriteLine ( result .
Array == null ) ; //
True , null ! }
protobuf ( - net ) can not handle null and empty collection correctly .
Because protobuf has no null representation ( this is the protobuf - net authors answer ) .
MessagePack specification can completely serialize C# type system .
This is the reason to recommend MessagePack over protobuf .
Protocol Buffers has good IDL and gRPC , that is a much good point than MessagePack .
If you want to use IDL , I recommend Google .
Protobuf than MessagePack .
JSON is good general - purpose format .
It is perfect , simple and enough spec .
Utf8Json which created me that adopts same architecture as MessagePack for C# and avoid encoding / decoing cost so work like binary .
If you want to know about binary vs text , see Utf8Json / which serializer should be used section .
ZeroFormatter is similar as FlatBuffers but specialized to C# .
It is special .
Deserialization is infinitely fast but instead the binary size is large .
And ZeroFormatter 's caching algorithm requires additional memory .
Again , ZeroFormatter is special .
When situation matches with ZeroFormatter , it demonstrates power of format .
But for many common uses , MessagePack for C# would be better .
Extensions
MessagePack for C# has extension point and you can add external type 's serialization support .
There are official extension support .
Install - Package MessagePack.ImmutableCollection Install - Package MessagePack.ReactiveProperty Install - Package MessagePack.UnityShims Install - Package MessagePack.AspNetCoreMvcFormatter
MessagePack .ImmutableCollection package add support for System .
Collections .
Immutable library .
It adds ImmutableArray <> , ImmutableList<> , ImmutableDictionary < , > , ImmutableHashSet<> , ImmutableSortedDictionary < , > , ImmutableSortedSet <> , ImmutableQueue<> , ImmutableStack <> , IImmutableList<> , IImmutableDictionary < , > , IImmutableQueue<> , IImmutableSet <> , IImmutableStack <> serialization support .
MessagePack .ReactiveProperty package add support for ReactiveProperty library .
It adds ReactiveProperty <> , IReactiveProperty <> , IReadOnlyReactiveProperty <> , ReactiveCollection <> , Unit serialization support .
It is useful for save viewmodel state .
MessagePack .
UnityShims package provides shim of Unity 's standard struct ( Vector2 , Vector3 , Vector4 , Quaternion , Color , Bounds , Rect , AnimationCurve , Keyframe , Matrix4x4 , Gradient , Color32 , RectOffset , LayerMask , Vector2Int , Vector3Int , RangeInt , RectInt , BoundsInt ) and there formatter .
It can enable to commnicate between server and Unity client .
After install , extension package must enable by configuration .
Here is sample of enable all extension .
// set extensions to default resolver .
MessagePack .
Resolvers .
CompositeResolver .
RegisterAndSetAsDefault ( // enable extension packages first ImmutableCollectionResolver .
Instance , ReactivePropertyResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Unity .
Extension .
UnityBlitResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Unity .
UnityResolver .
Instance , // finaly use standard ( default ) resolver StandardResolver .
Instance ) ; ) ;
Configuration details , see : Extension Point section .
MessagePack.AspNetCoreMvcFormatter is add - on of ASP.
NET Core MVC 's serialization to boostup performance .
This is configuration sample .
public void ConfigureServices ( IServiceCollection services ) { services .
AddMvc ( ) .
AddMvcOptions ( option => { option .
OutputFormatters .
Clear ( ) ; option .
OutputFormatters .
Add ( new MessagePackOutputFormatter ( ContractlessStandardResolver .
Instance ) ) ; option .
InputFormatters .
Clear ( ) ; option .
InputFormatters .
Add ( new MessagePackInputFormatter ( ContractlessStandardResolver .
Instance ) ) ; } ) ; }
Author is creating other extension packages , too .
MasterMemory - Embedded Readonly In - Memory Document Database
MagicOnion - gRPC based HTTP/2 RPC
Streaming Framework
DatadogSharp - C# Datadog client
You can make your own extension serializers or integrate with framework , let 's create them and share it !
MessagePackSerializer is the entry point of MessagePack for C#. Its static methods are main API of MessagePack for C# .
API Description DefaultResolver FormatterResolver that used resolver less overloads .
If does not set it , used StandardResolver .
SetDefaultResolver
Set default resolver of MessagePackSerializer APIs. Serialize < T> Convert object to byte [ ] or write to stream .
There has IFormatterResolver overload , used specified resolver .
SerializeUnsafe<T> Same as Serialize < T> but return ArraySegement < byte > .
The result of ArraySegment is contains internal buffer pool , it can not share across thread and can not hold , so use quickly .
Deserialize < T> Convert byte[ ] or ArraySegment < byte > or stream to object .
There has IFormatterResolver overload , used specified resolver .
NonGeneric .* NonGeneric APIs of Serialize / Deserialize .
There accept type parameter at first argument .
This API is bit slower than generic API but useful for framework integration such as ASP.
NET formatter .
Typeless .* Typeless APIs of Serialize / Deserialize .
This API no needs type parameter like BinaryFormatter .
This API makes .NET specific binary and bit slower than standard APIs .
ToJson Dump message - pack binary to JSON string .
It is useful for debugging .
FromJson From Json string to MessagePack binary .
ToLZ4Binary ( LZ4 only ) Convert msgpack binary to LZ4 msgpack binary .
Decode ( LZ4 only ) Convert LZ4 msgpack binary to standard msgpack binary .
MessagePack for C# operates at the byte [ ] level , so byte [ ]
API is faster than Stream API .
If byte [ ] can be used for I/O , I recommend using the byte [ ]
API .
Deserialize <T>( Stream ) has bool readStrict overload .
It means read byte [ ] from stream strictly size .
The default is false , it reads all stream data , it is faster than readStrict but if the data is contiguous , you can use readStrict = true .
High - Level API uses memory pool internaly to avoid unnecessary memory allocation .
If result size is under 64 K , allocates GC memory only for the return bytes .
LZ4 MessagePackSerializer has same api with MessagePackSerializer and DefaultResolver is shared .
LZ4 MessagePackSerializer has additional SerializeToBlock method .
IMessagePackFormatter is serializer by each type .
For example Int32 Formatter : IMessagePackFormatter < Int32 > represents Int32 MessagePack serializer .
public interface IMessagePackFormatter < T > { int Serialize ( ref byte [ ] bytes , int offset , T value , IFormatterResolver formatterResolver ) ; T Deserialize ( byte [ ] bytes , int offset , IFormatterResolver formatterResolver , out int readSize ) ; }
All api works on byte [ ] level , no use Stream , no use Writer / Reader so improve performance .
Many builtin formatters exists under MessagePack .
Formatters .
You can get sub type serializer by formatterResolver .
GetFormatter <T> .
Here is sample of write own formatter .
// serialize fileinfo as string fullpath .
public class FileInfoFormatter < T > : IMessagePackFormatter < FileInfo > { public int Serialize ( ref byte [ ] bytes , int offset , FileInfo value , IFormatterResolver formatterResolver ) { if ( value == null ) { return MessagePackBinary .
WriteNil ( ref bytes , offset ) ; } return MessagePackBinary .
WriteString ( ref bytes , offset , value .
FullName ) ; } public FileInfo Deserialize ( byte [ ] bytes , int offset , IFormatterResolver formatterResolver , out int readSize ) { if ( MessagePackBinary .
IsNil ( bytes , offset ) ) { readSize = 1 ; return null ; } var path = MessagePackBinary .
ReadString ( bytes , offset , out readSize ) ; return new FileInfo ( path ) ; } }
Created formatter needs to register to IFormatterResolver .
Please see Extension Point section .
You can see many other samples from builtin formatters .
Primitive API ( MessagePackBinary )
MessagePackBinary is most low - level API like Reader / Writer of other serializers .
MessagePackBinary is static class because avoid create Reader / Writer allocation .
Method Description ReadNext Skip MessagePackFormat binary block , returns read size .
ReadNextBlock Skip MessagePackFormat binary block with sub structures ( array / map ) , returns read size .
This is useful for create deserializer .
ReadMessageBlockFromStreamUnsafe
Read binary block from Stream , if readOnlySingleMessage = false then read sub structures ( array / map ) .
ReadStringSegment
Read string format but do not decode UTF8 , returns ArraySegment < byte > .
ReadBytesSegment Read binary format but do not copy bytes , returns ArraySegment < byte > .
Write / ReadMapHeader Write / Read map format header ( element length ) .
WriteMapHeaderForceMap32Block
Write map format header , always use map32 format ( length is fixed , 5 ) .
Write / ReadArrayHeader Write / Read array format header ( element length ) .
WriteArrayHeaderForceArray32Block
Write array format header , always use array 32 format ( length is fixed , 5 ) .
Write / Read *** *** is primitive type name ( Int32 , Single , String , etc ... )
Write *** Force *** Block *** is primitive integer name ( Byte , Int32 , UInt64 , etc... ) , acquire strict block and write code Write / ReadBytes Write / Read byte [ ] to use bin format .
Write / ReadExtensionFormat Write / Read ext format header ( Length + TypeCode ) and content byte[ ] .
Write / ReadExtensionFormatHeader Write / Read ext format , header ( Length + TypeCode ) only .
WriteExtensionFormatHeaderForceExt32Block
Write ext format header , always use ext32 format ( length is fixed , 6 ) .
WriteRaw Write msgpack block directly .
IsNil Is TypeCode Nil ? GetMessagePackType Return MessagePackType of target MessagePack bianary position .
GetExtensionFormatHeaderLength
Calculate extension formatter header length .
GetEncodedStringBytes
Get msgpack packed raw binary .
EnsureCapacity Resize if byte can not fill .
FastResize Buffer.BlockCopy version of Array .
Resize . FastCloneWithResize Same as FastResize but return copied byte[ ] .
Read API returns deserialized primitive and read size .
Write API returns write size and guranteed auto ensure ref byte[ ] .
Write / Read API has byte [ ] overload and Stream overload , basically the byte [ ]
API is faster .
DateTime is serialized to MessagePack Timestamp format , it serialize / deserialize UTC and loses Kind info .
If you use NativeDateTimeResolver serialized native DateTime binary format and it can keep Kind info but cannot communicate other platforms .
MessagePackType means msgpack spec of source types .
MessagePackCode means msgpack format of first byte .
Its static class has ToMessagePackType and ToFormatName utility methods .
MessagePackRange means Min-Max fix range of msgpack format .
Extension Point( IFormatterResolver )
IFormatterResolver is storage of typed serializers .
Serializer api accepts resolver and can customize serialization .
Resovler Name Description BuiltinResolver Builtin primitive and standard classes resolver .
It includes primitive ( int , bool , string ... ) and there nullable , array and list .
and some extra builtin types ( Guid , Uri , BigInteger , etc ... ) .
StandardResolver Composited resolver .
It resolves in the following order builtin -> attribute -> dynamic enum -> dynamic generic -> dynamic union -> dynamic object -> dynamic object fallback .
This is the default of MessagePackSerializer .
ContractlessStandardResolver Composited StandardResolver ( except dynamic object fallback ) -> DynamicContractlessObjectResolver -> DynamicObjectTypeFallbackResolver .
It enables contractless serialization .
StandardResolverAllowPrivate Same as StandardResolver but allow serialize / deserialize private members .
ContractlessStandardResolverAllowPrivate Same as ContractlessStandardResolver but allow serialize / deserialize private members .
PrimitiveObjectResolver MessagePack primitive object resolver .
It is used fallback in object type and supports bool , char , sbyte , byte , short , int , long , ushort , uint , ulong , float , double , DateTime , string , byte [ ] , ICollection , IDictionary .
DynamicObjectTypeFallbackResolver
Serialize is used type in from object type , deserialize is used PrimitiveObjectResolver .
AttributeFormatterResolver
Get formatter from [ MessagePackFormatter ] attribute .
CompositeResolver Singleton helper of setup custom resolvers .
You can use Register or RegisterAndSetAsDefault API .
NativeDateTimeResolver Serialize by .NET native DateTime binary format .
UnsafeBinaryResolver Guid and Decimal serialize by binary representation .
It is faster than standard ( string ) representation .
OldSpecResolver str and bin serialize / deserialize follows old messagepack spec( use raw format ) DynamicEnumResolver
Resolver of enum and there nullable , serialize there underlying type .
It uses dynamic code generation to avoid boxing and boostup performance serialize there name .
DynamicEnumAsStringResolver
Resolver of enum and there nullable .
It uses reflection call for resolve nullable at first time .
DynamicGenericResolver
Resolver of generic type ( Tuple<> , List<> , Dictionary < , > , Array , etc ) .
It uses reflection call for resolve generic argument at first time .
DynamicUnionResolver Resolver of interface marked by UnionAttribute .
It uses dynamic code generation to create dynamic formatter .
DynamicObjectResolver Resolver of class and struct maked by MessagePackObjectAttribute .
It uses dynamic code generation to create dynamic formatter .
DynamicContractlessObjectResolver
Resolver of all classes and structs .
It does not needs MessagePackObjectAttribute and serialized key as string ( same as marked [ MessagePackObject ( true ) ] ) .
DynamicObjectResolverAllowPrivate Same as DynamicObjectResolver but allow serialize / deserialize private members .
DynamicContractlessObjectResolverAllowPrivate
Same as DynamicContractlessObjectResolver but allow serialize / deserialize private members .
TypelessObjectResolver
Used for object , embed .NET type in binary by ext ( 100 ) format so no need to pass type in deserilization .
TypelessContractlessStandardResolver Composited resolver .
It resolves in the following order nativedatetime -> builtin -> attribute -> dynamic enum -> dynamic generic -> dynamic union -> dynamic object -> dynamiccontractless -> typeless .
This is the default of MessagePackSerializer .
Typeless
It is the only configuration point to assemble the resolver 's priority .
In most cases , it is sufficient to have one custom resolver globally .
CompositeResolver will be its helper .
// use global - singleton CompositeResolver . //
This method initialize CompositeResolver and set to default MessagePackSerializer CompositeResolver .
RegisterAndSetAsDefault ( // resolver custom types first ImmutableCollectionResolver .
Instance , ReactivePropertyResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Unity .
Extension .
UnityBlitResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Unity .
UnityResolver .
Instance , // finaly use standard resolver StandardResolver .
Instance ) ;
Here is sample of use DynamicEnumAsStringResolver with DynamicContractlessObjectResolver
( It is JSON.NET - like lightweight setting . )
// composite same as StandardResolver CompositeResolver .
RegisterAndSetAsDefault ( MessagePack .
Resolvers .
BuiltinResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Resolvers .
AttributeFormatterResolver .
Instance , // replace enum resolver MessagePack .
Resolvers .
DynamicEnumAsStringResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Resolvers .
DynamicGenericResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Resolvers .
DynamicUnionResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Resolvers .
DynamicObjectResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Resolvers .
PrimitiveObjectResolver .
Instance , // final fallback ( last priority ) MessagePack .
Resolvers .
DynamicContractlessObjectResolver .
Instance ) ;
If you want to write custom composite resolver , you can write like following .
public class CustomCompositeResolver : IFormatterResolver { public static IFormatterResolver Instance = new CustomCompositeResolver ( ) ; static readonly IFormatterResolver [ ] resolvers = new [ ] { // resolver custom types first ImmutableCollectionResolver .
Instance , ReactivePropertyResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Unity .
Extension .
UnityBlitResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Unity .
UnityResolver .
Instance , // finaly use standard resolver StandardResolver .
Instance } ; CustomCompositeResolver () { } public IMessagePackFormatter < T > GetFormatter < T >() { return FormatterCache < T >. formatter ; } static class FormatterCache < T > { public static readonly IMessagePackFormatter < T > formatter ; static FormatterCache ( ) { foreach ( var item in resolvers ) { var f = item .
GetFormatter < T >( ) ; if ( f != null ) { formatter = f ; return ; } } } } }
IFormatterResolver can use per serialize / deserialize method .
MessagePackSerializer .
Serialize ( data , CustomCompositeResolver .
Instance ) ;
If you want to make your extension package , you need to make formatter and resolver .
IMessagePackFormatter accepts IFormatterResolver on every request of serialize / deserialize .
You can get child - type serialize on resolver .
GetFormatterWithVerify<T> .
Here is sample of own resolver .
public class SampleCustomResolver : IFormatterResolver { //
Resolver should be singleton .
public static IFormatterResolver Instance = new SampleCustomResolver ( ) ; SampleCustomResolver ( ) { } // GetFormatter <T>'s get cost should be minimized so use type cache .
public IMessagePackFormatter < T > GetFormatter < T >() { return FormatterCache < T >. formatter ; } static class FormatterCache < T > { public static readonly IMessagePackFormatter < T > formatter ; // generic 's static constructor should be minimized for reduce type generation size ! // use outer helper method .
static FormatterCache ( ) { formatter = ( IMessagePackFormatter < T >) SampleCustomResolverGetFormatterHelper .
GetFormatter ( typeof ( T ) ) ; } } } internal static class SampleCustomResolverGetFormatterHelper { //
If type is concrete type , use type - formatter map static readonly Dictionary < Type , object > formatterMap = new Dictionary < Type , object >( ) { { typeof ( FileInfo ) , new FileInfoFormatter ( ) } // add more your own custom serializers .
} ; internal static object GetFormatter ( Type t ) { object formatter ; if ( formatter Map .
TryGetValue ( t , out formatter ) ) { return formatter ; } //
If target type is generics , use MakeGenericType. if ( t .
IsGenericParameter && t . GetGenericTypeDefinition ( ) == typeof ( ValueTuple <,> ) ) { return Activator .
CreateInstance ( typeof ( ValueTupleFormatter <, > ) .
MakeGenericType ( t . GenericTypeArguments ) ) ; } //
If type can not get , must return null for fallback mecanism .
return null ; } }
MessagePackFormatterAttribute
MessagePackFormatterAttribute is lightweight extension point of class , struct , interface , enum and property / field .
This is like JSON .
NET 's JsonConverterAttribute .
For example , serialize private field , serialize x10 formatter .
[ MessagePackFormatter ( typeof ( CustomObjectFormatter ) ) ] public class CustomObject { string internal Id ; public CustomObject ( ) { this .
internal
Id = Guid .
NewGuid ( ) . ToString ( ) ; } // serialize / deserialize internal field .
class CustomObjectFormatter : IMessagePackFormatter < CustomObject > { public int Serialize ( ref byte [ ] bytes , int offset , CustomObject value , IFormatterResolver formatterResolver ) { return formatterResolver .
GetFormatterWithVerify < string >( ) .
Serialize ( ref bytes , offset , value .
internalId , formatterResolver ) ; } public CustomObject Deserialize ( byte [ ] bytes , int offset , IFormatterResolver formatterResolver , out int readSize ) { var id = formatterResolver .
GetFormatterWithVerify < string >( ) .
Deserialize ( bytes , offset , formatterResolver , out readSize ) ; return new CustomObject { internal Id = id } ; } } } // per field , member public class Int_x10 Formatter : IMessagePackFormatter < int > { public int Deserialize ( byte [ ] bytes , int offset , IFormatterResolver formatterResolver , out int readSize ) { return MessagePackBinary .
ReadInt32 ( bytes , offset , out readSize ) * 10 ; } public int Serialize ( ref byte [ ] bytes , int offset , int value , IFormatterResolver formatterResolver ) { return MessagePackBinary .
WriteInt32 ( ref bytes , offset , value * 10 ) ; } } [ MessagePackObject ] public class MyClass { //
You can attach custom formatter per member .
[ Key ( 0 ) ] [ MessagePackFormatter ( typeof ( Int_x10 Formatter ) ) ] public int MyProperty 1 { get ; set ; } }
Formatter is retrieved by AttributeFormatterResolver , it is included in StandardResolver .
IgnoreFormatter
IgnoreFormatter <T> is lightweight extension point of class and struct , if exists can't serializable type in external type , you can register IgnoreFormatter < T > that serialize to nil .
// CompositeResolver can set custom formatter .
MessagePack .
Resolvers .
CompositeResolver .
RegisterAndSetAsDefault ( new IMessagePackFormatter [ ]
{ // for example , register reflection infos( can not serialize in default ) new IgnoreFormatter < MethodBase >( ) , new IgnoreFormatter < MethodInfo >( ) , new IgnoreFormatter < PropertyInfo >( ) , new IgnoreFormatter < FieldInfo >( ) } , new IFormatterResolver [ ]
{ ContractlessStandardResolver .
Instance } ) ;
Reserved Extension Types
MessagePack for C# already used some messagepack ext type codes , be careful to use same ext code .
Code Type Use by - 1 DateTime msgpack - spec reserved for timestamp 30 Vector2 [ ] for Unity , UnsafeBlitFormatter 31 Vector3 [ ] for Unity , UnsafeBlitFormatter 32 Vector4 [ ] for Unity , UnsafeBlitFormatter 33 Quaternion [ ] for Unity , UnsafeBlitFormatter 34 Color [ ] for Unity , UnsafeBlitFormatter 35 Bounds [ ] for Unity , UnsafeBlitFormatter 36 Rect [ ] for Unity , UnsafeBlitFormatter 37 Int [ ] for Unity , UnsafeBlitFormatter 38 Float [ ] for Unity , UnsafeBlitFormatter 39 Double [ ] for Unity , UnsafeBlitFormatter 99 All LZ4MessagePackSerializer 100 object TypelessFormatter
for Unity
You can install by package and includes source code .
If build target as PC , you can use as is but if build target uses IL2CPP , you can not use Dynamic *** Resolver so use pre-code generation .
Please see pre-code generation section .
In Unity , MessagePackSerializer can serialize Vector2 , Vector3 , Vector4 , Quaternion , Color , Bounds , Rect , AnimationCurve , Keyframe , Matrix4x4 , Gradient , Color32 , RectOffset , LayerMask , Vector2Int , Vector3Int , RangeInt , RectInt , BoundsInt and there nullable , there array , there list by built - in extension UnityResolver .
It is included Standard Resolver by default .
MessagePack for C# has additional unsafe extension .
UnsafeBlitResolver is special resolver for extremely fast unsafe serialization / deserialization for struct array .
x20 faster Vector3 [ ] serialization than native JsonUtility .
If use UnsafeBlitResolver , serialize special format ( ext : typecode 30~39 ) Vector2 [ ] , Vector3 [ ] , Quaternion [ ] , Color [ ] , Bounds [ ] , Rect [ ] .
If use UnityBlitWithPrimitiveArrayResolver , supports int [ ] , float [ ] , double [ ] too .
This special feature is useful for serialize Mesh ( many Vector3 [ ] ) or many transform position .
If you want to use unsafe resolver , you must enables unsafe option and define additional symbols .
At first , write - unsafe on smcs.rsp , gmcs.rsp etc .
And define ENABLE_UNSAFE_MSGPACK symbol .
Here is sample of configuration .
Resolvers .
CompositeResolver .
RegisterAndSetAsDefault ( MessagePack .
Unity .
UnityResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Unity .
Extension .
UnityBlitWithPrimitiveArrayResolver .
Instance , // If PC , use StandardResolver // MessagePack.Resolvers.StandardResolver .Instance , // If IL2CPP , Builtin + GeneratedResolver . // MessagePack.Resolvers.BuiltinResolver .Instance , ) ;
MessagePack .UnityShims
NuGet package is for .
NET ServerSide serialization support to communicate with Unity .
It includes shim of Vector3 etc and Safe / Unsafe serialization extension .
If you want to share class between Unity and Server , you can use SharedProject or Reference as Link or new MSBuild ( VS2017 ) 's wildcard reference etc .
Anyway you need to source - code level share .
This is sample project structure of use SharedProject .
SharedProject ( source code sharing )
Source codes of server - client shared
ServerProject (.NET 4.6/.NET Core/.NET Standard ) [ SharedProject ] [ MessagePack ] [ MessagePack .UnityShims ]
ClientDllProject (.NET 3.5 ) [ SharedProject ] [ MessagePack ] ( not dll , use MessagePack.unitypackage's sourcecodes )
Unity [ Builded ClientDll ]
Other ways , use plain POCO by DataContract / DataMember can use .
Pre Code Generation ( Unity / Xamarin Supports )
MessagePack for C# generates object formatter dynamically by ILGenerator .
It is fast and transparently generated at run time .
But it needs generate cost at first time and it does not work on AOT environment ( Xamarin , Unity IL2CPP , etc. ) .
Note : If Unity 's build target as PC , does not need code generation .
It works well .
If you want to avoid generate cost or run on Xamarin or Unity , you need pre-code generation .
mpc.exe ( MessagePackCompiler ) is code generator of MessagePack for C#. mpc can download from releases page , mpc.zip .
mpc is using Roslyn so analyze source code .
mpc arguments help : - i , -- input [ required ]
Input path of analyze csproj - o , -- output [ required ]
Output file path -c , -- conditionalsymbol [ optional , default=empty ] conditional compiler symbol -r , -- resolvername [ optional , default=GeneratedResolver ]
Set resolver name -n , -- namespace [ optional , default=MessagePack ]
Set namespace root name -m , -- usemapmode [ optional , default=false ]
Force use map mode serialization
// Simple Sample : mpc.exe - i " ..\src\Sandbox.Shared.csproj " -o " MessagePackGenerated.cs " //
Use force map simulate DynamicContractlessObjectResolver mpc.exe - i " ..\src\Sandbox.Shared.csproj " -o " MessagePackGenerated.cs " -m
If you create DLL by msbuild project , you can use Pre / Post build event .
< PropertyGroup > < PreBuildEvent > mpc.exe , here is useful for analyze / generate target is self project .
</ PreBuildEvent > < PostBuildEvent > mpc.exe , here is useful for analyze target is another project .
</ PostBuildEvent > </ PropertyGroup >
In default , mpc.exe generates resolver to MessagePack .
Resolvers .
GeneratedResolver and formatters generates to MessagePack .
Formatters .*** .
And application launch , you need to set Resolver at first .
// CompositeResolver is singleton helper for use custom resolver .
//
Ofcourse you can also make custom resolver .
MessagePack .
Resolvers .
CompositeResolver .
RegisterAndSetAsDefault ( // use generated resolver first , and combine many other generated / custom resolvers MessagePack .
Resolvers .
Generated Resolver .
Instance , // finally , use builtin / primitive resolver ( do n't use StandardResolver , it includes dynamic generation ) MessagePack .
Resolvers .
BuiltinResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Resolvers .
AttributeFormatterResolver .
Instance , MessagePack .
Resolvers .
PrimitiveObjectResolver .
Instance ) ;
Note : mpc.exe is basically run on only Windows .
But you can run on Mono , that supports Mac and Linux .
RPC
MessagePack advocated MessagePack RPC , but formulation is stopped and it is not widely used .
I 've created gRPC based MessagePack HTTP/2 RPC streaming framework called MagicOnion .
gRPC usually communicates with Protocol Buffers using IDL .
But MagicOnion uses MessagePack for C# and does not needs IDL .
If communicates C# to C# , schemaless ( C# classes as schema ) is better than IDL .
How to Build
Open MessagePack.sln on Visual Studio 2017 .
Unity Project is using symbolic link .
At first , run make_unity_symlink .bat so linked under Unity project .
You can open src\MessagePack .
UnityClient on Unity Editor .
Author Info
Yoshifumi Kawai( a.k.a. neuecc ) is a software developer in Japan .
He is the Director / CTO at Grani , Inc. Grani is a mobile game developer company in Japan and well known for using C# .
He is awarding Microsoft MVP for Visual C# since 2011 .
He is known as the creator of UniRx ( Reactive Extensions for Unity )
Blog : https://medium.com/@neuecc ( English ) Blog : http://neue.cc/
( Japanese ) Twitter : https://twitter.com/neuecc ( Japanese )
License
This library is under the MIT License .
lz4 compression support is using Milosz Krajewski's lz4net code with some modified .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Venezuela routinely violates human rights , often intimidating or punishing citizens based on their political beliefs , an Organization of American States commission said in a report released Wednesday .
The 319 - page report by the Inter - American Commission on Human Rights says a lack of independence by Venezuela 's judiciary and legislature in their dealings with leftist President Hugo Chavez often leads to the abuses .
" The report finds that not all individuals are ensured full enjoyment of their rights irrespective of their positions on government policies , " the human rights panel said .
" The commission also finds that the punitive power of the state is being used to intimidate or punish people on account of their political opinions .
The commission believes that conditions do not exist for human rights defenders and journalists to be able to freely carry out their work . "
Chavez 's critics say his government represses political opponents and the expression of free ideas by jailing critics on trumped - up charges or pulling licenses for TV and radio stations and shutting down newspapers .
The Venezuelan Embassy in Washington did not immediately answer telephone and e-mail messages seeking comment .
The OAS commission 's report also notes " the existence of a pattern of impunity in cases of violence , which particularly affects media workers , human rights defenders , trade unionists , participants in public demonstrations , people held in custody , ' campesinos ' ( small - scale and subsistence farmers ) , indigenous people , and women . "
The report gives credit to Chavez 's government for observing citizens ' rights with regard to economic , social and cultural matters .
But that does not give the government permission to trample human rights , the panel said .
Read the IACHR report
" The commission emphasizes that observance of other fundamental rights cannot be sacrificed for the sake of realizing economic , social and cultural rights in Venezuela , " the report states .
The Inter - American Commission on Human Rights is an autonomous panel created by the OAS .
The commission consists of seven independent members who act in a personal capacity , without representing a particular country .
They are elected by the OAS General Assembly .
The natural way of not getting lost
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Could you find your way around without the use of a map or any instruments ?
Natural Navigator Tristan Gooley explains how to avoid getting lost using nature as your only guide .
It surprisingly easy to determine direction without the aid of instruments and only by reference to natural clues .
Using these simple clues to work out which way you stand , before you reaching for the map or GPS , sharpens the senses and brings the world to life .
THE SUN
If you know the time and season , you can figure out the direction of the sun
Once you understand the sun 's arc it is possible to use it to find direction .
For example , in the UK the sun rises in the northeast in midsummer , in the east in spring and autumn and in the southeast in midwinter .
For everyone north of the Tropic of Cancer , including all of Europe and mainland United States , the sun is always due south when highest in the sky , when is true midday .
With practice it is possible to work out what it is doing at any time during the day and from anywhere in the world .
Mid-morning in March in the UK ?
It is halfway between dawn and midday so it must be close to halfway between east and due south , it will be close to southeast .
THE SKY AT NIGHT Stars circle about the Pole Star as the earth rotates A similar technique as used with the sun can be used with the moon , but it takes a bit of practice .
The easiest way to understand how to use the stars to find your way is remembering that if a star is overhead your destination , then it is pointing the right way .
Most stars appear to move and so will not stay over the same place for long , but Polaris , the North Star , sits steadfastly over the North Pole and so will always point north .
The stars in a part of the sky known as the " celestial equator " , move constantly from east to west but they always rise due east and set due west .
Orion 's
Belt is very close to the celestial equator and so wherever you are in the world , it can be used as an accurate guide to east or west when it is close to the horizon .
WEATHER
It is not always easy to see the heaviest side of a tree Using nature to find direction is possible without help from the sky , because of the influence of the sun and weather on the ground .
Little of what we see in nature is symmetrical and natural navigation is often about spotting subtle differences .
Trees , like all green plants , need sunlight to grow and so their growth can be used to deduce where most of the sunlight is coming from .
The ' heaviest ' side of isolated trees in the UK will normally be the southern side .
Mosses and lichens are quite fussy and prefer certain levels of moisture and sunlight , which means that they grow unevenly on each side of buildings and trees .
Their patterns often vary from place to place , but once deciphered are consistent over large areas .
North - facing roofs near where you live may have lots of moisture - loving green moss , whereas the south - facing ones may have colonies of golden lichen that are able to thrive in the sun .
It is even possible to find your way from puddles and bare earth .
The sun reaches different parts of the ground more easily than others , which means that two sides of a path often reveal a clue : if one side is dry and dusty and the other is wet and muddy then it is time to solve the puzzle of where the sun has been and then use this to find direction .
It is not just the sun that leaves footprints , but the wind too , which combs the tops of trees and each day moves clouds in a way that can be helpful .
The wind can even be used just from the feel on your face and the buffeting sound in your ears .
By Tristan Gooley , author of The Natural Navigator , published by Virgin Books .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
b y Ray Nelson
In the beginning , I do not like :
Premature flashbacks .
Suggestion :
Do n't tell me about the past until I am worried about the present Action or dialogue in a vacuum
Suggestion :
In the opening paragraph unobtrusively tell me where we are , whether indoors or outdoors , the location of people and important objects , particularly doorways , windows , stairways , furniture which will be used , important props , etc. , and most vital of all , how the scene is lit .
Characters I can't visualize .
Suggestion : Immediately after each character 's entrance , begin telling me his or her age , sex , social class , major mannerisms , race , physical type , etc. , feeding me everything in little bits , not all at once .
And make sure I know , at least in a general way , how the character is dressed .
Narration in the present tense .
Suggestion :
Though some modern writers use it , they pay for it in obtrusiveness .
Stick to the simple past tense unless you have a very good reason not to .
In the middle , I do not like :
An inconsistent emotional tone .
Suggestion :
If you have begun in a comic mood , continue in a comic mood .
If in a fearful mood , grow more fearful ; if in a tragic , remain tragic .
A touch of contrasting emotions is all you can allow yourself , never a total change of tone .
Missed opportunities .
Suggestion :
Make good on every implied promise you have made the reader , and let the big scenes take place on - stage , not off stage or after the story ends .
Showers of trivia
Suggestion : Determine the point of the story , then ruthlessly cut what is not relevant .
At the end I do not like :
The " Little Nemo " ending , in which it turns out " It was all a dream " .
Suggestion :
The reader has been kind enough to suspend disbelief .
Do n't tell him he need n't have bothered .
The Paper Tiger ending in which we learn " It was all a misunderstanding " , " He was n't really murdered " etc .
Suggestion : Surprise me by giving me more than I expect , not less .
The unresolved ending
Suggestion :
Tell me frankly if your protagonist wins or loses or draws , or what the solutions are to your puzzles or mysteries , if any .
A Protagonist who ends in apathy , suicide or insanity .
Suggestion :
There are so many ways someone can solve his problems there 's no excuse for these arty cliché non-solutions A false surprise ending
Suggestion : Early in the story , plant enough information so a few really alert readers may guess the ending , and the others will kick themselves for not guessing it .
Throughout I do not like .
A passive protagonist who is , at best , a spectator and , a worst , a professional victim .
Suggestion : Select someone more suitable to be a protagonist , or give your present protagonist some spunk .
Characters who lack motivation
Suggestion : Allow no major characters who do n't want something , and struggle to get it .
Characters who all talk alike .
Suggestion :
Let dialogue reflect differences in age , sex , social class , nationality , and background , plus special individual turns of speech .
Let vocabulary reflect profession and educational level .
Scenes that are thin and unconvincing .
Suggestion :
Make sure you are reporting most or all of the five senses , even if you have to use a checklist .
Clichés
Suggestion : Read aloud to one or more writers or critical readers and let them help you prune these away , but do n't forget that there are rare occasions when only a cliché will do .
Overuse of any form - - too many adjectives , too many adverbs , too many metaphors or similes , too many forms of the verb " be " , too many phrases in the passive voice , too many proper names , too many repeated words .
Suggestion :
Set a norm of simple sentences -- subject , verb and object -- and use other grammatical forms and more complex constructions to produce calculated effects , not just for variety .
Study grammar and rhetoric from old Victorian schoolbooks and practice building sentences the way a musician practices scales and arpeggios .
A viewpoint that floats aimlessly through space from head to head .
Suggestion : Normally , within a given scene , select one head and stay in it , telling us nothing that cannot be thought , seen or sensed by that person .
Too much unbroken narrative .
Suggestion : Write more dialogue with stage business and less telling .
Regard with suspicion any page totally lacking in quotation marks .
Pointlessness
Suggestion : Determine for yourself what central theme you will use and write it out in a single sentence .
Do not include this sentence in your story , but use it as a guide in a comprehensive rewrite in which not one sentence remains unchanged .
An antagonist who is a pushover .
Suggestion :
Make your protagonist 's opposition seem , at first , overwhelming .
Even at the end , I want to feel I 've watched a fair fight .
Obtrusive substitutes for " said "
Suggestion : Often it can be made obvious from context who is speaking , particularly where only two characters are on a stage .
Then no " said " forms are needed .
In other cases " said " can be baldly repeated a lot before it becomes obnoxious .
An unconvincing setting
Suggestion : Through research or invention , create a " backdrop " that is detailed , authentic , consistent and clearly visualized , even if you must draw a lot of maps , charts , floorplans , costume sketches , family trees etc. and write several long essays for your own eyes only .
An unconvincing chronology
Suggestion : Plan your action in a diary , datebook or calendar , or in a dated cardfile .
( Cardfiles are more easily changed in the plotting process ) .
Aimless digressions
Suggestion :
Make a detailed plot synopsis before you write page one .
Work out most of the " bugs " in the planning stage , but leave yourself a little room for improvisation .
Datedness
Suggestion : Read what others are writing in your genre and outside it .
Steal their tricks shamelessly , and do n't worry about ruining your originality .
No writer can write exactly like another writer .
General amateurishness
Suggestion : Join a group of writers who meet regularly to read aloud and discuss works in progress .
Write for nonpaying markets , listening to what feedback you get .
Imitate the work of some famous writer you admire .
Practice , practice , practice !
Becca Kinsey , a 39 - year - old stage manager in Tucson , has three children , a husband and very little free time .
But nearly every Wednesday , from 10 a.m. to noon , she goes to the Coffee X Change at Grant Road and Campbell Avenue to meet a group of women and play chess .
“ I never had an interest , ” Mrs. Kinsey said of the game .
“ It always gave me headaches . ”
That changed a few months ago , when she finally learned to play .
Now , she said , “ people will say , ‘ Come do this , ’ and I ’ll say : ‘ I ca n’t go to that .
I am going to chess on Wednesdays . ’ ”
Mrs. Kinsey ’s chess group has 16 members , all of them women and most of them beginners .
They all share an enthusiasm for chess that borders on obsession .
Monkey Bread with Cream Cheese Glaze
Adapted just slightly from Cook ’s Illustrated , who does not use a cream cheese glaze , but should
So here ’s my favorite thing I learned about monkey bread when I was researching it : although it ’s descended from the kind of buttery sweet yeasted breads that begat the kuchens and galettes of today and it began showing up in women ’s magazines and community cookbooks in the 1950s , it was Nancy Reagan who put it on the map for a lot of people : she served it in the White House at Christmas .
Her version involves a buttery brioche dough , dipped only in butter ( no cinnamon or sugar , brown or white ) and she suggests you eat reheated , with jam .
It is fairly subdued .
This one here is anything but .
You ’re welcome .
CI says this serves 6 to 8 ; we served it to far more people at a potluck brunch
Dough
4 tablespoons ( 1/2 stick or 2 ounces ) unsalted butter , divided ( 2 tablespoons softened , 2 tablespoons melted )
1 cup milk , warm ( around 110 degrees )
1/3 cup water , warm ( also around 110 degrees )
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1 package or 2 1/ 4 teaspoons rapid rise , instant or bread machine yeast
3 1/4 cups all - purpose flour , plus extra for work surface
2 teaspoons table salt
Brown Sugar Coating
1 cup packed light brown sugar ( CI advises against dark brown , which they feel imparts too strong of a molasses taste ; I suspect it would n’t bother me )
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
8 tablespoons unsalted butter ( 1 stick or 4 ounces ) , mleted
Cream Cheese Glaze
3 ounces cream cheese , softened
3 tablespoons powdered sugar , plus extra if needed
2 tablespoons milk , plus extra if needed
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
Get oven and pan ready : Adjust oven rack to medium - low position and heat oven to 200 °F .
When oven reaches 200 , turn it off .
Butter Bundt pan with 2 tablespoons softened butter .
Set aside .
Make dough :
In a large measuring cup , mix together milk , water , melted butter , sugar , and yeast .
To proceed with a stand mixer , mix flour and salt in standing mixer fitted with dough hook .
Turn machine to low and slowly add milk mixture .
After dough comes together , increase speed to medium and mix until dough is shiny and smooth , 6 to 7 minutes .
( The dough should be sticky but if it is too wet to come together into anything cohesive , add an additional 2 tablespoons flour . )
Turn dough onto lightly floured counter and knead briefly to form smooth , round ball .
To proceed by hand , mix flour and salt in large bowl .
Make well in flour , then add milk mixture to well .
Using wooden spoon , stir until dough becomes shaggy and is difficult to stir .
Turn out onto lightly floured work surface and begin to knead , incorporating shaggy scraps back into dough .
Knead until dough is smooth and satiny , about 10 minutes .
Shape into taut ball and proceed as directed .
Coat large bowl with nonstick cooking spray or a tablespoon of neutral oil .
Place dough in bowl and coat surface of dough with more cooking spray or oil .
Cover bowl with plastic wrap and place in warm oven until dough doubles in size , 50 to 60 minutes .
Make brown sugar coating : Place melted butter in one bowl .
Mix brown sugar and cinnamon in a second one .
Form the bread :
Flip dough out onto floured surface and gently pat into an 8 - inch square .
Using a bench scraper or knife , cut dough into 64 pieces .
I found it helpful to immediately separate them from the rest of the “ grid ” or they quickly reformed a big doughy square in 64 parts .
Roll each piece of dough into ball .
Working one at a time , dip balls in melted butter , allowing excess butter to drip back into bowl .
( I found a fork to be helpful for this process . )
Roll in brown sugar mixture , then layer balls in Bundt pan , staggering seams ( something I did n’t do , but should have ) where dough balls meet as you build layers .
Cover Bundt pan tightly with plastic wrap and place in turned - off oven until dough balls are puffy and have risen 1 to 2 inches from top of pan , 50 to 70 minutes .
Bake bread : Remove pan from oven and heat oven to 350 °F .
Unwrap pan and bake until top is deep brown and caramel might begin to bubble around edges , 30 to 35 minutes .
( The reason for the “ might ” is that CI says that it should , but mine did not bubble , leading me to bake mine for an extra 5 to 10 minutes , during which it still did not bubble but go the dark crust you see in the photos .
Next time , I ’d take it out sooner . )
Cool in pan for 5 minutes ( no longer , or you ’ll have trouble getting it out ) then turn out on platter and allow to cool slightly , about 10 minutes .
Make glaze : Beat cream cheese with powdered sugar until smooth and light .
Add milk and vanilla and this is where you can kick me because I completely forgot I was a food blogger for a minute there and know I added a touch more milk and sugar but did not write down how much .
I have some nerve !
Just taste and adjust — you ’re looking for something that tastes equally tangy and sweet , and texturally thin enough to drape over the bread but thick enough that it will not just roll off completely .
Drizzle the glaze over warm monkey bread , letting it run over top and sides of bread .
Serve warm .
Variation :
So , as you all know , I have a little monkey to attend to while I am trying to cook and on Saturday morning , he was particularly distracting ( read : cute ) and I managed to accidentally slightly brown the melted butter you roll the balls of dough into .
Do I need to tell you how amazingly delicious this was ?
Next time , I will do it intentionally , and get it all of the way brown .
And then you can call it Brown Butter Cinnamon Brown Sugar Monkey Bread .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
The Art of Highperching
Introduction
My Battle .net name is Snarker on Azeroth , and my friends and I enjoy building towers .
So much so , in fact , that we created Clan Towa with the unified purpose of spreading our love for these static defenses .
We build towers of all shapes and sizes in both solo and team games , but usually prefer the arrow - spitting variants to their bulkier and more expensive cousins .
If you ever do happen to catch us not building any during a game , it 's probably a safe assumption that our account 's been compromised .
Towers require little micro to operate , are very easy to queue up and mass produce , can be quickly repaired and rebuilt as needed , and offer little in the way of experience for enemy heroes .
Most importantly , they do one thing that our clan has become very good at : pissing off the unsuspecting opposing team .
In the competitive Warcraft scene , many bemoan the " unmannered " use of towers ; human users are especially notorious for what some would call abusing the seemingly unassailability of massed towers , but often respond by arguing that towers are used with the intent to win and not for manner 's sake .
We , as Clan Towa , build towers to have a good time at our opponent 's expense .
The following report is both a commentary on an actual game itself and an outline of what has evolved into an almost textbook strategy designed to abuse certain terrain features of a specific map currently found in the 3v3 map rotation .
Throughout the report , I will be including several articles that go in depth about a specific part of the highperch strategy , as well as various screenshots of comments from people we have played in ladder .
I hope you enjoy my first battlereport .
Tower Types
Not all towers are created equal .
Human towers come with three upgrades to their heavy armor , and are thus able to have a whopping +8 armor total .
Orc towers are able to return damage to melee units as well as switch from heavy to fortified armor later in the game .
Undead can upgrade any of their basic food - supplying ziggurats to a tower which can be unsummoned to regain a partial amount of its resource cost , and Night Elf towers can move and cannibalize nearby trees to regenerate its health .
Tower Attributes ( Fully Upgraded ) Tower HP Armor / Type Range Build time DPS Size Notes Human Guard Tower 100 70 800 +8 Heavy 70 75 24.4 small detects invisible units Orc Watch Tower 110 80 500 +3 Fortified 80 60 25.0 small reflects damage to melee attackers Undead Spirit Tower 295 90 550 +5 Fortified 70 85 26.0 large requires creep to be built Night Elf Ancient Protector 135 80 600 +3 Fortified 70 60 16.6 large mobile , requires wisp to be built Ideally , we would only mass orc and human towers .
Undead towers are four times as big , have long build times and high costs , and require creep much like a sunken colony , making them not nearly as versatile on large maps .
Ancient protectors require a wisp sacrifice , and this alone makes massing impractical .
Depending on the opposing army composition , we build a mix of guard and watch towers .
Human towers with their heavy armor are excellent against bats , chimaeras , mortars , and all other forms of siege .
Orc towers with their durable fortified armor can take the brunt of entire armies .
They also have the highest range of all towers making them invaluable on elevated terrain , a very important fact to take note of as you will soon see .
Most games require adaptation and thus our usual rule of thumb is if we find ourselves asking if we built enough towers , then we need to build some more .
The Map
Highperch is a 6 - player map characterized by a top versus bottom parallel arrangement of starting locations for the two teams .
Four additional expansions are arranged in a wide square around the map center , in contrast to other equally - sized maps where the expansions are close to a respective player and , hence , easier to defend .
These four expansions are directly in the path of armies en route to an enemy base , and thus are a risky venture for anyone seeking additional resources through a second goldmine .
There are two vertical land paths from the top of the map to the bottom , each with a progressive series of chokepoints that can be towered up somewhat easily .
The lack of any high - level red creep camps suggests an easily - crept and expansion - friendly map dotted by numerous green and yellow camps , populated by lightning - spewing thunder lizards , bow and axe - wielding centaurs , and warthog - like razormanes .
The thunder lizards have splash damage and can cast purge to make creeping difficult for any intelligence heroes relying on summoned units to soak up damage , the centaurs deal high rates of damage through their archers , and the razormanes can summon little piglets as well as cast healing ward .
At the center of the map is a large clearing with a tavern ; a mercenary camp sits to its left and a goblin shop to its right .
The true anomalies of this map lie in the mountainous plateaus at the 3 o'clock and 9 o'clock positions .
Without any Goblin Laboratories on this map and from which no zeppelins to purchase , there is no direct way for land units to ascend these mountains .
On the apex of each lies a fountain of health guarded by a green - level swarm of flying harpies .
Mountain Mystery
The first thing people always type when they discover our stronghold atop these mountains is " how'd you get up there ? "
Without purchasable zeppelins to carry our heroes and workers up the 5 or so levels of elevation depending on which side we approach it from , the answer may not be apparent at first .
The most obvious answer is Warden with her blink ability .
I 'm sure you are all by now aware of the new Stalker unit in Starcraft 2 , able to leap up and down cliffs despite being a ground unit .
A Warden can easily clear the mountaintop with a few well - placed blinks and the aid of vision to clear the fog .
The next easiest way is to have a gargoyle or druid of the talon in crow form fly up to the mountaintop , have them transform into their land model , and have a hero use a staff of teleportation to warp onto the unit , since the staff can only be used on ground units .
A hippogryph rider can also drop an archer to be teleported onto .
But what if your team does n't have a night elf or undead player ?
The remaining three solutions are subtle and somewhat tedious , involving one of three heroes : a Tinker setting up a pocket factory upon a higher elevation level for heroes to teleport onto , a Keeper of the Grove creating treants upon a higher elevation level for heroes to teleport onto , and a Beastmaster using a level 3 bear with blink for ... well , I 'm sure you can figure it out by now .
Believe it or not , there are actually at least three more ways of reaching the top ( and no , a level 6 Archmage does n't count since he needs a ground unit to teleport onto ) , but they would take such extraordinary measures that they could never be used practically in a highperch game .
Can you think of they could be ?
If one were to hypothetically mass towers upon this plateau ( and only the right one , since the pathing is less weird and it has more room for towers ) , it would be unassailable by any forms of land siege .
Air siege units such as chimaeras and frost wyrms are unable to rely on ground support when attacking this position , making them extremely vulnerable to various forms of anti-air air units .
We still sometimes wonder why Blizzard 's map creators even put them there , because there is neither easy access nor strategic value to these mountains .
The Players
team TOWA ugh . 2ez leads the courageous orc tribe at 11 o'clock .
welp .
2ez leads the noble human alliance at 12 o'clock .
cum .
2ez leads the honorable orc tribe at 1 o'clock .
team GnH ( aka grunts 'n' hunts ) real331 leads the shadowy night elf sluts at 5 o'clock .
b1209 irthday leads the reclusive night elf sluts at 6 o'clock .
legd - milk randoms the savage orc horde at 7 o'clock .
A little about the players themselves .
cum. 2ez , welp .
2ez , and ugh .
2ez are all alternate accounts of my clan mates kunt.roii , sir_tweak , and mrfrosty , respectively , on Lordaeron , made to mass towers in team games .
They have a pretty good track record so far in both 2v2s and 3v3s .
I 'm not sure who b1209irthday , legd - milk , and real331 are , but with good records and apms averaging over 100 in a game lasting almost two hours , they are a formidable team .
Stage 1 - Denial
welp .
2ez , having spawned between his two allies , is tasked with feeding them gold and wood so they can tower the chokepoint of their respective lanes .
All three go for the standard Clan TOWA build of altar , farm , and mill - type structures for their respective races , while neglecting to build tier 1 unit - producing barracks of any sort .
Both ugh. 2ez and cum .
2ez send workers out to their chokepoints and start queuing up towers in a horizontal line , 2 to 3 rows deep .
Meanwhile , on the other side of the map , both real331 and b1209irthday wait for their resources to accumulate before building their ancient of war and hunter 's hall simultaneously to set up for huntresses .
legd - milk opts for a standard orc build of altar , burrow , and barracks for good ol ' fashioned grunts .
welp .
2ez and ugh.
2ez hire dual Archmages to blizzard harass the opposing team 's workers , while cum .
2ez commands a Blademaster for the same purpose .
Water elementals make a negligible impact during large team battles , especially on a map where all the green camps can cast purge to deal 400 damage to summoned units .
AoE skills are far more critical when allied forces wholly consist of only heroes and towers defending against a mounting siege army .
Blademaster and heroes like the Warden can whittle down enemy forces in long , drawn out tower games while possessing handy escape skills .
legd - milk hires a Tauren Chieftain while his slutty night elf allies real331 and b1209irthday hire a Priestess of the Moon and Keeper of the Grove , respectively .
These heroes are very army - centric , considering that the Priestess and Tauren wield two of the arguably best auras in the game .
The unarmored huntresses , augmented by the Priestess 's trueshot aura , can deal the majority of the damage while grunts bear the brunt of enemy forces .
b1209 irthday sends a scout wisp in a counterclockwise fashion , passing cum .
2ez 's peon on its way to make the first of many towers , and soon sends his Priestess of the Moon towards cum . 2ez 's base .
It spots the towers at the chokepoint on the right side , but before it can prevent their construction , is chased off by cum .
2ez 's Blademaster and welp .
2ez 's Archmage .
ugh.2ez 's Archmage is the first to scout legd - milk 's base , and decides to harass the exposed gold - mining peons .
It manages to unleash a few torrents of blizzard before being chased out by the Tauren Chieftain .
Moments later , the Archmage is ambushed by the Keeper and the Priestess .
ugh. 2ez , knowing that his Archmage was not going to survive three successive entangling roots from the Keeper , suicides it into the nearby creep camp to deny valuable experience .
Meanwhile , legd - milk 's Tauren and accompanying grunts finish creeping the nearest two green camps of thunder lizards as cum.
2ez 's Blademaster approaches b1209irthday 's soil .
b1209irthday 's arrangement of moonwells and hunter 's hall in front of his wood - gathering wisps frustrates the harassment .
The Blademaster tries his luck at real331 's base , and manages to kill two unsheltered wisps and cancel a moonwell before being forced to leave under duress by the Keeper .
Team GnH creeps both of its expansions with a hunt and grunt army , while team TOWA abuses creep AI and lures its expansion creeps into the range of nearby towers .
ugh. 2ez blizzard harasses legd - milk 's peon lines one more time , noticing that the orc built a second barracks at tier 2 and thus informing his team of an inevitable demolisher push .
Aggro Abuse
All creeps are set to ' guard mode ' and have a specific acquisition range ( aggro ) .
If a hero falls within that range , the creeps will chase to hit the hero , and continue hitting it until either dies .
If the hero goes beyond that target range , they will still continue to chase / hit for three seconds before they make a 180 - degree turn and head back to their original spot to ' guard ' .
This constant shifting between guard and attack modes means free hits by your units while the creeps are shuffling about .
This method of creeping is a trade - off between having your units take less damage from more powerful creeps , and taking a longer time to kill the creeps from having to pull the creeps out , getting a few hits , then chasing them back to their camp to continue the cycle until the creeps die .
At 8:00 , team GnH pushes the left chokepoint with the aid of two demolishers , after real331 switched from producing unarmored huntresses to medium - armored archers ( all towers have piercing damage which deals 150 % damage to unarmored units ) .
Dual blizzards from the two Archmages stave off the push , but a second Keeper from b1209irthday and focus fire from the archers bring the two Archmages to near death and force them to teleport out .
Owls from b1209irthday 's Priestess and huntresses effectively render any Blademaster harass futile .
Stage 2 - Anger
While the two Archmages and Blademaster heal , a newly hired Bloodmage by ugh .
2ez fends off the demolishers with a few well - placed flame strikes .
Each time team GnH entangles an Archmage or Bloodmage , the hero is chased into the range of team TOWA 's towers and several archers and huntresses fall to arrow fire .
legd - milk now has six demolishers delivering their load onto the towers of the left chokepoint , but the twice - upgraded human towers with + 7 heavy armor apiece and four heroes with AoE spells prove too challenging , and team GnH switches its focus to the orc watch towers of the right chokepoint with only +3 armor apiece .
The orc watch towers do prove a bit easier for the demolishers , compelling nearby human peasants to hastily add towers along the back row .
cum.2ez 's Blademaster and newly hired Alchemist die several times in a brazen effort to kill the siege units .
legd - milk now has eight demolishers , but he and b1209irthday are both in low upkeep with none of them expanding yet , compared to both expansions on team TOWA 's side having been taken .
Fifty Food
An important rule of any tower game is to stay under fifty food early to avoid any penalties incurred from having too large of an army .
This borrows heavily from the FFA mentality of hoarding as many gold mines as possible while staying under the minimum threshold for low upkeep .
Both highperch and FFA games can last well over a hour , and it 's crucial to have resources for the duration of the game .
If the opposing team stays at high upkeep and loses their army , they usually will not come back from the game .
Once the mountain has been successfully fully perched with several rings of towers , we can't help but laugh as our opponents throw waves upon waves of siege onto our tower shores at the two chokepoints .
Do n't get us wrong , we know perfectly well that our tower defense will eventually crumble .
There is little that even a dozen rows of towers can do against dragonhawks and chimaeras determined to break through .
But for the past half hour the opposing team is usually over 50 food and losing gold in both upkeep and from replacing their losses , which is more than enough time for us to drain the gold from our expansions , build 50 food armies consisting of mostly anti-air air units , and play the waiting game atop our indomitable perch fortress high up in the clouds .
Team GnH inadvertently switches back to assaulting the left chokepoint , killing welp .
2ez 's Archmage and Bloodmage once more , but loses half of its demolishers after chasing into tower range .
cum .
2ez builds half a dozen batriders and attacks b1209irthday 's base , but is forced to flee from the native dryads .
As of now , welp .
2ez has several priests and dragonhawks while ugh .
2ez has some priests and sorceresses .
Team GnH switches once again to attacking the right chokepoint , and in the meantime real331 's first chimaera arrives on the scene only to dive headlong into the mass of towers , dying after firing a single volley .
Newly upgraded fortified watch towers and the squad of dual Bloodmages and Archmages , all armed with orbs of lightning ( used to dispel magic and slow the movement speed of enemy units ) , easily fend off the siege .
ugh.2ez 's Archmage becomes focused and dies , and the Blademaster suicides himself in order to kill real331 's Keeper .
While team GnH is preoccupied with the siege , cum . 2ez 's half dozen batriders return and burn down b1209irthday 's tree of eternity .
This is when legd - milk and real331 both expand to their respective gold mines .
All of the players ' main goldmines expire around this point in the game .
Realizing that their tower defense was n't going to hold for long , cum .
2ez uses an invisibility potion on his Alchemist and sneakily hires a Tinker at the tavern behind enemy lines to begin the long and tedious perching process .
Meanwhile , both Archmages manage to die from multiple Tauren shockwaves and focus fire from a dozen +3/+0 demolishers .
welp .
2ez feeds gold to ugh .
2ez to buy dragonhawks and both gold and wood to cum . 2ez for towers .
When the Tinker finally reaches the top , a Bloodmage with a tiny hall teleports along to help clear the harpy camp , raze the trees with flame strike , and set up a human town hall .
The Tinker teleports out and a second later town portals back with a dozen orc peons to start construction of the perch tower perimeter .
Sadly , he is later killed off , having completed his job and not being able to do much else at level 1 .
He would actually become a burden , leeching precious experience that could otherwise fuel a level 6 Blademaster or Alchemist .
At 28:00 , an all - out push by team GnH , consisting of +0/+3 master bears backed by nine +3/+0 demolishers and a dozen +3/+0 archers with trueshot aura , endurance aura , and roar ( in total adding +49 damage to each demolisher 's base damage ) , easily steamrolls through the towers at the right chokepoint .
Tiny Town
How essential is it to have an orc ally in a highperch game ?
Well , we would n't be able to tower on the mountaintop without one .
The key lies in the orc voodoo shop .
Tiny great hall , a costly item that lets the orc player build a great hall instantly , also lets any allied player build the main hall for his respective race .
Once a hero with a tiny hall teleports to the mountaintop , any hero can use a teleport scroll to bring workers along with any other necessary units up onto the perch without the aid of a zeppelin .
A level 6 Archmage can teleport with workers to a druid of the talon or a gargoyle , but it 's neither practical nor a sure thing .
Thus , having an orc player is essential to proper perching .
On the topic of which racial town hall to build , there is n't that much room on the perch itself .
We always try to build a tree if we have a night elf ally , simply because it is the smallest town hall and can eat trees to help clear the way for towers .
If we do n't have a night elf player , then we build a human town hall because of its upgradeable armor bonuses .
Stage 3 - Bargaining
As team GnH 's army storms through the top half of the map in a counterclockwise manner , both of team TOWA 's human players kill off their peasants to deny experience .
ugh. 2ez furiously creates dragonhawk riders as fast as he can , but gaffes and forgets to research cloud for them , which is akin to a corsair 's disruption web that only works on buildings .
cum.2ez 's Blademaster and Alchemist creep the remaining camps left on the map , while welp .
2ez 's Archmage and Bloodmage single - handedly flatten the entirety of legd - milk 's main base .
ugh .
2ez was n't slacking either , and manages to kill off all the peons at legd - milk 's nearby expansion with his two heroes .
Of course , team GnH , thinking that the game was already in their grasp , could have cared less about any of these consequences .
Team TOWA quickly realizes that they do n't have any ground units on the map that they could teleport to with a staff of teleportation later in the game .
Their heroes would just sit idle on the perch twiddling their thumbs while being sieged by chimaeras .
However , if allowed to run wild outside their perch home , the Blademaster could steadily gain experience from picking off lone units and workers until it attained level 6 .
Its ultimate , Bladestorm , can bring clusters of buildings and units alike to their knees .
cum .
2ez luckily had the foresight to buy four mechanical critters from the human shop and scatter them around the map , hiding them in corners and behind various trees .
An invulnerable owl scout from b1209irthday 's Priestess inadvertently flies directly over team TOWA 's perch fortress at 38:30 .
Half a minute later , team TOWA 's last non-perch structure falls .
A quick update on the two teams :
Close to 20 k gold remain in the only three goldmines left on the map .
Realizing that they 'll need to stay below upkeep in order to maximize the amount of gold they can mine , legd - milk smashes one of his demolishers to stay at exactly 50 food .
Four minutes later , he says to heck with it and kills the rest of his demolishers , since they were utterly useless against the perch fortress and were only fodder for any invisible Blademasters stalking about .
At 45:00 , real331 resumes chimaera production , summoning his second chimaera of the game .
Thirteen minutes later , real331 's three chimaera roosts and legd - milk 's three beastiaries have finished producing eight +2/+1 chimaeras and two dozen +3/+0 batriders , respectively .
They 're promptly buffed with a +25 % damage from the roar of a master bear , and start sieging the lower - left corner of team TOWA 's perch .
Stage 4 - Depression
The chimaeras successfully take out five watch towers before a batrider succumbs to tower fire .
Despite the huge swarm of bats encircling the chimaeras , team TOWA ’s dragonhawk riders instigate a skirmish by using aerial shackles , which immobilizes any air unit and deals 30 damage per second , on several of the chimaeras beyond the range of the towers .
In the aftermath , team TOWA trades all six of its batriders and four dragonhawks for team GnH ’s 24 batriders .
All eight chimaeras survive the encounter , but their health are in the yellow from the batriders ' splash damage .
They retreat briefly to heal under the cast of tranquility from real331 ’s Keeper .
cum.2ez ’s Blademaster harasses legd - milk ’s expansion , killing a few burrows and all of the gold - mining peons to become mere experience points away from level 5 .
Then , a hilarious incident occurs .
At 58:00 , welp .
2ez makes invisible all nine of his remaining dragonhawk riders with the help of ugh .
2ez ’s sorceresses , and dispatches them in search of lone , unsuspecting air units .
Despite the danger of invisible - detecting owl scouts on the prowl , the dragonhawks find three batriders near the center of the map .
The three immediately get shackled and destroyed , but reinforcements quickly appear in the form of three batriders approaching from the left side and three more from the right .
In an amazing feat of micro , welp .
2ez selects his six remaining dragonhawk riders with aerial shackles not on cooldown and manages to shackle all six incoming batriders .
On the way back to their stronghold after their remarkable success , the dragonhawks stumble upon real331 ’s chimaera group hovering above some archers .
The chimaeras become shackled , but the archers force the dragonhawks to retreat and they end up trading a chimaera for a dragonhawk .
At this point in the game , both of the bottom two expansions expire and only 2.5 k remain in the one at the top right .
legd - milk has quickly rebuilt his batrider air force by now and , despite a pesky Blademaster skewering one with the help of purge from its lightning orb , has 24 batriders once again .
At 1:02:00 , nine chimaeras hit the top left corner of the perch , wiping out six towers .
A second skirmish ensues , and a dragonhawk is traded for a chimaera and four bats .
Three minutes later , the chimaeras attack the middle of the perch ’s left side and lay waste to two towers before losing a chimaera and batrider to tower fire .
Meanwhile , ugh. 2ez ’s Alchemist kills a few burrows at legd - milk ’s lower - left expansion for 25 valuable experience points apiece .
It is very close now to level 5 .
Ten chimaeras , accompanied by 18 batriders , hit the bottom side of the perch .
A dragonhawk rider is traded for four batriders , and moments later , another three bats suicide themselves to snipe a second dragonhawk rider .
While running around picking off lone peons , cum. 2ez ’s Blademaster stumbles upon real331 ’s cache of archers at the top right expansion .
The Alchemist teleports along and the two heroes quickly massacre nine archers , bringing the Alchemist to two - thirds of a level away from level 6 .
Before reinforcements arrive , the Blademaster uses its staff of sanctuary to teleport the Alchemist back onto the perch , then windwalks himself away into thin air .
With transmute as an ultimate and able to turn any non-hero enemy unit into gold at a very low cooldown , a level 6 Alchemist is a clear win against the looming chimaera threat .
The chimaeras commit to several hit - and - run attacks , picking off towers one at a time before quickly retreating .
At 1:15:00 , three more bats suicide themselves to kill a dragonhawk , and soon afterwards , legd - milk ’s 10 remaining bats successfully eliminate all five of team TOWA 's dragonhawks .
Fifteen minutes pass .
The Blademaster finds two lone bears wandering about the lower - right expansion , and the Alchemist teleports along to try and slay them .
However , the rejeuvenation skill of the bears , which heals a unit for 400 hitpoints over twelve seconds , proves too strong for both heroes to overcome before reinforcements arrive .
Blademaster staffs out the Alchemist before being ambushed , and this is where cum .
2ez makes a huge error .
The Blademaster uses a staff of teleportation on himself , which unlike a town portal does n't make the unit invulnerable during the teleport animation .
cum .
2ez does this before being entangled by a Keeper that he failed to see in time .
Lacking any potions or mana for windwalk , the Blademaster quickly falls .
cum .
2ez now has to build two burrows and an altar in order to revive his slain Blademaster , while his team ’s towers are getting picked off left and right by constant fly - bys from the ten chimaeras .
Six minutes later the Blademaster is back on the ground , but team TOWA is down to just three watch towers and one arcane tower .
There were originally over 40 towers on the perch ; now 's there 's only four .
For the next several minutes , the chimaeras make several more passes at the perch .
In the process , they lose four of their number due to purges from the four heroes guarding the perch who all possess an orb of lightning .
Alchemist , thanks to these kills , is now only one - fifth of a level away from level 6 .
It needs to kill pretty much all six of the remaining chimaeras to reach the next level , or a miracle …
... a miracle that comes in the form of real331 ’s level 7 Keeper .
None of the players on team GnH has any gold left , and if one of their heroes were to die , they would n't have enough resources to revive it .
cum.2ez ’s Blademaster spots the Keeper all alone south of their mountain at 1:47:00 , and Alchemist quickly teleports along .
The Keeper proves no match for a Blademaster with 150 damage critical attacks and a chemically enraged Alchemist .
Alchemist reaches level 6 , and legd - milk decides at this point to leave the game .
Stage 5 - Acceptance
The game really is over by now .
The chimaeras are effectively neutered by the fear of being turned into gold , and b1209irthday is forced to kill off his bears to avoid having them be transmuted .
Eventually , real331 's chimaeras are picked off one by one , and team GnH 's three heroes can only huddle around the tree of life at the upper - right expansion , knowing that their time has come to an end .
All six of team TOWA 's heroes teleport down to mop up the remnants of team GnH 's army and scattered buildings , and the game is finally over at 2:04:00 .
Afterthoughts
At a few points late in this game , team GnH could have won by getting a druid of the talon onto the perch for their heroes to teleport onto , considering they had a level 7 Tauren Chieftain backed up by tranquility , starfall , twin Keepers with entangle , and dozens of disposable chimaeras .
could have won by getting a druid of the talon onto the perch for their heroes to teleport onto , considering they had a level 7 Tauren Chieftain backed up by tranquility , starfall , twin Keepers with entangle , and dozens of disposable chimaeras .
If you know the game will facilitate high level heroes , as tower games are prone to do , a level 6 Dark Ranger , Alchemist , or Blademaster will usually secure the win .
Against undead players with frost wyrms , build towers at least half a tower square apart .
Freezing breath will freeze towers and all adjacent structures , so spacing them out will avoid this .
Build orc towers against magic , and human towers against siege .
Use your judgment and build a healthy mix of the two .
A very fast grunt and fiend push can steamroll towers , and footmen are also terribly effective since defend makes them nearly invincible to tower fire .
Huntresses are n't encouraged because they 're unarmored .
We need something below the perch to teleport to , whether it's a mechanical critter , hidden tree of life , or a druid of the talon .
You find these , and we can't do shit outside our perch .
We will probably use batriders and invisible mortars against your mains .
How else do you expect us to win while turtling behind our towers ?
Expect this and properly defend against it .
Q : How do you beat a turtling terran in Starcraft ?
A : You outexpand him .
The same principle applies in tower games .
Make your base harass - proof against heroes like the Blademaster .
Do n't go into upkeep !
These are three hour long games ; gold becomes very precious in the late game .
When rushing a towering team early , do n't attack the human base with its tough armor , towers , and militia .
Try attacking the orc or night elf player first .
Props
BattleReports for making their reports free throughout the years .
ZerG~LinG for his excellent CSS guide .
If this report looks good it 's because of his very helpful template .
Mata. , Sir_Tweak , Bear_And , DirtmcGirt , Kunt .
Roii , MrFrosty and Timg4 Strok for their expertise and excellent replays .
The replay of this game can be found here Some thoughts about this game and highperching in general :
And some advice for people playing against towering teams :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Ukraine 's pro-Moscow opposition leader Viktor Yanukovych will win a narrow victory in the country 's presidential election , electoral officials say .
With more than 99 % of votes counted , Mr Yanukovych had a 3.2 % lead over his rival , PM Yulia Tymoshenko , media said .
Mr Yanukovych called on Mrs Tymoshenko to quit , but she refused and is expected to challenge the result .
International observers described the vote as an " impressive display of democratic elections " .
" For everyone in Ukraine , this election was a victory , " the observers , led by the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe , said in a statement .
AT THE SCENE Richard Galpin , BBC News , Kiev
It could still be several days before the official and final result is announced , but Mr Yanukovych now knows he has been elected Ukraine 's next president .
Five years ago he was the villain of the Orange Revolution .
He was humiliated in his bid to lead the country , the election then was ruled to have been fraudulent .
It is possible the result of Sunday 's election will also be challenged .
His rival in the race , Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , has still not admitted defeat .
If he is able to take power , Mr Yanukovych is certain to develop much closer relations with Russia .
While the leaders of the Orange Revolution have been in government , Ukraine has shifted decisively away from Moscow and much closer to the West .
Decision time for Tymoshenko
" It is now time for the country 's political leaders to listen to the people 's verdict and make sure that the transition of power is peaceful and constructive . "
The BBC's Richard Galpin in Kiev says favourable judgements by the electoral commission and international observers will make it much more difficult for Mrs Tymoshenko to challenge the outcome .
She has postponed a news conference on the result until Tuesday .
The results suggest a remarkable comeback after Mr Yanukovych was swept aside by the 2004 " Orange Revolution " .
Under the 59 - year - old former mechanic , Ukraine 's foreign policy is expected to become more pro-Russian .
Our correspondent says a Yanukovych win would be an extraordinary indictment of the pro-Western Orange Revolution leaders ' failure to deliver on their promises , which has left people deeply disillusioned .
Politics in Ukraine has now gone full circle , our correspondent adds .
Mr Yanukovych was a presidential candidate in the last election in 2004 , which was found to have been rigged in his favour .
WHY UKRAINE MATTERS Russian Black Sea fleet based in Sevastopol , Crimea Most Europe - bound Russian gas piped through Ukraine Large ethnic Russian and Russian - speaking minority in Crimea and industrialised east Strong nationalist , pro-Western sentiment in west Aspirations for EU and Nato membership , though latter strongly opposed by Russia
Why the future was not Orange Send us your views Ukraine election result : Voters react Mrs Tymoshenko's impassioned leadership of the subsequent street protests that swept him from power - and thrust her to office , along with Viktor Yushchenko - made her an international celebrity .
But the prime minister - once a fierce critic of Russian involvement in Ukraine - has close ties with her Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , who said at a recent meeting she was someone he could " do business with " .
Incumbent President Viktor Yushchenko lost in the first round of the election last month .
With more than 99 % of votes counted , Mr Yanukovych was ahead with some 48.83 % of the vote , with Mrs Tymoshenko at around 45.59 % , according to media reports .
It is set to be a narrower margin of victory than Mr Yanukovych had been hoping for , but he has already congratulated his supporters and said he will deliver the change the country is yearning for .
Mud-slinging
The opposition leader reportedly said it was time for his rival to quit .
Yulia Tymoshenko traded claims of foul play with the Yanukovych camp " I think that Yulia Tymoshenko should prepare to resign .
She understands that well , " Interfax - Ukraine quoted him as saying in a television interview .
" In any case , I believe such a suggestion will be put to her . "
But Mrs Tymoshenko , 49 , showed no sign of standing down .
In a news conference earlier , she said her team was conducting a " parallel count " and urged them to " fight for every result , every document , every vote " .
Mr Yanukovych won last month 's first round of voting , finishing 10 percentage points ahead of Mrs Tymoshenko .
She has threatened to take her supporters to the streets if defeated , saying the protests could be larger than those of the Orange Revolution .
Sunday 's vote came after a bitter mud-slinging campaign in which real policy issues and debate appeared to have been forgotten , says our correspondent .
On Saturday , Mrs Tymoshenko's political bloc accused Mr Yanukovych 's Party of Regions of blocking her supporters from overseeing the vote in the eastern Donetsk region .
Mr Yanukovych 's camp hit back with allegations that some supporters of the prime minister had been tampering with ballots in an attempt to get votes from eastern Ukraine disqualified .
President Yushchenko - who came fifth in last month 's first round - led a series of bitter personal attacks on former ally Mrs Tymoshenko during the campaign .
His working relationship with the prime minister over the last five years was poisoned by bickering as Ukraine became engulfed by an economic crisis , with its GDP plummeted 15 % last year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Idiot shows off his less than spectacular forklift skills
On Tuesday , Facebook was awarded a major patent for “ Dynamically providing a news feed about a user of a social network ” .
This is a huge deal for a number of reasons , most significantly that it grants Facebook the opportunity to pursue other social networks which are infringing on their patent .
Included in the patent are additional claims including feed filters , feed advertising , searching the feed , and more .
( update
We ’ve been told that this is about the implicit feed stories .
Will update when we have more info . )
Earlier this morning we reported on another patent which actually has not yet been approved but was simply published .
This patent is confirmed published .
The application was submitted back in 2006 , before many other social networks integrated the feed as a major component .
Twitter , for example , did n’t even launch prior to Facebook submitting this patent which could theoretically hold significant implications .
The inventors named on the patent are some of the company ’s top executives , including the founder , Mark Zuckerberg : Mark Zuckerberg , Ruchi Sanghvi , Andrew Bosworth , Chris Cox , Aaron Sittig , Chris Hughes , Katie Geminder , and Dan Corson .
What this patent means for the future of the social networking space is unknown , however this patent could be considered as significant as the original six degrees patent .
In contrast to the patent that we wrote about this morning , the news feed patent is much more general , which means it could be interpreted a lot of ways .
For example , below is the news feed generation process as described by the patent :
Essentially it includes the generation of feed stories followed by the limiting of viewers of those stories .
As many avid followers of the social networking space know , the feed ( also called the “ stream ” ) has become one of the central components of online social activity .
The entire Twitter product , for example , is a feed .
Whether or not Twitter should be concerned about this new patent award is unknown , however this could be considered one of the most significant social web patent since Jan. 16 , 2001 , the day the six degrees patent was first published .
Update
It appears that this patent surrounds implicit actions .
This means status updates , which is what Twitter is based on , are not part of this patent .
Instead , this is about stories about the actions of a user ’s friends .
While still significant , the implications for competing social networks may be less substantial .
Zu Ihrer Suche konnte leider kein Treffer gefunden werden .
Bitte überprüfen
Sie die Schreibweise oder versuchen Sie es mit ähnlichen Suchbegriffen .
Israel 's Troubling Tilt Toward Apartheid The United Nations General Assembly may well have been wrong in 1975 to equate Zionism with racism , since many early Israelis rejected extremist notions regarding separation of Jews from Arabs .
But today a virulent form of Zionism is turning Israel in the direction of an intolerant apartheid state .
Email
Printer friendly
This ultra -conservative strain of Judaism is now represented at senior levels of Benjamin Netanyahu ’s government , especially in the Housing Ministry , which recently humiliated Vice President Joe Biden by announcing 1,600 more Jewish housing units in East Jerusalem as Biden was arriving to reaffirm U.S. solidarity with Israel .
An under - reported element of the flare - up between the Obama administration and Netanyahu ’s government is that Israel ’s Housing Minister Ariel Atias , who sprang the announcement during Biden ’s visit , is a religious fanatic whose ultra-Orthodox Judaism is about as intolerant of others as many extreme forms of Islam are .
Atias , a rising star in the religious Shas Party , has publicly called for imposing legal and physical constraints on the housing choices of Israel ’s Arab population .
But his demands for segregation do not stop at Arabs .
He also targets secular Jews who do n’t follow strict religious rules .
Last July , Atias told a conference of the Israel Bar Association that Israel ’s Arab population must be prevented from buying homes in many parts of Israel .
" I see [ it ] as a national duty to prevent the spread of a population that , to say the least , does not love the state of Israel , " Atias declared .
" If we go on like we have until now , we will lose the Galilee .
Populations that should not mix are spreading there .
I do n't think that it is appropriate [ for them ] to live together . "
Atias also spoke favorably about relying on aggressive ultra-Orthodox Jews , known as Haredis , to keep the Arabs in line .
Citing Jewish - Arab tensions that broke out in the town of Acre , Atias recounted a conversation he had with the city ’s mayor about how Acre could be saved .
Atias said : “ He told me ' bring a bunch of Haredis and we 'll save the city , even if I lose my political standing . '
He told me that Arabs are living in Jewish buildings and running them out . "
In Atias ’s vision for Israel , certain lands would be sold to Arabs , others to ultra-Orthodox Jews , and still others to secular Jews , creating a nation segregated along inter- and intra-religious lines .
“ I , as an ultra-Orthodox Jew , do n't think that religious Jews should have to live in the same neighborhood as secular couples , so as to avoid unnecessary friction , ” Atias explained .
Some of that friction between the ultra-Orthodox Jews and secular Jews relates to the anger of the ultra-Orthodox Haredis against Jewish women dressing in ways that are considered immodest or against secular Jews who do n’t follow strict rules against using machinery on the Sabbath .
These tensions are similar to those in strict Islamic states , where morality police arrest or humiliate women whose bodies are not adequately covered .
Atias noted that the ultra-Orthodox Haredis “ need synagogues and do not want any traffic on Shabbat .
Seculars demand cultural facilities . ”
Favoring His Own Inside Israel , Atias has come under criticism for favoring his fellow ultra-Orthodox Jews in opening more new housing units to them than to secular Jews and surely to Arabs .
" There is a severe housing crisis among the young ultra-Orthodox couples , and in the general population , ” Atias said , explaining his thinking .
“ And since some 5,000 to 6,000 religious couples get married every year , a problem arises because they require a certain kind of community life that goes along with their lifestyle . "
Commenting on Atias ’s statements , some leftist members of the Knesset have deplored the racism implicit in his policies .
" Racism is spreading throughout the government , and Minister Atias is the latest to express it , ” said Hadash Chairman Mohammad Barakeh .
“ The government and everyone in it must realize that Arabs are living in their homeland and they have no other .
If there is any foreign element in the Galilee , it is not the Arabs . "
[ For details , see Haaretz.com , and Ynet.com , July 2 , 2009 ]
Last September , in announcing favorable housing decisions for his ultra-Orthodox brethren , Atias reaffirmed his goal of achieving a segregated society .
" I 've said it in the past and I say it again : I do n't think populations can be mixed together , ” Atias told Haaretz .
“ A Haredi [ ultra - Orthodox ] population needs to live in locations with other Haredim , so we do n't descend to sectarian violence , as is happening right now in Kiryat Yovel in Jerusalem . …
“ I advocate the separation of population groups as a healthy solution . ”
The 39 - year - old Atias is regarded as a poorly educated politician who travels little , if at all , outside Israel .
Still , he is an emerging powerbroker in the Shas Party , which represents a key element of Netanyahu ’s Likud coalition .
Atias , who previously was in charge of inspecting kosher meat and who has advocated censorship of the Internet , was placed second on the Shas candidate list in 2009 .
In Israel , the position of Housing Minister also is very important , given the significance of settlements to the concept of a Greater Israel and to the peace process .
Past housing ministers have included future prime ministers , including Ariel Sharon and Netanyahu himself .
Atias ’s intolerance toward the mixing of Arabs and Jews and even Jews of different religious orientation goes a long way to explain the refusal of Netanyahu ’s government to pull back on expansion of Jewish settlements into traditionally Arab lands .
To do so would risk rupturing the governing coalition .
‘ Anti-Semitic ’ Charge Criticism of Israeli housing policies often draws angry responses from right - wing Israelis and American neoconservatives .
For instance , the Obama administration ’s complaint about Atias ’s housing decision during Biden ’s visit prompted Netanyahu ’s brother - in - law , Hagai Ben Artzi , to label Obama as “ anti-Semitic , ” adding : “ it 's not that Obama does n't sympathize with [ Netanyahu ] .
He does n't sympathize with the people of Israel . "
Netanyahu quickly distanced himself from Artzi ’s comment .
American neocons also have blamed Obama primarily for the housing dispute with Netanyahu 's government .
On Tuesday , the Washington Post ’s neocon editorialists wrote , “ It has been a little startling – and a little puzzling – to see Mr. Obama deliberately plunge into another public brawl with the Jewish state . …
The dispute ’s dramatic escalation … seems to have come at the direct impetus of Mr. Obama . ”
On March 2 , Post columnist Richard Cohen labeled as anti-Semitic pretty much anyone who objects to Israel ’s discrimination against Palestinians .
Israel “ is not motivated by racism , ” Cohen declared .
“ That ’s more than can be said for many of its critics . ”
Cohen was especially outraged by anyone who would compare the plight of Palestinians in and around Israel to South African blacks under “ apartheid . ”
Yet , while the parallel is far from perfect , Atias ’s plans for segregated neighborhoods for Arabs , for secular Jews and for ultra-Orthodox Jews does sound a lot like apartheid .
Even thoughtful Israelis are beginning to grapple with the moral and political dilemma of Jewish settlers seizing Palestinian lands on the basis of Biblical mandates in which God supposedly granted all the territory to the Israelites .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak , a Labor Party representative in Netanyahu ’s government , has warned that the extreme Zionist vision of a Greater Israel could lead to either a single state with a Palestinian majority or special rules to limit Palestinian civil rights .
“ If , and as long as between the Jordan and the sea , there is only one political entity , named Israel , it will end up being either non-Jewish or non-democratic , ” Barak said at a recent security conference .
“ If the Palestinians vote in elections , it is a bi-national state , and if they do n't , it is an apartheid state . ”
However , to the Post ’s Cohen , you are deserving of the ugly charge of anti-Semitism if you suggest that some form of apartheid looms in Israel ’s future if it continues down its current path .
Cohen scolded Henry Siegman , who wrote an op -ed for the Financial Times and mentioned the word apartheid several times .
Noting that Siegman was a former executive director of the American Jewish Congress , Cohen conceded that “ anti-Semitism is not the issue here . ”
Cohen then added , however , “ anti-Semitism is not so easily dismissed with others . ”
Such knee - jerk defenses of Israel by influential American neocons apparently have emboldened Netanyahu and his coalition allies like Shas to believe they can do pretty much whatever they wish regardless of the desires – or interests – of the United States .
Other Middle East experts believe Atias and his Shas Party may be oblivious to the political repercussions in Washington .
As The Atlantic ’s Jeffrey Goldberg told New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd , “ It ’s not entirely clear to me that the Shas Party knows who Joe Biden is or cares . ”
Prince Saud al - Faisal , Saudi Arabia ’s foreign minister , told Dowd that Israel ’s ultra-conservative religious groups were “ killing every option that comes out that has peace in its objective . ”
Still , with U.S. neocons protecting Netanyahu ’s back regardless of the reckless actions of his Shas allies , his government seems destined to plunge ever deeper into ethnic and religious segregation .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
There better not be a shortage of pencils for this artist .
Jennifer Maestre makes beautiful sculptures out of pencils .
To make these sculptures , she takes hundreds of pencils , cuts them into 1 - inch sections and drills a hole in each section to turn them into beads .
She then sharpens them all and sews them together .
Her sculptures were originally inspired by the form and function of the sea urchin .
“ The spines of the urchin , so dangerous yet beautiful , serve as an explicit warning against contact .
The alluring texture of the spines draws the touch in spite of the possible consequences . ”
Maestre is also inspired by animals , plants , other art , Ernst Haeckel , Odilon Redon and mythology .
Sometimes she ’ll make a mistake with one of her sculptures which will inspire her to do another one in a whole new direction .
Maestre was born in Johannesburg , South Africa and attended the Massachusetts College of Art .
She has been teaching her techniques for years .
I love these sculptures and to me they look like they could be quite dangerous .
Who needs to carry a gun when you can keep one of these around in your house in case a robber breaks in .
Source : linkspedia
Check out these cool pencil carvings to see more things you can do with pencils .
By Yasha Levine and Mark Ames
The Tea Party Revolution has struck the Texas gubernatorial race , with the insurgent Republican candidate , Debra Medina , gaining in the polls and threatening the leading candidates , incumbent Gov. Rick Perry and Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison .
Medina has positioned herself as a radical anti-government outsider who would cut Texas free from federal government programs and influence in favor of the free market .
However , according to an investigation of Medina ’s business records , her company , Prudentia Inc. , benefited greatly over the past decade from federal government subsidies and lucrative municipal government contracts .
Our investigation shows that when you scratch the surface of Texas ’ rising tea party star , you ’ll find just another Bush - Republican , big - government hypocrite .
On Tuesday , Texas will hold a gubernatorial primary election that has come down to a three - way fight for the GOP nomination .
Surprisingly , Medina , a rookie Republican candidate from the tiny rural town of Wharton who has positioned herself as the tea party alternative , is soaring beyond expectation .
She has become a national celebrity , suddenly posing a threat to Gov. Perry and Sen. Hutchison .
A tougher , rougher , stockier version of Sarah Palin , Medina surged in the polls after she slammed her mainstream Republican opponents in a televised debate , accusing both Perry and Hutchison of succumbing to “ big - government solutions ” and selling out their Republican ideals .
But for all her derision , Medina has been milking taxpayers for years , including those in her own community who subsidize her business .
Medina , a 44 - year - old registered nurse who presents herself as the proud owner of a small medical billing business , offered a small - government platform based on God and the free market .
She would scrap Texas ’ property taxes , criminalize abortions , expand home - schooling , eliminate guns laws and shrink government to the size of a walnut .
“ If we get government off the backs of Texans , we ’re not gonna have an economic crisis .
We ’re not gonna have an energy crisis .
We ’re not gonna have an immigration crisis , ” she yelled to an audience of “ Do n’t Tread on Me ” types during a stump speech at a Chevrolet dealership .
The crowd went wild for Medina .
She had all the right credentials : ran a small business , grew up on a farm in rural Texas , paid her dues as Texas coordinator for Ron Paul ’s 2008 presidential campaign , home - schooled her children , did n’t trust flu vaccines and always carried a loaded Springfield 9 - millimeter in her purse — and made sure she was photographed doing it .
But the biggest villain of all in Medina ’s rhetoric is the United States federal government .
In the Republican primary debate in January , Medina said that the federal government ’s powers should be stripped down to nothing more than making treaties with other countries .
She also has said that as governor of Texas she would make sure that her state ’s laws overruled the federal government ’s — under what ’s called “ nullification ” — and that she would do her best to stop just short of full secession from the Union .
Tea - baggers are slurping it up , but they probably are n’t aware exactly what it is they ’re slurping .
Despite her impassioned rhetoric and principled anti-federal government stands , Debra Medina has n’t stuck by her principles .
What she has n’t told her libertarian supporters is that her business success over the past decade has depended on the government subsidies and contracts that she denounces .
The tea party candidate is the same sort of hypocrite as her Republican foes : preaching free - market ideals to the masses while profiting off taxpayer money .
According to data compiled by OMB Watch , Medina ’s medical billing company , Prudentia Inc. , was granted a $ 50,000 federal loan guarantee shortly after she incorporated it in 2002 .
The loan guarantee came courtesy of a program administered by the Small Business Administration , headquartered in Washington — a program that Republicans tried to kill twice in the past 15 years .
Thanks to the federal government ’s loan guarantees , Medina and people like her are able to secure loans for their fledgling small businesses that banks might otherwise be reluctant to grant , or would charge a higher rate of interest on .
How did Medina qualify ?
The federal record describes such loan guarantees as being “ for small businesses which are unable to obtain financing in the private credit marketplace . ”
In the terms of Ayn Rand , this makes Medina one of the “ moochers ” who needed to soak the “ producers ” to fund her business , rather than ( to use Medina ’s words ) “ having the courage ” to let the business sink or swim in the free market .
Apparently Medina was not ready to face her beloved free market :
She stood in judgment before the Invisible Hand , got an invisible thumbs down and beelined it straight to Uncle Sam for a loan guarantee .
And yet Medina does not want to share the welfare she gets with her fellow Texans , which seems kind of unfair .
Here ’s what she ’s promising to offer the suckers : “ Get the government off their back , let them get out there and get a job , and we do n’t have to worry about unemployment , that charity does not belong with the government , ” she told one right - wing radio host .
But while Medina would get government off everyone else ’s back , she has made a handsome profit piggybacking on the government twice over : first , with a federal loan guarantee , and , even worse , by using that government - subsidized business to soak the taxpayers of Wharton , Texas , her hometown , by obtaining lucrative city contracts .
In October 2002 , just a few months after getting the federal loan guarantee , Medina was ready to start operating her business .
And that meant heading straight to the Wharton City Council , where Medina lobbied the government to hand her a sweetheart deal to manage billing and collection for the city ’s emergency medical services ( EMS ) .
Despite the fact that Medina ’s company was brand new and therefore untested , the council voted unanimously to dump the previous company and bring Prudentia onboard , under generous terms .
The city agreed to pay an 8.5 percent commission on whatever Prudentia collected ( rising to 10 percent for collections over $ 500,000 ) .
According to Medina ’s political campaign , Prudentia Inc. is a company that improves medical billing procedures .
“ Improves ” for whom ?
Definitely for Medina .
On average , Prudentia hauled in roughly $ 70,000 a year from 2002 through 2009 , judging by city records and Medina ’s claim that Prudentia collected about half of the outstanding medical bills owed to the EMS .
In 2009 , Prudentia made $ 72,000 — a 9.3 percent commission — twice what private billing companies charged in some smaller but more affluent cities .
In California , Berkeley paid only 4.5 percent and Manhattan Beach paid only 3.5 percent .
On the other side of the U.S. , Chelmsford , Mass . , paid 4 percent .
But Prudentia ’s exorbitant fees are n’t surprising in the Lone Star state , which has a nasty reputation for habitually overcharging Medicare , according to a recent article in The New Yorker .
The medical professionals in Texas regularly overcharge Medicare , surpassing every other state .
Prudentia ’s record of overcharging offers a window into how Lone Star State Medicare queens operate :
In 2003 , just months after Prudential secured its first Wharton contract , Medina appeared before the City Council with a recommendation that the city increase its ambulance transportation fee from $ 8 to $ 8.48 per mile , the maximum per-mile charge that Medicare would reimburse .
Her reasoning was simple : Wharton could pad its billing to Medicare .
The council agreed , and voted unanimously to raise the rate to $ 8.50 per mile — two cents more per mile than what Medicare pays — increasing costs for everyone except Prudentia Inc. , which took in 4 cents more in commission for every single EMS mile it billed .
That meant more out - of - pocket cost for Wharton citizens misfortunate enough to require EMS care , and more bleeding of American taxpayers stuck with picking up the Medicare expenses .
Are you starting to get the picture of what this Tea Bag Revolution is going to look like in reality ?
Celebrity libertarian Ron Paul , who in 2009 gushed about Medina and endorsed her bid for governor , thinks she ’s upholding the small - government ideal : “ As chairman of the Wharton County Republican Party , she has stood up to the big government establishment and fought to hold our party accountable to our platform and our conservative Texas values . ”
Further down in the endorsement text , Rep . Paul said , “ Debra is a true success story and role model for Texans across our state . ”
She ’s certainly a model Bush Republican : Force all the suckers who vote for you to “ compete ” in the brutal free market , while laughing all the way to the federally funded bank .
No wonder Medina is against health care reform : that would mean messing with her cash cow .
And that ’s not all .
Reports that Medina used campaign funds to buy clothes for herself further demonstrate her hypocrisy .
She may have also misrepresented her ethnicity .
According to voting registration records that we obtained , in 1991 Medina , born Debra Carolyn Parker ( her last name comes from husband Noe ) , listed her race as “ Hispanic . ”
A year ago , on the eve of the first tea party protest , we were the first to debunk the movement as a fake grass - roots “ astroturf ” campaign , and expose its rich Republican sponsors , Freedomworks .
Our article caused considerable controversy , as well as a coordinated smear campaign and a lawsuit threat against the article ’s publisher , but finally Freedomworks admitted its role in setting up the campaign , and we were proved right .
Ultimately , this astroturf movement evolved into a kind of “ grass - roots ” popular movement that is today as overestimated by the clueless media as it was underestimated last spring when it first began .
What Medina ’s candidacy proves is that the tea party movement has gone full circle , right back to what its rich sponsors paid it to be : talking the tough libertarian talk , while walking the same old corrupt big - government Republican walk .
POSTSCRIPT :
So far , we have not received comment from Medina ’s campaign .
After repeated attempts , we finally succeeded in sending these questions by e-mail to Medina ’s campaign assistant , Gwen Walton :
1 . Ms Medina says she is opposed to federal government “ interference ” in the free markets and health care in particular , saying , “ Your government has to be courageous enough to say ‘ That ’s not our job , we ca n’t help you . ’ ” However , our investigation shows that her business , Prudentia , has derived a substantial advantage from government assistance and contracts : federal assistance from a 2002 SBA loan guarantee to Prudentia , and local government assistance in the form of lucrative contracts handed to Ms Medina ’s company shortly after receiving the federal loan .
Our question is :
How does she explain to her supporters that it ’s fair for Ms. Medina to reap the benefits of government subsidized loans and contracts for her personal gain , but wrong for her Texan constituents to receive the same advantages ?
2. Regarding Prudentia ’s business , what portion of the company ’s revenues come from contracts with the city of Wharton , and what portion of revenues does her company earn from “ free market ” clients : the “ physicians , attorneys , insurance companies and ambulance services ” she says are her clients ?
3 . According to records , Ms Medina registered to vote in 1991 in Texas , identifying her race as “ Hispanic . ”
Exactly how “ Hispanic ” is Ms Medina ?
Who among her parents , grandparents , etc is “ Hispanic ” ?
4. Has Ms Medina ever applied as a “ Hispanic ” for government contracts , government loans or student loans ?
Has Ms Medina ever used her gender or “ Hispanic ” race to gain competitive advantage in either business or student activities ?
What about the SBA loan — was her Prudentia loan granted based on a program favoring either Ms. Medina ’s gender or “ Hispanic ” race ?
The award of a prize celebrating spiritual scientists at the U.S. National Academy of Sciences headquarters this week has irritated some atheist science - bloggers .
The 2010 Templeton Prize Laureate will be announced Thursday at the NAS headquarters in Washington D.C. at 11 a.m. ET .
The $ 1.5 million prize is given by the John Templeton Foundation .
The Philadelphia - based organization funds , " discovery in areas engaging life 's biggest questions , " and awards its prize to scientists involved with religious or spiritual thought in some fashion .
The award " each year honors a living person who has made an exceptional contribution to affirming life 's spiritual dimension , whether through insight , discovery , or practical work , " the foundation says .
" The U.S. National Academy of Sciences has brought ignominy on itself by agreeing to host the announcement , " wrote well - known scientist and author Richard Dawkins , on his blog Wednesday .
" This is exactly the kind of thing Templeton is ceaselessly angling for -- recognition among real scientists -- and they use their money shamelessly to satisfy their doomed craving for scientific respectability . "
University of Minnesota , Morris , biologist P.Z. Myers also weighed in , saying " Bad form , NAS , " on his Pharyngula blog .
Spats over science , religion and atheism have flared up frequently among opinion writers in recent years , notably with last year 's appointment of genome expert Francis Collins , an evangelical Christian , as head of the National Institutes of Health .
" We 're letting Templeton use the room as a courtesy because the award is going to an NAS member , " says spokesman William Kearney , by email .
The Templeton foundation is paying for room and webcast of the ceremony , says Kearney , who did n't have any comment on the blog complaints .
So , who is the mystery winner ?
Dawkins and Myers guess NIH chief Collins , with side bets on a few other scientists .
The award setting narrows the field , a little .
" All I can say is it 's one of our 2,000 or so NAS members , " Kearney says .
So , stay tuned , or place your bets , if you feel a particular voice calling to you .
Readers , do you think the NAS should have hosted the ceremony ?
By Dan Vergano
UPDATE : 3/25/10 --
And we have a winner !
It 's onetime priest - turned - disease researcher Francisco Ayala , a former American Association for the Advancement of Science head who has made big advances in evolutionary biology .
Today , Apple launched a computer that will never belong to its owner .
Apple will use Digital Restrictions Management ( DRM ) to gain total veto power over the applications you use and the media you can view .
We 've launched a petition calling out Apple 's new product for what it is : a frightening step backward for computing and for media distribution .
Can you read it , sign it , and share with friends ?
Sign the petition
Apple will be getting a ton of press for the launch today , press coverage that will likely ignore the fundamental social problems introduced by its DRM scheme .
Help us spread this petition wherever folks are talking about the iPad .
Defective by Design 's John Sullivan is on the ground at the Apple event with a group of protesters , letting the public and journalists know about the " Restriction Zone " Apple is constructing around their products .
We posted images from the event and will be adding more news throughout the day , check the DbD Live Blog at live.defectivebydesign.org and help us circulate these images .
I can't draw dancin ' anywhere near as well as Bill Watterson did , but I still had a lot of fun doin ' it !
On Tuesday , the Icelandic parliament is expected to introduce a measure aimed at making the country an international center for investigative journalism publishing , by passing the strongest combination of source protection , freedom of speech , and libel - tourism prevention laws in the world .
Supporters of the proposal say the move would make Iceland an “ offshore publishing center ” for free speech , analogous to the offshore financial havens that allow corporations to hide capital from authorities .
Could global news organizations with a home office in Reykjavík soon be as common as Delaware corporations or Cayman Islands assets ?
“ This is a legislative package to create a haven for freedom of expression , ” Icelandic member of parliament Birgitta Jónsdóttir confirmed to me , saying that a proposal for comprehensive media law reform will be filed in parliament on Tuesday , and that whistle - blowing specialists Wikileaks has been involved in drafting it .
There have been persistent hints of an Icelandic media move in recent weeks , including tweets from Wikileaks and a cryptic message from the newly created @icelandmedia Twitter account .
The text of the proposal , called the Icelandic Modern Media Initiative , is not yet public , but the most detailed evidence comes from a video of a talk by Julian Assange and Daniel Schmitt of Wikileaks , given at the Chaos Communications Congress hacker conference in Berlin on Dec. 27 :
We could just say we ’re taking the source protection laws from Sweden , for example …we could take the First Amendment from the United States , we could take Belgian protection laws for journalists , and we could all pack these together in one bundle , and make it fit for the first jurisdiction that offers the necessities of an information society .
Schmitt termed the idea “ a Switzerland of bits . ”
He also mentions that “ lawyers in Iceland are working on a bill that will be introduced on the 26th of January , ” although it appears the date of introduction has been pushed back to next week .
And he cites Iceland as a path to eventually spreading similar laws throughout the EU
A safe haven for leakers and investigators
Jónsdóttir explained that the proposal does not contain final legislation , but would instruct the government to create a package of laws that enhance journalistic freedoms in specific ways .
According to an email from Assange ( which was then leaked , ironically enough ) the amendments would cover source protection , whistleblower protection , immunity for ISPs and other carriers , freedom of information requests , and strong limits on prior restraint .
They would also provide protection against libel judgements from other jurisdictions , much as the United States may soon do with the Free Speech Protection Act of 2009 .
This package was designed by a working group including representatives from government , civil society , and Wikileaks , which has considerable experience in international media law and censorship issues .
The site accepts anonymous submissions of material of public interest , and publishes them without question .
Since its its inception in Jan. 2007 , Wikileaks has released thousands of sensitive documents , including an investigation of extra-judicial killings in Kenya and more than 500,000 intercepted pager messages from New York on the morning of September 11 , 2001 .
When The Guardian obtained documents alleging the dumping of 400 tons of toxic waste on behalf of global commodities trader Trafigura , they were slapped with a “ super - injunction ” which prevented them from disclosing not only the contents of the documents , but the existence of the gag order .
Wikileaks published the material three days later .
Wikileaks is currently down for a fundraising drive but says it will resume operation shortly .
The site intersected with Iceland last summer .
The country suffered so severely from the 2008 collapse of its banks that riots in the streets forced the election of a new government in April .
Iceland is still crippled with a debt of more than five times yearly GDP , but the banks managed to keep their creditors confidential until August when a national TV broadcaster obtained the list .
The newsroom was barred from airing the story at the last minute , but in a stroke of genius , they ran the URL for the Wikileaks disclosure instead .
This was “ very popular , and very needed , in order for people to understand what was going on inside the banks , because obviously we have to carry the bailout , ” Jónsdóttir told me .
A country in the mood for openness
Riding on that popularity , Assange and Schmitt came to Iceland early December and floated their idea for a journalism publishing haven on a talk show , then in a more detailed presentation at Reykjavík University .
Jónsdóttir and others were impressed .
“ The main purpose is to prevent something like our financial crisis from taking place again , ” said member of parliament Lilja Mósesdóttir , noting that Iceland ’s financiers had great influence over the Icelandic media .
“ They were manipulating the news . ”
Wikileaks has succeeded in bringing sensitive materials to light through a combination of technical and legal means .
Submissions are anonymized and routed through countries with comprehensive journalistic source protection laws .
Last year , I remarked to Assange that Wikileaks was lucky to have registered its domain name in California , where a 2008 lawsuit brought by an aggrieved Swiss bank against the site ’s domain name registrar was likely to be dismissed .
( It later was , with legal briefs of support filed by several major American news organizations . )
Assange replied that it was no accident , and that Wikileaks has yet to lose a lawsuit .
That legal resiliency is in some ways the reverse of “ libel tourism , ” where plaintiffs file suit in a jurisdiction likely to give a favorable result .
One famous case involves a suit filed in London by a Saudi billionaire against the Wall Street Journal Europe in Brussels , for a story originally published in the Wall Street Journal in New York .
Some courts have ruled that placing an article online counts as publication if it is accessible from their jurisdiction , which would mean that a web story could be declared libelous anywhere in the world .
In an Feb. 7 email , Assange wrote :
We ca n’t expect everyone to go through the extraordinary efforts [ that ] we do .
Large newspapers are routinely censored by legal costs …
It is time this stopped .
It is time a country said , enough is enough , justice must be seen , history must be preserved , and we will give shelter from the storm .
Jónsdóttir said that the proposal already has the backing of the leaders of the Left - Green Movement , the Social Democratic Alliance , and the Citizen Movement , which she speaks for .
This represents a total of 38 of Iceland ’s 63 parliamentary seats , with only a simple majority needed to pass .
She said she expects a vote within a month , and that if all goes well the final laws could be drafted and passed within six months .
But the situation is fluid — she also said “ the government might be on the verge of dissolving , ” due to an upcoming referendum on debt restructuring with UK and Dutch banks .
Actually , Netflix streaming over the Wii will be nice .
Hardware limitations aside , it 's about time something like this was made available for non-HBC Wii's .
As geeky and cool as it is to mod a Wii and do all these zany things with it , I think it 's just fine staying legit and purchasing the software fairly .
If an HD - Wii is made available in the next 8 months and offers up nothing more than just purdy graphics , I will be a bit pissed .
I just plunked down $ 200 because I 'm happy with the way things are .
PSA : Batman is kind of a dick sometimes .
Special thanks to rincewind for sending this along !
And it is literally a mop top .
Oh , my .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : bald , batman , comic , comics , daily batman , drawing , funny , illustration , images , panel , Pictures , PSA , stills
Peter Robinson has asked people to stop emailing him A best selling crime writer has appealed for people to stop emailing him about the Northern Ireland Robinson scandal .
Last week it emerged that Iris Robinson , the wife of First Minister Peter Robinson , and an MP herself , had cheated on him and tried to take her own life .
She also obtained £ 50,000 from two developers so her lover could set himself up in business , which she failed to declare to a parliamentary authorities .
There has been phenomenal interest in the story , which Yorkshire author Peter Robinson has found himself distantly connected to .
More used to writing about the adventures of Detective Chief Inspector Alan Banks on the streets of the fictional town of Eastvale , Mr Robinson has been sent condolences about his wife 's behaviour .
Writing on his website Mr Robinson , the pen behind the Inspector Banks novels , thanked people for the offers of sympathy , before stating the obvious .
" I must stress that I AM NOT Peter Robinson the politician , Northern Ireland 's First Minister , " he wrote .
" I would have thought InspectorBanks.com would be the first clue , as would even the most cursory glance at the site , but I guess people who send rude and insulting emails or push religion at the vulnerable were not , alas , at the front of the queue when the brains were handed out .
" Please , cease and desist ! "
Mr Robinson is not a stranger to Northern Ireland and has appeared at the Belfast crime bookshop No Alibis .
Owner David Torrans said that there had been confusion among some clientele when he visited then .
" He was here 18 months ago and he is the only crime author we have had to include a photograph of on the flyer .
" People were phoning to ask if Big Ian ( Reverend Ian Paisley ) was appearing as well . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-1100
katherine.trinidad@nasa.gov
Jia-Rui C. Cook
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
818-354-0850
jia-rui.c.cook@jpl.nasa.gov
Katherine TrinidadHeadquarters , Washington202-358-1100 Jia-Rui C. CookJet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.818-354-0850
RELEASE : 10-050
NASA Ground - Breaking Unearths New Generation Of Deep Space Network Antennas
WASHINGTON -- NASA officials broke ground near Canberra , Australia on Wednesday , beginning a new antenna - building campaign to improve Deep Space Network communications .
Following the recommendations of an independent study , NASA embarked on an ambitious project to replace its aging fleet of 70 - meter - wide ( 230 - foot - wide ) dishes with a new generation of 34 - meter ( 112 - foot ) antennas by 2025 .
The three 70 - meter antennas , located at the NASA Deep Space Network complexes at Goldstone , Calif. , Madrid , Spain , and Canberra , are more than 40 years old and show wear and tear from constant use .
The new antennas , known as " beam wave guide " antennas , can be used more flexibly , allowing the network to operate on several different frequency bands within the same antenna .
Their electronic equipment is more accessible , making maintenance easier and less costly .
The new antennas also can receive higher - frequency , wider - bandwidth signals known as the " Ka band . "
This band , required for new NASA missions approved after 2009 , allows the newer antennas to carry more data than the older ones .
In the first phase of the project near Canberra , NASA expects to complete the building of up to three 34 - meter antennas by 2018 .
The decision to begin construction came on the 50th anniversary of U.S. and Australian cooperation in space tracking operations .
" There is no better way to celebrate our 50 years of collaboration and partnership in exploring the heavens with the government of Australia than our renewed commitment and investment in new capabilities required for the next five decades , " said Badri Younes , deputy associate administrator for Space Communications and Navigation at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
Space Communications and Navigation is responsible for managing all NASA space communications and navigation resources and their operations .
NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , manages the agency 's Deep Space Network , an important component of the agency 's space communications resources .
NASA 's goal is to integrate all NASA communications resources into a unified , far more capable network .
Australia 's Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization manages the communication complex near Canberra for NASA .
For more information about the Deep Space Network , visit :
http://deepspace.jpl.nasa.gov
For more information about NASA 's Space Communication and Navigation Program , visit :
https://www.spacecomm.nasa.gov
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
The US conglomerate General Electric ( GE ) announced plans for an offshore wind turbine manufacturing plant in Britain , creating up to 2,000 jobs .
The company said it had not yet decided where to build the facility , but its plans would result in about £ 100 m being invested in Britain , creating clean energy jobs at both the new site and in the supply chain .
The UK is well placed to harvest clean energy from powerful sea winds , but the closure of a Vestas plant on the Isle of Wight last August was highly embarrassing for ministers , leaving Britain without a significant turbine manufacturer . .
The construction of thousands of huge offshore turbines is a key part of government plans to meet its commitments to cut greenhouse gases , as well as ensure the continuity of energy supply over the next decade as nuclear and coal - fired stations reach the end of their life .
GE 's plans are linked to an announcement in yesterday 's budget of a £ 60 m competition to help develop port facilities for the offshore wind industry .
" This investment is tied to the successful deployment of the UK government 's port development fund , " a company statement said .
The company said the project will form part of a € 340 m ( £ 305 m ) investment in Europe 's wind energy industry over 10 years .
In addition to the UK manufacturing site , it plans to build development centres in Norway , Sweden and Germany .
GE 's UK managing director , Magued Eldaief , said : " We believe offshore wind has a bright future .
These investments will position us to help develop Europe 's vast , untapped offshore wind resources . "
Lord Mandelson , the business secretary , said : " This is great news from GE , a vote of confidence in UK low - carbon manufacturing which should create a huge number of jobs . "
The climate and energy secretary , Ed Miliband , said : " We 're creating the right conditions and incentives to maximise the potential of our wind resource . "
Greenpeace policy director , Doug Parr , said : " Clean technology is set to be the growth industry of the 21st century , and this announcement shows that , with the right incentives from government , Britain could be in pole position to benefit . "
Tom Delay , chief executive of the Carbon Trust , said : " GE 's announcement turns the vision of the UK as an industrial hub for the offshore wind industry into a reality … the offshore wind industry could be employing 70,000 people in the UK by 2020 , creating a net economic benefit of £ 65 bn over the next 40 years . "
Tarlach MacNiallais , 47 , an Irish gay man living in Jackson Heights , Queens , says he was severely assaulted by employees of a nightclub on Saturday .
Police are investigating it as a hate crime , and city authorities , including City Council Speaker Christine Quinn - herself a gay woman , have become involved .
MacNiallais , originally from Belfast , was punched , kicked and had a chair smashed over his head in the brutal attack by two employees of the Guadalajara De Noche restaurant in Jackson Heights at 12:43 a.m. on Saturday .
In an exclusive interview with IrishCentral today , MacNiallais said : “ I want to stress that this is not a gay community versus the Mexican community story .
My partner and my extended family are all Mexican .
This story is about two thugs who attacked me because they did n’t like the fact that we were gay . ”
The story began on Saturday evening when MacNiallais , his partner of seven years , Juan , and four of Juan 's brothers visited the Guadalajara De Noche restaurant in Jackson Heights .
The group had expected an open mike sing - along , but they discovered that a club night had been scheduled instead .
“ I ’ve been in that bar a handful of times in the past , ” said MacNiallais .
“ Sometimes they have open night , where people can get up and sing Mexican songs .
But when we got there it was a dance night .
So we took a table at the back of the place just beside the dance floor and we ordered a round of drinks . ”
When a song that MacNiallais liked came on , he suggested to his partner that they dance .
They got up , and MacNiallais led his partner to the floor .
This simple act signaled to onlookers that they were probably gay .
“ We ’re were n’t doing a lambada or dancing close or anything provocative like that .
We were dancing the way you do at any night – not touching , just moving to the music , you know ? "
But before they had even got started , a man , described as an employee of the nightclub , came over to the couple and said : “ You ca n’t do that in here .
This is not a gay bar . ”
“ To be quite honest I thought he was joking .
I did n’t even look at him , " continued MacNiallais .
“ I turned around and said , ‘ We have as much right to dance as anyone else . ’ ”
Immediately , MacNiallais was yanked from behind .
He was thrown against a wall and then punched repeatedly on the face and chest .
“ They knocked me to the ground .
They started kicking me .
They were shouting ‘ this is not a gay bar ’ over and over .
I did n’t fight back because I ’m not a violent person .
But I did think I was n’t going to let them throw me out .
I did have a right to be there .
If they had asked me to leave I would have , but they did n’t do that .
Instead they beat me and physically dragged me to the ground . ”
MacNiallais , who is six - foot - one and weighs two hundred and forty five pounds , did not fight back , but he did hold onto a chair leg to resist forcible expulsion from the club .
His partner and his partner ’s brothers did not get involved in the fracas at any point .
“ I ’m glad they did n’t start fighting , because then it could have been portrayed as a drunken melee .
Instead they called 911 , ” added MacNiallais .
“ One of my partner ’s brothers recorded what happened on his cell phone , and on the audio you can hear me saying ‘ I have a right to dance with my partner , this is n’t fair and then no , no , no . ’ ”
According to MacNiallais , the two employees were laughing as they assaulted him .
One of them stomped on MacNiallais ’ head with his foot , then picked up a chair and hit him , again on the head .
Two of MacNiallais ’ partner ’s brothers stood up and persuaded other customers not to join in the assault .
Daniel Dromm , the incoming City Councilman for Jackson Heights told IrishCentral : “ It ’s another hate crime and it ’s unfortunate .
It seems that any time an anti-gay event occurs , like the vote against marriage equality in Albany last week , people seem to get the message that it ’s OK to beat up on gay people .
It sends a message that our rights are n’t protected and you do n’t have to respect people in the gay community .
“ That being said , Jackson Heights is a pretty tolerant community .
I know that Tarlach was with his Mexican partner and his family members and this is n’t a gay community versus the Mexican community .
We want to preserve that ability to co-exist and make people understand that this is not one group against the other .
This is just two thugs who decided to do this .
" We are going to have a response to bring some awareness to this issue because oftentimes when things like this happen the perpetrators who do this try to send a message to the community .
That ’s why it ’s important that the community send back a message that this will not be tolerated . ”
MacNiallais is leery of the sensational press coverage of the story to date and particularly objects to his description as a gay activist .
“ I did not just jump up and dance with a total stranger , or with the first man who walked into the bar .
I want to stress that .
I was dancing with my partner of seven years .
He and his family have been part of my life for years . ”
The police did not arrest MacNiallais for disorderly conduct , nor has there been any suggestion that his behavior was calculated to cause offense .
Instead , the investigation is focusing on the assault as a hate crime .
MacNiallais sustained severe bruises to his head , his arms , his underarms , his chest and thighs .
“ I have just been in bits since this happened .
I ’m trying to deal with this and get my head around ( it ) .
I am godfather to the two sons of my partner ’s oldest brother .
We ’re compadresmos .
It ’s the closest relationship you can have next to your own brother .
We ’re family ; I ’ve been to Mexico twice this year to stay with his parents , brothers and sisters . ”
A police investigation into the attack is ongoing .
Avatar fever is infecting everyone these days and a big country like China was n’t going to be spared .
15 Chinese sculptors spent 10 days completing the two 3 - meter - tall sculptures made of 4 - tonne mud .
The creation was thought to be the continuity of the fever on the Golden Globe - winning film in China .
The Avatar mud sculptures were carved in a studio in Wuhan City and are meant to keep the Avatar craziness going even longer .
Photos via ImagineChina Tweet
See also : Stig and stíg
English [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
Believed to have originated from the eponymous character in the book Stig of the Dump ( Clive King , Puffin , 1963 , →ISBN .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
IPA ( key ) : / stɪɡ/
: Audio ( UK )
Noun [ edit ]
stig ( plural stigs )
( Britain , derogatory )
Someone from a poor background , with poor dress sense .
Synonyms [ edit ]
See chav .
Anagrams [ edit ]
Faroese [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
stig n ( genitive singular stigs , plural stig )
pace stair , rung ( dance ) step niveau , level degree ( Celsius etc. ) ( sports ) score
Declension [ edit ]
Declension of stig n3 singular plural indefinite definite indefinite definite nominative stig stigið stig stigini accusative stig stigið stig stigini dative stigi stiginum stigum stigunum genitive stigs stigsins stiga stiganna
Synonyms [ edit ]
( pace ) : fet fótafet gongd
( dancing step ) : stev fótastig
Icelandic [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
stig n ( genitive singular stigs , nominative plural stig )
level degree stage point ( unit of scoring in a game or competition ) ( baseball , cricket ) run
Declension [ edit ]
declension of stig n-s singular plural indefinite definite indefinite definite nominative stig stigið stig stigin accusative stig stigið stig stigin dative stigi stiginu stigum stigunum genitive stigs stigsins stiga stiganna
Synonyms [ edit ]
( level ) : staða
( degree ) : gráða
( stage ) : áfangi
Derived terms [ edit ]
Norwegian Bokmål [ edit ]
Verb [ edit ]
stig
Norwegian Nynorsk [ edit ]
Etymology 1 [ edit ]
From Old Norse stígr
Noun [ edit ]
stig m ( definite singular stigen , indefinite plural stigar , definite plural stigane )
sti alternative form of
Etymology 2 [ edit ]
Verb [ edit ]
stig
stiga inflection of present imperative
References [ edit ]
“ stig ” in The Nynorsk Dictionary .
Old English [ edit ]
Etymology 1 [ edit ]
From Proto - Germanic * stīgō , from * stīganą ( “ climb ” ) ( > Old English stīgan ) .
Cognate with Middle Dutch stige , Old High German stiga .
A masculine Germanic variant * stīgaz is indicated by Old High German stic ( German Steig ) , Old Norse stígr ( Swedish stig ) .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
stīġ f ( nominative plural stīġa or stīġe )
path ( especially steep or narrow )
Declension [ edit ]
Declension of stig ( strong ō-stem ) Case Singular Plural nominative stīġ stīġa stīġe accusative stīġe stīġa stīġe genitive stīġe stīġa dative stīġe stīġum
Descendants [ edit ]
Middle English : sty
Etymology 2 [ edit ]
From Proto - Germanic * stiją .
Cognate with Old Norse stí ( Danish sti ) .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
stiġ n ( nominative plural stiġ )
Declension [ edit ]
Declension of stig ( strong - a - stem ) Case Singular Plural nominative stiġ stiġ accusative stiġ stiġ genitive stiġes stiġa dative stiġe stiġum
Descendants [ edit ]
Middle English : sty English : sty
Old Norse [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
Related to stíga .
Noun [ edit ]
stig n
step , pace step ( of a ladder ) ( plural only ) degree , rank
Declension [ edit ]
Declension of stig ( strong a - stem ) neuter singular plural indefinite definite indefinite definite nominative stig stigit stig stigin accusative stig stigit stig stigin dative stigi stiginu stigum stigunum genitive stigs stigsins stiga stiganna
Descendants [ edit ]
Icelandic : stig
Norwegian Nynorsk : steg
Norwegian Bokmål : steg
References [ edit ]
stig in Geir T. Zoëga ( 1910 ) A Concise Dictionary of Old Icelandic , Oxford : Clarendon Press
Swedish [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
From Old Swedish stīgher , from Old Norse stígr , from Proto - Germanic * stīgu - or Proto - Germanic * stīgi -.
Cognate with Danish sti and German Steig .
Related to Swedish stiga .
See also Old English stig .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
stig c
Declension [ edit ]
Declension of stig Singular Plural Indefinite Definite Indefinite Definite Nominative stig stigen stigar stigarna Genitive stigs stigens stigars stigarnas
Verb [ edit ]
stig
stiga imperative of
By Joe Lynam
BBC News , Kiltegan , Republic of Ireland
Hurling is one of the sports promoted by the Gaelic Athletic Association
When most people think of the world 's great stadia , they probably have in mind the Giants Stadium in New York , Ellis Park in Johannesburg or Wembley in London .
These great theatres of entertainment are all home to professional and global sports such as American football , rugby union or soccer .
Yet there is a stadium in Dublin , which is just as large and iconic but is home to purely amateur and far less well - known sports such as hurling and Gaelic football .
With a capacity of 82,000 , Croke Park oozes sporting as well as political history and it's the pride and joy of the GAA ( Gaelic Athletic Association ) - a volunteer organisation , which does n't pay its top players anything .
And unlike glamorous and better - funded professional sports , the GAA is also a model of financial prudence .
Last year despite Ireland being in its worst recession ever , the GAA made a profit of $ 23 m ( £ 17 m ) .
Croke Park plays host to international rugby matches such as the Six Nations " We are conscious that we are an association built on a wholly voluntary movement , " said Christy Cooney , president of the GAA .
" So we look after it by managing our money in a careful way and by always planning for the future .
Businesses and the GAA are a partnership because they , like us , are part of the local community .
And sponsors also get to identify with a quality product . "
But apart from the normal sponsorship deals , the GAA 's coffers have also been swollen because Croke Park has played host since 2007 to all major Irish soccer and rugby international matches while their home - Lansdowne Road - is being redeveloped .
That decision to allow non-Irish sports to be played in a GAA - owned stadium broke a century old rule and was highly politically charged - especially when England came to play .
Pride and passion
To truly understand though how the GAA has survived and thrived as an amateur game , you need to come to rural Ireland .
An hour 's drive outside Dublin will bring you to the tiny village of Kiltegan .
Population : 75 , pubs : 2 , sources of community cohesion : only one .
Players as well as grandmothers regularly put their hands in their own pockets , simply because the GAA is the only social network in a rural community - the bastion of rural life
Stephen Corrigan , teacher and Gaelic football player
As soon as they can walk , they are taught to play hurling or Gaelic football .
Young or old , male or female , the local GAA club is quite simply the hub of all activity in villages like this throughout the country .
In tiny hamlets like Kiltegan , there 's great pride in the facilities here and achievements of its unpaid local players .
Walls are adorned with players who have reached county finals or even All - Ireland finals ( the World Cup final for Gaelic clubs ) .
They 've even got a weights room , running track and a physiotherapist who rubs down bruised muscles .
And his services - like all labour associated with the club - are unpaid .
In the clubhouse , children run around high on sugar with biscuity mouths .
Proud mothers bustle about with steaming pots of tea and cuts of ham or cheese sandwiches , while dads talk earnestly about players ahead of the next big under - 12s game against arch rivals Rathnew .
" It 's all about people putting their time and effort into the club for free , " said Stephen Corrigan , a teacher who plays for Kiltegan senior Gaelic football squad .
" Whether that 's in raffles or table quizzes , players as well as grandmothers regularly put their hands in their own pockets .
Simply because the GAA is the only social network in a rural community - the bastion of rural life . "
Professionalism approaching
But how will Gaelic sports survive financially as Ireland struggles in major economic downturn ?
There had been talk that once you set off down the road to professionalism , like rugby did a few years ago , there 's no turning back
Sean Moran , GAA correspondent , Irish Times " I think the recession has brought us back down to earth , " said Stephen Corrigan .
" During the ' Celtic tiger ' we forgot to be Irish .
We got lost in the money . "
But the tip toeing towards professionalism is nonetheless underway .
Gaelic sports are not for the faint - hearted and unpaid players get some awful injuries .
So some of the country 's top sportsmen and women have formed a union to get a slice of the GAA cake .
" I think players were frustrated at being asked to represent the GAA and not sharing in the commercial aspects of the game , " according to Sean Potts from the Gaelic Players Association , which has recently signed an agreement with the GAA after years of hostility between the two groups .
That agreement provides for medical programmes for players who get injured as well as helping them get full academic qualifications during or after their playing career .
It stops well short though of paying players .
" There had been talk that once you set off down the road to professionalism , like rugby did a few years ago , there 's no turning back , " said Sean Moran , GAA correspondent with the Irish Times .
" So far the GAA has resisted that but who can say whether they can in the future . "
The Gaelic Athletic Association - now in its 127th year - has seen wars of independence , civil strife , multiple recessions and a Celtic Tiger boom .
Yet it has remained true to its amateur ethos in the face of growing professionalism .
Instead of the GAA aping the big professional sports , perhaps the reverse may happen .
With dozens of top soccer clubs technically insolvent ( if not already bust ) and the perceived decadence of some of their star players , perhaps Formula 1 , rugby or soccer might learn a thing or two from amateur sports .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Though the creators of Watchmen abhor the idea of further additions to its universe , the money generated by a movie spawned in 2009 could make a prequel or spin - off inevitable .
DC Comics President and Publisher Paul Levitz has made it a point to nix any new Watchmen projects , including a movie sequel , because he believed they would be against Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons ' ( the original creators ) wishes .
The bearded Alan Moore has always been aggressively against his works becoming anything more than graphic novels , even refusing to accept any of the profits from the Watchmen movie .
With Paul Levitz now stepping down from his position at DC , company Senior VP and Executive Editor Dan DiDio may be fast - tracking a pet project of his : more Watchmen .
This does n't mean a new movie just yet , but it does mean that one or more prequel miniseries or spin - offs could be in the works .
However , if a movie were to eventually take form , all of the actors from Watchmen are already contractually obligated to return for a sequel .
For now , DiDio wants to impress the fat cats above him by expanding on the Watchmen universe in comic form , which is almost destined to sell a massive number of copies .
I know I would buy it , even though it would annoy the fanboy in me .
Though DiDio has to give Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons first refusal on any such projects , their approval is extremely unlikely .
We already know about Moore , while Gibbons has said in the past : " If you add anything to Watchmen , you 're not adding to it , you 're diluting it ... [ The ] general consensus , is leave well enough alone . "
Bringing one of the greatest graphic novels of all time to the movie screen is one thing , but adding to the Watchmen storylines already established with a miniseries , or multiple miniseries , could be a really bad idea .
The only way I think it should be done is if Alan Moore himself came back to do it .
Without him , it 's not really Watchmen .
Again , I 'd still probably buy it anyway , even though it'd make me hate myself a little .
Admit it , you would too , even just to see how Watchmen was ruined .
( Bleeding Cool via io9 )
Kyu Nagasaki Prison was built in 1907 , one of five ‘ ultra - modern ’ Meiji-era prisons built throughout Japan .
Its Victorian design is attributable to a research mission to study European prisons conducted by the Meiji government .
Within its five meter - high red brick wall , a five - pointed prison block held up to 800 high - security prisoners .
The prison went out of use in 1992 , becoming a haikyo .
15 years later the wall and most of the interior complex were demolished after complaints from the growing number of housing developments being built in the surrounding area .
Now only the abandoned front gate and gatehouse remain .
This was the first haikyo SY and I went to on our recent Kyushu Christmas holiday .
Walking up to it our hearts sank as we saw it had been almost completely demolished .
Workers by the roadside were laying pipes set to go into the now - empty space , I assume as preparation for building more houses .
We wandered on by them , and approached the prison gate from the front .
It was still imposing .
With hindsight I suppose it ’s probably a good thing it was mostly demolished , as if it had not been , then the wall would still have stood , the gate would have been locked , and we ’d have been very impressive prison escape artists ( entrance artists ? ) if we`d managed to get in .
As it was , we could just walk around the edge of the front gate .
Inside there was just a gatehouse with a low tower atop it .
We walked around it in circles a few times , trying to capture the feeling of what it would have been like to be imprisoned here 100 years ago .
Quite bleak , I imagine .
The windowless red wall would have shrunk the world down to just the prison yard and facilities .
Inside the walls the prisoners would have been put to work , as they currently are at the replacement prison nearby , making crafts , hammering hot metal , and breaking rocks .
City Office on the left .
The sign says ‘ No Parking ’ .
Imposing .
Bars to keep prisoners in / us out .
The wall is gone .
Inside the gatehouse , looking out to what would have been the main prison block .
Sky and timbers .
Weather - battered walls .
The gate from inside , what the prisoners would have seen only when their time was up and they got to leave .
Gatehouse .
Once at the heart of a giant prison complex .
Wreathed with blue skies .
All these buildings now demolished .
Peeling white plaster .
Steeple .
Lock on the main gate .
After we walked the ruin for a while , drawing stares from the road crew laying pipes , we decided ( bold SY decided ) to head into the next - door city office to ask for some info about the prison .
We first spoke to one guy round the back , who said come on in , then headed through a side - door .
We went to follow him but haha , it was the worker`s entrance , and he shooed us out .
Back in through the correct front door , another chap met us and ushered us over to a corner partition where someone had thoughtfully laid down a few sips of steaming coffee .
Wow .
We sat with him and he talked a bit about the history of the prison .
He broke out a few books , one of architectural plans , one of a local school - teacher and haikyo fan , and answered our questions .
It was really great , largely because SY is fluent in Japanese and could have a proper dialogue with him .
At times like that I wish I had better J - skills .
I caught the gist though .
Then that was it .
I felt a bit rueful , especially after seeing the school - teacher`s photos , that we hadn`t been able to walk the blocks and really get a feel for an almost 19th century Japanese prison .
To that end , here are a few videos taken by others ( on a day before the demolition , when the ruin was opened to the public . )
Approach
Inside
My walk around
Kyu Nagasaki Prison from Michael John Grist on Vimeo .
See the rest of the haikyo I ’ve been to in the galleries :
[ album id=4 template=compact ]
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A punter who scooped £ 8,765 on a Ryanair scratchcard was so angry when crew did not immediately pay up that he ate his ticket .
The man bought the winning card while flying from Poland to East Midlands .
Ryanair said staff and passengers urged him not to swallow it , but he defiantly went ahead .
Airline spokesman Stephen McNamara said the passenger acted out of frustration .
He said all winners must be verified by the scratchcard firm and cash is " not kicking around the aircraft " .
The money will be donated to a charity as the prize will now go unclaimed .
The title ofclearly suggests that the game will be based on the retrogames .
However , it 's to an even greater extent than you can imagine .
"
The new game actually uses code from the SNES version , the 1991 version of the game , " producer Mike Fahrny said in an interview with ESPN .
" And we actually looked atside by side with the SNES version throughout the entire development process just to make sure we were giving fans that original experience that everybody has been asking for along with some new updates like 3D graphics .
"
The player stats are all the same , too .
However , there are no official NFL teams or players ( due to EA 's exclusive NFL license ) so they had to rename everything .
You can manually edit player names , though , and the team cities still conform to the NFL teams so it 's possible to recreate the official rosters from the SNESif you 're so inclined .
is due on PSN and Xbox Live Arcade this spring .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Federal limits on water that can be pumped out of a major river delta for California farmers are scientifically justified , a much - anticipated report said on Friday , a finding hailed by environmentalists in the state ’s epic water wars .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
But the National Academy of Sciences stopped short of handing a decisive victory to environmental interests over agricultural interests .
The academy said further study was required and that threats to Chinook salmon , delta smelt and other endangered fish were not entirely caused by the pumping .
“ The Academy of Sciences report clearly validates the biological opinions , ” Ann Hayden , a senior water resource analyst for the Environmental Defense Fund , said of regulations devised under court order by federal wildlife biologists and issued in late 2008 .
“ It ’s time to stop pitting the economic interests of farmers against fishermen and move forward to find solutions , ” Hayden said .
“ We have pushed the Bay - Delta system to the brink of collapse and saving it -- and the jobs that depend on it -- is going to require increased cooperation among all interests . ”
A spokesman for the California Farm Bureau Federation said the report showed the need for “ better justification of water restrictions ” and that there were flaws in the Endangered Species Act .
THREE -YEAR DROUGHT
“ We believe the government must do a better job of managing the delta pumps , to make more water available for people while still protecting the fish , ” said Paul Wenger , president of the California Farm Bureau Federation .
Wenger also singled out the study ’s conclusion that a number of factors , including sewage treatment plants and non-native fish , represented a threat to the protected species .
The Sacramento - San Joaquin Delta is at the center of California ’s long - running tug of war over water , which has become increasingly testy during a three - year drought that led to rationing , higher charges for water and mandatory conservation measures across the state .
Dramatic cutbacks in water deliveries by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation and state Water Resources Department have idled thousands of farm workers and large swaths of farmland .
The crisis prompted U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein , a California Democrat , to propose easing the environmental restrictions to allow the pumping of more water for growers .
Feinstein came under fire from environmental activists , fishing groups and even members of her own party .
She dropped the plan after state and federal agencies , citing a series of strong winter storms that may signal the end of the drought , announced they would supply farms considerably more water this year than last .
Lawmakers have said they would await the National Academy of Sciences report , which was ordered by the Obama administration , before making further policy decisions .
On Tuesday , U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said irrigation districts south of the delta , which represent farmers on the west side of the state ’s fertile Central Valley , will get 25 percent of their contracted water allotment from the Bureau of Reclamation , up from just 5 percent in February .
The increase was issued ahead of schedule and comes at a critical time for the Central Valley , one of the country ’s most bountiful agricultural regions .
California , the No. 1 farm state , produces more than half the fruits , vegetables and nuts grown in the United States .
The state water agency also boosted its allocation for all users to 15 percent , up from 5 percent last year .
The state supplies more than 25 million people and more than 750,000 acres of farmland with water from the delta .
The Porn Star Photo ( and Feature Photo ) : Môsieur J. [ version 3.0 b ]
Do you want to be a better kisser ?
How better to do this than by elucidating the mistakes of others ?
Sometimes knowing what to avoid is more valuable than loads of advice that have you reaching in the wrong direction .
Below are categorized 8 of the worst kissing styles as reported by women who ’ve traveled the world over .
The Fish
The Fish Photo : jaroslavd
The fish turns his lips inside - out and rather than articulate them in the way one might if there were any actual nerves in them , seems intent on encompassing the partner ’s lips in a wet and slimy embrace .
Were his saliva red , it would leave his partner vaguely resembling Bozo the Clown .
Thirty seconds with a fish and anyone with any kissing panache will be swimming against the current to get away .
The Archeologist
Without prelude , the archeologist opens wide in a gesture that demands the same of their partner and then , with a hard and pointed tongue digs deep into the recesses of her mouth in an apparent attempt to discover any bits of kidney bean or spinach left over from lunch .
This aggressive overture will quickly bury the present for posterity to be dug up over apple - tinis and belly laughs with the girls .
The Limp Noodle
The Archeologist Photo : USACE Europe District
Usually accompanied by equally limp and timorous caresses , LN might ( in total darkness ) be mistaken for someone in a semi-vegitative state .
The texture of the tongue brings to mind a raw scallop reanimated to terrorize and disgust those that would cross its path .
The Chupacabra
Encounter a chupacabra and you might fear that your eyes will cave in from the pressure .
Heaven forbid that your nose is clogged or you might find yourself in need of the kiss of life .
Chupacabra creates a vacuum that will leave you panting , but not in a good way .
The Nibbler
A little tooth goes a long way and the nibbler has n’t been apprised .
This tooth heavy kisser makes a snack from your lips , and while this style can be used as an accent , it ’s best used sparingly like cloves or semicolons .
One false move and you might need a stitch or two .
Do not kiss a nibbler on a moving car or bus .
The Hunter Pecker
No , no , no .
The lips are over here .
It ’s hit or miss with the hunter pecker whose pop kisses fall short of the mark and never amount to much even if they reach the target you ’d think was intended .
Trying to make out with an HP is like getting it on with Pepé le Pew and just as likely to have you squirming out of his reach while listening to words meant ( we guess ) to get you pecking back .
The Flipper
The Flipper Photo:robinvanmourik
In the way pinball flippers nervelessly jump , Flipper ’s tongue has something to prove about its prowess in the cunnilingus department .
Someone needs to tell him that a mouth is not a clitoris and that this sort of behavior is likely to make the demo more than unnecessary .
The Porn Star
No one told this poor fellow that they kiss this way in porn because the air is believed to kill the harmful bacteria accrued in the previous scene .
That or it ’s all for show because the action takes place in plain sight .
Video porn on demand is teaching the next generation that attempting to high five your partner ’s tongue and then vibrating it violently while hissing to demonstrate your arousal is appropriate when really , it ’s something best enjoyed alone with a jar of vaseline .
Lest you think that all women are catty , impossible to please bitches , we must say that each of the above techniques when applied judiciously have their place .
So get out there and spread some VD love .
Community Connection
Find out where kissing can get you thrown in the hoosegow in No Kissing Law Passed in Guanajuato , Mexico , and be sure to read more tales of love at a dead end in Notes on Love at First Sight .
King
Tut may have died in part from malaria and bone abnormalities , new mummy DNA analysis shows .
Tutankhamun , perhaps the most famous of the ancient Egyptian pharaohs , was part of the 18th dynasty of the Egyptian New Kingdom , which lasted from about 1550 to 1295 B.C.
The boy king died in the ninth year of his reign , circa 1324 B.C. , at the age of 19 .
Because Tutankhamun died so young , and left no heirs , there have been numerous speculations regarding diseases that may have occurred in his family , as well as debate regarding the cause of Tutankhamun ’s early demise .
A new analysis of mummy DNA sought to find signs of any diseases — genetic or not — that could have contributed to King Tut 's death .
The DNA tests have also revealed or confirmed the likely identities and relationships of several previously unidentified mummies , including Tut 's mother and father .
Artifacts have shown the royalty of that era as having a somewhat feminized or androgynous appearance .
Diseases that have been suggested to explain this appearance include a form of gynecomastia ( excessive development of the breasts in males , usually the result of a hormonal imbalance ) , Marfan syndrome and others .
( People with Marfan syndrome typically have abnormally long limbs and long , thin fingers and can have serious heart abnormalities . )
" However , most of the disease diagnoses are hypotheses derived by observing and interpreting artifacts and not by evaluating the mummified remains of royal individuals apart from these artifacts , " the researchers who conducted the analysis noted .
Zahi Hawass , head of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Cairo , Egypt , and colleagues conducted a study to determine familial relationships among 11 royal mummies of the New Kingdom , and to search for pathological features attributable to inherited disorders , infectious diseases and blood relationship .
They also examined for specific evidence regarding Tutankhamun 's death , with some scholars having hypothesized that it was attributable to an injury ; septicemia ( bloodstream infection ) or fat embolism ( release of fat into an artery ) secondary to a femur fracture ; murder by a blow to the back of the head ; or poisoning .
From September 2007 to October 2009 , royal mummies underwent detailed anthropological , radiological , and genetic studies .
DNA was extracted from two to four different biopsies per mummy .
No signs of gynecomastia or Marfan syndrome were found in the mummies that were examined .
" Therefore , the particular artistic presentation of persons in the Amarna period is confirmed as a royally decreed style most probably related to the religious reforms of Akhenaten [ suspected to be Tut 's father ] , " the authors said .
" It is unlikely that either Tutankhamun or Akhenaten actually displayed a significantly bizarre or feminine physique .
It is important to note that ancient Egyptian kings typically had themselves and their families represented in an idealized fashion . "
But , the researchers did find an accumulation of malformations in Tutankhamun 's family .
" Several pathologies including Kohler disease II [ a bone disorder ] were diagnosed in Tutankhamun ; none alone would have caused death , " the authors noted .
Genes that are specific to the parasite that causes malaria were also found in four mummies , including Tut's .
The genetic results suggest that a malaria infection in conjunction with a condition in which poor blood supply to the bone leads to weakening or destruction of an area of bone killed the Egyptian king .
" Walking impairment and malarial disease sustained by Tutankhamun is supported by the discovery of canes and an afterlife pharmacy in his tomb , " the authors said .
They added that a sudden leg fracture , possibly from a fall , might have resulted in a life - threatening condition when a malaria infection occurred .
The new findings are detailed in the Feb. 17 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
1 year ago in The Culture of Chemistry
Did you see the Volcom “ Eating Cherry Blossoms In Japan ” article in our February issue ?
Well , here ’s the video tour video Volcom came back with .
Watch as Dustin Dollin , Mark Appleyard , Caswell Berry , and David Gravette take a bite outta the finer things the Japanses life has to offer .
And go to the Volcom site to see more photos from the trip .
Wildfire – Visit our Wildfire 2020 page for information about wildfires that are affecting our region , including info about evacuation and shelter .
And Sign
Up to receive alerts in case you are in an impacted area .
Pictures of the holy man were burned at the protest A Hindu holy man in India has denied any wrongdoing , days after video emerged apparently showing him engaging in sexual acts with two women .
A spokesman for Nithyananda Swami said he was at the Kumbh Mela festival and would soon " clear the air " .
In a video released on Sunday , the guru said he had done nothing illegal and the scandal was " a false campaign " .
His ashram near the southern city of Bangalore was vandalised last week after TV channels broadcast the video .
' Nothing illegal '
In a message on his official website on Sunday , the guru asked his followers to remain calm and patient .
" I assure all of you that nothing illegal has been done by me or my organisation .
We are in the process of collecting evidence to establish this lie and the motive behind this false campaign , " he said .
Swamiji , as he is known to his followers , said he would soon provide an explanation and answer all their queries .
" There is total transparency at the ashram and all allegations of illegal activity are baseless and motivated , " ashram spokesman Satichandananda told a press conference on Monday .
Meanwhile , cases have been filed against the holy man in the southern city of Madras ( Chennai ) for " outraging the people 's religious sentiments " .
The guru 's followers allege the video was created and distributed by a jealous resident of the ashram in a bid to defame him .
Last week the ashram called the footage " a mix of conspiracy , graphics and rumours " .
Nithyananda Swami has a huge following in southern India and the video shocked his devotees and angered locals .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Click below to go back to the homepage where there are loads more stories for you to read , or enter your suburb below for news from your area .
If you walk into the cemetery in Todmorden — a small town in northern England — you will find vegetables and herbs defiantly growing .
Ditto if you examine the strips of land in the middle of the town ’s roads , the area in front of its elder - care home , or the landscaping around its railroad station .
You [… ]
I think somebody was confused ..
After urging his radio - show listeners to " run as fast as you can " from churches preaching " social or economic justice " — a term he called " code " for Nazist or Communist ideology — Fox News ' Glenn Beck has become persona non grata for a diverse list of Christian leaders .
Left - leaning evangelical leader Jim Wallis called for Christians to boycott Beck 's broadcasts , and National Council of Churches of Christ President Peg Chemberlin said Beck , a Mormon , is disrespectfully pushing his own political agenda .
Did Beck cross a line ?
( Watch an ABC report about Glenn Beck 's comments )
Reducing the Bible to " Communism " is perverse : Beck 's distortions are absurd , says Bill Press in The Hill .
" Jesus expected his followers to help the poor , the hungry and the dispossessed . "
Christians call this the " social gospel . "
By stigmatizing the word " social , " Beck is , in effect , telling Christians to ignore role models like St. Francis of Assisi and Mother Teresa and " instead follow the teachings of Rush Limbaugh , Glenn Beck and George W. Bush , who do n’t give a fig about the poor . "
Now we know Beck 's theology is as sick as his politics .
" Glenn Beck turns Christianity upside down "
Beck was n't being un-Christian : Glenn Beck " did n't say Christians should abandon their religion , " says Catholic League president Bill Donohue in Opposing Views .
He merely recommended that they " find a more conservative parish if [ they are ] dissatisfied with hearing left - wing sermons . "
There 's nothing shocking in this : Some Catholic priests are " stridently left - wing , " while others are " stridently right - wing , " and parishioners " shop accordingly " all the time .
" Is Glenn Beck anti-Christian ? "
It 's Beck critics who are un-Christian : Evangelical Jim Wallis has failed to respond " in a way that emulated Jesus ’ exhortation to ' love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you , ' " says Joel Mathis in Philadelphia Weekly .
In the fall - out from Beck 's remarks , his holier - than - thou critics seem " more interested in scoring political points than in doing God ’s work in the world . "
" Jim Wallis ’ un- Christian response to Glenn Beck "
The News and Observer — February 10 , 2013 | Paul Gilster
This is a summary .
Read original article in full here .
Google Translate has many languages to work with and plenty of computer horsepower behind it .
Thinking about its methods reminds me that Ray Kurzweil has now gone to work for Google .
Kurzweil is an Edisonian figure who came up with the first flatbed scanner and the first machine that could read text aloud .
He has created music synthesizers and made huge strides in PC speech recognition , the sort of thing that allows us to dictate while the computer “ types . ”
In books like The Singularity Is Near , Kurzweil probes what happens when computers become so much smarter than us that they move beyond our powers of prediction .
Meeting your needs .
It ’s fascinating to speculate on what Google might come up with given the aid of someone like Kurzweil , who for all the controversial aspects of his thinking has shown he has a way of producing results .
We may get a glimpse of future direction in Google Now , an already functioning product that is in some ways a response to Apple ’s Siri , the virtual assistant built into iPhones . [...]
Is there any doubt that the value of purchased music is plummeting ?
Universal , one of the big four record labels , is planning to cut the prices of almost all of its CDs to between $ 6 and $ 10 .
Advertisement
Record Labels : Change or Die
It 's a lousy time to be a record label .
Profits are tanking , bands are angry — OK Go just ditched …
Read more
This new test , called the Velocity program , represents a pretty serious price cut , as the average price for CDs has been between $ 10 and $ 12 for some time now .
And if it sticks , you can expect to see other labels following suit .
Advertisement
Of course , this could make physical CDs cheaper than digital downloads , which makes no sense at all .
Why the labels are trying so hard to keep selling CDs when people clearly are more interested in digital files is beyond me .
What do you think ?
Would you buy CDs if they were cheaper or have you moved on from the format ?
[ Billboard via All Things D ]
Federal Government Closed on Monday
By Ed O'Keefe
The federal government will be closed on Monday in the Washington area , according to the Office of Personnel Management , as the region continues to plow out of an historic snowstorm .
OPM Director John Berry decides when to close federal offices in the Washington area .
He convened a conference call with local and state government and transportation officials Sunday afternoon during which they determined a Monday morning commute would be too unsafe , officials said .
Despite Monday 's operating status , emergency personnel must still report as necessary .
The decision also means a day off for most of the region 's private sector , which uses the federal government 's operating status as a guide .
Virtually all academic institutions in the region will also shutter on Monday .
Closing the federal government for one day costs taxpayers roughly $ 100 million in lost productivity , a price tag Berry said weighs heavily on his final decisions .
Berry mandated unscheduled leave last Wednesday and Friday due to the snow .
Monday 's closure is the first closure of the calendar year and the second of the Obama administration .
Leave your thoughts in the comments section below
Sign up for federal government closing E-mail alerts
Click Here To Enhance Your Profile in the Directory
Click Here To Correct , Update or Expand On This Information Without Charge .
Please call us at 888-354-4529 if you need assistance in correcting , updating or expanding on the information set forth above .
There is no charge for listings on MoreLaw that contain complete contact , biographical and contact information about any lawyer .
This week marked Google 's first release of a development build browser called Chrome 5 , which contains some not - yet - fully - implemented features including the browser 's first personalized security settings .
In recent months , Chrome 's dev build has been the standard - setter for performance in Windows , with scores in Betanews tests that rise by as much as one point -- one relative quantum of IE7 / Vista horsepower -- per month .
Advertisement
Now that extensions are a formal part of Google 's stable Chrome 4 browser , that trend is changing .
And although it 's not what anyone can call a complete Web browser ( to do that , you really should avoid crashing randomly ) , the latest build of Opera 's " pre-alpha " of version 10.5 continues to send signals that it will keep the afterburners fired up while it puts together a real contender .
Despite the fact that you would n't want to use it yet as an everyday browser , the latest Opera 10.5 pre-alpha actually increased its lead over the latest Chrome dev build -- now just over two points -- in the latest Betanews tests on Windows 7 .
Meanwhile , the latest Apple Safari test build with the development version of the WebKit engine remains neck - and - neck against the latest stable Chrome 4 , slipping just behind it in today 's count .
The lower numbers for both browsers do indicate that both slowed down a hair , but also -- in all fairness -- that Internet Explorer 7 in Vista SP2 sped up , as a result of several security patches that appear to have restored much of IE7's lost performance .
Although it's not the latest Microsoft browser , IE7 is important to our tests because it helps us establish a benchmark against which browser performance can be judged , that 's independent of the hardware .
When we give Chrome 4 a 19.99 score , that means we believe that on any computer you choose to test , Chrome 4 on Windows 7 runs about twenty times faster and more productive than IE7 on Vista on the same machine .
And by making use of that IE8 score of 1.38 , you can easily come to this conclusion : Chrome 4 on Windows 7 should run 14.49 times faster and more productive ( loading more text , calculating more formulas ) than IE8 on Windows 7 .
But with a score of 24.43 in our latest Windows 7 tests , the Opera 10.5 pre-alpha renders , crunches , and expedites content 17.7 times faster than IE8 .
We expect that number to decline a bit as Opera Software fixes this browser to at least " alpha " quality .
Yet with a two - point gap over Chrome 5 , Opera can actually afford to take it down a notch -- something we never thought we'd be saying just four months ago .
Strengths and weaknesses :
The code bases for Google Chrome 4 and Chrome 5 should not differ all that much at this point .
Indeed , their CSS rendering scores ( 10.81 and 10.82 , respectively ) indicate they may not differ at all .
But in certain algorithms , Chrome 5 is clearly superior : for instance , in using the MD5 cryptographic hash algorithm , and in executing the " Genetic Salesman " problem -- finding the best highway route between randomly - generated points on a map .
Chrome 5's SunSpider score is also vastly superior to Chrome 4's , and 5's handling of CSS selectors is improved as well .
Opera 10.5 also posts a high SunSpider score , but not as high as Chrome 5 -- its computational skills are competitive , but not superior yet .
CSS rendering capability for 10.5 is improved , but not up to Chrome quite yet .
It 's in handling old - style Web pages that Opera blows the doors off of the competition , scoring an 11.15 in typical page rendering versus 6.93 for Chrome 5 , 3.99 for Chrome 4 , and 5.82 for the latest Safari 4 +
WebKit nightly build .
Stable Opera builds are also strong in this department , but the 10.5 preview tips the scales , and then pulls them down .
And in graphics rendering , the 10.5 preview is posting obscene numbers in the Canvas object test .
Safari should be the leader here , with the preview build scoring 33.40 and the stable build posting 29.18 -- this compared to 29.11 for Chrome 4 and 26.34 for Chrome 5 .
Opera 's score here is a mind - blowing 66.45 ; and this is a test that is so above - board that there 's really no way to cheat .
It 's that fast .
Mozilla Firefox scores continue to improve , with the latest 3.7 Alpha daily build holding on to a 13.25 overall Windows 7 score -- roughly equivalent to its score from last December , but in the face of a faster relative IE7 .
' It Will Be Terrible ' Economists in Davos Look with Concern to 2010
Many countries have started to see a rebound from last year 's economic recession .
But will it last ?
Economists at the World Economic Forum in Davos warn that paying down massive public debt will be " very , very painful . "
Deep spending cuts and significant tax hikes may be unavoidable .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China ’s quality control watchdog said an investigation into Hewlett - Packard Co showed the company had sold some faulty laptop computers , and ignored consumer protection regulations .
An employee walks past a Hewlett - Packard logo in Hong Kong December 5 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Paul Yeung
The General Administration of Quality Supervision , Inspection and Quarantine said in a statement on its website ( www.aqsiq.gov.cn) that after consumer complaints , it had found several models were affected by defective video cards and display screens .
Faulty video cards caused overheating , crashing of computers and black screens on some HP Pavilion DV2000 and Compaq Presario v3000 laptops , the report said .
Six models including the HP 541 also had problems with their screens , the findings added .
The statement did not say how many computers were affected overall .
HP said on Friday it was aware of the watchdog ’s report .
“ HP acknowledges the findings of the AQSIQ .
We are working on a detailed action plan to ensure all points are addressed and will
publicly outline this plan soon , ” it said , adding its customer care program would look into its customers ’ needs .
The Chinese watchdog ’s report said that in its handling of the complaints , HP also ignored rules to protect customers with “ three guarantees ” of a refund , replacement or repair .
Some 170 people have filed complaints over faulty HP laptops , with their lawyer saying the problems dated back as far as 2007 .
Their case prompted the quality investigation .
The group that filed the initial complaint wanted the government to investigate and order HP to recall all faulty laptops in China , but the watchdog ’s report fell short of that .
It has sent its findings to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the State Administration for Industry and Commerce , the statement said .
The three bodies will now monitor HP ’s activities to ensure that it complies with China ’s consumer protection code , it added .
HP generates more than three - fifths of its revenue outside its U.S. home base .
Last month , it said sales from fast - growing emerging countries Brazil , Russia , India and China leapt 41 percent from a year ago .
In the wake of Vice President Joe Biden ’s ill - fated trip to Israel last week , many people would agree with the Israeli ambassador Michael Oren 's remark that ‘ Israel 's ties with the United States are in their worst crisis since 1975 … a crisis of historic proportions . ’
Like all crises , this one will eventually go away .
However , this bitter fight has disturbing implications for Israelis and their American supporters .
First , the events of the past week make it clear in ways that we have not seen in the past that Israel is a strategic liability for the United States , not the strategic asset that the Israel lobby has long claimed it was .
Specifically , the Obama administration has unambiguously declared that Israel ’s expansionist policies in the Occupied Territories , including East Jerusalem , are doing serious damage to US interests in the region .
Indeed , Biden reportedly told the Israeli prime minister , Binyahim Netanyahu , in private :
This is starting to get dangerous for us .
What you ’re doing here undermines the security of our troops who are fighting in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
That endangers us , and it endangers regional peace .
If that message begins to resonate with the American public , unconditional support for the Jewish state is likely to evaporate .
Right after Biden ’s remarks were reported by the Israeli newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth , Mark Perry , a Middle East expert with excellent contacts in the US military , described a briefing that senior officers working directly for General David Petraeus , the head of Central Command , gave on 16 January to Admiral Michael Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
The central message Petraeus sent to Mullen , according to Perry , was that ‘ Israeli intransigence on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict was jeopardising US standing in the region … and could cost American lives . ’
Apparently , Mullen took this message to the White House , where it had a significant impact on the president and his chief advisers .
Biden ’s comments to Netanyahu appear to reflect that view .
Israel ’s supporters in the United States have long defended the special relationship between the two countries on the grounds that their interests are virtually the same and therefore it makes sense to back Israel no matter what policies it adopts .
Recent events show that claim to be false , however , which will make it hard to defend the special relationship , especially if it is putting American soldiers at risk .
Second , the Obama administration has gone beyond simply expressing anger over the 1600 housing units that Israel announced it would build in East Jerusalem just after Biden landed at Ben-Gurion Airport .
According to press reports that have not been challenged , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has demanded that Netanyahu reverse his government ’s decision approving that construction .
This demand is unprecedented ; the United States has often complained about settlement building , and Obama asked Israel to freeze temporarily the construction of new settlements in 2009 , but it has never asked Israel to reverse a building plan that the government has already approved .
Israel will surely fight tooth and nail against Clinton ’s demand , and so will the main groups in the lobby .
The Netanyahu government is filled with hard - line opponents of a two - state solution , many of whom also believe that East Jerusalem is an integral part of Israel , and it is hard to see how Netanyahu ’s coalition could survive if he agreed not to build those 1600 housing units .
Yet Obama has powerful incentives to stand his ground as well .
After all , he backed down last year when Netanyahu refused his request that Israel completely freeze settlement building in all of the Occupied Territories – including East Jerusalem – and that act of spinelessness has cost him dearly in the Arab and Islamic world .
More important , we now know that the president and his lieutenants believe that new construction in East Jerusalem threatens American lives , which makes it even harder to see how he could back down without suffering political damage .
Still , it is hard to imagine the Obama administration engaging in a serious fight with Israel over the fate of those 1600 housing units , given that the lobby wields extraordinary influence inside the Beltway .
The president is also not inclined by temperament to engage in public brawls and he has so many other problems on his plate that he surely does not want to get bogged down in a costly fight with Israel and its American supporters .
In the end , there is likely to be a rather muted , protracted dispute between the two sides over those housing units and the many others that the Netanyahu government plans to build in East Jerusalem .
This ongoing conflict will be a constant reminder to Americans that Israel and the United States have conflicting interests on a very important issue .
The third reason that this crisis is so troublesome for Israel and the lobby is that it forces the latter to choose sides in a public way .
There is little doubt that almost all of the mainstream organisations of the lobby will back Israel to the hilt and blame the Obama administration for the crisis .
This tendency to defend Israel no matter what it does is reflected in the recent comments of Abraham Foxman , the head of the Anti-Defamation League .
He issued a press release about the Biden visit in which he said he was ‘ shocked and stunned at the administration 's tone and public dressing down of Israel on the issue of future building in Jerusalem ’ .
It was , he said , ‘ a gross overreaction to a point of policy difference among friends ’ .
He will have plenty of company in the weeks ahead from his fellow hard - liners in the lobby , who will not miss an opportunity to defend Israel and lambast Obama and his advisers .
Siding with Israel against the United States was not a great problem a few years ago : one could pretend that the interests of the two countries were the same and there was little knowledge in the broader public about how the Israel lobby operated and how much it influenced the making of US Middle East policy .
But those days are gone , probably for ever .
It is now commonplace to talk about the lobby in the mainstream media and almost everyone who pays serious attention to American foreign policy understands – thanks mainly to the internet – that the lobby is an especially powerful interest group .
Therefore , it will be difficult to disguise the fact that most pro-Israel groups are siding with Israel against the US president , and defending policies that respected military leaders now openly question .
This is an awful situation for the lobby to find itself in , because it raises legitimate questions about whether it has the best interests of the United States at heart or whether it cares more about Israel ’s interests .
Again , this matters more than ever , because key figures in the administration have let it be known that Israel is acting in ways that at best complicate US diplomacy , and at worst could get Americans killed .
The crisis will undoubtedly simmer down over the next few weeks .
We are already hearing lots of reassuring rhetoric from the administration and Capitol Hill about ‘ shared values ’ , ‘ unbreakable bonds ’ and the other supposed virtues of the special relationship .
And the lobby is hard at work downplaying the importance of the crisis .
For example , Congressman Gary Ackerman , a fervent supporter of Israel , described recent events as a ‘ mini- crisis , if even that ’.
Michael
Oren is now denying – rather late in the game I might add – that he ever said that relations between Israel and the United States are at a 35 - year low .
He claims to have been ‘ flagrantly misquoted ’ .
And to show how Orwellian the lobby can be , Israel ’s supporters are also trying to make the case that Biden too was flagrantly misquoted and indeed , he never told Netanyahu that Israel ’s policies were putting American troops at risk .
This concerted effort to rewrite history and generate lots of happy talk about the special relationship will surely help ameliorate the present crisis , but that will only be a temporary fix .
There will be more crises ahead , because a two - state solution is probably impossible at this point and ‘ greater Israel ’ is going to end up an apartheid state .
The United States cannot support that outcome , however , partly for the strategic reasons that have been exposed by the present crisis , but also because apartheid is a morally reprehensible system that no decent American could openly embrace .
Given its core values , how could the United States sustain a special relationship with an apartheid state ?
In short , America ’s remarkably close relationship with Israel is now in trouble and this situation will only get worse .
Dozens of people have been arrested under the Stolen Valor Act , which punishes , by up to a year in jail , the wearing of any unearned military medal .
It is still a crime even if no effort was made to profit from the adornment or dissembling about earning it .
This law is now being challenged in the courts as a violation of the First Amendment ’s free speech right .
Let ’s hope that the judicial system acknowledges the clear violation of this amendment .
But , of course , many times the courts choose the wrong answer , especially when questions of " patriotism " and the military arise .
The ancient Greeks and the men of the 18th - century Enlightenment , which included the American founders , differentiated between patriotism and nationalism .
Patriotism to both of these groups meant a responsibility to fellow citizens and devotion to humanity and the common good .
Fealty to the nation - state and its government – nationalism – was an entirely different concept .
In fact , the original U.S. patriots fought the American Revolution against the British nation - state and its government to preserve the traditional Englishmen ’s rights in the colonies , which were under attack from the British crown .
Unfortunately , in the 19th century , the concepts of patriotism and nationalism blended .
On top of that , after World War II , U.S. foreign policy became permanently militarized and public guilt about some mistreatment of returning Vietnam conscripts has led to excessive post -Vietnam adulation of the U.S. military .
The public also feels sheepish about its lack of sacrifice – for example , sitting in lazy boy recliners watching the Super Bowl – while young men and women fight the government ’s wars .
Such excessive admiration of things military is quite the opposite of what the founders believed .
They , almost to a man , were suspicious that large standing armies , such as those of 18th - century European monarchs , would be a major threat to liberty .
Given this American history , the adoption by the House , unanimous passage by the Senate , and signing by the president in 2006 of the clearly unconstitutional Stolen Valor Act indicates that demagogic nationalism by politicians knows no bounds .
Wearing an unearned military medal falls under none of the traditional judicial limits imposed on First Amendment free speech – that is , obscenity , libel , or imminent danger to others .
That is , the courts have ruled that the First Amendment protects almost all speech that does n’t harm another person .
Also , as Jonathan Turley a law professor at George Washington University told the Washington Post about the act , " Half the pickup lines in bars across the country could be criminalized under that concept . "
Taking the absurdity even farther , a kid could be arrested for wearing old military medals as part of a Halloween costume .
Of course , if anyone attempts to profit from saying that they won an unearned medal , or by actually wearing one , he or she could still be charged with fraud .
Liberty , for which our military men and women are supposed to be fighting , should trump nationalism , faux patriotism , and militarism .
In fact , all of these things probably harms the U.S. military more than a wannabe hero making false claims about earning a martial medal .
All of these maladies , usually promoted by guilt - ridden expedient civilians , usually get military people killed in unnecessary wars – certainly more disrespect to the nation ’s armed forces than faking a few medals .
Taylor Swift had the best problem any singer could have on Sunday .
The singer , in the press room at the 52nd Grammy Awards , could n’t keep a hold of the four gramophone statuettes she received , dropping one to the ground — breaking it !
The 20 - year - old country crooner , clad in a dark steel blue gown with off - the - shoulder detailing , dropped her jaw as photographers snapped the embarrassing gaffe .
On the whole the night was a success for Swift , who won best country album , album of the year — and a possible endorsement deal with Butterfinger .
Lady Gaga Gets Spacey For Grammy Carpet & Elton John Duet
We kid — congrats Taylor !
* Name
* Email address
* Your offer in USD
Phone number
Message
By submitting this form , you confirm you have read and accept our Terms and Conditions , Privacy Policy and Cookies and Tracking Policy , agree to the processing of your personal information to use Flippa and acknowledge that you are at least 18 years of age .
You also consent to receiving direct marketing content from us and our suppliers about products and services .
You may withdraw consent by closing your account .
“ hurry before all these savings are lost , like tears in rain . ”
by Matthew Lickona
In Why I Did It , artists and authors explain just why they made something .
This week , Matthew Lickona talks about the making of Alphonse : A Monster For Our Time , a comic book about , yes , an aborted fetus .
I mean , yes , what was I thinking ?
Here ’s the rationale I wish I could give .
A lot of good horror stories are moral anxiety writ large ( see also : Frankenstein and humanity ’s attempt to put nature on the rack , The Bacchae as the first in a long line of what my friend Michael calls “ you screw , you die ” stories . )
And I think it ’s fair to say that there is moral anxiety about abortion .
I think there is a reason why Hillary Clinton called it “ a sad , even tragic choice to many , many women ; ” why President Obama expressed his belief in The Audacity of Hope that “ few women made the decision to terminate a pregnancy casually ; that any woman felt the full force of the moral issues involved and wrestled with her conscience when making that heart - wrenching decision . ”
On a more personal , less political level , Jennifer Senior documented this anxiety in a story she wrote for New York magazine , “ The Abortion Distortion . ”
Senior visited the Allegheny Reproductive Health Center in Pittsburgh , and spoke with counselor ( and former director ) Claire Keyes :
Keyes knows that most women refer to the developing lives inside of them as â€˜babies , ’ rather than fetuses , whether they ’re conflicted about their abortions or not .
She knows that occasionally women want to keep sonograms of the fetuses they ’ve aborted and even ask to see their reassembled remains once the procedure ’s through .
( This is standard medical procedure , in order to make sure all the parts have been removed . )
While many of her clinic patients are at peace with their decision , others are not , and she ’s got piles of loose - leaf binders containing pink hearts inscribed with messages to husbands , boyfriends , parents , God ( â€ ˜A lot are to God ’ ) , and the never - born that express those feelings of uncertainty - like this one , written in the bubble handwriting of a teen who had accompanied her friend :
To the unborn child , Know that your mom made the choice to keep you in heaven and this was not easy for us .
( I was her support . )
At the end of each counseling session , Keyes offers women a basket of stones from which to choose and make a wish .
In early 2008 , she built a small sanctuary in her clinic so that women and their partners could â€˜say a final good - bye or a prayer , or just to sit quietly and not think anything at all . ’
I think abortion is “ heart - wrenching ” because something dies in an abortion - something that , ordinarily , would eventually grow into what everybody agrees is a human person .
Some people think this “ something ” is a human person from the moment of conception .
Others think it is a human person only after it leaves its mother ’s body .
Many others fall somewhere in between , and believe that abortion should be legal , but restricted in this or that way .
Why do they fall somewhere in between ?
I do n’t think it ’s absurd to suggest that it ’s because they ’re uncertain .
Yes , they affirm a woman ’s right to choose whether or not to carry her pregnancy to term .
But … something dies , something that , ten weeks into the pregnancy , has hands and a face .
They ’re uncertain about just what that something is .
And from that uncertainty arises moral anxiety : if the fetus is not a person , then we need not worry overmuch about disposing of it .
But if the fetus is a person , then abortion is a moral horror .
My comic series Alphonse takes that horror - that notion that hovers over many facets of the debate - and makes it overt .
It imagines a fetus whose personhood is so manifest that he has the faculties of a fully developed adult .
A fetus who is consumed with rage after suffering betrayal at the most fundamental level , and who vows revenge on those who sought to take his life .
Alphonse is literally a monster - ” a fetus or an infant that is grotesquely abnormal and usually not viable ” - one I hope bears some of the perversely prophetic character of the freaks who populate Flannery O’Connor ’s short stories .
( Think of the Misfit in “ A Good Man is Hard to Find , ” or the club - footed boy in “ The Lame Shall Enter First . ” )
He is my attempt at what O’Connor would call a “ large and startling figure , ” whose grotesque character upsets the ordinary way of the world .
And like the Misfit , he is not the center of the story , not really .
Everybody remembers Hannibal Lecter from The Silence of the Lambs , but of course , the story is really about a damaged young woman ’s attempt to silence the demons that have haunted her from youth .
( “ Have the lambs stopped screaming , Clarice ? ” )
So yeah , Alphonse is the monster who makes the cover , but Alphonse is very much the story of eight lives that intersect after an attempted abortion .
It is not a polemic , not a treatise , not a piece of propaganda .
It is , I hope , a good horror story .
* * *
As I said , that ’s the rationale I wish I could give .
But even though I think all of the above is true , it ’s also hindsight .
It ’s not where Alphonse came from .
I did n’t sit down and wonder , “ How can I best explore the moral anxiety surrounding abortion in a fictional setting ? ”
That ’s not how inspiration works - not for me , at least .
It started with Pixy , a 1993 graphic novel by Max Andersson .
From the promo copy :
Alka Seltzer and Angina Pectoris have all the luck — bad , that is .
They ’ve been ejected into the street because their apartment was put to sleep , Angina had to abort their child ( the result of a malfunctioning Safe - Sex bodysuit ) — how could it get worse ?
When a friendly stranger offers them his apartment , things seem to be looking up … but then Angina gets a call from the Netherworld .
It ’s her aborted fetus : he ’s drunk and he ’s pissed off .
So begins Pixy , which Neil Gaiman calls â€ ˜the best comic I ’ve read this year . ’
Me , I never got past that devastating phone call from the Netherworld .
I closed the book and put it back on the shelf at the comic shop .
But the image stayed with me .
That was the beginning .
And I confess to feeling a serious twinge when I watched Kill Bill Vol. 2 and saw the Bride instantly transformed by the realization that she was pregnant .
“ Before that strip turned blue , I was a killer who killed for you .
But once that strip turned blue , I could no longer do any of those things .
Not any more .
Because I was going to be a mother . ”
( I do n’t know if it ’s permissible to have earnest emotional responses during Tarantino ’s movies .
Ca n’t help it . )
But things really took off with Umbert .
( File under : you do n’t always get to choose your muse . )
Longtime readers of Gawker may recall the site ’s mention of a comic strip character called Umbert the Unborn .
Umbert is a fetus in utero who is endowed with reason , will and detailed knowledge of the world outside the womb - including legalized abortion .
Umbert is clearly intended to be sweet and endearing ( and too adorable to abort ) , but he got me to thinking - what if it were true ?
What if there was a fetus who really was sentient , who was suspended upside down in the dark , and who knew he was slated for termination ?
What would that do to a person ?
I figured it would leave him deeply twisted - consumed by fear and rage , but also desperate for love .
That ’s Alphonse .
I first wrote about my inverse - Umbert in a memoir I had pitched and sold to a small Catholic press .
They were so unhappy with the finished manuscript that I ended up having to return my advance ; the letter my editor wrote me explaining where I had gone wrong mentioned Alphonse in two separate places .
( And my editor was pro-life . )
But my little monster stayed with me .
I made one sketch , then another .
And then , all at once , the first page of a comic .
I am not much of an artist , but I hung on to that page .
Eventually , I wrote a script for that opening scene .
And then for the whole story .
Long story short : three years after that first sketch , and after pitching everyone I knew in the comic and book publishing worlds , I decided to self - publish .
( Just like Bone !
Except , you know , without the charm and probably the genius . )
I begged enough money from friends and relatives to hire an artist and letterer for my first issue .
When I learned about the micro-financing site Kickstarter.com , I used it to beg enough money for issue two .
These days , I ’m begging again .
* * *
Why did Alphonse stay with me ?
Well , the easy answer is because of my parents ’ patient and tireless efforts on behalf of the unborn .
And while my own involvement does not really compare to theirs , I am still squarely in the camp that holds to the personhood of the fetus from the get - go .
I remain convinced that abortion matters , and matters enough to make a quixotic project like Alphonse - which runs the risk of offending people on both sides of the issue - worthwhile .
But there is another reason - less why Alphonse has stayed with me , more why I have stayed with Alphonse .
Last Saturday afternoon , my 12 - year - old son was sitting on the living room couch , reading a magazine put out by a pro-life organization .
I was at the dining room table .
“ Dad , ” he called to me , “ Can you give me some pro-choice literature ? ”
“ Yes , I can , ” I said .
“ Why do you ask ? ”
He held up the magazine .
“ I want them to read this .
And it would be hypocritical of me to ask them to read it if I did n’t read their stuff . ”
I was proud of him .
I did not introduce my son to the abortion issue , but once he came to me about it , I tried hard to get him to consider the opposition before making pronouncements .
That kind of consideration is not easy when you are 12 and you believe that abortion ends a human life , but here he was , making the effort .
I do n’t imagine that Alphonse is going to change anyone ’s mind about abortion , and that ’s okay .
That ’s not why I wrote it .
Rather , I was trying to make a work of art ( however minor ) that would do some of the things that art does - reflect experience , engage imagination , and just maybe , enlarge perspective .
Matthew Lickona is a staff writer for the San Diego Reader , a weekly newspaper .
Alphonse can be purchased online .
The first issue is available as a PDF here .
Critics of the Australia ’s proposed internet filtering scheme just keep on coming .
This week , it 's the turn of one of Australia ’s biggest and most formidable allies , the United States , to put the boot into a scheme that would turn Australia into the free world ’s strictest regulator of internet content .
This follows objections raised last week by those well - known purveyors of internet smut , Google and Yahoo , and before that by Reporters sans Frontieres ( RSF ) , a French campaigning group dedicated to defending the rights of the press and freedom of expression across the globe .
It remains unclear , however , who in the US administration said what to which bit of the Australian government , as neither side is prepared to say more than that they are in discussion over this topic .
Speaking to the Associated Press earlier this week , a US State Department spokesman , Michael Tran , said : " Our main message of course is that we remain committed to advancing the free flow of information which we view as vital to economic prosperity and preserving open societies globally . "
He then added : " We do n't discuss the details of specific diplomatic exchanges , but I can say that in the context of that ongoing relationship , we have raised our concerns on this matter with Australian officials . "
So it is difficult to gauge exactly who the United States are talking to or what they are talking about .
No clarification whatsoever was provided from the Australian side of the exchange .
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy declined to provide any further comment on the US concerns .
However Suzie Brady , a spokeswoman for the Minister , said : " The Australian and US governments liaise regularly on a broad range of issues .
It would be inappropriate to discuss the details of these consultations . "
What is clear is that as well as stirring up controversy at home , the Australian government is starting to annoy some very powerful players across the globe .
One serious concern , expressed by RSF , is that by adopting such a strict approach to censorship Australia will undermine the West ’s case when arguing freedom of expression with more repressive regimes such as China and North Korea .
Australia is not yet in the same censorship league as those countries , but it was placed " under surveillance " in the latest RSF report on internet censorship , Internet Enemies .
We must now wait and see whether the Australian government will take account of the effect its policy is having on its friends and allies when the matter comes before parliament later this year . ®
DUBAI , March 25 ( Reuters ) - Osama bin Laden , in a fresh audiotape , threatened to execute any Americans taken prisoner by al Qaeda if accused Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is executed , al Jazeera television reported on Thursday .
( Writing by Cynthia Johnston )
Space Shuttle Endeavour is carrying Node - 3 ( Tranquility ) and Cupola towards the International Space Station .
Watch a video about the new European - made parts of the ISS and how they will be installed to the Station .
Node - 3 is part of the Columbus launch barter agreement with NASA under which ESA supplied two of the connecting nodes ( Node - 2 and - 3 ) for the International Space Station ( ISS ) and additional high - technology laboratory equipment and services to NASA in return for launching Europe ’s Columbus laboratory to the ISS in February 2008 .
Cupola is covered by a separate barter agreement in exchange of the launch and return of five ESA payloads by NASA .
Node - 3 will provide more space for equipment and the astronauts .
Cupola , the largest and most complex window assembly ever launched into space , will find its home on the Earth - facing port of Node - 3 .
It will provide a unique vantage point for observing Earth and for crew recreation .
Learn more about the Node - 3 , Cupola and STS - 130 mission by watching the video above .
ESA Human Spaceflight director Simonetta Di Pippo and Philippe Deloo , Head of Cupola / Nodes Project Office at ESA , tell more about the launch and about the importance of the Node - 3 and Cupola on the ESA Webstreaming Network .
Welcome to the only authorized dealer of SXSW Music Festival , SXSW Film Festival , and SXSW Gaming Expo Wristbands for SXSW 2020 in Austin , Texas from March 13 - 22 .
Music fans living outside of the greater Austin area can purchase Hotel Music Festival Wristband Packages – learn more .
All wristband sales begin January 22 , 2020 .
Sign up to receive email updates about SXSW Wristbands including future wristband sales .
Good Touch , Bad Touch
Rebecca wrote about parents , consent and touch here .
It was well - written and moving .
I see this from the parenting end of the spectrum .
It is my job to make sure that my children can can access a sense of boundaries .
Bodily autonomy is rationed , the most to the cis - het - white able adult men , and everyone else ’s body is less private than that .
In various ways , our culture puts everyone else ’s bodies up for debate , examination , and nonconsensual touching .
Kids more than adults , folks with disabilities more than folks without , folks with trans histories more than folks whose current identities match their assignment at birth , and women more than men .
So I worry about all my kids ; I worry most about my daughter , but I ca n’t know when and how they will encounter people who think they ca n’t or should n’t have boundaries , and I have to prepare them without knowing .
[ UPDATE : I did n’t have it in mind when I was writing this , but my excellent coblogger and cocontributor Cedar Troost covered precisely this issue in zir Yes Means Yes essay , which I do n’t have handy to properly reference .
I found Cedar ’s writing on this very influenial in my thinking at the time , and so I am indebted to Cedar for this piece . ]
What Rebecca describes is a fight that can not be won in a single engagement .
It is a constant .
Grandparents and aunts and uncles press in with their sense of entitlement to smooch and pat and kiss .
If we teach our children to go along to get along , how is that differentiable from the gym teacher or the school nurse ?
Many parents teach about “ good touch and bad touch ” , but what ’s the point of alerting children to how they feel about inappropriate touch if we also teach them that there is nothing they can do about it ?
If the answer is , “ if it makes you feel bad , suck it up , ” they ’ll learn it .
They will learn to remain silent about the aunt ’s intrusive kiss , the friend ’s father ’s inappropriate touch , and the thing that happened with that boy that they wo n’t call rape for months or years after .
The Shapely Prose link above links to this at Fugitivus .
Harriet Jacobs wrote there :
If women are raised being told by parents , teachers , media , peers , and all surrounding social strata that : it is not okay to set solid and distinct boundaries and reinforce them immediately and dramatically when crossed ( “ mean bitch ” )
it is not okay to appear distraught or emotional ( “ crazy bitch ” )
it is not okay to make personal decisions that the adults or other peers in your life do not agree with , and it is not okay to refuse to explain those decisions to others ( “ stuck - up bitch ” )
it is not okay to refuse to agree with somebody , over and over and over again ( “ angry bitch ” )
it is not okay to have ( or express ) conflicted , fluid , or experimental feelings about yourself , your body , your sexuality , your desires , and your needs ( “ bitch got daddy issues ” )
it is not okay to use your physical strength ( if you have it ) to set physical boundaries ( “ dyke bitch ” )
it is not okay to raise your voice ( “ shrill bitch ” )
it is not okay to completely and utterly shut down somebody who obviously likes you ( “ mean dyke / frigid bitch ” )
If we teach women that there are only certain ways they may acceptably behave , we should not be surprised when they behave in those ways .
And we should not be surprised when they behave these ways during attempted or completed rapes .
Women who are taught not to speak up too loudly or too forcefully or too adamantly or too demandingly are not going to shout “ NO ” at the top of their goddamn lungs just because some guy is getting uncomfortably close .
Women who are taught not to keep arguing are not going to keep saying “ NO . ”
Women who are taught that their needs and desires are not to be trusted , are fickle and wrong and are not to be interpreted by the woman herself , are not going to know how to argue with “ but you liked kissing , I just thought … ”
Women who are taught that physical confrontations make them look crazy will not start hitting , kicking , and screaming until it ’s too late , if they do at all .
Women who are taught that a display of their emotional state will have them labeled hysterical and crazy ( which is how their perception of events will be discounted ) will not be willing to run from a room disheveled and screaming and crying .
Women who are taught that certain established boundaries are frowned upon as too rigid and unnecessary are going to find themselves in situations that move further faster before they realize that their first impression was right , and they are in a dangerous room with a dangerous person .
[ Emphasis supplied . ]
The ones who are going along to get along are us , the parents .
Let ’s be honest : we do n’t want to have to explain to our parents and siblings that their sense of entitlement is wrong .
We do n’t want to have to say the things that Rebecca says in her letter .
I ’m tempted to say this is men ’s job , but that ’s oversimplified , and a product of my experiences , which are not everyone ’s .
Family structures are not all the same , and neither are family dynamics .
But I ’m a cis man raising children with a cis woman , and her relationship with family is more delicate than mine .
I ’m the one who can be an asshole .
I ’m the one who can say , “ I ’m their dad , and I told them they do n’t have to kiss anyone they do n’t want to . ”
I ca n’t say in every family who can do this job .
I know in mine , it is me .
And so I will do it .
The first person who must recognize and respect the right to say “ no ” is the self .
Internalizing the ethos of going along to get along kills autonomy before it is ever communicated .
If we teach the next generation that they ca n’t really say “ no , ” and mean it , they wo n’t even try .
They ’ll stifle that “ no , ” and swallow it , and it will rot there .
And then our children with pay the price for our timidity .
A Blog About The Ephemeral World Of Celebrity And The Chess Universe .
( CNN ) -- Ministering to young adults at New York 's Riverside Church , the Rev. J. Lee Hill Jr. has n't had much success in recruiting for Sunday morning services .
But his mission trips to New Orleans , Louisiana , since Hurricane Katrina and his efforts to connect with older teens and 20 - somethings -- the so - called millennial generation -- via Facebook have paid big dividends .
" Church is difficult because young people today want to engage actively , " Hill said .
" They just want to experience God . "
A study released Wednesday by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public life appears to bear that out .
On the one hand , it finds that young Americans are significantly less religious than their parents and grandparents were when they were young .
But the report also suggests that many of the beliefs and faith - based practices of 18 - to 29 - year - olds mirror those of their elders .
One in four American millennials -- which it defined as those who were born after 1980 and came of age around the millennium -- are not affiliated with any faith tradition , Pew found .
They characterize their religion as " atheist , " " agnostic " or " nothing in particular . "
That compares to fewer than one in five Generation Xers -- Americans born from 1965 to 1980 -- who were unaffiliated with a religion when they were in their late teens and early 20s .
Just 13 percent of American baby boomers -- those born from 1946 to 1964 -- were unaffiliated with any religious tradition when they were young adults , according to Pew .
But when it comes to many beliefs and practices -- like views about life after death , the existence of heaven and hell and miracles -- millennials resemble previous generations of young Americans .
For instance , 45 percent of young Americans report praying daily , about the same proportion who said they did in the 1980s and '90s .
" While growing numbers of people are unaffiliated , it 's not necessarily a sign that they 're committed secularists , " said Greg Smith , a senior researcher at the Pew Forum .
" We 're seeing among young people that there are ways of practicing faith and being religious outside of belonging to a religious organization or attending services . "
Roughly two in three millennials said that they believe in God with absolute certainty , according to Pew , similar to the share of Gen Xers that reported such certainty about God a decade ago .
The study also suggests that people tend to grow more religious as they age .
Today , a third of baby boomers attend church at least once a week , while just a quarter did in the late 1970s , according to Pew .
But Pew researchers said the larger share of millennials who are unaffiliated with any religious tradition is not likely to shrink as that generation ages .
About 13 percent of baby boomers reported being unaffiliated in the late 1970s , and the same share remains unaffiliated today .
Interestingly , among millennials who do identify with a religion , the intensity of that affiliation is similar to previous generations .
About a third of religiously affiliated millennials call themselves " strong " members of their faith , the same as Gen Xers who reported feeling that way when they were young .
Feb. 11 , 2010  --
While Dennis Hopper battles cancer , he 's also battling his wife , Victoria Duffy - Hopper , for custody of their six - year - old daughter , Galen .
Hopper , 73 , currently undergoing chemotherapy for advanced prostate cancer , filed declarations along with his children , doctors and assistant in Los Angeles Superior Court today to support his divorce petition from Duffy - Hopper , 42 , his wife of 14 years .
Court papers portray Duffy - Hopper as a villian , Reuters reports .
The papers describe her as " extremely volatile , " " insane and out of her mind " and " inhuman . "
In the papers , Hopper , the star of " Easy Rider " and other films , claims his wife has kept Galen from him for long periods of time .
He said he spent Christmas " in utter distress " after Duffy - Hopper took Galen to Boston , a trip he learned about from her attorney .
" This malevolent act ... has caused me to miss what may very well be my last Christmas with my daughter Galen , " Hopper said in his filing .
Also contained in the court papers are allegations from Hopper 's family that Duffy - Hopper stole pieces from her husband 's priceless art collection and changed the locks on his house .
The papers say cancer has reduced Hopper 's weight to 120 pounds .
They say he vomits after taking his medication .
In court today , a judge ruled Duffy - Hopper must stay at least 10 feet away from Hopper ; his son , Henry ; his daughter , Marin ; and his assistant , Emily Davis , according to TMZ.com .
The judge also ruled that Duffy - Hopper may not enter the main Hopper residence in Venice , Calif .
or any other portion of the property other than the unit in which she is currently living .
However , Duffy - Hopper maintains primary custody of Galen .
The judge granted Hopper the right to visit his daughter every day for two hours .
Hopper 's claims come in the wake of Duffy - Hopper 's response to his divorce filing , in which she said the ailing actor was being coerced to leave her by his adult children , who want a larger piece of his estate .
Victoria Duffy - Hopper : Dennis Can't Make Decisions
In a declaration filed in Los Angeles Superior Court in January and obtained by ABC News , Victoria Duffy - Hopper , 41 , said her husband , who was diagnosed with prostate cancer 10 years ago , had been rendered mentally incapable of making decisions for himself or in the best interests of Galen .
In the filing she asserted that Hopper , allegedly addled by illness and drug use , threatened her verbally , kept loaded guns around the house , and exposed their young daughter both to his frequent marijuana use and to films that contain inappropriate sexual content .
Duffy - Hopper , the actor 's fifth wife , said in her declaration that Hopper has been " pressured " by his " advisors and adult children from other relationships to file for dissolution of our marriage " despite being " incapable of handling his legal and financial affairs . "
Under the prenuptial agreement the couple signed before their 1996 wedding , Duffy - Hopper is entitled to 25 percent of Hopper 's estate so long as they were " married and living together , " according to the filing .
Duffy - Hopper is now also seeking child support and continued use of Hopper 's Venice , Calif. , home designed by architect Frank Gehry , as well as counseling for their daughter Galen and attorneys ' fees .
Duffy - Hopper also claimed in court papers that her husband told her he " does not want to divorce " but " that other people are insisting he take care of them upon his death . "
Mentioned specifically is Hopper 's daughter Marin , who at 47 , is six years older than Duffy - Hopper .
In the declaration , Duffy - Hopper requested a restraining order be issued barring Marin from the Ventura compound .
She also requested a restraining order against Hopper that would ensure that any meetings between the actor and their six - year - old daughter would be monitored .
She accused Hopper of being verbally abusive , claiming that in 2008 he called her " a human garbage can . "
In 2009 , she alleges in the papers , he threatened her : " Something bad is going to happen to you and you wo n't see it coming . "
The Kansas - born Hopper has had a colorful career in Hollywood .
He shot to fame with " Easy Rider . "
Before that , he acted alongside James Dean in " Rebel Without a Cause " and " Giant . "
In 1979 , Hopper appeared in " Apocalypse Now " and in 1994 , " Speed . "
His more recent work includes the role of record producer Ben Cendars in the cable TV series " Crash . "
ABC News ' Sheila Marikar contributed to this report .
Every great cause has its galvanic moment , when the world finally takes notice .
Then comes the hard part — sustaining the commitment long enough to make a real difference .
The campaign on behalf of the great apes enjoyed this kind of collective epiphany in the early 1970s after researchers discovered , among other things , that chimpanzees fashion crude tools , demolishing a supposedly essential difference between ourselves and our closest genetic kin .
Around then , a wave of researchers , many of them women , set off in search of primates to study .
Most have long since returned home .
Among the exceptions is Janis Carter , who arrived in West Africa in 1977 for what she expected to be a three - week stay .
She has been there ever since .
When I reached her by telephone in Banjul , Gambia , she seemed perplexed to be reminded that she has been working with chimpanzees in Africa for nearly 30 years .
" I'm 54 , " she said as if passing on an unlikely news flash .
" I still consider myself young even though I do n't climb trees anymore , and I 'm trying to be more careful . "
Carter was on her way to visit the sanctuary for orphaned and captive - born chimpanzees that she helped establish on three islands in the Gambia River .
Then she planned a return to the forests of Guinea , where she has been working with hunters , villagers and government officials to protect habitat for endangered wild chimpanzees .
" I do have an odd sort of lifestyle , " she conceded .
Blame it on serendipity .
Carter was a graduate student in psychology at the University of Oklahoma when she accompanied two chimpanzees being released in the wild in Gambia , a coastal West African country .
One was Lucy , a captive - born chimpanzee famous for being able to communicate in sign language .
Carter was supposed to stick around just long enough to smooth the chimps ' transition , but the venture proved far more difficult than she 'd expected .
After all , Lucy had been raised in a human home and perhaps thought of herself as a human child .
In some senses , Lucy and other chimpanzees arriving on the island had to be instructed in how to become more fully themselves .
Carter demonstrated which foods were safe , led foraging expeditions , and communicated through chimp vocalizations .
In one of two stories she wrote about her experiences for Smithsonian in the 1980s , she stated : " I knew that if the chimps ' return to the wild was to be successful , I too would have to limit my contact with humans . "
The chimps were let loose on the island .
She slept in a cage .
In 1985 , Dash , a young male chimpanzee , attacked Carter , dragging her a considerable distance .
Her body got caught in a thorn bush , and she escaped by rolling into the water for a swim back to her cage .
As she nursed her wounds , it dawned on Carter that she 'd just been knocked off her perch as the dominant leader on the island and would have to move .
Shortly after Carter left the island , Lucy died , possibly killed by a poacher .
Devastated , Carter considered leaving Africa .
But while puzzling over Lucy 's death , Carter realized , with a start , how little she knew about the people who occupy dozens of villages along the Gambia River near the refuge .
She saw that their support was essential to ensure the chimps ' safety .
" What Lucy 's death did was push me toward human beings and away from the island . "
When she reached out to the villagers , she discovered how little they understood her .
One told her about a dragon - like creature that villagers believe lives on the island and about villagers ’ suspicions that she was in cahoots with it .
Carter began surveying the attitudes of villagers toward chimpanzees and monitoring chimpanzee populations in neighboring Senegal and Guinea .
In the Nialama Classified Forest in Guinea , she tapped local hunters ' knowledge about where chimps find water and food , marked the corridors that link their feeding areas and mapped their migration patterns .
This knowledge helps government officials and community leaders direct farming and logging where they wo n’t interfere with chimp survival .
Toward the end of our conversation , she mentioned Dash .
She 'd taught him how to recognize crocodiles and gather food before he drove her from the island .
Thirty years old , he remains the swaggering , dominant male in his group , one of four groups in a population of more than 60 chimpanzees .
Now , though , he 's down to his last tooth .
Like the mother of an aging son , Carter seemed startled to have discovered that Dash has grown pudgy .
" It just seems unnatural that I ’m going to outlive him , " she said .
" Unnatural somehow . "
Two men have built a popcorn - making robot that serves up a new batch whenever someone mentions #popcorn on Twitter .
Popcorn Tweets was created by Dave Britt and Justin Goeres as their entry into a contest held by popcorn manufacturer Fireworks Popcorn .
The pair writes of the invention :
" A custom LabVIEW program polls Twitter for any mention of #popcorn , and for each Tweet , activates a LEGO Mindstorms NXT robot to power some Rube Goldberg sort of contraption that makes popcorn one Tweet at a time . "
We sure hope it 's turned off right now or the two inventors may be in for a maelstrom of # popcorn tweets .
[ via Engadget ]
We 've seen our fair share of thin HDTVs -- and pressed iPhones against them for comparison -- so it 's no big deal when Sharp swivels its latest edge lit LED creation and shows off its 1.6 - inch depth , but George Takei's " Oh My " reaction is priceless .
We were in the house for Sharp 's unveiling of its quad - pixel technology ( now called Quattron ) and were n't sure we got the difference , so there 's no doubt they needed an extra something to show viewers why they should care ( embedded after the break in case you did n't spot it during the NCAA Tournament ) since your display just is n't ready for constant loops of sunflowers , saxophones and repeat playback of Oh Yeah via the USB media port .
Having been involved with the UFC since the early days of the promotion , Bruce Buffer knows that in this business you have to constantly evolve to remain at the top of your game .
In the past decade he kept one step ahead of the competition by first performing the ‘ Buffer 180 ’ , then , pushing the very boundaries of what is possible from a fight announcer he went one better with the ‘ Buffer 360 ’ at UFC 100 .
Now we have entered a new decade , and it was time for Buffer take sports entertainment to the next level .
He had came to the realization that it ’s not just what you do inside the cage that ’s important , but also what you do outside of it that counts .
Studying old footage from the Pride Fighting Championship days , it became apparent that the UFC ’s fighter entrances just were n’t generating the same level of energy and excitement .
Hell , even Strikeforce has a few flames shooting out as the fighters make their way to the cage .
Being the consummate professional that he is , Buffer did n’t ask what the UFC could do to improve the show , but rather what he could do to enhance the fans experience .
And so , during Wanderlei Silva ’s entrance to the sounds of 90’s dance anthem ‘ Darude – Sandstorm ’ , Buffer took it upon himself to unveil his latest creation .
Ladies and gentleman , I give to you – The Buffer Two - Step …
—
GIF by McSluggaCrackedMySkull
—
Note that within moments members of Wanderlei ’s camp were already trying to mimic Buffer ’s latest creation .
That ’s why he gets paid the big bucks folks .
Rumors suggest that Bruce in now back at the lab working on perfecting an enhanced version of The Moonwalk .
Update :
There was a proud moment tonight at https://mmainsight.com
HQ as we listened in to Bruce Buffer ’s radio show on the Sherdog Radio Network , and heard the man himself talking about the now infamous move that we had christened , ‘ The Buffer Two - Step ’ .
“ I understand the camera caught me doing a little two - step to Wanderlei ’s music as he was walking out … and then I caught a GIF of it on the internet , and they started calling it now , ‘ The Buffer Two - Step ’ , and I started cracking up ( laughing ) . ”
We ’re delighted to hear that he approves .
Of course full credit goes to McSluggaCrackedMySkull from the UG board who produced the GIF in the first place , ensuring that an epic moment in MMA can be witnessed by the masses !
Intel has expanded the beta versions of its online Windows 7 and Windows XP netbook - software storefronts to include Moblin 2.1 in the US and Canada .
It has also announced it will soon move across the pond to offer Windows and Moblin 2.1 apps to anyone whose currency is denominated with a £ or € .
On March 31 , the Intel AppUp Center Beta will become available in 27 European countries - although at launch only English will be supported , with other languages to be rolled out over time .
Intel 's Peter Biddle , headman of AppUp products and services , told The Reg that a multi-language roll - out is on the way .
" There 's a bunch of moving parts in this system - not the least of which being things like VAT .
We 're starting with English and the Euro , and then we 'll be rolling out localizations into local European languages over time . "
Developers must submit their netbook applications to the Intel Atom Developer Program for validation before those apps can be accepted into the AppUp Center storefronts .
However , Intel promises that the validation process will be less onerous than what many developers have experienced from , say , Apple 's App Store police .
" We heard very clear feedback from the software - development community that we needed to be transparent and not seemingly random or capricious , " Biddle said .
" That 's why we published our guidelines right off the bat .
That 's why we are being as transparent as we possibly can about what the requirements are going to be , as well as providing you with direct and accurate feedback about where you are in the queue , and the reasons - if you do fail validation - why , and remedial steps to fix it . "
The AppUp Center will be managed by Intel , but netbook vendors will be able to add their own custom front - ends to Intel 's " storefront " back - end .
" We call them ' storefronts ' , " Biddle told us , " because when you think about what it takes to run a store , things like back - end , validation , and catalog are all implied - and those are all things that we manage . "
No specific netbook - manufacturing partners were part of Thursday 's announcement , although Intel CEO Paul Otellini had said during the AppUp Center 's coming - out party at this year 's Consumer Electronics Show that Acer , Asus , Dell and Samsung had all committed " to build AppUp Center storefronts of their own . "
However , Biddle said : " We 're still working with those guys and super - excited about them .
And they 're awesome . "
Those still - to - be - announced netbook vendors will have a high degree of freedom in designing their front - ends .
" Right now you go to the Intel beta storefront .
In the future , we look to you being able to go to an Acer , Asus , Dell , HP , Samsung storefront - and other unannounced partner storefronts - and at that storefront you will see the offerings that that e-tailer wants to highlight , as well as the listings they want to make available .
They have control over the catalog , over what gets listed .
They also have control over ... a ' top five , ' for example , or ' store picks , ' or ' editor picks . ' "
Amid media blackout
Congressional hearing reveals US intelligence agencies shielded Flight 253 bomber
By Alex Lantier
3 February 2010
A January 27 hearing of the House Committee on Homeland Security established that US intelligence agencies stopped the State Department from revoking the US visa of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab .
The Nigerian student , whom US officials suspected of being affiliated with the Yemeni terrorist group Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , attempted to set off a bomb on Northwest Flight 253 into Detroit on Christmas Day .
Revocation of Abdulmutallab ’s visa would have prevented him from boarding the airplane .
The hearing was reported in a brief article posted January 27 on the web site of the Detroit News , headlined , “ Terror Suspect Kept Visa to Avoid Tipping Off Larger Investigation . ”
The revelation that US intelligence agencies made a deliberate decision to allow Abdulmutallab to board the commercial flight , without any special airport screening , has been buried in the media .
As of this writing , nearly a week after the hearing , the New York Times , Wall Street Journal , Washington Post and Los Angeles Times have published no articles on the subject .
Nor have the broadcast or cable media reported on it .
This is despite — or perhaps more accurately , because of — the fact that this information exposes the official government story of the near - disaster to be a lie .
President Obama , who has joined with top US intelligence , FBI and Homeland Security officials to insist that Abdulmutallab was inadvertently allowed to board the plane carrying explosives because of a failure to “ connect the dots , ” has from the start been deceiving the American people .
The official line strained credulity from the outset , given reports of multiple advance warnings that the Nigerian student was linked to terrorists in Yemen who were planning attacks on the US .
As was widely reported within hours of the failed bombing attempt , Abdulmutallab ’s father — a former Nigerian government minister and prominent banker — went to the US embassy in Abuja in November to warn that his son was involved with radical Islamists in Yemen and had broken off contact with his family .
The family said they had given US officials extensive information about their son in the expectation that they would “ find and return him home . ”
In his prepared statement to the House Committee on Homeland Security on January 27 , State Department Under - Secretary for Management Patrick Kennedy said : “ In the case of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , on the day following his father ’s November 19 visit to the Embassy , we sent a cable to the Washington intelligence and law enforcement community through proper channels ( the Visas Viper system ) that ‘ Information at post suggests [ Farouk ] may be involved in Yemeni - based extremists . ’”
Kennedy confirmed that all US intelligence agencies received warnings that Abdulmutallab was training with terrorists in Yemen .
He noted that the initial diplomatic cable from Abuja misspelled Abdulmutallab ’s name .
However , Kennedy continued , “ At the same time , the Consular Section entered Abdulmutallab into the Consular Lookout and Support System database known as CLASS …
The CLASS entry resulted in a lookout using the correct spelling that was shared automatically with the primary lookout system used by the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) and accessible to other agencies . ”
Under questioning by the committee chairman , Rep. Bennie Thompson , Kennedy explained why the State Department might not revoke the US visa of a suspected terrorist : “ We will revoke the visa of any individual who is a threat to the United States , but we do take one preliminary step .
We ask our law enforcement and intelligence community partners , ‘ Do you have eyes on this person and do you want us to let this person proceed under your surveillance so that you may potentially break a larger plot ? ’ ”
He added : “ And one of the members [ of the intelligence community ] — and we ’d be glad to give you that out of [ open session ] — in private — said , ‘ Please , do not revoke this visa .
We have eyes on this person .
We are following this person who has the visa for the purpose of trying to roll up an entire network , not just stop one person . ’ ”
Under questioning by Rep. Dan Lungren , Kennedy confirmed that Abdulmutallab ’s case was one in which US intelligence officials had interceded to block a visa revocation .
In prepared remarks at the same hearing , National Counterterrorism Center Director Michael Leiter stated : “ Within the intelligence community we had strategic intelligence that Al Qa’ida in the Arabian Peninsula [ AQAP — the terrorist group in Yemen with which Abdulmutallab was in contact ] had the intention of taking action against the United States prior to the failed attack on December 25th , but we did not direct more resources against AQAP , nor insist that watch - listing criteria be adjusted prior to the event . ”
He added that US intelligence analysts “ did not push [ Abdulmutallab ] onto the terrorist watch - list . ”
This inaction came despite the fact that US intelligence agencies were well aware of the threat posed by AQAP .
According to Leiter : “ The Intelligence Community highlighted the growing threat to US and Western interests in the region posed by AQAP , whose precursor elements attacked our embassy in [ the Yemeni capital ] Sana ’a [ in September 2008 ] .
Our analysis focused on AQAP ’s plans to strike US targets in Yemen , but it also noted — increasingly in the fall of 2009 — the possibility of targeting the United States . ”
Amazingly , the US government did not declare AQAP a terrorist group until January 19 , 2010 , even though it was referred to by that name in 2009 .
State Department spokesman Philip Crowley stated that declaring AQAP a terrorist group would “ prohibit provision of material support and arms to AQAP and also include immigration - related restrictions that will help stem the flow of finances to AQAP . ”
Thus , for nearly a month after the attempted bombing , US officials were not required to implement a range of measures against AQAP , including “ an asset freeze , travel ban , and arms embargo , ” according to Crowley .
At the January 27 hearing , Leiter said that there had been “ multiple ” points of failure in the US government ’s response to warnings of the impending attack .
However , all three government officials testifying — Kennedy , Leiter and Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) Deputy Secretary Jane Lute — said no disciplinary action would be taken .
DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano , who was invited to the hearing and was in Washington at the time , refused to attend .
She did not notify committee members beforehand .
Napolitano was widely criticized for claiming on December 27 that the “ system worked ” prior to , during and after the attempted bombing .
Official testimony now records that US intelligence agencies deliberately let Abdulmutallab board Flight 253 , putting the lives of hundreds of passengers at risk , in the course of an as yet undisclosed intelligence operation .
Whether US agencies were unaware of Abdulmutallab ’s plans , or consciously decided to allow an attack to proceed , remains unclear .
In this context , it should be noted that the reason for US inaction given at the hearing — that US intelligence did not want to alert Al Qaeda that it was watching Abdulmutallab — does not hold water .
As congressmen noted during the hearing , US Customs and Border Protection had prepared to interrogate Abdulmutallab upon arrival in Detroit , as he was on the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment database .
This would be counterproductive if US agencies were mounting a concerted effort to hide their interest in Abdulmutallab .
There are a number of possible explanations for the decision to allow Abdulmutallab to board Northwest Flight 253 .
One possibility is that it was bound up with efforts by elements within the US intelligence apparatus to politically destabilize the Obama administration .
To seriously investigate the possible motivations behind the government ’s actions , the question must be asked :
What would have been the consequences of a successful attack ?
Hysterical media coverage would have provided fodder for the most right - wing factions in the ruling class to demand war against Yemen or other Muslim countries .
At home , there would have been calls for a mass dragnet like that after the September 11 attacks , and immense political pressure for a new battery of police - state laws .
Even having failed , the attack was used as a pretext for expanding US military operations in Yemen , adding further security restrictions at airports , and expanding the “ no - fly ” passenger list and other databases by agencies unaccountable to the American people .
The testimony at the January 27 hearing also blows apart the line promulgated by the establishment media , which universally echoed the administration ’s hackneyed phrase to explain the Flight 253 incident — a “ failure to connect the dots ” on the part of US intelligence agencies .
This , of course , is the same phrase used in the official cover - up of the 9/11 attacks .
Thus , in a January 2 editorial entitled “ Why Did n’t They See It ? ” the New York Times wrote : “ No doubt sorting through heaps of information and determining what is urgent or even worthy of follow - up is daunting .
Still , it is incredible , and frightening , that the government cannot do at least as good a job at swiftly updating and correlating information as Google . ”
The Times itself , in a subsequent article published January 18 , reported the results of its own investigation , based on interviews with senior White House and intelligence officials .
The newspaper revealed more “ missed clues , ” including the fact that intelligence authorities learned in early November from a communications intercept of Al Qaeda followers in Yemen that a man named “ Umar Farouk ” had volunteered for a coming operation .
Despite such evidence of an official cover - up , the Times maintained the line that the near - disaster was the result of mistakes , omissions and an inability to “ connect the dots . ”
It is now possible to answer the New York Times editorial of January 2 : They did “ see it , ” and the Times ’ incredulous and cynical attempt to explain the Flight 253 attack as the result of mere incompetence was part of a campaign of disinformation .
This is a campaign in which , by its silence on the January 27 hearing , the Times continues to participate .
The Congressional hearing vindicates the analysis of the World Socialist Web Site , which exposed the highly dubious character of the official story , pointed to the possibility of US government involvement , and demanded that officials involved in handling Abdulmutallab ’s case be named and investigated .
In a December 31 column ( “ The Northwest Flight 253 intelligence failure : Negligence or conspiracy ? ” ) the World Socialist Web Site wrote : “ The general outlines of the Northwest bombing attempt and the 9/11 attacks are startlingly similar .
One might even say that what is involved is a modus operandi .
In both cases , those alleged to have carried out the actions had been the subject of US intelligence investigations and surveillance and had been allowed to enter the country and board flights under conditions that would normally have set off multiple security alarms .
“ Both then and now , the government and the media expect the public to accept that all that was involved was mistakes .
But why should anyone assume that the failure to act on the extensive intelligence leading to Abdulmutallab involved merely ‘ innocent ’ mistakes — and not something far more sinister ? ”
In the January 18 New York Times article cited above , the newspaper also noted that Obama personally met on December 22 with CIA , FBI , and DHS officials because Obama was “ worried about possible terrorist attacks over the Christmas holiday . ”
In another meeting the same day , the Times reported , Obama ’s homeland security advisor John Brennan held talks on Yemen , “ where a stream of disturbing intelligence had suggested that Qaeda operatives were preparing for some action , perhaps a strike on an American target on Christmas day . ”
Nevertheless , Obama gave a December 28 internet and radio address in which he falsely described Abdulmutallab as an “ isolated extremist . ”
He also declared : “ A full investigation has been launched into this attempted act of terrorism , and we will not rest until we find all who were involved and hold them accountable ...
We will continue to use every element of our national power to disrupt , to dismantle and defeat the violent extremists who threaten us . ”
Over a month after Obama made these claims , it is clear that US intelligence agencies were deeply involved and the White House is overseeing a massive cover-up .
The author also recommends :
More “ missed clues ” in the Northwest Flight 253 bomb plot
[ 19 January 2010 ]
Questions mount over attempt to bomb Detroit - bound jetliner
[ 4 January 2010 ]
The Northwest Flight 253 intelligence failure : Negligence or conspiracy ?
[ 31 December 2009 ]
Did you watch the presidential debate ?
All over America people are still buzzing about it , because it was definitely unlike any presidential debate that ...
1 hour ago
​ Two Illinois women claim they found marijuana roaches in the bottom of their Popeyes french fries bag , spurring a company investigation but leaving police with little means to figure out where they originated , reports Linda N. Weller at TheTelegraph.com .
“ I grabbed a couple , she grabbed a couple , and lo and behold , we see something at the bottom of the bag , ” said Stefanie Ward , 27 , of Alton , Illinois .
“ I did n’t know what it was .
I ’ve never been around it , never smoked it , and I ’ve never seen it .
I said , ‘ This is a burnt cigarette . ' ”
“ This is not a cigarette ; this is weed , ” her cousin , Jewelelle Washington replied .
“ This is very serious . ”
The incident occurred on March 5 , according to the women .
“ I ’m pregnant , and if I would have eaten it , it would have cut off oxygen to my baby , ” Washington said , with somewhat questionable medical expertise .
“ And my cousin could have lost her job .
It was just horrific .
It was not like finding a piece of hair in your food .
How do I know the person who smoked this did n’t have AIDS or hepatitis ?
We not only found one , but two ‘ roaches , ' ” she said .
“ Somebody really could have been hurt by this , ” she said , visions of dollar signs possibly dancing before her eyes .
​ Popeyes refunded their money and offered coupons ; the ladies declined the coupons .
A spokeswoman from Popeyes corporate offices in Atlanta said officials are investigating the incident .
“ We take this claim very seriously and are investigating the allegation with our franchisee , ” said Karlie Stanton , communications manager .
“ Clearly , a foreign object of this type , if it was in fact in the Popeyes product , had to have been introduced from an outside source . ”
Clearly , Karlie is being wasted in her current position and needs to work as a detective .
When a reporter called the Alton restaurant manager and asked about the incident , she said , “ No comment , ” and hung up the telephone .
​ Ward said she first called Popeyes , asking to talk to “ Sharon , ” the manager , but was put on hold for 15 minutes before she decided to drive to the restaurant to show the manager what she says was in the bag of fries .
Ward said the manager also said she did n’t know what the roaches were .
Ward said “ Sharon ” told her she would call her supervisor , but added , “ We do n’t let cigarettes in here , let alone weed . ”
The women filled out a complaint form and signed it , they said .
They then began making calls to Popeyes at various corporate levels .
One woman at first thought they were talking about insects when they complained about the “ roaches , ” they said , then offered them coupons .
“ This was a little more serious than coupons , ” Washington said she told the company representative .
The cousins then talked to two men at the corporate level , with one of the corporate guys trying to pin them down on a price for compensation , the women said .
“ In no way was I pushing for a price , ” Washington said .
At that time , the women said they did want monetary compensation , but have since reconsidered and now want no money from Popeyes .
They also said they do n’t have the means to get a lawyer and go to court against the large corporation .
“ Too many odds are against us , ” Ward said .
Still , she said she hopes some good can come of publicizing what she says happened .
Washington called an Alton police sergeant March 5 to report the roaches .
The sergeant told her that Ward needed to file the report because Ward had picked up the order .
The women went in person on March 10 to the police station to make an incident report .
The women said the officer did not want to see the roaches , and the women said they would dispose of them .
The sergeant turned the report over to the drug unit , but charges related to the incident are unlikely .
“ Because of the amount of time that passed after the incident when they reported this , there is no way to verify if the information is correct , ” Alton Police Chief David Hayes said .
With DEA offices throughout Canada , it ’s not surprising that U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency reps weaseled their way into meetings with Health Canada , the government agency responsible for overseeing Canada ’s national legal medicinal marijuana program .
America ’s DEA has “ expressed concern ” to Health Canada regarding 5,000 Canadians legally possessing marijuana to treat a variety of ailments , the majority of whom have also been given permission to grow cannabis .
Crazily , the DEA is “ worried ” these Canadians are illicitly supplying an underground market .
Whom , exactly , is being illicitly supplied is not known .
But these Canadians are supposedly doing so under the disguise of legal medical marijuana grows .
What have the DEA been smoking ?
It ’s not known when the DEA opinion was given .
Most likely it was some time before President Obama ’s infamous medicinal marijuana memo to the DEA .
Therefore the opinion provided by DEA to Canada could be out of date .
However , on May 27 , 2009 , Health Canada amended Marihuana Medical Access Regulations disclosing they were “ cooperating with domestic and international agencies . ”
Health Canada ’s revelation went unnoticed as it was done using a government sleight of hand — a trick they ’ve often used when amending their medicinal marijuana program .
It reveals that Canada ratted itself out to international hard line prohibitionists with intentions on making changes to their legal medicinal marijuana program based on their suggestions .
Canada could claim to the Canadian people and courts they had to make the changes to “ appease foreign demands . ”
Health Canada revealed , “ It is expected that the International Narcotics Control Board and United States law enforcement and regulatory counterparts will be supportive of the amendments because they serve to limit the amount of marihuana for medical purposes a designated person can produce at one time . ”
Health Canada has never consulted with doctors or 5000 patients who rely on the program .
They have n’t held seminars for doctors .
They have n’t sent a rep , like pharmaceutical companies do , to family doctors discussing benefits of prescribing medicinal marijuana .
No free samples were given out for patients to try , like with Big Pharma .
Yet , when a doctor prescribes outside what Health Canada believes to be a fair amount , five grams daily , a form letter is sent “ expressing concern ” to the doctor .
Doctors can prescribe up to 10 grams , but the agency has been told by prohibitionists that this “ too much . ”
Not for health reasons , mind you , but to uphold laws .
Health Canada has consulted with U.S law enforcement ( DEA ) , International Narcotics Control Board ( UN ) , Public Safety Canada ( responsible for controlling terrorism ) , Department of Justice ( prosecuting potheads ) , Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( prohibitionist soldiers ) , Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade ( reps to UN ) , Canadian Association of Chiefs of Police and even reps from the Ontario Fire Marshal .
A few weeks ago Canada ’s Conservative minority government received the response they wanted to help them fight the medical marijuana program without appearing to be bashing sick people : UN Watchdog Takes Aim At Canada ’s Medical Marijuana Program .
After being informed that 5,000 Canadians receive legal med pot , the United Nations ’ International Narcotics Control Board determined this was a violation of a 1961 narcotics treaty .
( Canada ’s parliament never ratified the treaty . )
Based on that UN finding , the Conservative government has responded that they will “ reassess ” Health Canada ’s med pot program .
– Article from Toke of the Town on Friday , March 5 , 2010 .
Making Digital Camera Microscope Adapters
Updates : December , 2018 .
This page describes the custom adapters and optical engineering assemblies I make to fit a variety of cameras , microscopes , and medical instruments .
I engineer and fabricate these adapters personally using my own CAD facility , optical engineering laboratory , machine shop , and electronics workbench .
For most of these simpler mechanical adapters , I charge $ 175 to $ 375 ( USD ) , depending on the complexity .
Adapters incorporating optical elements are more complex and typically cost $ 500 to $ 950 , including the optics .
Complete kits for medical and scientific instruments , with custom mechanical , optical , and electronic components , range from $ 800 to $ 6000 .
Old and new optical instruments are thereby fitted into the modern age of digital imaging .
I also research and develop new instrumentation designs for larger projects which involve much higher costs .
Besides the mechanical attachment , these adapters apply one of several optical principles to couple the camera to the microscope , including :
Afocal ( through the normal eyepiece to inexpensive small - format digital cameras )
Focal ( from a photoport to digital SLR ( DSLR ) camera bodies )
Focal ( from a photoport to small - format digital cameras via a relay lens )
Afocal ( through a custom photo - eyepiece for large - lensed digital cameras )
As an example , you can inspect a 3D solid model for a typical adapter [ Autodesk DWF file , 26 KB ] .
( This requires the free Autodesk DWF Viewer ) .
The viewer allows you to rotate ( " orbit " ) , pan and zoom the 3D model so you can see exactly what we are discussing .
You can also view the mechanical drawing [ PDF file , 30 KB ] .
Here is another 3D model that shows a typical adapter and eyepiece nesting [ Autodesk DWF file , 28 KB ] .
Rotate the model ( using the " orbit " tool in the viewer ) so you can see how the custom adapter closely fits the supplied microscope eyepiece .
And here is one more 3D model that shows the camera , adapter and eyepiece arrangement .
[ Autodesk DWF file , 58 KB ] .
The metalworking process may be illustrated by the first such adapter I made was some years back .
This was for a Sony DSC - S30 digital camera , mounting to a Bausch and Lomb microscope .
This creates a system for high - quality , wide - field photomicrography .
The lens of the Sony DSC - S30 camera provides a 37 mm inside diameter x 0.75 mm inside threads , and the microscope eyepiece provides a smooth 1.138 inch outer diameter cylinder .
Thus the adapter will consist of a turret with outside threads to mate to the camera lens , and an inside bore to slip snugly over the microscope eyepiece .
The first dimensional step is to turn down the cylinder , leaving a raised ridge of 37 mm diameter , ready to take on the outside threads .
I chose to thread a length of 5 mm , which was about twice the length of the inside threads on the camera turret .
Using the threading bit to turn the smooth diameter makes it easy to leave 60 degree bevels on all the stepped edges .
I was happy to find that the 0.75 mm metric thread pitch is available on the minilathe using the standard set of change gears ( see the Yahoo 7x10 minilathe group files area for tables of using change gears for metric threading ) .
The photos show the work progressing on an aluminum billet I made as a casting experiment , and the casting flaws show up as dark spots or flecks .
For later versions , I have been using aerospace grade aluminum stock .
Next I mounted the tailpiece onto the lathe with a drill chuck and 1/2 - inch drill bit , and bored a hole into the center of the piece .
With that 0.500 inch starter hole drilled , I was ready to start boring out the 1.138 inch inside diameter that would receive the microscope eyepiece .
For this I used carbide boring bar bits that reached the 1 " depth of the finished part .
( Making the boring bar tool holder is the subject of another of my project descriptions . )
After boring the hole a few thousandths oversize , I had a close fit of the adapter to the eyepiece .
I finished the part by cutting it from the cylinder using a parting tool .
I cut a length that maximized the fitted depth , but still let the camera lens come to rest on the eyepiece .
The photo shows the finished adapter .
Below is a view of the Sony DSC - S30 camera , with and without the adapter mounted .
This is an old Bausch and Lomb inspection microscope .
This US - manufactured item is n't made any more , but when new they sold for about $ 2000 .
The optics are superb , providing a wide , flat field at a variety of zoom magnifications from 7 x to 30 x .
Today , you can find them used on eBay for perhaps $ 500 or less , or you can buy a similar imported item for about that price new .
The turrets of the binocular eyepieces have the virtue of being smooth , even aluminum cylinders .
This allows a simple cylindrical adapter to nest on top of the eyepiece .
This is the camera mounted on the microscope eyepiece .
The adapter aligns and rigidly fixes the camera to the microscope .
The camera lens protrudes in such a way as to touch the eyepiece , so I should apply a bit of vinyl tape as a cushion , or perhaps machine a spacer ring to insert as a standoff .
I may add winged setscrews in the future to lock the camera on the eyepiece .
This shows the camera turned on , with the camera display imaging the the microscope 's magnified view of a coin .
The optical system of this camera is well - matched to the exit pupil of this microscope .
By adjusting the camera zoom one can either get a vignetted photo of the full field of the microscope , or a full - framed photo of the center region of the microscope view .
Both modes are desirable for various purposes .
The photo below shows the full - frame mode .
This is a portion , at full resolution , of a photo taken by the Sony camera in the above setup .
The object shown is a Lincoln penny , of which you are seeing part of Lincoln 's face .
I measured the features shown with calipers , giving a true height of the representation as 0.070 in .
The digital image is 526 pixels high .
Thus the system resolves about 7500 pixels / inch , which is 7.5 pixels / thousandth - inch , 130 microinches / pixel , or 3.4 microns / pixel .
If we assume your display renders 96 pixels / inch , then the effective magnification is about 78 x ( = 526 pixels / 96 pixels / in / 0.070 in ) .
The camera resolves 1472 x 1104 pixels ( not much by today 's standards ) , so the camera and microscope can photograph a physical area of about 0.2 by 0.15 true inches at this level of detail ; the full field to the eye view in the microscope is about a 0.25 inch diameter circle .
The microscope field zooms from about 1 inch at 7 x magnification , to 1/ 4 inch at 30 x .
This is an amazing quality of result given that this camera sells for under $ 200 , and the microscope sells used for about $ 500 .
Such a system would have cost many $ 1000s , and required costly film processing , not many years ago .
I do n't know the resolution limits of the microscope optics , but they 're probably better than what the Sony DSC - S30 camera is resolving in this setup .
If that is true , then a higher - resolution camera would resolve more detail .
I have a much better digital camera now , but it uses a large - aperture lens that is n't as well - matched to the microscope aperture , resulting in a severe vignette in the image .
As a general optical design principle , one would want a small camera lens for this kind of behind - the - eyepiece microscopy .
With camera lenses , bigger is usually better , since you can gather more light .
But digital cameras can ( and typically do ) have very small , but nevertheless high - quality , lens systems , because the CCD electronic imaging devices are so much smaller than film formats .
The light available is determined by the microscope optics , not the camera .
Many digital cameras today ( 2004 ) seem to be using imaging chips and lenses that are very close to the human eye in physical scale .
This is a wonderful thing for those wanting to adapt the cameras to microscopes , because no optical adapters ( such as a negative " relay lens " ) are needed , just mechanical arrangements .
The pupil of the human eye may be assume to be about 4 to 5 mm in diameter when viewing microscope images .
A good microscope will provide an exit pupil of similar diameter , and the camera lens should match this as well .
Not so wonderful for the would - be photomicrographer is the trend away from putting filter mount threads on the lens turrets , even on the more expensive consumer models ; later versions of my Sony DSC - S30 have a telescoping lens contraption that regrettably features no thread mount .
If you 're looking to buy a digital camera with hopes of photomicrography , look for one with a fixed , threaded turret , with the inside thread diameter significantly larger than the microscope eyepiece you hope to use .
Even if your camera has an extending / retracting lens turret , you may find an optional adapter tube ( see Nikon , Canon , and Olympus examples below ) that provides both room for the turret and filter threads for a further adapter .
As a last resort , one can fit a sleeve machined just larger than the turret , with one or more screws for clamping to the turret itself .
The original microscopy experiments above were done in 2002 .
In 2004 , I repeated them with the same microscope , but using a higher - resolution camera ( Sony DSC - F707 , 2560 x 1920 resolution = 5 megapixels ) and an Edmund Scientific Co. resolution test target ( gratings from 5 lines / mm to 200 lines / mm ) .
This apparatus proved a resolution of 160 lines / mm ( 4000 lines / inch ) , or equivalently to 8000 pixels / inch ( 3 microns / pixel ) .
The photograph shows a contrast enhancement of the 160 lines / mm grating .
This is about the same resolution achieved directly viewing into the microscope eyepiece with the naked eye , and is the essential resolution limit imposed by the inspection microscope .
Thus a higher - resolution camera does not necessarily translate into higher resolution photomicroscopy images , because the microscope itself introduces the resolution - limiting optical elements .
This is a proper approach to the task , where the camera should be chosen to capture an image of some specified area , consistent with the resolution limits and field size of the microscope .
The advantage of a better camera is chiefly the larger field size it can capture at the resolution limits .
To the left is a thumbnail of another Lincoln penny image taken with the higher - resolution camera at something less than the maximum magnification .
See the full 1600x1600 resolution image here [ 155 KB JPG file ] , which makes a 20X image on a typical 96 dpi monitor .
We can see a field of up to 0.9 inches diameter at this resolution ( 2000 pixels / inch ) , with the whole item imaged at once instead of just the nose .
Using combinations of the camera and microscope zoom lenses , the magnification can be increased by another factor of about four to 80X or so , but vignetting will start to reduce the size of the object area .
The Sony DSC - S85 camera with the Sony VAD - S70 adapter ( 45 mm to 52 mm lens adapter ) provides a 52 mm filter thread .
Here are some more digital camera microscope adapters I made for a customer .
These slide over a slightly smaller 1.135 " eyepiece on a Bausch and Lomb microscope .
The smaller item on the left provides an M41x0.5 thread for an Olympus C- 3020 digital camera .
The larger item on the right provides an M62x0.75 thread for an Olympus E - 10 or E - 20 digital camera .
I used commercial 6061 aluminum round stock for these .
The threads on the left look uneven because of an interference pattern ( moire effect ) on the digital photo .
Note the optical illusion which makes the bore look larger on the left adapter compared to the right ; they are in fact equal .
The photos below show the attachment of the M41x0.5 adapter ( above on left ) to an Olympus C-3020 digital camera , and to the microscope eyepiece .
This adapter I made for a customer with a Nikon Coolpix 5700 digital camera ( reviewed here and here ) and a Nikon Labophot microscope .
That Nikon camera is unusual because although it is a rather advanced model , the zoom depends on the lens turret extending various distances in and out of the camera body , like many snapshot cameras .
While the lens hood provides a threaded ring , because of the turret extension , you cannot mount a filter or adapter directly to those threads ; instead you must use a Nikon UR - E8 adapter ( shown in the photos ) , which is essentially a 34 mm long step - down tube from male M53.5 - 0.75 ( mates to lens hood ) to female M50x0.75 ( for further accessories ) .
This tube has an ID=51 mm and OD=55.75 mm , with a stop ridge of 47 mm ID at 5.5 mm inside of the female threads .
This is the black item in the photos .
The aluminum microscope adapter I made mated to the M50x0.75 thread on the UR - E8 adapter and received a 23 mm ( OD ) Nikon Labophot microscope eyepiece via a slip fit , overall length of 1 inch .
After taking these specimen photos , I enlarged the 23 mm bore to 29.2 mm to slip over the external diameter of the Labophot eyepiece .
Another unusual feature of this adapter is that it can be screwed inside the UR - E8 adapter , or reversibly outside , depending on the camera lens turret extension .
This allows the microscope eyepiece a 1.75 - inch vertex range relative to the camera , to accommodate various zoom settings while minimizing vignetting .
The photos to the left show the reversible mounting .
I made a similar large adapter , with Nylon thumbscrew , to adapt a Nikon D70 digital camera with a 70 - 300 mm zoom lens and 62 mm lens thread ( M62x0.75 ) , to a Celestron 4060 microscope eyepiece with a 1.100 " outside diameter .
This step - down ring adapter ( shown in the center of the photo ) I made for a customer who already had a Canon LA - DC52C step - up adapter ( left of photo ) for a Canon A60 , A70 , A75 , or A85 digital camera ( similar to the LA - DC52D for the A80 or A95 , or the LA - DC52B for the A30 and A40 ) , which provides an M52x0.75 thread , which was to be mounted to a C - mount ( 1 " - 32 thread ) adapter ( right of photo ) on the microscope .
This Canon adapter , like the Nikon one above , provides an offset tube , inside which the lens turret of the camera has room to extend and retract .
Both the inside and outside edges of the ring are threaded , although the photo resolution does n't resolve all the threads .
This adapter is different than the others in that instead of an unthreaded sliding fit to a cylindrical microscope eyepiece , the adapter provides a female thread to connect to C - mount threads on the microscope .
It is essentially a 1/ 4 " thick aluminum washer with threads on the inside and outside edges .
A similar approach would work for the Canon LA - DC58D conversion lens adapter , which provides a 58 mm filter thread for the Canon Powershot G6 camera .
Likewise for the LA - DC58 for the Powershot G1 and G2 , and the LA - DC58B for the Powershot G3 and G5 .
This adapter I made for a customer 's Olympus C-4000 camera , which provides a 43 mm filter thread mount .
The smooth inside bore slips closely over the eyepiece ( 1.162 " outside diameter ) of a Bausch and Lomb inspection microscope .
The height in the photo shows my standard 1 - inch overall length for these adapters .
I have also begun including a rubber O-ring with each of the slip - type adapters .
For example , for this adapter with a 1.162 " inside diameter , a standard inch- series # 213 Buna - N O-ring ( ID=15/16 " , OD=1 - 3/16 " , section = 1/8 " ) fits snugly into the inside diameter without distorting .
This provides a cushion against which one can rest the front of the lens turret to achieve a near - minimal vertex distance to the eyepiece optics .
To increase the vertex distance , one can insert more of the same O - rings in a stack .
This adapter also required an additional modification ( not shown in the photo above or visible in the assembly photo below ) to accommodate the turret lens of the camera projecting 0.050 " beyond the end of the Olympus CLA - 1 41 mm - 43 mm adapter / extension tube for this camera .
Since the step ending the 43 mm female threads inside the Olympus tube was 0.115 " deep , a total length of at least 0.165 " ( 0.2 " in practice ) had to be relieved inside the threaded end of the adapter , with an inside diameter of 1.575 " ( 40 mm ) to allow passage of the 1.45 " dia extending lens turret .
This photo shows the completed assembly , consisting of the Olympus C-4000 camera , Olympus CLA - 1 adapter , and custom microscope adapter .
Most camera filter threads have a tiny 0.75 mm spacing ( " pitch " ) .
This close - up photo shows a threaded section of the C -4000 adapter above .
Threads cut properly on a lathe wiil have a smooth finish and correct profile .
Good - quality threads attach easily to the camera lens , and ensure a secure attachment .
I usually design the threaded length to span about 1/4 " , which is about 8 to 10 fully threaded turns , like you see here .
Full engagement to the camera lens typically requires only 2 or 3 careful turns .
Should the initial threads of an adapter ever be damaged , such as by dropping it or accidentally cross - threading it into the lens , I can repair it on the lathe by simply facing off a bit of the threaded end , exposing new , undamaged threads at the adapter face .
This custom adapter connects the 37 mm filter thread on the customer 's camera to an American Optical ( AO ) inspection microscope 10X eyepiece having a 1.180 " outside diameter .
This adapter is a bit thin , but still strong enough for the mounting task .
In cases where the camera threads happen to be smaller in diameter than the outside of the eyepiece , the adapter uses a shoulder to step up the body diameter and maintain strength .
This photo shows how the eyepiece joins precisely to the adapter with a slip fit .
This provides an accurate axial alignment , which minimizes aberrations and distortions in the photo images .
By having the customer send the actual eyepiece , a very close fit is guaranteed on the first try .
These slip fits are designed to be close enough for a " telescoping " fit between the eyepiece and the adapter , allowing an adjustable range of vertex distance .
The adapter can be fixed on the eyepiece by assembling with a bit of tissue paper or other thin shim for a tight fit .
Or , a bit of white glue or cyanoacrylate ( CA ) glue ( " super glue " ) into the gap creates a semi- permanent attachment ; since CA glue does not bond strongly to the oxidized aluminum surfaces of the adapter and eyepiece , the bond is more of a wedge casting than a true glued bond , and the pieces can be later separated and the glue cleaned off if needed .
We can also add an optional 1/4 " - 20 threaded hole and Nylon thumbscrew to the adapter as a clamp .
This custom adapter mounts a Nikon 4500 digital camera with 28 mm threads to an Olympus SZ - CTV microscope adapter .
The Olympus adapter provides a cylindrical slip fit with a thumbscrew .
This custom adapter mounts a Nikon Coolpix 950 digital camera with 28 mm threads to a Leica microscope eyepiece with 1.126 " outside diameter .
This is an unusual adapter in that the eyepiece diameter exceeds the camera threads , requiring a stepped shoulder on the adapter .
This custom adapter mounts an Olympus C- 750 digital camera ( via the 55 mm Olympus CLA - 4 adapter tube ) to a cylindrical microscope eyepiece .
These custom adapters are threaded bushings , with C - mount ( 1 " - 32 ) threads on the outside , and 1/4 " - 20 ( UNC coarse ) threads on the inside .
Lengths are 10 mm and 14 mm .
The cost of a small item like this by weight roughly equates to gold .
Precision instrumentation is not cheap .
Here the same two adapters are reworked to 1/2 " - 20 ( UNF fine ) inside threads , with a third adapter of 16 mm length .
This custom adapter mounts a 37 mm camera thread ( M37x0.75 ) to a 1.310 " outside diameter cylindrical Bausch & Lomb inspection microscope eyepiece .
Note the use of a fitted O-ring as a cushion for the front of the camera lens , which minimizes the reflex distance and vignetting .
We provide the correct O - ring (s ) as needed with the adapter .
This custom adapter mounts a 30 mm camera thread ( M30x0.75 ) to a 1.152 " outside diameter cylindrical Bausch & Lomb inspection microscope eyepiece .
This mounts a Sony DCR - TRV11 or DCR - TVR27 video camera to the scope .
This custom adapter mounts a 37 mm camera thread ( M37x0.75 ) to a 1.221 " ( 31 mm ) outside diameter cylindrical Nikon CoolPix MDC lens ( a relay lens for a Leica MZ16 and other microscopes , also called an MDC - A or MDC - relay , presumably just an acronym for " microscope digital camera " [ adapter ] ) .
The close - fitting smooth inside bore of the adapter provides a telescoping mechanism which with the single nylon clamping screw ( 1/4 " - 20 x 1 inch ) provides an adjustable vertex distance between camera and microscope .
Male threads ( M28x0.75 - 3 mm ) at the end of the MDC lens are not used ; a fixed step - up ring ( 28 mm to 37 mm ) , a standard item from photographic suppliers , is an alternative for a fixed - vertex - distance adaptation .
The custom adapter ( on the right in the photo ) is a threaded - flanged bushing which adapts the 28 mm ( M28x0.75 ) female thread of the Nikon UR - E6 adapter ( on the left in the photo , for a Nikon Coolpix 5000 digital camera ) to a female C - mount thread ( 1 " - 32 ) for attachment to a microscope lens .
The flange allows one or two O - rings to be inserted to adjust the vertex distance .
This bushing weighed only 3.6 grams , and the inside and outside threads cleared each other by a thickness of less than 1 mm .
The finished item was priced at about 3 times the cost of gold by weight .
This custom adapter mounts a Canon EOS Digital Rebel 300D digital SLR with 18 - 55 EFS lens ( 58 mm camera thread , M58x0.75 ) to a 1.154 " ( 29.3 mm ) outside diamter microscope eyepiece , namely a Leica Mark X Gemolite Stereo Zoom with 15X W.F. eyepieces .
The three nylon screws ( 1/4 " - 20 x 1 - inch ) allow for vertex distance adjustment .
Topcon SL - 5D and SL - 6E Slit Lamp
This custom adapter retrofits Canon and Nikon digital SLRs to the camera port of an ophthalmological instrument , a Topcon slit lamp ( Topcon SL - 5D slit lamp and Topcon SL - 6E slit lamp ) .
The camera port in the original design accepted an obsolete Topcon 35 mm film camera back .
This photo shows the original bayonet ring mount for the original film camera .
This drawing shows the new adaptation for the Topcon SL - 5D and SL - 6E slit lamps , consisting of a custom adapter which replaces certain components in the original bayonet mount , and a stock T - mount adapter for the Canon or Nikon digital SLR .
The custom adapter provides a male T - mount thread ( M42x0.75 ) , on which a commercial adapter ( T - mount to EOS ) is then attached for the camera .
The design works with the original Topcon locking ring to secure the adapter into the instrument .
Adapting in two pieces via an intermediate T - mount thread has several benefits : it avoids having to machine the more difficult EOS bayonet lens fitting , it allows rotation of the camera on the instrument , it provides an adjustable vertex distance ; and it is compatible with many other T - mount items .
The T - mount - to - EOS ring can be purchased inexpensively off - the - shelf , as well as for a wide variety of other camera lens standards .
See the detailed mechanical drawing [ 2.7 MB PDF file ] for complete details and specifications .
A photo showing the upgraded camera coupler mounted in a Topcon SL - 5E slit lamp , ready to receive the digital camera .
The camera coupler locks into the Topcon instrument using the original locking ring and handle seen just below the camera bayonet mount .
A photo showing the Canon 400D ( Rebel XTi ) digital SLR being mounted on the Topcon SL - 5E slit lamp , using the adapter .
Close coupling of the new camera to the instrument maintains parfocality with the eyepiece view , while not interfering with the observer 's chin .
The digital camera can be quickly removed and a conventional lens attached for use in ordinary photography .
Besides the Canon 400D ( Rebel XTi ) , the Canon 300D ( Digital Rebel ) , 350D ( Digital Rebel XT ) , 1000D ( Digital Rebel XS ) , and 450D ( Digital Rebel XSi ) models are also suitable for this application .
Topcon SL - 7E and SL - 7F Slit Lamps
Shown at left is my digital camera upgrade for the Topcon SL - 7E and SL - 7 F slit lamps .
This kit consists of a mechanical bayonet adapter and an electronic interface cable .
The assembly is shown here with a Canon 40D digital camera and the original Topcon beamsplitter .
The adapter is compatible with all Canon digital SLR models .
The adapter and digital camera are shown here mounted on the beamsplitter for the Topcon SL - 7E slit lamp .
See the installation and operating instructions for more diagrams , photos and details .
Nikon FS - 2 , FS - 3 , and FS - 3V Slit Lamps
Nikon made a series of excellent photo slit lamps up until the early 2000s .
These were fitted with beamsplitters and camera attachments for Nikon film SLR bodies .
There was also a video camera beamsplitter which is shown in the photo at left .
This beamsplitter I adapted for digital SLRs by ( 1 ) fabricating a replacement lens cell to change the optical focal length of the adapter to an appropriate magnification for the digital SLR sensor , and ( 2 ) fabricating a clamp and fitting for the SLR camera mount .
This is the retrofitted beamsplitter , camera adapter , and digital SLR camera assembled to a Nikon FS - 2 slit lamp biomicroscope ( without the headrest ) .
Nikon also made a drop - down type of beamsplitter attachment for the FS - 2 / FS - 3/ FS - 3V slit lamps , as shown on the left , similar in principle to the Topcon SL - 7E and SL - 7 F slit lamps .
The Nikon beamsplitter provided a solenoid - operated mirror and electronic interface for film photography on the slit lamp .
The mirror flip provided 100 percent light to the eyepieces during the examination , while redirecting the same light to the camera during the moment of photographic exposure .
This avoids losing light in the 50/50 or 70/30 division in the usual prismatic or half - mirror beamsplitter .
I have seen these beamsplitters in four various configurations for different camera body types : ( 1 ) with a standard Nikon F bayonet , and hard - wired cables providing the standard Nikon remote shutter connector ( 10 - pin round ) and standard PC flash - sync connector ; ( 2 ) also with Nikon F bayonet but an 8 - pin Hirose RP6 receptacle connector ( no longer made ) for the shutter and flash sync signals ; ( 3 ) like the previous but with a 10 - pin Hirose RP6 connector ; and ( 4 ) with an unusual Nikon bayonet mount ( which is not the Nikon F mount ) for scientific instrumentation having pogo - pin connections , similar to what is used on the Topcon TRC - 50EX and TRC - 50DX retinal cameras ( for which Nikon apparently made the 35 mm film camera bodies ) .
The first beamsplitter configuration with its Nikon - F bayonet can accept a Nikon digital SLR without modification , if the digital SLR model is one of the mid-range or high - end models that provide the 10 - pin type of connector .
To use other Nikon digital SLR models providing different remote connectors requires splicing in the appropriate connector .
The bayonet on the second and third beamsplitter configuration also fits a Nikon digital SLR directly , but the electronics must be disassembled and modified to replace the obsolete Hirose connection with cables and signals to fit the DSLR shutter and flash sync interfaces .
The fourth beamsplitter configuration requires both mechanical and electronic adaptations such as shown on the left , where I replaced the instrumentation bayonet with a custom T - mount lens fitting , and I added an electronic interface and cabling for shutter remote and flash sync , such as for the Nikon D7000 shown .
The T - mount adaptation can also be applied to the Nikon F configuration to allow use with Canon and other non-Nikon digital SLRs via hot - shoe connector .
Here is the retrofitted beamsplitter and custom camera adapter assembled to a Nikon FS - 3V slit lamp biomicroscope ( without the headrest , illumination tower , and flash power supply ) , shown with a Nikon D7000 DSLR for digital photography .
Nikon used infinity - optics and stackable - dovetail - accessory principles as introduced by Zeiss .
This is a superb instrument with built - in flash for slit - lamp photography of the highest quality , originally in the film era but now in digital technology .
In my opinion the zoom optics and integrated flash make this the best photographic slit lamp ever made , rivalled only by the current Haag - Streit BX900 .
Too bad Nikon did not succeed in this business , and discontinued making slit lamps and retinal cameras in the early 2000s .
The $ 20 K price in those days was extremely costly for a clinical instrument , which explains why this could not have been a big seller and is rarely found now .
If you are fortunate to own one of these fine Nikon instruments with a film camera , please contact me to retrofit it to digital photography and preserve its value and enduring worth .
Topcon TRC - 50EX and TRC - 50X Retinal Cameras ( Upper Port Digital Camera Adapter )
This is an updated version of the upper - port adapter for the Topcon TRC - 50EX retinal camera .
For more photos and technical details , see the installation and operating instructions .
You can also read the original TRC - 50EX instruction manual [ 4 MB PDF file , 71 pages ] .
I also make a Topcon TRC - 50X digital adapter ( technical details and ordering ) ; you can also download the original TRC - 50X instruction manual [ 6 MB PDF file , 46 pages ] .
See a sample digital retinal photo [ 1.2 MB JPEG image ] taken on a Topcon TRC - 50X with a Canon T2i digital SLR camera using this adapter .
This adapter couples a Topcon TRC - 50EX retinal camera to a Canon 400D digital SLR .
It is complex , consisting of optical , mechanical , and electrical components .
See the installation and operating instructions for more diagrams , photos and details .
Five optical elements in two groups resize and relocate the instrument exit pupil at a suitable distance for a relay lens , which in turn refocuses the image at a size to match the camera 's digital sensor , which is 0.6 the size of the original 35 mm film intended for the instrument .
Mechanical components maintain a rigid positioning of the optics , as well as axial and rotational adjustments for focusing and alignment .
The electronic interface cable ( not shown ) operates the digital camera synchronously with the instrument triggers .
This photo shows the adapter mounted on a Canon 400D digital SLR camera .
Besides the 5 optical elements , the adapter consists of 4 custom and 2 stock mechanical assemblies .
Here 's the adapter and camera mounted on the Topcon TRC - 50EX .
We have used the upper port which the Topcon TRC - 50EX provides for mounting an accessory camera .
To take a photo , the operator pushes a button on the instrument joystick to trigger a synchronized series of events :
First , an instrument mirror flips to redirect the image from the viewfinder eyepiece to the upper camera .
Second , the instrument sends an electronic signal to the digital camera to open the its shutter .
Third , when the digital camera has opened its shutter , it returns an electronic signal to the instrument to fire the flash illumination .
Fourth , the instrument fires the flash .
Fifth , the camera shutter closes .
Finally , the instrument returns the mirror to the viewfinder path .
The custom cable which connects the digital SLR 's shutter release and flash sync to the Topcon instrument is not shown here .
Topcon TRC - 50EX Retinal Camera ( Rear Port Digital Camera Adapter )
A later design of mine shown here for the Topcon TRC - 50EX rear port is a bayonet adapter with gold " pogo pin " connection ( also called a " hot shoe " connection ) for electronic interface to the Topcon instrument .
The pins and housing for the electronic interface are a custom , precision design and assembly fitted to match the original dimensions .
One side provides the mechanical Canon bayonet attachment , and the other the Topcon bayonet .
See the mechanical drawing [ 572 KB PDF file , 1 page ] for details .
This adapter also fits the latest Topcon TRC - 50 DX retinal cameras , which use the same rear port interface , but an extension on the port is required , with a matching extension inserted in the viewfinder , to avoid interference between the digital camera body and the case on the TRC - 50DX ( which unfortunately projects out further than on the TRC - 50EX ) .
This adapter works with the full - frame Canon 5D Mark II digital SLR to replace the Topcon MT - 10 film camera which originally took photographs on the instrument .
The adapter provides an attachment at a parfocal distance so that the digital camera is mechanically and optically equal to the film camera being replaced .
Parfocality in this adapter is crucial , since the instrument 's original eyepiece viewfinder is retained .
The required distances leave only a few millimeters of space within which to machine both the bayonet mechanisms and the electronics assembly .
This photo shows the digital camera mounted on the instrument with the adapter .
The instrument joystick triggers the digital camera shutter via the Canon remote connector , and the Canon flash sync terminal in turn fires the Topcon instrument flash .
Photos are immediately reviewable on the camera as shown , or may be automatically transferred and displayed on an attached PC via tethering software .
To provide parfocality , mounting of the digital camera must be very close to the instrument .
The Canon 5D digital SLR body just barely clears any interference with the Topcon exterior .
Other brands and models of digital camera bodies will not fit here , because they have features such as a built - in flash which project too far forward and would not permit this close adaptation .
The camera is mounted upside down to avoid mechanical interference with the original viewfinder , and to yield an upright image from the Topcon instrumentation optics , which are inverted relative to an ordinary SLR camera lens ..
The adapter works with both the Canon 5D and the Canon 5D Mark II model camera bodies .
The digital camera readily detaches and is then usable for ordinary photography by attaching a conventional SLR lens , or to switch to a different instrument .
See also the installation instructions for this product .
Kowa fx -50R Retinal Camera ( Rear Port Digital Camera Adapter )
This adapter , seen on the lower port of a Kowa fx-50R retinal camera where a Polaroid camera used to attach , fits a Canon digital camera with a macro lens to the instrument .
The smaller original 35 mm film camera body is seen on the rear port , above which is the viewfinding eyepiece .
Kowa 's instrument design is quite suitable for digital conversion because the viewfinder is a fixed and separate part of the instrument , instead of being incorporated into the 35 mm film or Polaroid film camera backs .
The diagonal mirror on the digital adapter orients the camera to clear of the rest of the instrument , and unmirrors the image which was previously mirrored inside the instrument .
A single lens element in the adapter acts as a field lens to avoid vignetting in the macro imaging technique .
A custom electronic cable inserts between the original connectors to intercept the joystick pushbutton signal , remotely triggering the digital camera shutter instead of the instrument ; the cable also forwards the digital camera flash sync signal to the instrument to triggers the instrument flash .
The adapter provides two swivel adjustment mechanisms , one on each side of the diagonal , with setscrews and thumbscrews for adjustment and locking .
This permits the adapter to pivot to the operator 's right or left while still producing an upright digital image .
This left or right pivot moves the digital camera out of the photographer 's way , although it is not then so convenient for reviewing photos on the camera 's display .
Tethering the camera to a PC display is thus desirable with the pivoted orientations .
This adapter also fits the newer Kowa fx-500 ( Kowa fx-500S ) retinal cameras .
Technical details and more photos are available in the installation and use instructions .
Kowa RC - 2 Handheld Retinal Camera ( Rear Port Digital Camera Adapter )
This adapter converts an unusual retinal camera , which is portable and handheld , for digital photography .
The instrument provides a steady illumination lamp for examination of the patient 's retina as well as a xenon flash lamp for photography .
Light from these lamps exits the prism , just under the objective lens , where it enters the pupil of the subject eye at a steep angle to avoid a corneal reflection back towards the observer 's point of view .
The original compact camera body used 35 mm film in direct projection and was attached with a locking rail mechanism .
The film camera also provided a reflex viewfinder .
To adapt this instrument for digital photography , we first remove the film camera and replace it with a custom - machined threaded bushing that fits around the exit lens and is attached with screws in place of those that held the rails .
Then onto this thread we can attach a 3 - part adapter consisting of a 30 mm eyepiece barrel , eyepiece adapter , and stock conversion lens adapter tube .
A 30 mm wide - field eyepiece with 22 mm field number is chosen to afocalize the image for a Canon G10 ( or G11 or G12 ) digital camera , which provides the full field of view of the original instrument .
The eyepiece also provides a very long exit pupil that reaches into the very deep entrance pupil of the Canon lens on this type of camera .
White Nylon setscrews provide rotational calibration of the camera orientation , and axial alignment of the camera entrance pupil .
Viewfinding is now done digitally on the LCD screen of the camera .
We used the Canon G10 ( or G11 or G12 ) camera rather than a digital SLR because of the weight requirements of the handheld design , and the mechanical interference that parfocal mounting of an SLR would have imposed .
The adapter components are all aluminum or Delrin for minimal weight .
Part of the economy of the original design was to route the 300 volt xenon flash trigger through the film camera , which must now be isolated from the digital camera electronics .
A " safe sync " adapter connects the flash synchronization signal from the Canon camera to the high - voltage PC - sync connector on the instrument .
Haag - Streit BM 900 Slit Lamp Digital Camera Adapter
This device adapts a Canon digital SLR ( or other T - mount adaptable SLR body ) to the eyetube of a Haag - Streit BM 900 slit lamp , providing digital photography through this 50 - year - old classic instrument design .
The eyepieces of this instrument are of an older Huygenian design no longer used much for microscopy , requiring an unusual adapter geometry .
The barrel diameter and flange distance of this Haag - Streit model are also non-standard , requiring customization of the adapter tube .
A telescoping lens cell with thumbscrew lock allows for parfocal calibration to the instrument 's focal plane with inscribed crop of the full field of view , or the crop factor can be adjusted with consequent non-parfocal operation .
The adapter body is machined from black Delrin ; the narrow barrel is machined from aluminum with flat black paint inside .
Here is the Haag - Streit BM 900 adapter mounted on a Canon 40D digital SLR camera .
To take a photograph , the examiner replaces one of the eyepieces with the adapted camera .
Framing and focusing are available through the other binocular eyepiece , or through the viewfinder of the digital camera .
An optional foot switch provide hands - free shutter operation .
The design is based on the T - mount thread mount , which through an inexpensive bayonet component allows use with any make or model of digital SLR camera .
Topcon TRC - NW6 Non-Mydriatic Retinal Camera Digital Adapter
This adapter upgrades a Topcon non-mydriatic retinal camera to use a Canon digital SLR camera instead of the Polaroid or 35 mm film camera originally fitted .
The electrical interface uses an interpolation technique , whereby the internal circuitry is modified to intercept the joystick trigger signal and send it through the digital camera before processing by the instrument , thus synchronizing the otherwise incompatible timing .
This adapter requires much in the way of precise mechanical improvisation since the instrument uses two simultaneous connections for electrical versus mechanical connection , as opposed to earlier Topcon models which tended to incorporate them into one connection .
The optical design exploits the macro principle available on certain Canon lenses , which fills the digital frame with the instrument image while permitting parfocal calibration to the infrared imaging system of the non-mydriatic viewfinder .
More photos and technical details are found in the installation and operating instructions for the Topcon TRC - NW6 digital adapter here .
See a sample retinal image [ 2269 x 2269 pixels , JPEG 1.4MB ] taken with the Topcon TRC - NW6 using the adapter with a Canon 40D digital camera .
Topcon TRC - NW3 Non-Mydriatic Retinal Camera
This custom - modified attachment for the Topcon TRC - NW3 retinal camera upgrades the system for digital photography .
This Topcon model is older than the Topcon TRC - NW6 above , but performs very well and is an excellent base for a digitally upgraded system .
See the Topcon TRC - NW3 digital upgrade instruction manual for more technical details and photos .
You can also read the original Topcon TRC - NW3 instruction manual [ 6 MB PDF file , 31 pages ] .
Topcon TRC - 50VT Retinal Camera
This adapter kit converts a Topcon TRC - 50VT retinal camera ( also known as a fundus camera ) from the original film camera back to use a Canon EOS digital SLR camera .
The kit consists of :
A mechanical adapter to mount the Canon digital camera on the Topcon instrument in a precisely parfocal , axially centered position .
A modified breech ring that replaces the original Topcon ring , which avoids the mechanical interference of the flash " nose " of certain Canon SLR models with the instrument .
An neutral - density filter for the Topcon instrument , which reduces the instrument 's flash intensity to compensate for the Canon digital SLR 's improved light sensitivity .
A flash synchronization adapter cable , which triggers the Topcon instrument flash in synchronization with the Canon digital camera shutter .
This cable adapts the Canon digital camera flash trigger signal to the DB - 15 connector provided on the Topcon TRC - 50VT , which was originally intended for a Polaroid camera .
See the mechanical drawing [ 700 KB PDF file ] for a detailed view of the adapted camera mounting .
There are 3 options I build for the Topcon TRC - 50VT :
Direct projection to an APS - frame Canon or Nikon digital SLR , such as the Canon 50D , Direct projection to a full - frame Canon 5D or 5D Mark II on the rear port , and Relay lens to a APS - frame Canon or Nikon digital SLR on the upper port .
Option ( 1 ) imposes an 0.6X crop factor , so you lose some of the top and bottom of the image , both in viewing and in imaging .
Options ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) do n't crop , they show the full frame .
Options ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) mount the digital camera on the rear port , close to the instrument like the original film camera .
Option ( 3 ) mounts the digital camera above the top of the instrument on the upper port , similar to the optional Polaroid or TV attachments Topcon originally sold for the instrument .
Options ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) show an inverted preview , which you either get used to , or use my inverting Canon viewfinder magnifier , which adds 4 inches of length the rear of the camera .
These options also eliminate the Topcon viewfinder as a consequence of using the rear port .
The Canon viewfinder is a focusing - screen type with a beamsplitter for autofocus and exposure metering , which is necessarily smaller and less bright compared to the original Topcon viewfinder eyepiece with its near - 100 percent transmission .
You typically have to boost the steady illumination to compensate with difficult subject eyes compared to the Topcon film camera viewfinder , which adds another difficulty factor in itself to marginally viewable subjects .
Viewfinding for fluorescein angiography ( FA ) is thus hardly possible , since the views are so dim even in the Topcon viewfinder .
Option ( 3 ) retains the Topcon film camera for viewfinding , with the digital camera acting as an image recorder only .
This configuration performs with the same superb clinical convenience of the original design .
The chief disadvantage is the higher cost .
A secondary disadvantage is that it relies on the mirror - flip mechanism for the upper port , which has proven trouble - prone in the aging Topcon film - based instruments .
The complete adaptation requires not only mechanical and optical devices , but an electronic interface as well , since the old film cameras used a different signaling and synchronization method than today 's digital cameras .
At left is a photo of the joystick interpolation connector I designed for this pupose , consisting of a custom machined housing holding the appropriate connectors and containing an electronic chip and wiring ..
This device inserts between the plug and socket connecting the Topcon joystick to the Topcon controller , and provides a new cable to the digital camera shutter remote connector .
This allows the digital camera to shoot a picture whenever the joystick button is pressed .
The camera remote connector shown is for a Canon N3 type ; Canon E3 or Nikon 10 - pin connectors are also supported by the design .
Flash synchronization of the instrument to the digital camera is provided by a separate electronic interface using a similar arrangement .
For more details , see the installation instructions for the interpolation cable .
Other model Canon cameras such as the Digital Rebel series ( original , XT , XTi , XS , and XSi models , also known as the 300D , 350D , 400D , 1000D , and 450D respectively ) , and the 10D/20D/30D/40D/50D series , are compatible with options ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) .
This adapter converts the rear port of the Topcon TRC - 50VT retinal camera to the C - mount interface such as for attaching a video camera .
The front of the adapter is the bayonet used in the Topcon instrumentation ; the rear is a standard C - mount thread .
The length is chosen to make the C - mount attachment parfocal with the original film camera .
The assembly also provides a dovetail adjustment with setscrews to rotate the attached device into alignment with the Topcon instrument .
This is for specialized applications of the instrument , since the C - mount format will crop the 22 mm diameter instrument image circle to about 18 mm or less .
For further details on this instrument , see the original Topcon TRC - 50VT instruction manual [ 91 MB PDF file , 46 pages ] .
To disassemble the complete Topcon TRC - 50VT into smaller pieces for parcel shipping , see my instructions .
See also the diagnostic test set for the Topcon TRC - 50VT which I designed and built to diagnose problems with the interface between the Topcon instrument and the Canon digital cameras .
Canon CR6 - 45 NM
Non-Mydriatic Retinal Camera
Shown at left is my digital camera upgrade for the Canon CR6 - 45NM retinal camera .
I build this adapter starting with the original bayonet receptacle from the Polaroid camera which was used on this instrument .
To this I add ( 1 ) a mechanical adapter , ( 2 ) an electronic interface with cables to the digital camera shutter and flash sync , ( 3 ) a stock Canon lens , and ( 4 ) a neutral density filter to reduce the flash intensity for the digital exposure .
The assembly is shown here with a Canon Digital Rebel XTi SLR camera body and Canon 28 mm lens .
The adapter is compatible with all Canon digital SLR models .
The adapter and digital camera are shown here mounted on the Canon CR6 - 45NM retinal camera .
The process of taking a non-mydriatic retinal photo is identical to the 35 mm film or Polaroid photography originally employed on this unit .
See the installation and operating instructions for more diagrams , photos and details .
See the Canon CR - DA1 operation manual for details of a digital camera adapter Canon made for the Canon CR6 - 45NM .
Canon CR4 - 45 NM
Non-Mydriatic Retinal Camera
This is a digital camera upgrade for the Canon CR4 - 45NM retinal camera .
This Canon model is older than the Canon CR6 - 45NM above , but performs very well and is an excellent base for a digitally upgraded system .
See the installation and operating instructions for more diagrams , photos and details .
Canon CF - 60U and CF - 60 ZA Retinal Cameras
The Canon CF - 60U retinal camera originally used the Canon F - A 35 mm film camera body , which was a special model of the popular Canon F 35 mm film camera .
Upgrading this instrument to digital requires that the old " pogo pin " connector to the film camera be removed and replaced with a standard connector and electronic interface circuit which connects the instrument joystick and flash synchronization to the digital camera .
Shown here is the rear port area with this connector upgrade installed .
Installing this upgraded connector involves disassembling the upper unit , and then cutting and soldering the internal wiring .
This in turn requires either sending the upper unit to me , or using the services of an on - site electronics technician following my documented instructions .
After the electronic connector is installed , a full - frame Canon 5D Mark II digital SLR is mechanically adapted to the rear port bayonet fitting of the instrument .
A digital camera attached via an ordinary adapter ring is not parfocal with the original film camera operation , the focal plane of the digital camera being several mm further back than the film camera's .
Thus a modified bayonet attachment assembly ( not shown ) replaces the original on the back of the instrument , to allow parfocal attachment of the digital camera .
Not shown here is the electronic interface cable ( see next photo ) .
These are the individual components for the electronic interface to digitally upgrade the Canon CF - 60U retinal camera .
The bracket is a custom - machined piece to replace the original " pogo pin " assembly that connected the instrument to the old film camera .
The connector receptacle ( not shown , see above photos ) mounts in the large hole in the bracket , and connects to the mating plug on the cable . .
The cable connects the digital camera , splitting into two connectors , one for the Canon shutter remote and another for the Canon hot - shoe flash synchronization .
An electronic interface circuit contained inside the grey connector hood converts the logic and levels of the film camera signals to be compatible with the digital connections .
Olympus ENF Type P3 Endoscope to Canon SD750 Camera
About the application : A modern medical endoscope is an instrument to illuminate and examine deep within a narrow channel through a thin fiber optic imaging bundle .
Typically this image is presented to the examiner through an eyepiece with a very narrow field of view .
The examiner may view the image directly by looking into the eyepiece , or on an attached display , typically made to the eyepiece through a C - mount relay lens adapter to a video camera .
Attachment to current digital cameras is feasible but not supported by the medical endoscope manufacturers .
This project sought to attach a digital camera to an Olympus ENF
Type P3 endoscope to provide both a live digital video display and recording for teaching , and high - resolution still digital photography .
Why adapt an un-adaptable camera ?
Important to the endoscope user is the light weight of the instrument and attachments , which must be held and manipulated in one hand during an examination .
This suggests the use of the high - quality but ultra-compact digital cameras such as the Canon SD series ( Canon SD750 , Canon SD790 ) .
It is a frustratingly universal lack of compact digital cameras of all makes that they provide no means to attach lens accessories , and are therefore not mechanically adaptable to instrumentation , although they are quite suitable optically .
For this reason I developed a flanged - threaded adapter tube , shown in this photo , for securely attaching accessories to the Canon SD cameras .
This tube provides a 30 mm ( M30x0.75 ) internal thread for attaching accessories , while allowing for the free movement and extension of the camera lens turret .
The adapter tube for Canon SD cameras :
The adapter tube attaches permanently to the camera body as shown in the two views of this photo .
On the left is the original camera with the lens turret extended .
On the right is the camera as modified by the attachment of the adapter .
This requires disassembling and separating the front metal cover from the camera , gently removing the decorative bezel ( held on by contact adhesive ) from around the camera lens passage of the cover , drilling three precisely placed miniature holes around the lens passage in the cover , attaching the adapter to the cover with three miniature screws , and reassembling the camera .
This modification is thus not a user - installable item , requiring modification at the machine shop here , with careful technique to avoid damaging the fragile internal camera mechanisms .
The adapter piece is machined from aluminum to be very lightweight yet strong .
It will fit many of the SD models , namely all the Canon SD7xx series which use this case design .
The success of this adaptation depends on ( 1 ) the easy disassembly of the front cover , ( 2 ) the cover being made of sturdy metal and not plastic , and ( 3 ) there being some clearance behind the cover at the critical points where the newly added screw heads project back .
The design would work on other Canon compact models , or other brands of compact cameras , which have these cover characteristics .
Reversible , non-interfering design :
The notch in the flange of the adapter provides clearance to the built - in camera flash , which otherwise would be partly obscured .
Two additional holes in the flange provide passages through the adapter for features on the front of the camera , namely the focus - assist lamp and the microphone .
While the endoscope does not use these camera features , the adapter is designed to not interfere with the normal operation of the camera when off the endoscope .
The only difference from normal operation is that normally the lens turret retracts when the power is off , making the camera more compact , while on the modified camera the adapter is always projecting .
The modification may be reversed by disassembling the cover again and removing the miniature screws holding on the adapter .
Replacing the decorative bezel then hides the holes added to the front cover .
Optical compatibility : The Canon SD series cameras , and indeed just about all compact cameras , have a lens and iris smaller in scale than the human eye , which means that they will couple directly to just about any eyepiece or other instrument designed for eye viewing .
The modification to accept attachments thus converts the camera into something very versatile for instrumentation applications .
One could only wish that the original camera came with an attachment provision .
Advancing technology and economy have made these cameras cost less than this custom modification work .
Endoscope eyepiece optics :
A consideration with fiber endoscopes is the narrow presentation in the eyepiece view .
The apparent size of the circular field of view in an endoscope eyepiece is typically only 7 degrees , versus about 40 or 45 degrees in a typical wide - field microscope eyepiece .
Indeed , when first using an endoscope , the observer tends to feel as though the instrument is not properly designed , since the image is so small compared to what one is used to in other optical instruments such as a compound microscope .
But the narrow view and low magnification is in fact a sound design .
Since the fiber bundle represents only a few hundred pixels across , comparable to the resolution of the observer 's eye over a similar angle , magnifying the image further would not improve the visual resolution .
Since minimal lighting is desirable in endoscopy to minimize heating of tissues , and image brightness is increased by lower eyepiece magnification , the eyepiece design is chosen for the minimal magnification that will just allow an acute eye to resolve the individual fibers or a little better .
While this is all suitable for visual use , the attachment of a camera presents a challenge , lest the useful image crop to the narrow center of the camera field of view , leaving most of the field unused .
When attaching an afocal camera with a simple mechanical adapter , the camera must be capable of an almost telescopic zoom to enlarge a 7 degree subject enough to fill the camera field of view , equivalent to a 200 mm lens on a 35 mm film camera .
Otherwise the endoscope image will never be larger than a small circle in a larger black camera field .
A typical point - and - shoot camera might have an optical zoom range of 4:1 , with the lens being equivalent to a 28 mm to 112 mm zoom lens in a 35 mm film camera , corresponding to an angle of view from 45 degrees ( wide angle ) to 12 degrees ( telephoto ) in the vertical aspect .
Such a camera at maximum telephoto zoom will not fill the photograph 's vertical aspect with optical zoom only , requiring that a small extra digital zoom be applied .
Since the camera 's megapixels of resolution far out - resolve the kilopixels of effective endoscope fiber resolution , the slight application of digital zoom does not limit the resolution of the overall system .
At the same time , applying maximum telephoto zoom in the camera lens will retract the camera 's entrance pupil maximally away from the front vertex of the lens assembly , so the exit pupil of the endoscope eyepiece must still be able to reach the entrance pupil within the constraints imposed by the mechanical coupling .
But happily , all these optical and mechanical issues resolve into a good fit with the Canon SD series and Nikon L series of compact cameras .
Endoscope eyepieces tend to have an extra generous eye relief , by virtue of the fact that the fiber bundle , which is the aperture stop of the system , is very close to the eyepiece lens .
The exit pupil , being the image of this aperture stop as imaged by the eyepiece , can thus be 25 mm or more above the end of the eyepiece , so the reach into a compact telephoto lens is typically feasible .
Contrast this with a compound microscope which , although having a similar eyepiece , has an aperture stop imposed by the microscope objective which is 160 mm or more from the eyepiece , placing the exit pupil only about 16 mm above the end of the eyepiece , and not able to reach the entrance pupil of a zoomed camera lens .
The endoscope adapter : A second custom adapter piece attaches the modified Canon SD750 camera to the endoscope 's standard mushroom eyepiece , also known as the endoscope " B - cup " eyepiece .
A 30 mm thread attaches to the threads of the modified Canon SD750 , and a bushing with three Nylon thumbscrews attaches to the endoscope .
This piece is machined from polyacetal engineering polymer ( Delrin ) .
A larger thread size or a step - down ring would make this adapter compatible with other cameras with filter threads already on the lens , or that accept conversion lens adapter tubes with filter threads .
More complex ( but more convenient ) clamping systems are typically used on older stock adapters for these instruments , but these are not feasible to produce in a custom shop .
The assembly : This photo shows the arrangement of the Olympus endoscope to the modified Canon camera and custom adapter .
The endoscope provides a standard mushroom - shaped end ( " B - cup " ) to the eyepiece .
This shape allows for direct viewing by eye , or for the mechanical attachment of accessories .
Here we see the completed assembly .
The thumbscrews allow for rapid attachment , rotational alignment , and detachment of the adapted camera .
The attachment is firm and definite , yet the Nylon thumbscrew tips will not mar the hard eyepiece body .
Endoscope eyepieces typically provide a very narrow field of view , so setting about a 5X telephoto zoom on the Canon SD750 fills the camera field of view with the endoscopic view in an inscribed crop .
By using the camera zoom , we eliminate the need for any costly beam - expanding optics in the adapter .
The potential Moire effect due to the digital pixels sampling the discrete fibers of the image is nulled out by adjusting the rotation of the camera on the endoscope , and by the high resolution of the camera oversampling the fiber ends .
The nearly telecentric exit pupil of the endoscope eyepiece makes this type of adaptation possible with virtually any camera lens with sufficient zoom .
The fiber optics of the endoscope are limited to some hundreds of elements in each dimension , equivalent to about 1 megapixel of image sampling , so the digital camera 's many megapixels of resolution are more than adequate for a full rendition of the instrument 's capabilities .
This is the endoscope adapter updated for the more recent Canon SD1300 compact camera .
Canon changes camera models frequently , requiring frequent adjustments to the adapter designs .
This is the endoscope adapter updated for the more recent Canon ELPH 310HS compact camera , shown with a Storz 11101RP2 endoscope .
This Storz model provides a standard B - cup eyepiece like the Olympus P3 endoscope above .
This Canon camera provides a digital teleconverter and 8X optical zoom which allows coupling to the difficult field of view requirements and eye relief of the endoscope , without additional optics .
This adaptation requires I sell the new camera itself ( see ordering page ) , modified with the adapter installed , since the only feasible attachment method requires the delicate disassembly and modification of the original shell of the camera .
Digital SLR Camera Adapter for Zeiss OPMI instruments ( slit lamps and operating microscopes ) with Zeiss beamsplitter
The adapter shown in the photo adapts a digital SLR camera on the left to a Zeiss OPMI beamsplitter on the right , The Zeiss OPMI ( operating microscope ) system is an infinity - optics design ( sometimes called " parallel optics " , which is not quite proper ) which allows for the insertion of the beamsplitter shown into the stacked instrument components using a dovetail and dovetail - receptacle mechanism .
This same OPMI dovetail interface is used on Zeiss operating microscopes as well as Zeiss slit lamps , and the digital camera adapter is compatible with any Zeiss OPMI instrument accessory fitting ( see the drawing with details of this fitting ) .
The custom adapter allows the use of any digital SLR camera via a T - mount mechanical interface , for which a Pentax K10D digital SLR is shown here .
Here is the adapter and beamsplitter assembled with a Canon 40D digital SLR camera .
A screw - and - lockring feature on the adapter allows for parfocal calibration of the camera to the binocular eyepiece view of the Zeiss instrument .
Parfocal calibration permits shooting precisely focused digital pictures using the normal instrument view , instead of having to focus through the camera viewfinder .
Optically , this is an afocal - focal adapter design , which incorporates a multielement lens to focalize the infinity image at the proper position and scale for the digital camera sensor , taking into account the Zeiss instrument 's aperture stops and mechanical constraints .
The Zeiss attachment mechanism at the beamsplitter is an unusual threaded locking - tab type .
Photographic lighting using the normal slit illuminator is sufficient if the digital camera is set to a high ISO sensitivity .
Thus the full range of slit lamp diagnostic examination may be photographed .
Another convenient feature of this adaptation is that the built - in flash of the digital camera can be raised , and diffused and reflected with a white card , to take low - magnification , high - resolution photos of the entire eye .
The grub - screw feature of the T - mount adapter provides rotational alignment of the camera in any desired orientation .
The Zeiss OPMI beamsplitter provides two ports , one for each of the two stereoscopic binocular views , and the adapted camera may be mounted on either side .
Two digital cameras and adapters , one on each side of a single beamsplitter , would provide stereoscopic pair photography !
Here is the adapted camera and beamsplitter assembled with a Zeiss slit lamp .
The adapter and camera are lightweight and do not interfere with the smooth motion and stability of the microscopic examination .
Part of this economy is to omit a 90 - degree mirror from the adapter , which results in mirrored photographs , which are then unmirrored later in software .
A separate adapter cable ( not shown ) connects the digital camera remote shutter to the Zeiss slit lamp joystick button , allowing the examiner to use one hand to manipulate the instrument into position and focus , and shoot digital photos , while leaving the other hand free to assist the patient .
We 've also made footswitch shutter releases for practitioners favoring a " third hand " option .
See also a high - resolution ( 3872 x 2592 ) digital anterior photograph [ 513KB JPEG file ] as taken with this instrument and adapter .
The larger design at the left adds a precision diagonal mirror fitting via an " elbow " component to the Zeiss OPMI adapter .
Unlike the simpler straight - tube design above , this produces unmirrored images in the digital camera .
The T - mount exit fitting adapts easily to Canon , Nikon , or other digital SLR cameras .
A telescoping mechanism with thumbscrew lock provides both parfocal calibration to the instrument and various orientations to suit the desired clearance around the instrument .
Compare my design to an original Zeiss f=137 video camera adapter ( manufactured for Zeiss by Urban Engineering in the US ) from many years ago and no longer available , seen in this photo 1 and photo 2 .
The Zeiss item provided a manually adjustable iris to set the optical aperture from f / 8 to f/44 , which trades off the light available for exposure with the depth of field in focus .
In my DSLR adapter this aperture feature is available by assembling an optional , non-adjustable aperture - stop disk which I fabricate for any desired f / number next to the lens .
Here is the elbow adapter shown with a Zeiss beamsplitter as used with Zeiss SL - 120 and SL - 130 slit lamps .
These Zeiss models use a slightly modified dovetail instrument interface that is not quite compatible with the classic Zeiss OPMI instruments , but the beamsplitter still provides the same OPMI accessory interface on the exit attachment point .
The digital SLR shown here is a Canon 40D ; all Canon SLR models are compatible .
Here is the elbow adapter , Zeiss OPMI beamsplitter , and digital SLR shown on a Zeiss 125/16 slit lamp .
This is my adapter for a Global ( brand ) operating ( surgical or dental ) microscope , with attaches a LoupeCam miniature HD camera to the microscope beamsplitter .
Global surgical microscopes are similar in optical principle to the Zeiss OPMI instruments , but with slightly different ( and incompatible ) mechanical fittings , such that attachments and adapters for one will not work with the other .
The assembly is very small ; the diameter of the camera body shown is a little less than an inch in diameter .
This camera provides a USB connection for live HD video and high - resolution still photography .
See additional photos from the Global - LoupeCam adapter here .
This is another adapter for the Global operating microscope , which is a modification of an existing Global adapter which originally used a now - obsolete Panasonic GP - KS162HD " lipstick " camera .
I retrofitted the original Global adapter to provide a standard C - mount camera fitting , and shortened the length to match the focal plane to the C - mount optical requirements .
Thus the adapter can now work with any standard industrial / scientific camera rather than depending on one make - and - model like the original design .
This result is shown here with an Edmund Optics EO - 1312C HD color camera , which provides a USB 3.0 connection to a computer for high - resolution stills and HD live video .
The cost for this modification work is only a fifth of the price of a new adapter with similar capabilities .
See the detailed instructions for installing this adapter .
These Zeiss operating microscope digital camera attachments can be used on classic Leica instruments such as the Leica 690 operating microscopes via an Zeiss - Leica adapter .
See the drawing ( 1 - page PDF file ) .
This attachment provides live imaging of microscopic surgical fields with tunable color filtering .
This assembly combines my Zeiss OPMI adapter with custom fittings to a CRi Varispec LCTF ( liquid crystal tunable filter , model VIS - 07 - HC - 20 , which is the blue box ) , ending in another custom adapter to an Apogee high - sensitivity camera with D02 ( 2 " - 24 ) thread mount .
An alternate back end provides compatibility with C - mount cameras .
The camera adapter assembly consists ( 1 ) a custom fitting with f=125 mm f/5.2 objective lens for the Zeiss OPMI accessory port , ( 2 ) a Thorlabs CRM1 / M cage rotation mount with polarizer element , ( 3 ) a custom adapter from the previous components to the Varispec LCTF dovetail fitting , ( 4 ) a custom adapter from the LCTF dovetail to Apogee camera 2 " - 24 thread , providing a focusing adjustment .
A second version of ( 4 ) consists of a custom adapter from the LCTF dovetail to a C - mount camera , incorporating an second lens ( f=50 mm ) to reduce the combined effective focal length to f=75 mm f/3.1 for cropping to a smaller format .
A third version of ( 4 ) consists of an eyepiece adapter for direct visual observation .
The focal lengths and apertures of the optical system are chosen to yield a field of view in the cameras which covers approximately the same field of view as in the surgeon 's eyepieces .
See the CAD model exploded assembly diagram here [ 1 - page PDF file ] .
This is a similar assembly to the LCTF attachment above , but uses a Thorlabs FW103S / M motorized filter wheel for filter switching instead of a costly tunable filter .
The filter wheel ( large black round item ) is computer controlled by a stepper motor ( left ) for rapid switching ( 55 milliseconds / switch ) .
The front end ( right ) fits Zeiss OPMI surgical microscopes , including an f=125 mm objective lens and Thorlabs CRM1 / M cage rotation mount with polarizer element , and the back end ( top ) provides a diagonal mirror and Apogee camera 2 " - 24 thread mount .
See the CAD model exploded assembly diagram here [ 1 - page PDF file ] .
Another example of polarization microscopy work is my copying of a rare Leica polarization filter holder [ 2 - page PDF file ] .
This is a filter slider that slightly tilts the filter elements to avoid surface reflections .
The diagonal adapter can also be fitted to the Haag - Streit BQ900 slit lamp via the standard beamsplitter port .
The Haag - Streit coupling is similar to , but incompatible with , the Zeiss type .
This is the diagonal adapter on a Haag - Streit BQ900 slit lamp , shown assembled with a Canon 40D digital SLR .
This longer focal - length version of the adapter for the Haag - Streit BQ900 works with full - frame cameras , shown here with a Sony E- mount bayonet fitting and Sony A7S mirrorless camera .
This is readily configured for Canon or Nikon full - frame DSLRs .
This is the diagonal adapter fitted to the Topcon SL - 2D slit lamp via the Topcon beamsplitter .
This also fits the Topcon SL - 2E , SL - 5D , SL - 6E , and the Topcon OMS - 70 operating microscope .
Technical details and more photographs are here .
HD Video Camera Adapter for Zeiss OPMI binocular
Instead of using the Zeiss OPMI beamsplitter for camera mounting , it is also possible to adapt cameras directly to the eyetubes of the binocular in place of the eyepieces .
Later models of the Zeiss OPMI binocular provide eyetubes with magnetic clutches to hold the eyepieces in place , instead of the older sliding friction fit or screw - on attachment .
The adapter shown here couples an HD video camera to this magnetic eyetube mechanism .
I produced this adapter to work with small flash - memory HD video cameras such as the Canon HF20 , Canon HF200 ( shown in the photo ) , and Canon HF M300 .
Newer HD video camera models also work well as long as they provide a 37 mm filter thread ( or other standard size thread ) for attachment to the adapter .
The single camera shown here records ordinary HD video and high - resolution still photos , as well as providing a live 1080 p video feed to an HDTV .
See below for a 3D camera - pair version .
This is a close - up of the HD video camera adapter itself .
The threaded end fits the filter threads of the video camera ; the other end precisely fits the Zeiss magnetic eyetube socket .
Optics in the adapter afocalize the Zeiss instrument 's image with a field - of - view angle for an appropriate cropping to the HD video frame width .
More photos for this project are here .
This slighly different custom adapter fits the Zeiss OPMI Visu 200 binocular ( f125 ) instead of the f170 on the Zeiss Lumera binocular .
The receptacle shape of the eyetubes is identical , but the magnetic clutch mechanism differs .
On the eyetube you can see the tiny setscrew we have added to lock the camera adapter into the eyetube and to lock the rotation of the camera .
Another project involved generating live 3D video from a Zeiss OPMI Lumera operating microscope from the binocular eyetubes .
A pair of HDMI video signals from a pair of low - cost HD video cameras mounted on the two Zeiss OPMI eyetubes feeds into a video processor to produce live 3D HD video on a 3D HDTV .
For the 3D application , each of the two cameras must be rotationally aligned to the other , so I replaced the original Zeiss magnetic eyetube with a custom thumbscrew type eyetube to provide a locking rotational adjustment .
Another constraint for the 3D application is that the optical axes of the two Zeiss eyetubes will only separate to about 75 mm maximum distance , which puts the two cameras very close together .
While the compact HD cameras are small enough to fit inside this constraint , the HDMI output connectors are located on the right side of the cameras , blocking one of the connectors when the cameras are closely mounted side - by - side as shown .
The solution is to invert one of the cameras so that the HDMI connector on each camera is located to the outer side .
The 3D video processor provides the option to invert the images , so the inverted camera image can me returned to upright like its mate .
Inverting one camera also allows both built - in camera displays to fold out like wings as shown .
The 3D processor also provides an X and Y frame shift to cover the remaining degrees of freedom required to align the image pair for a properly calibrated 3D effect .
The device at left is my design of a laser collimator used to construct , test , and perfect Zeiss OPMI attachments .
In Zeiss operating microscopes , the two optical paths constituting the left and right pair of stereo views are precisely aligned in parallel .
An adapter to attach a single camera to one side or the other does not have to be too precisely centered , so ordinary machining and mechanical assembly will provide sufficient alignment .
But in applications where an attachment simultaneously uses both images , such as 3D viewing or photography , the optical axes of the attachment must be more precisely parallel than ordinary machining tolerances will provide .
If this precise parallelism is not maintained , the two images of the stereo pair will not be centered with respect to each other .
Uncentered images produce a binocular view which the eyes cannot visually converge , or a 3D photograph with displaced centers that can not be live - viewed .
The principle of the collimator is to produce ( 1 ) two laser beams ( 2 ) spaced on the OPMI standard spacing of 22 mm alongside the central axis , which beams are also ( 3 ) precisely parallel to each other , and ( 4 ) precisely normal to the mechanical face of the collimator .
Each beam thus has four degrees of freedom requiring precise control , consisting of a position and angle each for both left / right and up / down directions .
The position is automatically established by the sphere size ( conveniently , these are readily available as precision polyacetal bearing balls ) and by the precise machining of the clamping mechanism to hold the spheres .
The angles are precisely adjusted by manually pivoting the spheres within the clamp .
In practice the alignment is done by holding the collimator in a steady fixture , and projecting the laser spots across a room - sized distance to a vertical wall .
To locate the projection of the central axis , a precision mirror is attached to the face of the collimator , and a third laser beam is reflected from the wall to the collimator and back to the wall .
All these lasers can be inexpensive modules such as are used in laser pointers .
Once this projection of the central axis is located and marked , the target projections of the left and right paths are marked on either side at the standard 22 mm separation .
A one - time calibration is then performed as follows :
The spherical clamp is loosened , the spheres holding the lasers are nudged gently by hand until the beam spots fall upon the left and right targets respectively , and the clamp is tightened .
Precise parallelism to 1 minute of arc can be considered a high standard for optical instrumentation .
One minute of arc is about the limit of visual acuity of the human eye , making it more than sufficient for direct visual instruments .
One minute of arc also exceeds the resolution of 4 K high - definition photographs over a wide - angle 45 degree field view .
When projected to a target 30 feet away , 1 minute of arc corresponds to about 2 millimeters of separation .
Mechanically adjusting to this close degree is just barely feasible with the simple type of spherical mechanism and fixturing shown here .
The precision is constrained not only by the fineness and rigidity of the mechanics , but also by the laser optics , which in inexpensive focusable laser modules yields a beam waist of about 1 milliradian = 3.4 minutes of arc , which is a spot size that allows centering on the order of 1 minute of arc .
Much higher alignment precision , to about 1 second of arc , is feasible with the old techniques of optical tooling , using tools like alignment telescopes and jig transits , which were perfected in 1940s to 1960s before lasers , and still used for some work today .
Indeed , a laser can be considered to be an alignment telescope in reverse , projecting a laser point source along a line of sight , instead of viewing a line of sight against a reticle target .
The optical limitations are the same in either case , and the tiny laser pointer optics cannot perform as well as the much larger optical tooling .
In the Zeiss OPMI application , constrained by the parallel optical path spacing of 22 mm , the tiny laser modules fit directly within that spacing , which greatly simplifies the collimator mechanism .
Alignment telescopes are much larger , which would require a larger and more complex mechanism to precisely move a single telescope from one side or the other of the stereo pair .
Coincidentally , alignment telescopes , to achieve 1 second of arc precision across factory - sized distances , are fixtured on the front with a standard larger version of the spherical mount principle ( 3.5 inch diameter ) , with a thumbscrew mechanism on the rear providing extremely fine and rigid adjustment , without which the 1 - second precision would not be achievable .
The laser equivalent would involve something like a 10X beam expander , which turns a narrow laser source into a broad beam with much less divergence than the usual narrow beam .
This photo shows the front view of the Zeiss OPMI laser collimator with the beams energized .
The beams emerge from the spherical mounts and pass through the two large holes in the assembly .
The smaller holes near the edge accept 6 mm cage mount rods for attaching the collimator to the device under test .
The laser pointer modules are wired in parallel and powered by a 3 volt battery source .
Fixturing may be attached via a 1/4 - 20 tripod mount on the bottom , which also accepts optical breadboard posts such as is shown here .
This photograph exhibits the dodging technique for photographing laser beams .
It is actually two photos of the same scene , combined in Photoshop to create a double - exposure effect .
The first photo was with normal studio lighting and the camera tripod mounted .
The second photo was of the same scene , but a 30 - second time exposure in a darkened room with the lasers energized .
During the 30 seconds I swept a handheld white card along the beams .
This essentially integrates a spatial map of many point samples .
See more about this beam - dodging photography technique on my optical prototyping page .
This adapter fits C - mount cameras to the Zeiss OPMI instruments , shown here with a typical camera , the Panasonic GP - KH232 high - definition module .
This camera provides 1080 p HD video via a HDMI or RGB connection from a separate controller .
The rectangular body shown here is tiny , less than an inch - long cube .
The adapter is very compact due to its lack of a mirror diagonal , which mirroring is performed in the camera controller , a rare but valuable feature for instrumentation cameras .
Various focal lengths can be fitted into this adapter to provide various crop ratios for different camera sensor sizes .
This photo shows the 35 mm focal length version .
See detailed mechanical diagrams here for an updated design , as well as the installation instructions .
Here is the same adapter , showing its two components separated from the Panasonic GP - KH232 camera .
The middle component contains the focal lens cell with C - mount threads .
This cell also provides focus calibration and image centering adjustments .
The sleeve on the left fits the Zeiss OPMI accessory fitting and also provides rotational alignment of the camera , since C - mount threads stop at a random orientation and do not align rotationally .
The Panasonic GP - KH232 camera ( details ) is based on the Sony IMX036 HD video chip ( details ) .
Other C- mount instrumentation cameras using this chip include the Point Grey Flea 3 , a USB 3.0 interfaced camera ( details ) , and the Leopard Imaging LNC - Q10 H.264 Ethernet / wireless camera ( details ) .
The current version of this adapter fits the Panasonic GP - US932A HD Series C-mount cameras .
This shows the adapter and camera mounted on an Zeiss OPMI beamsplitter on a Zeiss 125/16 slit lamp .
The same accessory fittings and beamsplitter are used on Zeiss operating microscopes .
The adapter shown here ( 25 mm focal length ) nests entirely within the OPMI fitting , as does the camera 's turret , leaving only about an inch of the tiny camera projecting out from the beamsplitter .
The cable runs to a separate controller box which provides HD video signals for live display on a standard HDTV and / or digital recording .
See additional photos on the Zeiss OPMI to C - mount adapters .
See also the detailed assembly diagram [ PDF file ] .
Panasonic HD Video Camera Adapter for Zeiss OPMI and Möller instruments
This adapter connects a Panasonic HD video medical camera ( Panasonic model AG - MDC10 camera with AG - MDR15 recorder ) to Zeiss OPMI instruments .
More photos for this Zeiss project are here .
This same adapter principle can adapt the Panasonic professional video camera AG - HCK10G ( with AG - HMR10 recorder ) to various microscopic instruments for non-medical applications .
This is the same type adapter , except fitted for a Möller - Wedel surgical microscope beamsplitter , shown with the medical Panasonic AG - MDC10 HD video camera .
More photos for this Möller project are here .
Modifying the Microsoft Lifecam Cinema and Lifecam Studio for Instrumentation Applications
At left is an example of how I modify the the Microsoft Lifecam Cinema ( 720 p HD ) and Microsoft Lifecam Studio ( 1080 p HD ) cameras for scientific and medical instrumentation .
The Lifecams are USB cameras with amazing high - definition video performance , especially considering their street price of about $ 50 to $ 100 .
They also have the rare virtue among webcams of being housed in a cylindrical metal shell , so they can be easily fitted into the cylindrical geometry typical of optical instrumentation , in many cases with no modifications , using a relatively simple mechanical adapter .
Compare this to the format of the GoPro HD Hero portable cameras , which are larger and rectangular , and not readily modified , optically or mechanically .
The most valuable potential is that the Lifecam cameras , when disassembled for the " guts " , can be placed into custom housings with new lenses or no lenses at all , a technique which I have developed after amateur astronomer Gary Honis .
For example , the assembly shown in the photo uses a modified Lifecam with custom lens assembly to turn an ordinary handheld ophthalmoscope into a digital retinal camera .
The original Lifecam lens is of very high quality but nevertheless provides only a very wide - angle field of view not suited to most instrumentation purposes .
I remove this original lens and substitute a custom fitting for stock M12 lenses or C - mount lenses .
This converts the Lifecam into a configurable fixed - focal - length HD camera for fitting with infinity , macro , or microscopic optics .
The entrance pupil collimates to any visual eyepiece , even very short eye - relief eyepieces that would vignette with the usual digital camera lenses .
Removing the lens and substituting an appropriate custom mechanical fitting , such as a C - mount receptacle , yields a camera for direct projection with a format of 1/ 4 " ( Lifecam Cinema ) or 1/2.7 " ( Lifecam Studio ) .
The camera then becomes a direct HD replacement for older 1/ 4 " or 1/3 " SD ( standard - definition NTSC or PAL ) video cameras .
The Lifecams are thus seen to be a versatile and cost - effective basis for imaging , but they do have several limitations .
While they produce HD format video , they do not produce any standard video output signal such as HDMI .
Instead they are USB - only devices which must be tethered to a Windows computer with Microsoft 's proprietary driver to view or record the images .
The video / still viewing / recording application Microsoft provides is not very sophisticated , but the camera hardware drivers are properly implemented so that they work with standard video and studio applications such as National Instruments Labview , Adobe Premier , and the free and essential gem called virtualdub .
The power consumption of these cameras is such that they must be housed in metal fittings which act as a heat sink .
To dissipate heat they also cannot be located completely inside of closed assemblies without a provision for external cooling .
Normally with any CCD camera one must block infrared to avoid unintended lens aberrations and unnatural color in the image .
The original lens of the Lifecam contains an integral infrared blocking filter ( IR cut filter ) , so when replacing the lens one must typically provide an IR cut filter for visible light applications ; otherwise one has an near - infrared - sensitive camera .
Should IR response be desirable , then removing the original lens and filter may be appropriate .
This is again the Microsoft LifeCam Studio 1080 p HD camera , which I have modified by removing the stock exterior and replacing it with a custom metal sleeve , and replacing the stock wide - angle lens with a 50 mm f / 2 telephoto lens adjusted to a close focus , yielding a macro zoom effect .
This lens provides a 55 mm wide by 31 mm high ( 2.2 by 1.2 inches ) field of view at 500 mm ( 20 inches ) , comparable to a 400 mm lens on a 35 mm format camera .
The assembly is about 30 mm ( 1.2 inches ) diameter by 90 mm ( 3.5 inches ) long , weighing but a few ounces .
The intended application is an eyeglass - mounted HD video recorder for surgical or laboratory procedures .
In microscopic terms , the resolution is a remarkable 10 lp / mm at a working distance of 500 mm , many times better than unaided visual resolution , making the enlarged HD display of the scene photo - realistic .
Canon Viewfinder Magnifier - Inverter
This viewfinder magnifier ( see detailed description page ) for Canon digital SLR cameras is a custom telescopic component I make , which provides a 2X magnified and inverted enlargement of the standard viewfinder .
This is designed to compensate for the inverted view resulting from adaptation of certain instruments , such as the direct coupling to a Topcon TRC - 50VT retinal camera described above .
Topcon TRC-JE and TRC - FE Retinal Cameras
This custom adapter retrofits a Topcon retinal camera to use a Canon or Nikon digital SLR camera instead of the original Topcon 35 mm film camera .
Pictures and technical details are in the installation instructions for Canon cameras [ 826 KB PDF file ] and installation instructions for Nikon cameras [ 298 KB PDF file ] .
You can also order online .
A peculiarity of retinal camera optics is that the image produced by the instrument is upright , while a normal camera lens produces an inverted image .
A specially modified SLR film camera back was therefore part of the original retinal camera system
This special camera provided a non-inverting , periscopic , mirror - mirror type viewfinder .
Ordinary SLR cameras provide a mirror - pentaprism type viewfinder , which inverts the incoming image , the net result then being an upright view when an ordinary camera lens is attached .
Putting a digital SLR camera with conventional viewfinder on a retinal camera results in an inverted view in the viewfinder .
Some photographers simply accommodate this inversion , or optionally my inverting viewfinder magnifier can be attached to provide an upright view .
Topcon also configured variations of this instrument designated as TRC - FET , TRC - FET3 , and TRC - FE3 , depending on whether it was equipped to for fluorescein angiography in addition to color photography ( " F " ) , whether the camera mount tilted on a pitch axis ( " T " ) , or whether the instrument had a power supply capable of fast exposure repetition with high flash energy ( " 3 " ) .
All variations are suitable for digital upgrade .
This thin threaded bushing adapts a 2 " - 40 threaded instrument to a M58x0.75 lens thread .
Note the split ring design which prevents seizing of the small pitch inside threads on the large outside diameter instrument .
Note also the small dimples ( 1/16 " diameter x 1/16 " deep ) for a spanner wrench tool to insert and remove the adapter .
This is a custom adapter for a 1.162 " outside diameter Bausch & Lomb eyepiece to C- mount ( 1 " - 32 ) lens thread .
This is a custom adapter for a 1.25 " outside diameter telescope eyepiece to an M50x0.75 lens thread .
Opposing Nylon thumbscrews lock the eyepiece in position , while allowing vertex distance adjustment .
Selecting a Camera for Digital Photomicrography
I 've had inquiries about what " consumer " or " prosumer " digital cameras are good for adapting to photomicrography .
Some criteria of desirability are :
Accessory threads that permit flush mounting of an adapter : Sadly , current digital cameras such as the compact consumer types have almost all eliminated this feature in recent years .
Such threads used to be more commonly provided for the mounting of filters on the front of the camera lens , but this option has apparently become unimportant to casual point - and - shoot photographers .
Some cameras with turret type lenses have threads or a bayonet fitting on the camera body which accepts a special adapter tube which surrounds the turret and terminates in standard filter threads ; this is an acceptable compromise .
This tube is often called a " conversion lens adapter " ( CLA ) because it it meant to be used to attach a " conversion lens " , A " conversion lens " is essentially a short Galilean telescope which you attach in front of the normal camera lens to increase the magnification and thus convert the effective focal length of the built - in lens for a telephoto effect .
One can also make this Galilean telescope with less than 1X magnification , and thus decrease the effective focal length and obtain a wide - angle , fisheye effect .
Since the manufacturers typically use a standard filter thread size , these tubes are suitable for attaching filters and microscope adapters .
Sadly , current digital cameras such as the compact consumer types have almost all eliminated this feature in recent years .
Such threads used to be more commonly provided for the mounting of filters on the front of the camera lens , but this option has apparently become unimportant to casual point - and - shoot photographers .
Some cameras with turret type lenses have threads or a bayonet fitting on the camera body which accepts a special adapter tube which surrounds the turret and terminates in standard filter threads ; this is an acceptable compromise .
Optical dimensions close to the human eye :
This permits a direct optical path for through - the - eyepiece afocal coupling , and avoids vignetting .
See the section on Understanding and Avoiding Vignetting below .
Large lenses , such as are found on better snapshot cameras and SLRs , have a deeply entocentric entrance pupil which introduces unavoidable vignetting in an attempt at afocal photomicrography ; such camera lenses can only be adapted with a photo eyepiece , which is a more expensive adapter incorporating optical elements .
Inexpensive cameras today tend to have the appropriate lens pupil in a turret form , but lack accessory threads .
This permits a direct optical path for through - the - eyepiece afocal coupling , and avoids vignetting .
See the section on below .
Large lenses , such as are found on better snapshot cameras and SLRs , have a deeply entocentric entrance pupil which introduces unavoidable vignetting in an attempt at afocal photomicrography ; such camera lenses can only be adapted with a photo eyepiece , which is a more expensive adapter incorporating optical elements .
Inexpensive cameras today tend to have the appropriate lens pupil in a turret form , but lack accessory threads .
Manual modes for aperture , shutter , and focus : Afocal photomicrography typically requires that the aperture be manually fixed , since wider aperture sizes may introduce vignetting .
Manual shutter control is not strictly necessary , but it is convenient for adjusting the exposure of difficult microscopic scenes .
Focusing is best accomplished by the manual instrument adjustments , not by hunting with the camera 's autofocus algorithm .
Inexpensive digital cameras today typically provide such a manual mode , although this was not the case during the early years of digital photography .
What cameras sold today are suitable ?
Cameras at very low cost ( less than USD $ 200 ) have become available which meet all the above desirability criteria .
The Canon A630 is an example of an ideal camera for digital photomicrography .
It also provides a live video - out preview , so you can then attach a video monitor to your instrument .
Canon changes models very frequently , and in 2013 , the point - and - shoot models with suitable features are the following from the A - series , G- series , and S - series models :
Canon Point - and - Shoot Cameras Suitable for Eyepiece Photomicrography
Model list updated as of May , 2013
Most of the models listed are older and not currently sold new by Canon
( But used specimens are widely and cheaply available ) Canon Model
[ Note 1 ] Articulated
LCD screen LCD
Size Remote Capture
[ Note 2 ] Live Video
NTSC / PAL Canon
CLA tube Aftermarket
CLA tube(s )
[ Note 3 ] Canon A510 No 1.8 " Yes Yes LA - DC52 F Bower A52B510C
Sakar JA - A80 - 52 Canon A520 No 1.8 " Yes Yes LA - DC52 F Bower A52B510C
Sakar JA - A80 - 52 Canon A540 No 2.5 " No Yes LA - DC52 F Bower A52B510C
Sakar JA - A80 - 52 Canon A570 IS No 2.5 " No Yes LA - DC52G Sakar JA - A570 - 52 Canon A580 No 2.5 " No Yes LA - DC52G Sakar JA - A570 - 52 Canon A590 IS No 2.5 " No Yes LA - DC52G Sakar JA - A570 - 52 Canon A610 Yes 2.0 " No Yes LA - DC58 F Bower A52B610C
Sakar JA -640-52 Canon A620 Yes 2.0 " Yes Yes LA - DC58 F Bower A52B610C
Sakar JA -640-52 Canon A630 Yes 2.5 " No Yes LA - DC58 F Bower A52B610C
Sakar JA -640-52 Canon A640 Yes 2.5 " Yes Yes LA - DC58 F Bower A52B610C
Sakar JA -640-52 Canon A650 IS Yes 2.5 " No Yes LA - DC58J Canon A700 No 2.5 " No Yes LA - DC58G Canon A710 IS No 2.5 " No Yes LA - DC58G Canon A720 IS No 2.5 " No Yes LA - DC58G Canon G3 Yes 1.8 " LA - DC58B Canon G5 Yes 1.8 " LA - DC58B Canon G6 Yes 2.5 " LA - DC58D Canon G7 No 2.5 " Yes Yes LA - DC58H Sakar JA - G7 - 58 Canon G9 No 2.5 " Yes Yes LA - DC58H Sakar JA - G7 - 58 Canon G10 No 3.0 " Yes Yes LA - DC58K Sakar LA - G10 Canon G11 Yes 2.8 " No [ Note 6 ] Yes LA - DC58K Sakar LA - G10 Canon G12 Yes 2.8 " No [ Note 6 ]
Yes , also 720
p
HDMI playback LA - DC58K Sakar LA - G10 Canon S2 [ Note 4 ] Yes 1.8 " Yes Yes LA - DC58E Canon S3 [ Note 4 ] Yes 2.0 " Yes Yes LA - DC58E Canon S5 [ Note 4 ] Yes 2.5 " Yes Yes LA - DC58E Canon S90 No 3.0 " No Yes None Lensmate 37 mm adapter Canon S95 No 3.0 " No Yes , also 720 p HDMI None Lensmate 37 mm adapter Canon SX1 [ Note 5 ] Yes 2.8 " No No
( records HD ) None Lensmate 58 mm adapter Canon SX10 [ Note 5 ] Yes 2.5 " No No
( records SD ) None Lensmate 58 mm adapter Canon SX20 [ Note 5 ] Yes 2.5 " No No
( records HD ) None Lensmate 58 mm adapter Canon SX30 [ Note 5 ] Yes 2.7 " No No
( records 720 p HD ) None Lensmate 58 mm adapter Canon SX40 [ Note 5 ] Yes 2.7 " No SD only
( records 1080 p HD ) None Lensmate 58 mm adapter Canon models A460 , A470 , A530 , A550 , and A560 are not suitable ( lens- adapter bayonet omitted ) .
Likewise all SD and most SX models ( except as listed above ) .
Sorry !
However , see my custom adaptation of the SD750 and SD790 above .
After 2009 , no Canon point - and - shoot camera provided an accessory fitting except the Canon G11/ G12 !
Older Canon models A80 and A95 are suitable via the LA - DC52F CLA tube .
Note 1 : Do n't be confused by the " IS " designation appended to some Canon model numbers .
This is just a redundant emphasis for the image stabilization feature and does not distinguish a model variation .
For example , you may see the Canon A650 camera referred to as model A650 IS , A650 - IS , A650IS , or just A650 ; these are all the same camera .
Note 2 : Remote capture requires a software application for the PC .
Canon includes a basic remote capture application with the camera .
Breeze Systems publishes PSRemote for $ 49 ( USD ) .
Note 3 : Every aftermarket CLA tube I 've seen is made of sturdy metal , fits well , and costs less than Canon 's all - plastic originals .
Brands like Bower , Sakar , and Kenko are all well - made , precisely fitted , and generally quite suitable .
Note 4 : Canon models S2 , S3 , and S5 have a deep entrance pupil which will couple only to high - eyepoint eyepieces ( eyepieces with eye relief of 18 mm or more ) .
Shorter eye relief eyepieces will exhibit vignetting .
Note 5 : Canon SX models do not provide filter threads or a CLA bayonet , but they do provide a hood bayonet at the end of the lens which can accept an aftermarket adapter ( linked in the table above ) .
Canon does not offer anything but a plastic glare hood for this bayonet fitting .
Note 6 : Canon apparently dropped remote - capture support in the G11 and G12 models , after providing it in the G - series up to and including the model G10 .
See the PSRemote features list .
The articulated LCD screen is a useful feature if the camera must be mounted at an angle that does not permit convenient viewing towards the rear of the camera body .
Remote capture which allows you to operate the camera tethered to a PC , which can be an important feature for applications like laboratory data capture .
A video - out feature allows you to display the live ( although low - resolution ) microscopic image on a video monitor or PC , such as for group instruction .
You may also wish to study the eyepiece adapter instruction sheet provided with my eyepiece adapters for the Canon A - series cameras .
For laboratory use , it is often necessary to have direct PC control of the camera , and / or image transfer , via protocols over USB connections like PTP ( Picture Transfer Protocol ) .
This allows periodic or time - based taking of photos , or synchronization with other laboratory apparatus or sensors .
See Figuiéres excellent page on Digital Camera Support for UNIX , Linux and BSD .
Understanding and Avoiding Vignetting
The " exit pupil " produced by the microscope eyepiece is t
前編では 、Web上のサービスやオンラインショップなどの登録メールアカウントとしてYahoo!メールやGmailのエイリアスを紹介した。後編では、まさに使い捨てられるメールアカウントをもらえるサービス「myTrashMail.com」を使ってみよう。
個人情報登録必要なし──の無料メールサービス
「どうせこのメールアカウントは登録に使うだけだから、どこか無料のWebメールを登録しよう……」。そう思ったことのある人には、myTrashMail.comはもってこいだろう。
なんといってもメールアカウントの取得にユーザー登録が必要ない。それどころか事前にメールアカウントを作る必要さえない。
使い方は簡単だ 。
「 好きなアカウント名@myTrashMail.com 」を使う そのアカウントに送られたメールを読みたかったら、myTrashMail.comにアクセスして
「 好きなアカウント名」でログインすると メールが確認できる
たったこれだけだ。つまり、使い捨てEメールを使いたいなと思ったら「適当な名前@myTrashMail.com」を入力しておけばいい。
メールを見るにはパスワードも必要ない。HTMLメールも受け取れるし、添付ファイルが付いていてもOK。メールを受け取るのに不自由はないだろう。
受信したメール一覧
HTMLメールや添付ファイル付きメールも確認OK
注意したいのは、メールアドレスさえ分かれば誰でもこのアカウントのメールを見られるということだ。プライベートなメールのやりとりに使うサービスではなく、あくまで一時的なメールの受信場所として使うべきものだ。とはいえ受信したメールの保管日数は、2〜5日間または30日間から選べるし、見たメールを削除することもできる。できるだけ長いアカウント名を使うなど、工夫しよう。
http://www.mytrashmail.com/myTrashMail_inbox.aspx?email=好きなアカウント名 ※このURLに直接アクセスしても、「好きなアカウント名@myTrashMail.com」を確認できる。あくまで簡易的に、複数人でメールを共有するのにも使える
メールアドレスを登録すると転送、返信も可能
このmyTrashMail、実はメールアドレスを登録すると、さらにさまざまなサービスが利用できるようになる。画面右側の「Register」から、任意のユーザーIDと自分のメールアドレス、任意のパスワードを登録すればいい（ちなみにこの登録メールアドレスにはmyTrashMailのアドレスは利用できない！）。
すると、受け取ったメールの「 返信 」 「転送 」や、「自動転送」、そして受信メールのRSSによる取得が可能になる。とはいえ、これは少々オーバースペック。ユーザー登録までするのならGmailなどほかのWebメールサービスのほうが使い勝手はいいだろう。
ともあれ 、 「ここにメールアドレスを入力したら、たぶんスパムがくるなぁ」と思ったら、「適当な名前@myTrashMail.com」を入力すればいいということを覚えておこう。
Copyright © ITmedia , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
