MEXICO CITY , July 24 ( UPI ) --
Mexico 's organized crime offensive against law enforcement agents and government officials reached a new high Friday after armed gangs killed 26 people , including police and other officials .
Army and police units were on alert and on frequent patrols in cities hit by the latest carnage , most of it linked to organized crime retaliation against police attempts to curb drug - trafficking and other crimes , official media reported .
Advertisement
Many of the killings have been blamed on La Familia drug cartel , one of the most violent organized crime networks in Mexico .
The Public Security Secretariat , quoted by the media , said organized crime assailants killed four police agents and six other individuals in a restaurant , and three other people were wounded in another attack .
In Juarez City , in the northern state of Chihuahua , scene of hundreds of killings of innocent civilians in recent years , an armed gang attacked five members of a family Thursday afternoon , killing four of them and leaving one seriously injured , officials said .
In the border municipality of Ojinaga , also in Chihuahua , Federal Public Ministry agent Patricia Gardea was shot dead while on the way to work in the local office of the attorney general .
Other killings took place in Nuevo Casas Grandes and Parral , both in the Chihuahua state , and in the states of Veracruz , Baja California and Nuevo Leon .
Another armed gang attacked a police garrison in Playas del Rosarito municipality , Baja California .
The drug - related violence has claimed more than 7,700 lives since last year , according to government figures , despite the deployment of 36,000 troops and federal police in the affected cities and towns .
La Familia gangs have been responsible for defiant acts of violence in President Felipe Calderon 's state of Michoacan .
Earlier in July , in a single execution - style attack , La Familia tortured and killed 12 federal agents and then dumped their bodies by a roadside .
The killing of an anti-crime activist , Benjamin LeBaron , and his neighbor Luis Widmar on July 9 caused widespread outrage in Mexico .
The lower House of Congress observed a minute of silence in tribute .
LeBaron , 32 , and Widmar , 29 , were abducted by an armed gang and then shot on a nearby road .
The killings were in apparent retaliation for police arrests following the kidnapping of LeBaron 's 13 - year - old brother Eric , who was released before the killings .
LeBaron , a member of a small Mormon community of dual Mexican - U.S. nationals in northern Chihuahua state , was an active campaigner against drug - related crime .
A banner left by the killers said LeBaron 's death was in retaliation for the arrests of 25 suspects by the army and police following Eric LeBaron 's abduction .
WASHINGTON -- While Judge Sonia Sotomayor stands in the liberal mainstream on many issues , her record suggests that the Supreme Court nominee could sometimes rule with the top court 's conservatives on questions of criminal justice .
The Supreme Court 's five conservatives in January held that it was acceptable for prosecutors to use evidence seized by police who mistakenly thought they had a warrant to arrest a suspect .
Justice ...
The JVM ( at least hotspot ) does have a similar concept to the " GIL " , it 's just much finer in its lock granularity , most of this comes from the GC 's in hotspot which are more advanced .
In CPython it 's one big lock ( probably not that true , but good enough for arguments sake ) , in the JVM it 's more spread about with different concepts depending on where it is used .
Take a look at , for example , vm / runtime / safepoint.hpp in the hotspot code , which is effectively a barrier .
Once at a safepoint the entire VM has stopped with regard to java code , much like the python VM stops at the GIL .
In the Java world such VM pausing events are known as " stop - the - world " , at these points only native code that is bound to certain criteria is free running , the rest of the VM has been stopped .
Also the lack of a coarse lock in java makes JNI much more difficult to write , as the JVM makes less guarantees about its environment for FFI calls , one of the things that cpython makes fairly easy ( although not as easy as using ctypes ) .
Explanation
It takes a large amount of energy to compress the air in the cylinder .
This energy is transferred to the air , the only way a gas can hold this energy is as heat , so the gas heats up .
The gas inside the cylinder is compressed to about 1/20th of its original size and theoretically could be heating up to about 400 °C although it is probably a little less than this .
This high temperature and the fact that the oxygen in the air is at a much higher pressure means that the cotton wool can start reacting with the oxygen in the air , and burn .
The cotton wool has a large surface area so burns incredibly quickly and is ash by the time the piston is back to the beginning .
What has this got to do with Rudolf Diesel ?
Rudolf Diesel invented ( possibly unsurprisingly ) the Diesel engine .
This works similarly to a petrol engine , it mixes air and fuel in a cylinder , ignites it and uses the resulting explosion to move a vehicle along .
A diesel engine uses the same principle as the fire piston to ignite the fuel .
Air is sucked into the cylinder as the piston moves down
The air is compressed , so it gets hotter .
The compressed air gets very hot and fuel is injected , which ignites .
The explosion drives the piston back down , producing power .
The exhaust gases are then pushed out of a valve .
Why does the gas get hotter when you compress it ?
Gases are made up of molecules ; these are small groups of atoms .
In a gas they are flying around at high speed , colliding with each other and the walls .
Normally , when they collide with a surface , on average , they will leave it with the same energy as they hit it .
But what happens when that wall is moving ?
If the wall is moving towards the gas molecule ( like when the piston is compressing the gas ) , it will tend to bounce off faster than it approached the piston .
This is the same reason that a tennis ball will bounce off a racket faster when the racket is swung towards it .
The moving piston means that the air molecules bounce off faster , and therefore have more energy , so the gas heats up .
Similarly , if the piston is moving away from the gas molecules , it will bounce off more slowly and lose energy .
So a gas cools when it expands .
This is why an aerosol can gets cold when you spray it ( the gas is expanding against the air and getting colder ) and is the same principle that most fridges use to keep food cold .
They compress a gas at the back of the fridge and it increases in temperature .
It then loses heat in the thin pipes at the back of the fridge .
The gas is then allowed to expands inside the body of the fridge , cooling it down .
Monkey - Business - Images / Shutterstock
It really is genetic
When scientists first discovered it in certain chubby mice , they called it simply the fatso gene .
Years later , when they scoured the human genome for markers that increased vulnerability to type 2 diabetes , the fatso gene ( now more politely called FTO ) showed up there too .
Turns out , people with two copies of the gene were 40 percent more likely to have diabetes and 60 percent more likely to be obese than those without it .
Those with only one copy of the gene weighed more too .
Here are 10 science - backed reasons for how exercising regularly can help diabetes .
Scientists now suspect that there are lots of fat genes .
“ There could be as many as 100 of them , ” says Claude Bouchard , PhD , executive director of the Pennington Biomedical Research Center at Louisiana State University System , “ each adding a couple of pounds here and a pound or two there .
That ’s a noticeable difference when it comes to how much more fat we need to burn off . ”
As much as 16 percent of the population has two copies of the FTO gene , and half of us have one copy .
So far , scientists suspect that the other possible obesity - promoting genes have a small effect compared with FTO .
The good news ?
“ A genetic predisposition is n’t necessarily a life sentence , ” says Bouchard .
Also , even though FTO gene carriers are more likely to be obese , the gene does n’t prevent you from losing weight , according to a 2016 study from Newcastle University .
“ Our study shows that improving your diet and being more physically active will help you lose weight , regardless of your genetic makeup , ” said lead researcher John Mathers .
Modern Warfare 2 Keeps Call of Duty Branding Ending a lengthy period of inane speculation , Infinity Ward has confirmed that its f
" Just recieved [ sic ] the first Modern Warfare 2 boxes straight off the press , " Infinity Ward community manager Robert " fourzerotwo " Bowling wrote on Twitter alongside the above image of the CoD - tacular box art .
Previously , the developer had only officially referred to the shooter sequel as Modern Warfare 2 , with indications that the game 's commercial success could be hurt if it was n't clearly labeled as a Call of Duty title .
Publisher Activision certainly has high expectations -- just yesterday , it delayed Raven 's shooter Singularity into 2010 , explaining that the move " clears the way for Modern Warfare 2 to dominate this holiday season . "
Look for Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 to hit PC , PS3 and Xbox 360 on November 10 .
In the meantime , why not take another look at the first full - length trailer ?
It 's just below .
WATCH : Is there a difference between physical custody and legal custody of children in New Jersey ?
There is .
With joint legal custody we would have a parent of primary residence and as I earlier …
WATCH : If a person is getting married and they do n’t have any assets , do they need a prenuptial agreement ?
That ’s a great questions , I believe everyone should have a prenuptial agreement because you never …
WATCH : How does a party with fewer assets protect themselves in a prenuptial agreement ?
The first step is to get a lawyer to ensure that you are being treated fairly in a prenuptial …
WATCH : How does a divorcing couple decide where their children live ? ﻿﻿
Well , every case begins with the best interests of the children , Diana .
In reaching a …
WATCH : If a parent removes the children from the state without consent , what can that other parent do ? ﻿
It really comes down to what do you mean by remove to another state and the issue is why ?
For …
all your problems are over
" Why would a dinosaur need a gun ? " asked the shop owner .
" Self - defense . "
The owner 's gaze dropped to the three - inch claw that had chipped his display case .
" These are killing claws , " said the dinosaur , whose name was Tark .
" For sheep , or cows .
I merely want to disable an attacker with a precision shot to the leg or other uh , limbal region . "
" Uh - huh , " the owner said .
" Or maybe you figure humans shoot each other all the time , but if someone turns up ripped in half the cops are gonna start lookin ' for dinosaurs . "
Tark carefully pounded the counter .
" There used to be a time , " he said , " when gun dealers would actually sell people guns !
A time . . . called America .
I miss that time . "
Let Us Now Praise Awesome Dinosaurs .
Speaking of books !
Remember Asterios Polyp , which I recommended a few days ago ?
I am now UPPING my recommendation to " This is one of the best comics I 've ever read " .
I really loved it , you guys !
PERHAPS YOU WILL LOVE IT AS WELL ?
One year ago today : so yeah the only cure for boner fever is fewer boners .
hey thanks for reading my comic today everyone !!
– Ryan
I ’m a GPS addict .
I have a handheld GPS , a computer GPS , a GPS phone , two GPS watches , two GPS cameras , and maybe some others .
Wherever I go , chances are pretty good I have at least one GPS with me .
Anytime I run / bike / hike / walk / ski I keep a record of where I went using GPS .
Now that I have all this data I want to make use of it in a meaningful way .
Mathematica is a fantastic tool to analyze all my geographic data .
Here ’s an example from a recent trail run I did at a nearby park .
The data is stored in a GPX ( GPS exchange format ) file , which is a specific type of XML .
We can bring the data into Mathematica using Import .
Now we can extract all the track points ( the XML elements named “ trkpt ” ) .
Each of these track points has a latitude , longitude , elevation , and time .
The first thing I ’d like to do is make an elevation profile plot .
This plot will show the distance on the x axis and the elevation on the y axis .
The elevation values are measured quantities that come straight from the GPX file , while the distance values are quantities we can compute from the latitude / longitude pairs .
Let ’s pull out all the latitudes , longitudes , and elevations .
Next , let ’s partition the list of points into a list of adjacent pairs of points .
Then we can compute the distance between the two points in each pair using the GeoDistance function .
GPS latitude and longitude coordinates are measured in the WGS - 84 reference datum , so we ’ll pass that information along to GeoPosition and GeoDistance to make sure the computed distances are as accurate as possible .
Now we have a list of relative distances between each successive point .
Let ’s convert these relative distances to absolute distances from the beginning of the track to each point by summing up all the previous relative distances .
The resulting distance and elevation values are in meters , but in the United States we are accustomed to measuring distance in miles and elevation in feet , so let ’s convert the units using the Convert function .
Now that the data is ready , we can finally make our elevation profile plot .
Those three 100 - foot hills in the last couple of miles were tough .
So that was interesting , but what I ’m really more interested in is seeing my GPS track on a map .
This will be a two - step process .
First , we need to draw a suitable map .
Second , we need to overlay the GPS track on top of it .
For the map I ’m going to use USGS aerial photography from TerraServer , a site run by Microsoft that provides a web service to download USGS images .
We ’ll use InstallService from the WebServices` package to make it easy to get the images we need .
We have a rectangle ( the bounding box of the GPS track ) that we ’d like to map , so let ’s determine what that rectangle is and ask TerraServer for the AreaBounding Box .
This will tell us which images we need to download .
For good measure we ’ll go ahead and make sure the background is at least 10 % larger than the track on each side .
Now we need to create a two - dimensional grid of map tile images .
Let ’s figure out which tiles we need to request .
We ’ll get a sample Tile Id value for later modification .
Now we can download the tiles in the specified X and Y ranges using the GetTile web service method .
We can easily put these tiles together with ImageAssemble .
In addition to aerial photography , TerraServer also provides topographic maps .
Now comes the challenging part .
We have GPS points given in latitude and longitude ( 3D spherical coordinates ) .
We have an image drawn in some arbitrary 2D Cartesian coordinate system .
How do we correctly combine these ?
Well , we need to make sure our latitude and longitude values are projected from 3D spherical to 2D Cartesian coordinates using the same method as the source images .
We can see from the TerraServer web service API documentation that it converts latitude and longitude values to 2D Cartesian coordinates using the Universal Transverse Mercator coordinate system .
TerraServer also provides a function to do the conversion for you .
This function would work quite well for a handful of points , but this GPS track has thousands of points .
It would take an awfully long time and put an unnecessary burden on TerraServer ’s resources to make this API request every time we want to convert a single point .
Fortunately , this conversion is well defined , so we can implement it directly in Mathematica .
Unfortunately , the code is a little messy and beyond the scope of this blog post .
Here ’s the magical function :
I should note that the image tiles we downloaded from TerraServer cover an area equal to or greater than that which we requested .
They almost certainly cover a greater area , so let ’s figure out the area they do cover .
Now we ’ll convert these to UTM .
The image itself is n’t in UTM coordinates , it ’s in some other coordinate system .
So we will need to scale all UTM values to the image ’s coordinate system .
The next step is to figure out what scaling factors to use .
With this information we can now define a single function that will convert latitude and longitude values into the coordinate space of our image .
Now we can map this function across all of our GPS points .
Finally , we can show the track on top of the map image .
The map is good , but not perfect .
Let ’s trim the image down to the original bounding rectangle we requested from TerraServer .
We can even make it interactive .
Here ’s the track on a topographic map .
Let ’s try a more elaborate example to see if we can take this mapmaking to the next level .
Last November my wife ran the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon .
I rode my bike to several different locations along the course to cheer her on and take photos .
We both wore GPS devices to record our tracks .
The funny thing about this was that she ran faster than either of us expected and I missed her several times because she arrived at a location on the course before I did .
Let ’s find out what this looked like .
For this example we ’ll be dealing with two GPS tracks , the Rob one and the Melissa one .
Let ’s begin by importing the GPX files and extracting the latitudes and longitudes from the track points .
Next , we ’ll get the map .
Let ’s take all the code we used earlier and stick it into a function to make it easier to reuse .
This function returns the map image and a pure function that can be used to translate latitude / longitude pairs into the coordinate space of the map .
Let ’s take a look .
Now we have a map of the race course ( in blue ) and my path on the bike ( in red ) .
This would make a neat interactive map , but we ca n’t just use the same trick as before where we just added another track point to the line for each step of the animation , because the two tracks wo n’t be properly synchronized .
To solve the synchronization problem , we ’ll need to get the original time stamp of each track point from the GPX data .
Next we will build an InterpolatingFunction that when given a time will return the approximate location for the track .
Since the track points are spaced one or more seconds apart , any time between track points will return a value interpolated between the two nearest points .
We need to determine the earliest and latest times of either track .
Now we can make the interactive map .
Because the course is almost entirely north / south , this map has a very inconvenient aspect ratio .
It ’s much too tall and not very wide .
We could improve it by focusing on a small section ( with a reasonable aspect ratio ) at any given time .
So let ’s zoom in a bit and crop the image .
Here we have the cropped PlotRange and ImageSize , as well as the larger , tile - aligned PlotRange and ImageSize .
Let ’s keep track of the larger size so we have a larger work area .
Let ’s choose an arbitrary size for the final image .
As we want the focus at any given time to be the latest points in the two tracks , let ’s center the image at the midpoint between the latest track points from each track .
We can just as easily export this as a sequence of images and assemble them into a movie using QuickTime Player ( with QuickTime Pro features enabled ) .
I counted at least four times when I ( red dot ) arrived at a location on the marathon course after my wife ( blue dot ) had already passed .
Next time I may have to tell her to slow down .
These are just a few ways to analyze GPS data with Mathematica .
We could just as easily plot speed or pace .
We could request map images from other services .
We could zoom in or out on the map .
Mathematica ‘s integration of symbolic computation , graphics , import / export , web connectivity , and computable data ( e.g. GeodesyData ) make it the ideal tool for these types of data explorations .
Download this notebook
In recent years , the blue orchard bee ( BOB ) has become established as an alternative orchard pollinator in North America .
With a strong preference for fruit trees , BOBs are highly efficient pollinators ; in fact , just 250-300 females will pollinate an entire acre of apples or almonds .
BOBs forage and pollinate under cloudy skies and at lower temperatures than most other bees .
They are easy to manage and rarely sting .
To learn how to manage BOBs for successful orchard pollination , consult this guide from the USDA - ARS Bee Biology and Systematics Laboratory .
Learn about :
BOB natural history
Building nesting materials
Rearing and wintering populations
Field management for maximum pollination
Deterring parasites and predators
See All Publications
Web interfaces for BIND management
Searching for a opportunity to easily administer your domain names ?
I recommend you to use a web - based control panel where you can update web and mail records and have the results reflected on your DNS servers within minutes .
Below is a list of free BIND management tools what allow me to maintain the DNS servers :
DNS Control
Homepage | Source Code
Is a web - based DNS management tool for BIND .
You can completely manage a domain from a web interface .
It supports maintaining A , MX , and CNAME records , with all information stored in a MySQL database .
It is completely written in PHP ( smarty for the templates ) .
There are two separate interfaces : for administrators and for end users .
The admin interface is for adding / removing / updating passwords for domains in the system .
The user interface is for managing a domain
ProBIND
Homepage | Download
It is designed for managing the DNS zones for one or more servers running the ISC BIND DNS server software .
It works best for companies that need to manage a medium - sized pool of domains across a set of servers .
The application has been written in PHP for maximum portability with sample utility scripts in Perl and bash scripting .
It stores its data in a MySQL database and generates configuration files for BIND on - demand .
unxsBind/iDNS ( mysqlBind2/iDNS )
Homepage | Download
Provides the control of one or massive numbers of BIND9 DNS service containers ( or servers ) .
iDNS comes with user friendly interfaces as well as the classic tech backend .
iDNS can manage 1 or 1000's of DNS / BIND servers .
It has built - in rrdtool cluster ( all NS data aggregated ) and per zone named .
stats based DNS query graphs .
gadmin-BIND ( part of GAdminTools )
Homepage | Download
Is an easy to use GTK + administration tool for ISC BIND .
It handles multiple domains and can switch between master and slave domains .
It can change the domain name for entire domains and subdomains , including domain resources such as MX , A , AAAA , CNAME , and NS .
It can also generate and set up secret keys for rndc , construct a chroot environment , and handle DDNS operations .
Binder
Homepage | Download
Really good BIND DNS Control Panel .
It allows individuals to make changes to their zone files without needing to know the intricacies of BIND .
It also lets power users the ability to manage their own DNS settings , without having to bother the sysadmin or to call support .
The code is production quality and it is written in PHP .
Binder currently manages DNS for about 7000 domains
dnSQLpanel
dnSQLpanel Homepage | MySQL SDB driver Homepage
An open source and easy to use control panel for BIND , using the MySQL SDB module .
SDB driver for BIND9 allows using MySQL as a backend for the zone files .
Zone changes in the db become immediately available in DNS without restarting BIND .
The database format will work with the dnSQLpanel project to give you a web front end .
myWebDNS
Homepage | Download
A PHP - Web based package to manage a DNS server configured with BIND 9 .
It permit to operate as administrator to create and manage the DNS server , and as a user to create and manage the domains .
The package as written completely in PHP and use JavaScript for various checks .
The authentication is based on MySQL
BIND Webmin Module
Homepage
This Webmin module is quite useful for maintaining the BIND configuration .
It may help to avoid errors in configuration even for experienced administrators .
The module ( found under the Servers category ) supports the configuration of BIND versions 8 and 9
smBIND ( Simple Management for BIND )
Homepage | Download
A PHP - based tool for managing DNS zones for BIND via the web .
Supports per-user administration of zones , error checking , and a PEAR DB database backend
xbaydns
Homepage
Provides a Web management interface for BIND 9 .
Its user - friendly Web interface is based on the Django framework .
It has been tested on many operating systems , including FreeBSD , Linux , and MacOS X Leopard .
It provides an easy - to - use Web interface for DNS record management while implementing most of the advanced features provided by BIND
WeBBind
Homepage | Download
Web interface for administration BIND DNS servers .
It is written in PHP for everyday usage .
With WeBBind you can administer all the DNS server runing BIND in your organization from a PHP capable webserver .
Trine Demo Released , Game Dated for July 3
The demo for Frozenbyte 's enticing downloadable co-op game Trine has been released , and we 've now got it up on FileShack .
A physics - based platformer of sorts , Trine will allow playe
A physics - based platformer of sorts , Trine will allow players to switch between a Thief , Wizard , or Warrior character as they progress through fantasy - themed levels .
It 's a little bit Lost Vikings , and a little bit LittleBigPlanet .
Trine is looking at a July 3 release on PC , with a PlayStation 3 release coming shortly after -- likely July 9 , according to comments made by Frozenbyte .
The PC version will be available for preorder on Steam in the coming days .
An Xbox Live version is coming later on by way of Atlus .
The Xiao Xiao series was created by Zhu , a mysterious man from the east who has blessed us with some of the best stick - figure games and movies on the planet .
You will be amazed at how fluid these sticks move !
The great thing about Newgrounds is that we do n't just have parodies of what is on TV or the radio , we also have parodies of stuff that originates on the web !
Here are a bunch of Xiao Xiao parodies and spin - offs !
There are also plenty of movies that are n't Xiao Xiao parodies , but they are definitely Xiao Xiao inspired and would be enjoyed for XX fans !
LOS ANGELES -- Daniel Halbert moved here from Phoenix this year to invest his life savings in what he hoped was a golden opportunity : the medical - marijuana business .
But on Tuesday , the Los Angeles City Council told him to shut down his dispensary , part of a broad crackdown against a growing and unregulated marijuana industry .
More than 600 dispensaries have taken advantage of a loophole in city regulations to open shop here in the past two years .
The ...
SonyInsider dug up an FCC filing that indicates that the forthcoming PSP
Go will have a significantly faster top processor speed than than current PSP models .
Specifically , the Go's CPU can clock up to 480MHz , compared to the 333MHz speed of the existing models .
The site ends the post by asking the obvious question : " What will a 480MHz PSP Go bring to the table ? "
I suspect the answer to this is , " Nothing that has n't already been announced . "
Let me explain .
If Sony is going to transition from physical media to digital distribution and an app store model , it will want to take full advantage of a very old technology that cuts back on download times by trading processor cycles for network bandwidth and storage space : compression .
UMD PSP games are already highly compressed , and this accounted for the initial PSP models ' epic load times — load times that were decreased with later additions of more memory for caching uncompressed data .
PSP
Go users will be relying on wireless connections to move content onto the device , and right now PSP games max out at 1.8GB , which is the size of a UMD .
My guess is that Sony will loosen the 1.8 GB size restriction at some point , so PSP users may end up with relatively large game downloads .
When you add in any downloadable game add - ons and expansions that Sony makes available , it 's clear that the 16GB of storage on the device will be fairly precious .
It 's also the case that it costs money to serve up large downloads — bandwidth is not yet free .
So developers will get pressure from Sony to keep file sizes down in order to minimize transport charges .
All of this indicates that compression will be every bit as important as it was in the UMD era , if not more so .
My guess is that the extra 147MHz that the Go will ship with will be used to unpack game data that has been compressed to the gills .
It may also go to non-game , Go-specific applications , like a browser .
Where it will probably not go , however , is toward improved graphics for games .
For the foreseeable future , the PSP
Go is likely to represent a very small fraction of the PSP installed base , so it makes little sense for a developer to spend any resources on higher quality assets for a version of a game that will only reach a tiny slice of users .
So as much as I 'd like to fantasize about improved visuals on Sony 's new UMD - less handheld , I 'm afraid we 'll have to wait for the second - generation PSP to get anything like that .
And given the financial shape that Sony is in right now , I can imagine that the company is currently more focused on looking for ways — like the PSP
Go and online game store — to monetize existing technology investments than it is on accelerating the production of the next portable console . �
Get used to the PSP 's graphics , because they 'll probably be with us for some time to come .
Listing image by Eurogamer
1934 .
Young adults Bonnie Parker , a waitress , and Clyde Barrow , a criminal just released from prison , are immediately attracted to what the other represents for their life when they meet by chance in West Dallas , Texas .
Bonnie is fascinated with Clyde 's criminal past , and his matter - of - factness and bravado in talking about it .
Clyde sees in Bonnie someone sympathetic to his goals .
Although attracted to each other physically , a sexual relationship between the two has obstacles .
They decide to join forces to embark on a life of crime , holding up whatever establishments , primarily banks , to make money and to have fun .
They do n't plan on hurting anyone or killing despite wielding loaded guns .
They amass a small gang of willing accomplices , including C.W.
Moss , a mechanic to fix whatever cars they steal which is important especially for their getaways , and Buck Barrow , one of Clyde 's older brothers .
The only reluctant tag - along is Buck 's nervous wife , Blanche Barrow , a preacher 's daughter ....
Written by Huggo
July 21st , 2009 | by Ethan Jaynes |
Stupidest Person in THE WORLD !
Video .
I am in AHH that this lady knows how to work a camera .
She also knows what day it is , but she does not understand how rainbows work .
This is the best video I have seen in a long time .
“ What is oozing out of our ground ? ” Hat Tip Extra Mustard .
Jim Cramer of CNBC ’s Mad Money has had a longstanding prediction that the housing market would bottom at the end of June .
On Tuesday , two weeks prior to his original prediction , he was ready to declare the downturn is housing has reached the low point .
He points to the much better than expected housing starts data that was released Tuesday morning ; however as you can tell from our blog on that topic ( Better Than Expected Housing Starts Number : Is That Green Shoot a Weed ? ) , this headline number was misleading on the current situation in housing .
Furthermore , we think it is irresponsible to make a macroeconomic pronouncement on the back of one month ’s worth of data .
Cramer does not go as far as to say that viewers should invest in homebuilders , but he instead suggests that the way to play this “ housing recovery ” is to buy banks with substantial exposure to mortgage loans .
“ What can you do with this housing bottom call ?
I think you can buy the banks , the banks with the most mortgage exposure .
That ’s Wells Fargo , that ’s JP Morgan , and most important , Bank of America , both because of Bank of America and Countrywide .
That ’s the troika I have been buying for my charitable trust … ”
CNBC ’s Mad Money 6/16/2009
Again , this seems to be a premature endorsement of these banks , after all foreclosures are continuing at record pace over the last few months .
As anyone who has seen the chart of mortgage loans resets by type ( first made by Credit Suisse ( CS ) and now reproduced around the web ) knows that there is still a very difficult period ahead as many many billion of dollars of loans will be at risk .
In the last few months we have been in a lull for the reset schedule , and even if some homeowners refinanced these loans already , it is logical to assume that there will be a large amount of resets on the way in 2010 and 2011 .
Certainly , some of these borrowers are making the minimum payments and will no doubt be underwater when the reset comes due .
Interest rates , while still relatively low , have climbed back above historically extremely low levels .
To ignore the upcoming reset schedule and the increased rates of foreclosures , even among prime borrowers is not wise .
At Ockham , we often try to keep tabs on what Cramer is talking about , and we know that often he is trying to be an entertainer first and anything else is secondary .
However , this strikes us as particularly egregious and dangerous advice .
The housing bubble was built up over many years and to think that the overhang in supply , foreclosure issues , and the upcoming reset schedule will be alleviated in just a few painful months is a hard pill to swallow .
We have seen some data that suggests the housing market may be starting to stabilize but keep in mind that does not necessarily mean that the worst is behind us .
Cramer ’s Housing Call Makes No Sense
A federal judge ruled against Georgia in the state ’s water dispute with Alabama and Florida , deciding that Atlanta must stop withdrawing water from a massive federal reservoir within three years unless if can get approval from Congress .
The judge , Paul A. Magnuson of Federal District Court , said that Lake Lanier had not been built for water supply and that the state ’s withdrawals were illegal .
Judge Magnuson acknowledged that it would be impossible to stop using the lake immediately because it is metro Atlanta ’s main water supply .
But he said that if the state could not get Congressional permission within three years , the withdrawals must end .
The case involves a 2003 water - sharing agreement with the Army Corps of Engineers that would have allowed Georgia to take more water from Lake Lanier for its drinking supply .
Florida and Alabama objected , saying that the lake had been initially built for hydropower and that providing water to Georgia was not an authorized use .
Edit in place is a handy feature where clicking on an area of a web page replaces that portion of the page with a form which will enable the user to update that information .
At one time , this was a part of Rails , but in 2007 it moved out to a plugin , and improved upon .
The one that looked like it most closely matched my needs was REST in Place .
It comes in three flavors , I picked JQuery .
URLencoding
The first issue I had was that I would not be able to authenticate , despite carefully following the instructions for setting a rails_authenticity_token .
Looking at it from the server logs , it appeared that the token received had a space in it .
Looking at it from the client , I found a plus in the same place .
Looks like request was n’t properly x - www - form - urlencoded .
Looking at the source ( line 18 ) verifies this to be the case .
A call to encodeURIComponent would solve this .
So would a call to CGI.escape in the assignment to rails_authenticity_token .
The former seems like the “ right ” way , but instead of modifying the gem , I decided to take the latter approach for now .
It is not clear to me why this problem would n’t affect others enough to have been noticed and fixed .
JSON
Once this was fixed , I could edit information in place .
The trouble is that the formatting was lost after the edit .
The information I was editing at the time was a dollar amount , something that I format with number_to_currency .
It seems that under the covers , after an update is made , the information is re-fetched using JSON and that ’s the information that is displayed .
That information is “ raw ” and essentially straight from the database .
My first attempt to address this was to create new attributes which were not backed by the database ; but by default such attributes are not included in the JSON so instead of simply losing the formatting , now I lost the result entirely .
This could be addressed , but I decided to go back to the original attributes , and centralize the formatting .
class ActiveRecord :: Base def self .
dollarize * attrs attrs.each do |name| define_method name do clone = SimpleDelegator.new( self [name ] ) clone.extend( ApplicationHelper ) def clone.to_s number_to_currency self , :unit= >'' end def clone.to_json(opts ) to_s.inspect end clone end define_method " #{name}= " do |value| self[ name.to_sym]=value.gsub (/ [ ^0 - 9. ] / , '' ) . to_f end end end end
This allows fields to be declared as dollarized , after which point all formatting is taken care of automatically , and all other basic numeric functionality is delegated back to the original Float .
Kinda odd to have ApplicationHelper included within a model , but the amount of lines of code went down , processing became more consistent , so this was totally a net plus .
Caching
Now that the basic functionality worked , I noticed something odd .
If after doing an in - page - edit I clicked on a link and subsequently clicked on the back button , I was presented with JSON instead of the HTML page I was expecting .
I ’m not totally sure what is going on here , as the server was properly sending private , max - age=0 , must - revalidate as the cache control header .
The only thing I can figure is some oddity with Firefox 3.0.11 with XMLHttpRequeset and https sessions .
I ’m not a big fan of conneg for this reason .
When it works , it is very useful .
When it does n’t , it is often difficult to diagnose and debug .
But I have a known workaround .
By appending a question mark to the URI used for XHR , the client sees it as a different resource and the server processes it the same .
Helper
Wanting to apply the same workaround consistently across my application was the tipping point .
The markup rest_in_place was n’t all that complicated , but was repetitive .
Time for a helper function :
# Usage : # < % rest_in_place ( obj ) do |rip| -%> # ... markup ... # <%= rip.editable : field %> # ... markup ... # <% end -%> def rest_in_place ( obj ) yield RIP_Builder.new ( url_for( obj ) , obj ) end class RIP_Builder def initialize ( url , obj ) @url = url + " ? " @obj = obj @name = ActionController:: RecordIdentifier.singular_class_name( obj ) end def editable ( field ) " < span class='rest_in_place ' object= '#{@name} ' attribute= '# {field} ' url='#{@url} '>#{@obj.send field} </ span > " end end
Attributes
One final note , only of interest to pedants .
The markup above is not conformant in that it invents new attributes .
In order to satisfy the markup orthodoxy , I ’d suggest modifying RIP to accept synonyms for each attribute that happen to start with data -.
I would certainly use it on all public facing websites that made use of this feature .
As to what I use on my own private network , that ’s between me and my server .
Though it 's probably something of a heresy , socca batter makes great silver - dollar pancakes for a grownup breakfast ; their slightly eggy flavor marries perfectly with maple syrup or jam .
Bob 's Red Mill sells chickpea - flour as Garbanzo Bean Flour .
It also has a delicious Garbanzo and Fava Flour that can be used the same way .
They are available by mail order and at Whole Foods .
Recipe : Chickpea - Flour Pancakes ( Socca )
Socca batter can be made up to four days ahead : cover and refrigerate .
It will get thicker as it sits ; thin with water as necessary .
4 Servings
• 1 cup chickpea flour
• 1 1/4 cups water , more if necessary to thin the batter
• 1 1/2 to tablespoon extra - virgin olive oil plus more for oiling the pan and drizzling
• Scant ½ teaspoon coarse ( Kosher ) salt
• Freshly ground pepper to taste ( optional )
In a medium bowl , sift the chickpea flour .
Slowly whisk in the water , adding more by the teaspoonfuls to make a batter the consistency of heavy cream .
Whisk in 1 1/ 2 tablespoons olive oil , the salt and pepper .
Transfer the batter to a pitcher or measuring cup with a spout to make for easy pouring .
To cook single socca , heat a large heavy nonstick skillet , or a well - seasoned cast - iron skillet , over moderate - high heat .
Pour in a little olive oil and swirl or use a silicone brush to coat the pan .
Pour about 1 /4 cup of the batter into the pan and tilt the pan to coat the bottom evenly with the batter and make a pancake between 1/16 - inch and 1/8 - inch thick .
Cook until small holes pock the top and the bottom is browned , about 1 minute .
Flip the pancake and cook another minute until the bottom side is golden .
Eat hot , drizzled with olive oil if desired .
Repeat with the remaining batter .
To make silver dollar size pancakes , pour 2 - inch circles around the edge of the pan , spaced 1/2 - inch apart .
Do not swirl .
Cook until small holes pock the top and the bottom is browned , about 1 minute .
Flip the pancake and cook another minute until the bottom side is golden .
Eat with maple syrup , honey or jam .
Like all pancakes , make one or two small " test " pancakes to get the variables right :
• If the pancake is too thick ( thinner - - around 1/16th to 1/8th inch thick -- is always better with socca ) , thin the batter with a little water .
• Adjust the salt level to your taste .
• If cooking too slowly , turn up the heat ; if the fat starts to smoke , decrease the heat .
• To flavor savory socca , add a good dose of black pepper , or frizzle a few leaves of fresh rosemary in the hot oil before pouring the batter into the pan .
Created by dubochet on 2009 - 06 - 02 .
Updated : 2009-06-04 , 19:38
The collection library is undergoing a complete overhaul for Scala 2.8 , with three goals in mind : a more coherent design ; more code reuse ; compatibility with existing sources .
Download a recent nightly build ( linux - mac / windows ) to try the new library for yourself .
A coherent design
A visit of the 2.8 collections library ( see its API ) starts in the scala .
collection package that contains an abstract version of all major collection types : maps , sets , sequences , etc .
Two sub-packages contain actual implementations : mutable for implementations in which elements can be added and removed , immutable for implementations that can only be changed by creating a new copy ( functional - style ) .
Usual operations , such as creating a new collection , are available for all collections using a coherent design : Vector ( 1 , 2 ) , Set ( 1 , 2 ) or Map ( " x " -> 1 , " y " -> 2 ) will create new instances .
Even abstract collections have standard constructors : call Iterable ( 1 , 2 ) to get a default implementation .
Code reuse
As a user of the collection library , you may not have noticed the degree of code duplication in the 2.7 collections library .
However , you may have noticed the bugs caused by it .
The 2.8 collection library abstracts most of the implementation of collections to classes in the generic package .
Collection classes are created by extending various bits of generic implementation , maximising the degree of code reuse .
If you design new collections , you can also grab whatever bit of implementation you require from the generic package , and simplify your own implementation .
Compatibility with existing sources
Despite the Scala 2.8 collection library being rewritten from scratch , compatibility with existing source has been mostly retained .
Some methods , which had to go , have been deprecated but will still be available in 2.8 .
Only users of JCL will be directly affected by the change : Java - compatibility mappings are provided by the collection library , but they could not be made compatible with JCL .
Do n't forget to recompile though : Scala 2.8 bytecode format is not compatible with that of 2.7 .
Get ready for Scala 2.8
Nightly builds of Scala 2.8 ship with an early version of the new collections library .
We are still tweaking the design , so let us know what you think of it .
Also , download it ( linux - mac / windows ) , try it on your code and let us know about your own experience of moving from the old collections to the new collections .
If you want to know more about the 2.8 collection library , read Martin Odersky 's SID that describes their implementation in details .
Will Wilkinson has gotten a lot of Internet love for his article “ Thinking Clearly About Economic Inequality ” ( Free Exchange , Real Time Economics , Yglesias , Klein , Cowen , Rortybomb ) , which argues that increasing inequality is not as bad as people like Paul Krugman make it out to be .
I thought it was a rhetorically clever but deeply misleading attempt to blur the obvious issue – economic inequality is increasing – by looking at it through a dizzying array of qualifying lenses .
Wilkinson marshals an impressive number of arguments to try to make the point that increasing income inequality is not the metric that we should focus on .
I ’ll try to take them one at a time .
( Wilkinson ’s arguments are summarized in the numbered paragraphs ; the others are my responses . )
1 . It is n’t income that matters , but consumption , since the way that income translates into utility is through consumption .
“ Why do we want income at all ?
So we can acquire things that we value . ”
OK , I guess , although this ignores the desire of rich people – or even moderately well - off people – to provide for their children .
Besides the psychological utility that they gain , this just means that the imbalance in consumption between rich and poor will be spread across future generations .
The imbalance does n’t go away .
But this argument is n’t the big problem .
2 . Actually we need to look at lifetime consumption , because people engage in consumption - smoothing .
And “ the run-up in consumption inequality has been considerably less dramatic than the run-up in income inequality . ”
First , Wilkinson ’s quotation seems to acknowledge that consumption inequality has been increasing .
Second , you would expect increases in consumption inequality to lag increases in income inequality .
When rich people get much , much richer very quickly – as happened in the last decade – they are not going to be able to consume that increased income as fast as they earn it .
It will get deferred , or inherited , and will show up later .
Poor people , by contrast , will attempt to maintain their consumption even as their incomes fall , going into more debt .
This is why increases in consumption inequality lag increases in income inequality .
It ’s not a good thing .
Even more simply , if I make more money than you do over my entire lifetime , then over the course of my lifetime I will consume more than you ( or my children will consume more than yours ) .
Unless Wilkinson thinks that today ’s successful hedge fund managers are actually going to be extremely poor in future years , this effect will not go away .
3. Furthermore , when we value consumption , we ca n’t look at market prices ( nominal consumption ) ; instead , we want to know the value to the consumer of the consumption .
So instead we should just look at happiness .
And here happiness gaps have been shrinking , not rising .
Wilkinson is honest enough to acknowledge that even the Stevenson and Wolfers study he cites for narrowing happiness gaps over the past several decades also found that “ the trend toward greater equality in happiness stalled and began to reverse course in the 1990s , due in part to widening inequalities in happiness ( and wages ) between individuals of unequal levels of education . ”
And this is the period Krugman is most concerned with .
But he then ignores this point in his analysis .
I ’m as much a fan of positive psychology and happiness research as anyone .
I am a believer , based on both personal experience and on reading summaries of the research ( I ’m not a research psychologist myself , of course ) that above a certain level of income and wealth – which I would put somewhere squarely in the middle class – money simply does not make you happier .
But this is the first time I ’ve heard an economist try to justify economic inequality on the grounds that it is happiness that matters , not money .
This is what you would expect from the medieval Church , not the Cato Institute : although you think you want more material things , actually you do n’t , because the only thing that matters is salvation in the afterlife .
4. Wilkinson then tries to explain why increased income inequality does not translate into increased happiness inequality ( although Steven and Wolfers actually say that it has translated into increased happiness inequality since the 1990s ) .
There are two parts to this argument , but basically they collapse down to one .
First , he says that the quality of budget - level products has increased faster than the quality of luxury - level products ( like refrigerators ) , so that the differential in material comfort is decreasing for a given differential in monetary consumption .
Second , he says that rich people are actually taxing themselves by spending huge amounts of money on “ real estate with ocean views , or Ivy League diplomas , or goods like yachts ” that do not provide value commensurate to their cost .
( Along the way , he gets in a dig at the luxury goods industry , which he claims provides shoddy quality at extravagant prices , but that seems to me like an anecdote at best ; after all , a Park Avenue duplex is still a lot better than a studio in Yonkers , whether or not Hermes scarves are as good as they once were . )
First off , remember that we ’re talking about changes here – changes in income gaps , in consumption gaps , and in happiness gaps .
Wilkinson ’s argument , that increasing income gaps coexist with decreasing happiness gaps , requires more than just the observation that happiness as a function has a decreasing slope ( doubling your consumption does n’t double your happiness ) .
It requires some evidence that the marginal happiness benefit of consumption is decreasing over time .
If the shape of the happiness curve is the same in time 0 and time 1 , then increasing consumption gaps will produce increasing happiness gaps , though perhaps not at a linear rate .
Increasing consumption gaps can coexist with decreasing happiness gaps only if the happiness curve is getting flatter fast enough to compensate for those increasing consumption gaps .
And here Wilkinson undercuts his own argument .
He points to the relatively small practical difference between a $ 300 refrigerator and a $ 10,000 refrigerator , which is far bigger than the difference between no refrigerator and a refrigerator – which was the relevant difference maybe fifty years ago .
Good point .
But he also talks about how vanilla and pepper suffered the same fate – only much longer before .
The lesson is that different products and services that people want change over time , and at different times , from being rare luxuries to being relative commodities .
Just because one former luxury good is now a commodity good does n’t mean there are n’t other valuable goods that many people cannot afford .
Take organic fruits and vegetables , for example , which many parents would like to buy for their children , but are simply too expensive for tens of millions of households .
Or private school in places where the public schools are not very good .
Or being able to move out of an area that is plagued by air pollution , or by crime .
These are not frivolous luxuries like Sub - Zero refrigerators .
Or even take air travel , which has gotten much cheaper over the past three decades and that we commonly think of as having been “ democratized . ”
Flying a family of four even just from the Northeast to Orlando can easily cost $ 2,000 in air tickets alone – something that is far beyond the reach of many families who would love to take their children to Disney World just once in their childhoods .
In short , for all the product categories where you can say the rich are wasting their money on Sub - Zero refrigerators , there are other product categories where having more money makes a big , big difference in your material quality of life .
And let ’s not mention health care , which is literally a matter of life and death .
Finally , there ’s something strangely patronizing about this argument .
Wilkinson cites research showing that the rate of inflation for the basic necessities that poor people buy – food , shelter , clothing – has been lower than the rate of inflation for other goods , like “ home cleaning , lawn care , psychotherapy , and yoga classes . ”
That is an important finding .
The implication is that , relatively speaking , the buying power of the poor ( and hence their consumption ) has grown faster than their income , while the buying power of the rich has grown slower than their income .
If the falling relative price of basic necessities ( other than health care , of course ) has reduced the proportion of people who go without basic necessities , then that is a great thing .
But that is not the same thing as a decrease in inequality .
Whether or not the poor have what social scientists think they need – food , shelter , and clothing ( but not health care ! ) – they may still want home cleaning , lawn care , psychotherapy , and yoga classes .
In this model , more leisure time , better psychological balance , and less back pain are all valuable things that rich people have much more of than poor people .
And no matter what you do with the numbers , if nominal consumption inequality ( inequality in the amount spent on consumption ) is going up , you cannot make inequality in consumption of these goods go down .
In a simple model , rich people benefit the same amount in nominal terms as poor people from a fall in the price of necessities , and therefore if the nominal consumption gap is increasing , the gap in the amount of money left for yoga classes is necessarily also increasing ; the rate of inflation of yoga classes cannot change that .
Given an increasing nominal consumption gap , rich people may have a lower percentage rate of growth of abstract consumption units than poor people , but their level of consumption will always grow faster than that of poor people .
Ultimately , the “ rich people are fooling themselves ” argument relies on a theory of false consciousness : rich people do n’t know what is good for them and are wasting their money ; poor people are better off not taking yoga classes .
But this , I fear , moves us out of the realm of economics altogether .
I know that behavioral economists for decades have been showing that people make irrational choices .
Fine ; let ’s try to help people make more rational choices .
But remember , it ’s still their money .
And they want more of it .
How people spend their money reveals how they value things , and if they pay $ 50 per hour for yoga classes , then maybe yoga classes are worth $ 50 per hour to them , at least in their conscious brains .
From a moral standpoint , if there is a problem in one person having ten times as much money as someone else , that problem does not go away because he blows it on cocaine .
From a policy standpoint , whether or not people use their money in ways that increase their happiness , money is the thing that they care about , and trying to base policy decisions on happiness is both paternalistic and impractical .
If it turns out that rich people are no happier than poor people , should we simply stop worrying about poverty ?
Wilkinson brings up a lot of interesting ideas and cites some interesting research , but does little to challenge Krugman ’s core point : people like money , people use money to buy stuff , the money gap between rich and poor is increasing , and the stuff gap is increasing as well .
I ’ll accept that nominal consumption inequality may be growing slower than income inequality ( although I suspect the difference is just being deferred into later decades ) , and inequality in stuff actually consumed may be growing slower than nominal consumption inequality ( due to different inflation rates ) , but I do n’t see a solid argument for why they are n’t growing .
And that ’s still a problem .
That was just the first nine pages – hopefully I ’ll be back to talk about the rest .
By James Kwak
( Image : " Dubai Metropolis , " The Business Bay Executive Towers in Dubai .
From the CC - licensed Flickr stream of " twocentsworth . " )
An incredible piece by Johann Hari in the UK Independent about hard times hitting in the Arab city - state " built from nothing in just a few wild decades on credit and ecocide , suppression and slavery . "
A long read , but you wo n't want to miss a word .
Toward the end of the piece , Hari boils his impression of the place down to these six words : " Market Fundamentalist Globalisation in One City . "
The feature starts with a vignette about an expat named Karen Andrews , who now lives in her Range Rover , camped in the parking lot of one of Dubai 's finest hotels .
Her troubles began when her husband was diagnosed with a brain tumor , lost his job , and the couple quickly slipped into debt .
Snip :
One doctor told him he had a year to live ; another said it was benign and he'd be okay .
But the debts were growing .
" Before I came here , I did n't know anything about Dubai law .
I assumed if all these big companies come here , it must be pretty like Canada 's or any other liberal democracy 's , " she says .
Nobody told her there is no concept of bankruptcy .
If you get into debt and you can't pay , you go to prison .
" When we realised that , I sat Daniel down and told him : listen , we need to get out of here .
He knew he was guaranteed a pay - off when he resigned , so we said – right , let 's take the pay - off , clear the debt , and go . "
So Daniel resigned – but he was given a lower pay - off than his contract suggested .
The debt remained .
As soon as you quit your job in Dubai , your employer has to inform your bank .
If you have any outstanding debts that are n't covered by your savings , then all your accounts are frozen , and you are forbidden to leave the country .
" Suddenly our cards stopped working .
We had nothing .
We were thrown out of our apartment . "
Karen can't speak about what happened next for a long time ; she is shaking .
Daniel was arrested and taken away on the day of their eviction .
It was six days before she could talk to him .
" He told me he was put in a cell with another debtor , a Sri Lankan guy who was only 27 , who said he could n't face the shame to his family .
Daniel woke up and the boy had swallowed razor - blades .
He banged for help , but nobody came , and the boy died in front of him . "
Karen managed to beg from her friends for a few weeks , " but it was so humiliating .
I 've never lived like this .
I worked in the fashion industry .
I had my own shops .
I 've never … "
She peters out .
Daniel was sentenced to six months ' imprisonment at a trial he could n't understand .
It was in Arabic , and there was no translation .
" Now I 'm here illegally , too , " Karen says I 've got no money , nothing .
I have to last nine months until he 's out , somehow . "
Looking away , almost paralysed with embarrassment , she asks if I could buy her a meal .
She is not alone .
All over the city , there are maxed - out expats sleeping secretly in the sand - dunes or the airport or in their cars .
" The thing you have to understand about Dubai is – nothing is what it seems , " Karen says at last .
" Nothing .
This is n't a city , it 's a con-job .
They lure you in telling you it 's one thing – a modern kind of place – but beneath the surface it's a medieval dictatorship . "
I Bollstanäs kommer Gösta Westerberg Energihus att bygga tre klimatsmarta passivhus ritade av Anders Holmberg Arkitekter .
Passivhus är välisolerade hus som till större del värms upp genom den energi som redan finns i huset ( de boende och hushållsapparater ) .
Dessutom utnyttjar man solenenergi för att värma både hus och varmvatten när det är möjligt .
Om du frågar mig så tycker jag att man bara borde bygga passivhus nu för tiden .
Visst byggkostnaden är lite högre men det är pengar man spara i längden plus att man minskar sitt koldioxidavtryck .
Fler bilder på Gösta Westerberg Energihus finns efter hoppet …
Plats : Bollstanäs , Sverige
Kund : Gösta Westerberg Energihus
Byggnadstyp : Villor
Byggår : 2009/2010
Storlekt : ca. 158 m²
Arkitekt : Anders Holmberg Arkitekter
> Gösta Westerberg Energihus
> Anders Holmberg Arkitekter
A few minutes ago , the Ubuntu developers unleashed the third alpha version of the upcoming Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) operating system , which is scheduled for release in late October this year .
As usual , we 've downloaded a copy of it in order to keep you up to date with the latest changes in the Ubuntu 9.10 development .
What 's new in Ubuntu 9.10 Alpha 3 ?
It has been about six weeks since the last alpha release , therefore the developers had some time to introduce new technologies and features to this version .
Ubuntu 9.10 Alpha 3 has a new development version of the GNOME desktop environment , 2.27.4 , which brings cool new features .
Here are the most important features of Ubuntu 9.10 Alpha 3 :
1 . Sad news for Pidgin fans , as the development team decided to replace it with the Empathy instant messenger client .
Brasero now shows how much free space is available on the disk
c
The revamped login manager
Ubutnu One , available from the Internet menu entry
The new notifications
The Ubuntu start page in Firefox 3
What 's new in Kubuntu and Xubuntu 9.10 Alpha 3 ?
The good news is that Kubuntu now has its own " Netbook Remix " Edition ( see below for download links ) .
This version contains the KDE 4.3 RC2 desktop environment and the following applications :
· Arora Web Browser ( replaces Konqueror ) · Amarok 2.1.1 · KPackageKit 0.4.1.1 · K3 b 1.66.0 ( alpha 2 ) · QtCurve 0.65.1
· kcm -gtk 0.5 · KDE microblogging Plasma widget
Kubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) Alpha 3 with KDE 4.3 RC2
Xubuntu 9.10 Alpha 3
The Karmic Koala Release Schedule :
May 14th , 2009 - Alpha 1 release June 11th , 2009 - Alpha 2 release July 23rd , 2009 - Alpha 3 release August 13th , 2009 - Alpha 4 release September 3rd , 2009 - Alpha 5 release September 17th , 2009 - Alpha 6 release October 1st , 2009 - Beta release October 22nd , 2009 - Release Candidate October 29th , 2009 - Final release of Ubuntu 9.10
Download Ubuntu 9.10 Alpha 3 ( Karmic Koala ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Server 9.10 Alpha 3 ( Karmic Koala ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Netbook Remix 9.10 Alpha 3 ( Karmic Koala ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Kubuntu 9.10 Alpha 3 ( Karmic Koala ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Kubuntu Netbook Remix 9.10 Alpha 3 ( Karmic Koala ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Xubuntu 9.10 Alpha 3 ( Karmic Koala ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Studio 9.10 Alpha 3 ( Karmic Koala ) right now from Softpedia .
Remember that this is an alpha release and it should NOT be installed on production machines .
It is intended to be used for testing purposes only .
Please report bugs to the Ubuntu Bug Tracker .
Chris Buck
The scene : Lunchtime at Jeb Bush 's modest office just outside Miami .
Just Tucker and Jeb , no one else in sight .
Sandwiches .
Jeb , only fifty - six , the smarter Bush boy , a good governor , with a great many people expecting that he's not yet finished , but after passing on the chance to run for Mel Martinez 's Senate seat earlier this year , there 's not an obvious path back to power for him .
And his party is a shambles .
Obama strides the globe like a colossus , Specter is days away from jumping , and Congressman Eric Cantor 's sad rebranding effort is about to launch to no fanfare at a pizza parlor somewhere in Virginia .
What will become of the once ( and recently ) great Republican party ?
And what role will one of its brightest stars — one of its only stars — play in its future ?
[ Bush shows off his Kindle . ]
I 'm waiting for the next iteration .
I 'd love to be able to e-mail off my Kindle .
If it had more interactivity , it'd be an even better device .
I subscribed to Huffington just to see how the forces of evil are conspiring .
[ Bush puts the Kindle aside .
The conversation quickly turns to his feelings about the current state of the GOP . ]
I 'm relatively optimistic .
But the demographics are going against us .
Alex [ Castellanos , Republican media consultant ] told me today , for example , that there is not a district in California where Republicans are out - registering Democrats .
Of the fifty - three districts — I think that 's right — not a single one has an improving situation .
It 's striking .
So you have a shift .
There 's more minorities .
The voter - registration efforts have been successful by Democrats , ACORN and the like .
The swing voters are Hispanic voters in most of the swing states .
And Republicans have done a poor job , sending signals that Hispanics are n't wanted in our party .
Which is bizarre .
How have Republicans alienated Hispanics ?
The people that are on television are the loudest on the immigration issue .
The emotion , the anger , is a signal .
Put aside the substance , but just in terms of the language .
It makes it sound like them and us .
And the evidence is that after [ the GOP ] making major inroads , Hispanics have turned toward the Democratic party in the last two election cycles .
Big time .
Compare that to how my brother did and how I did and how other Republican candidates have done in the past and you can see a trend line that 's quite disturbing .
Can you oppose illegal immigration and not seem anti-Hispanic ?
It 's possible but it requires a tone that 's different .
If you listen to the conversation , it 's not just words ; it 's how they 're spoken .
It has to be dispassionate , the language .
But it has n't been .
You mean Limbaugh ?
I do n't know how much he talks about immigration .
Rush Limbaugh is a hugely important force for the conservative movement .
I 'm more interested in elected officials , how they behave .
What do you think of Rush ?
I feel happy for Rush to get all this attention .
He 's one part of a mosaic of people and thought in the conservative movement .
I do n't think you can discount his importance .
At the same time , he 's not an elected official , so I think he has a different responsibility .
Conservatives can win , can draw people toward our cause with the proper language and the proper ideas .
I do n't think that conservatism has been rejected in the United States .
I do n't believe it .
One third of young voters say they prefer socialism .
I do n't think all is lost .
The country is a center - right country .
The problem has been that conservatives in positions of responsibility , particularly in the Congress , lost their way .
And in general conservatism has gotten a little nostalgic and less focused on the here and now , and on the future .
I 'm a huge Ronald Reagan fan .
The Republican primary was almost all about Ronald Reagan : Who was the heir to Ronald Reagan ?
Well , I mean , Ronald Reagan would be talking about ideas , would be talking about broad principles , would be talking about issues , more than what we heard in the primaries .
The world is radically different than it was in the 1980s , dramatically different .
The radical changes that have taken place because of technology alone create high anxiety for a whole lot of people , a lot of angst , but it also creates huge opportunities for improving the human condition .
And conservatives need to be in the game .
We need to be talking about what the world looks like today and what it will look like going forward , rather than speaking in nostalgic terms about the past .
Put the principles of our philosophy in the context of 2009 and beyond .
That would be helpful .
Why has the party gotten so unpopular ?
I do n't think there 's any seismic shift .
The Democrats have won on tactics .
Barack Obama would not have gotten elected if he'd let us in on his secret plan prior to the election .
He would not have gotten elected if he'd said , " My idea is to create a $ 1.8 trillion deficit for the next fiscal year .
My idea is to spend $ 750 billion [ the president 's budget estimate puts this figure at $ 630 billion ] over the next ten years on a government - sponsored , government - subsidized health - care policy .
My idea is to create a massive cap - and - trade system [ based on the idea ] that CO 2 is [ a ] pollutant and we need to tax it in a massive way to reduce greenhouse - gas emissions . "
Those ideas , which are now embedded in his budget , and the ideas in the stimulus package , were n't central in his campaign .
In fact , he basically won the tax debate , which is breathtaking if you think about it .
Cutting taxes is generally considered a center - right idea , not a center - left or left idea .
He made it appear like McCain was going to raise taxes , which was unfair , but there was no response back .
When there was an ideological component , it was generally centrist or even center - right .
Had he said what he was going to do as a candidate , [ Obama ] would have lost .
Why is he so popular now ?
[ A flash of agitation . ]
First of all , who cares ?
His popularity is no greater — in fact it 's less — than what my brother 's was during the beginning of his tenure , in a time of unbelievable friction , if you think about it , because of the 2000 election .
His approval ratings were higher than Barack Obama 's during his first one hundred days .
[ Actually , according to Gallup , during the first hundred days of his presidency , Bush had approval ratings that were generally in the high 50s to low 60s , while Obama 's were in the low to mid-60s . ]
My guess is that there will be a push back .
I think in general there was a period of time when the only new ideas were Republican ideas .
It was n't that long ago .
And now one could make the case that the opposite is the case .
We certainly have lost the last two elections in terms of the tactics .
In terms of the mechanics of politics , the tactics of politics , the Democrats have cleaned our clock .
But beyond that , there has n't been any kind of restatement of the organizing principles of our philosophy .
And there have n't been a whole lot of ideas to come to the forefront based on that philosophy .
We have n't upgraded our message .
We have n't updated it .
If you close your eyes and listen to most Republicans , most conservatives , the same speech could have been given in 1990 .
And you can't discount that .
It 's a pretty important point .
If people think our message is outdated , our message is not relevant to the world we live in , and I think a growing number of people may feel that , you lose your relevance .
I 'm not saying abandon our principles .
To the contrary : Find creative ways of expressing the principles .
This should be a renaissance time .
Whether it 's education or health care or energy or the environment , or whether it 's the scale and scope and size of the governments all around us .
This should be our time .
But it is n't , is it ?
Do you believe global warming is primarily man-made ?
I 'm a skeptic .
I 'm not a scientist .
I think the science has been politicized .
I would be very wary of hollowing out our industrial base even further ...
It may be only partially man-made .
It may not be warming by the way .
The last six years we 've actually had mean temperatures that are cooler .
I think we need to be very cautious before we dramatically alter who we are as a nation because of it .
Does the party need to change or de-emphasize its positions on abortion or gay marriage ?
No .
No , I think those are important issues to not shy away from .
And I do n't think that 's the reason why suburban voters have migrated to the Democrats .
I think it 's the economic issues .
We have not been able to explain why these timeless conservative principles matter in 2009 .
I think the economic issues drove the 2008 elections , and to a certain extent the 2006 election .
The last big election was the presidential race in 2008 .
Senator McCain , in spite of his life experiences , his worldview , the kind of man he is — I think he was far more qualified to be president than President Obama — he could not connect to people 's anxieties and fears about the economy .
He could not take our timeless principles , he could not take conservative values and express them in a way that drew people toward the belief that while we 're living in these tumultuous times , the solution is not bigger and stronger government , that we should n't migrate toward the collectivist response and feel comforted on one level because government is there to take care of us , that there are dangers to that , number one , and , number two , the alternative is to use these basic institutions that are the hallmark of our philosophy we need to strengthen .
We need to strengthen the family , we need to empower people , give them the tools to be successful .
We need to reform the things that right now make it harder for families to be successful .
We 're never going to win by being for more government .
I think people , if they were less fearful of all the change around them , they were given some hope that there 's a lush , green valley on the other side of that hill , and they were told that we needed to climb that hill together , but based on principles that have created the greatness of our country , then we would not necessarily default to ever - expanding government .
Should McCain have opposed the bailout ?
I do n't know .
That 's a great question .
It seemed he was just uncomfortable with the whole thing .
Canceling the debate , then going back to the debate , calling for the White House to have a meeting with people whose ideas were already pretty entrenched , then not using the skills he clearly has ...
I think [ Obama ] handled it very well .
McCain did n't handle it poorly .
He just looked uncomfortable .
I do n't think people felt necessarily that he had an answer .
To answer your question , maybe if [ McCain ] had opposed the bailout based on some actual principles he could express , and that led to some solutions , that would have shown leadership and people might have turned to him in the election .
On September 15 — I was with him that day — McCain was winning .
He was ahead in the polls .
I was in Jacksonville and Orlando .
That morning he said that the economy was fundamentally strong .
I interpreted that as he meant it .
What he meant was , " We 're Americans , dammit . "
It was more of a patriotic statement .
And immediately , we get on the bus and he 's talking on the phone to someone at headquarters , central command , and he 's saying , " I was taken out of context . "
And I think he was .
He seemed uncertain about the issues .
[ Jeb defends the early bailouts , the ones implemented by his brother . ]
If there was n't any support , given the intricate nature of all these credit - default swaps , you could have had an unraveling of the financial system .
So I 'm not sure there was another choice .
There may have been a different means of doing it .
[ Bush laughs when he hears that Joe the Plumber briefed House Republicans on Gaza .
He does n't seem to really believe it .
Brother and son of recent Republican presidents , he does n't seem to fully understand what 's going on in the party his family has dominated for more than two decades .
" Joe the Plumber ?
Really ? " he says .
" Well , that ... Really ? "
In response , he mounts a defense of erudition and expertise . ]
I think it 's okay to have a deeper understanding of things .
I think it 's okay to talk in three - syllable words .
The world we 're living in is incredibly complex .
And simplifying things to the point where you 're misunderstanding where we are as a nation is n't going to help people overcome their fears or give them hope that they can achieve great things .
I do n't get inspired by shameless populism .
Who are the leaders of the Republican party ?
I think you need to put it in the proper context .
Barack Obama was a state senator five years ago .
So the next generation of leaders are going to be people we probably do n't even know .
I do n't think we need to worry about that quite yet .
If there 's going to be a resurgence of the Republican party or the conservative movement , I think it 's going to require some patience and some humility — less personal ambition and more advocacy of ideas and how they relate to people .
[ That said , Bush reels off a list anyway . ]
Newt is fantastic .
He 's an idea generator .
[ Jeb says he e-mails him . ]
The guy has a twenty - first - century mind .
[ He mentions " the conservative mayor of St. Petersburg , Rick Baker . "
Also , Mitch Daniels , governor of Indiana . ]
I love Bobby Jindal .
He 's the real deal .
[ Not on list : Sarah Palin , Mitt Romney , Mike Huckabee . ]
Continued : --> >>>
Chris Buck
[ Interesting fact 1 : Jeb has never met Obama . ]
Is Obama a socialist ?
I do n't know .
Define socialism for me .
It 's a word ...
I believe he 's a collectivist .
He believes that through collective action , through government , you can solve more problems .
But ...
Socialism is pejorative in America , so people stop listening .
People are tired of it .
That word wo n't stick .
It 's a turnoff .
It does n't help .
[ Rejecting pejoratives to describe Obama , Jeb nonetheless mounts his central case against the president . ]
It 's important for people who have a different view to explain the breathtaking , dramatic expansion of government .
I mean , breathtaking .
Unprecedented .
This year 's fiscal deficit will be $ 1.8 trillion .
It 's his deficit .
He owns it .
$ 1.8 trillion .
That 's 12 percent of our gross national product .
The scope of government will — when you add federal , state , and local government on a net basis — consume at least a third of our economic activity .
The deficits projected go out as far as the eye can see .
President Obama says he will cut the deficit in half .
Well , he 'll cut it from $ 1.8 trillion to $ 900 billion — almost a trillion based on rosy GNP numbers for the next five years .
The debt that will be created in his four years as president will exceed the debt that was created by all presidents before him .
These are numbers that once people understand the scale of them , they 'll be very concerned about .
What 's the alternative ?
The alternative is to take time - tested practices and convert them to the world we live in .
Which means you 're going to cut taxes and cut spending .
Do n't people like spending more than they dislike deficits ?
That 's the conventional wisdom .
I believe that big - government conservatism is an oxymoron .
Is n't that what we just had for the last eight years ?
It was , to the extent that my brother was unable to get the Congress to go along with meaningful entitlement reform , although he tried , which by the way the Republicans were not supportive of .
It was because we fought a war , and we had to build a homeland - defense structure that did n't exist .
But I think my brother gets a bad rap about the general idea that there were massive amounts of spending beyond those two things .
What about the prescription - drug benefit ?
Well , that 's true .
That would be one place where the government did expand pretty dramatically .
And there was no reform attached to it per se .
The interest on the debt , and Medicare alone , will weaken our country to the point where we 're not going to have the same influence that we need to have , or should have , or want to have in the world .
[ Interesting fact 2 : Jeb likes Secretary of Education Arne Duncan a lot .
" When there 's common ground , embrace it . " ]
Were you tempted to get into the presidential race last year ?
No .
I do n't organize my life around political ambition .
I do try to allocate enough time to help people with policy .
When you 're talking about running for something , it requires an all - in commitment , and I do n't have the luxury of doing that right now .
I 've got to achieve some degree of financial security for my family .
I had a chance to be governor .
That was close to a ten - year experience when you count the two years it took to run .
So after 2006 , it was really time to refocus toward making sure that I can achieve some degree of security for my family .
You 're too young to know this , but the measure of achieving that is different for different people , but the best barometer is — the benchmark is , the goal is — not if you die .
If you 're the breadwinner of the family , it 's not if you die , it 's if you 're disabled .
And so it 's a higher bar , but it 's the more appropriate one .
So why not run ?
[ Jeb gets agitated . ]
Frankly I do n't wake up each day assuming I 'm the solution to life 's problems .
I think there will be emerging people who have a combination of great ideas , a great ability to communicate those ideas in a relevant way to people , and the ambition necessary to run .
You need all three .
I am content to be part of the larger effort that creates the fertile ground for those candidates to run .
To me , it 's flattering when people seek my views .
What about those who say your last name prevented you from being president ?
It does n't bother me .
I feel blessed .
I have a blessed life .
I do n't feel like life has been unfair at all .
I got to be governor of a fantastic state .
I got to do what I said I was going to do .
[ Interesting fact 3 : Jeb likes GOP chairman Michael Steele .
" It 's way too early to give him grades . " ]
[ Lightning round . ]
Okay , give me your forty - five - second pitch for a Republican future .
[ Bush outlines four points , speaking for more than fourteen minutes .
It 's worth noting here that after two years out of the governor 's mansion , Bush seems a little out of practice at this interview business . ]
We need to empower people to be taking advantage , to turn their fears into opportunities in a variety of different areas .
It seems to me four areas of greatest concern right now , outside of foreign policy , which is a whole other subject .
[ On education . ]
Are we educating our kids properly ?
Are enough of our children gaining the power of knowledge in the current system ?
The answer is unequivocally no .
So we should have more school choice , we should have more pay for performance , we should be raising standards , not lowering standards , we should embrace technology in a radical way , we should have " seat time " eliminated .
[ Timidly . ]
Seat time ?
You show up for 180 days , you graduate .
It should be based on what you learned ...
People learn differently .
It 's a simple fact that our education system ignores .
We 're living in a world now where in order to create high - wage jobs , you have to have knowledge - based workers .
There is no way to do that unless they have the basic building blocks of being able to think abstractly , understand math and science , be able to read , maybe once in a while express a thought in a three - syllable word , preferably do so in more than one language , and have a sense of history , because it has this crazy way of repeating itself .
I do n't think our education system in America is acceptable right now .
[ On health care . ]
Have you ever gone to HHS [ the Department of Health and Human Services ] ?
Have you gone to CMS , the Centers for Medicare / Medicaid ?
It 's scary .
That 's going to be the marketplace for health care if Democrats have their way .
Senator McCain had a fantastic health - care proposal that he had a hard time explaining , that said that basically you should empower people , individuals , to make choices , and they should be rewarded when they make choices that improve health - care outcomes .
Under Obama , we 're going to create a system that 's not focused on quality ; it 's focused on access to care .
You end up insuring fewer people the more government expands its insurance .
People drop out of the private market .
For every person the government takes on the rolls , there 's an equal number of people leaving the private sector .
We 're like gerbils running in place .
We 're not expanding health - care access per se .
There are all sorts of technologies now that exist that allow us to improve health - care outcomes if we organize our system differently .
[ The budget is the third point . ]
If you put a performance review on almost any government program , there 's always a better way of doing things .
[ Energy is the fourth point . ]
We do n't have control over our energy sources , and it puts us in a vulnerable position .
[ Conservatives need to be involved in the discussion about alternative fuels , Bush says . ]
We 're the only country in the world that would consider it appropriate policy not to take advantage of our own natural resources to provide stable , low - cost sources of energy .
[ A pause .
A moment of reflection . ]
In this interim period , we have to pay for our sins and show some humility .
What are those sins ?
We did n't advocate our positions well enough to win .
We 're all sinners under God 's watchful eye .
There 's a road to redemption .
But the road to redemption requires some humility and some patience .
To campaign on these ideas is a good way to do it .
It 's not about a person 's ambition .
It 's about the power of these ideas .
And they need to be developed thoughtfully , with the input of a whole lot of people and the advice of a whole lot of people .
It does n't have to be in Washington .
It can grow organically ...
I 'm going to be involved as best I can .
[ Interesting fact 4 : Jeb talks to Congressman Eric Cantor a lot .
Interesting fact 5 : He no longer subscribes to the Huffington Post .
" I stopped .
I got tired of it . " ]
What do you read every day ?
I read The New York Times .
I read The Wall Street Journal .
I read the Sayfie Review , which is about Florida politics .
I 'm reading a wild book .
It 's The Singularity Is Near .
[ The Singularity Is Near : When Humans Transcend Biology , by Ray Kurzweil ]
The book is about how technology is going to overtake the human mind .
There 's basically like an L - shaped advancement that 's going to take place .
There 's a convergence of our own intellectual capacities and technology .
There 's going to be a merger , and we 're going to , this guy believes , live in an era of unbelievable intelligence and advancement .
It 's wild .
Do you buy that ?
I 'm reading to learn .
At that , Bush 's secretary ( the only employee in his office on that day ) hands him a sheet of directions for his next meeting , which is downtown .
We walk out to his car , and he looks a bit uncertain as to where he 's heading .
" You 're driving yourself ? " I ask , incredulous .
Bush looks at me and snorts .
" What 's the alternative ? "
RELATED STORIES :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
[ ]
Fearful symmetry ?
Flyers free agent goalie Antero Niittymäki is reportedly about to sign with Atlant Mytishchi of the K.H.L. , where he will replace Ray Emery , who last month signed with … the Flyers .
What immortal hand or eye ?…
The notion of what amounts to a Niittymä ki - for - Emery swap compels us to look at the player traffic back and forth between the N.H.L. and K.H.L .
As you ’ll remember , last season that traffic was highly contentious as the new Russian league , then flush with money , flexed its muscles over past grievances with the N.H.L .
The breaking point came when Alexander Radulov jumped his Nashville contract to join Salavat Yualev , a move that the K.H.L. justified because there was ( and continues to be ) no transfer agreement between the Russian and North American leagues .
Things have settled down since , with both leagues vowing not to sign away players under contract — and with K.H.L. owners and sponsors suffering from financial shortfalls brought about by last year ’s drop in world oil prices .
This summer ’s traffic across the ocean has been much less controversial — with one major exception . [
The transfer period still has a month and a half left to go , and already it has included some big names .
Below , players who have switched from the K.H.L. to the N.H.L. , or vice versa , since the end of the N.H.L. regular season :
7/9 : G Antero Niittymäki
From Philadelphia Flyers ( NHL ) to Atlant Mytishchi ( KHL ) 7/8 : F Jiri Hudler
From Detroit Red Wings ( NHL ) to Dinamo Moscow ( KHL ) 7/6 : D Joel Kwiatkowski
From SKA St. Petersburg ( KHL ) to Atlanta Thrashers ( NHL ) *** 7/5 : D Steve McCarthy
From Salavat Yulaev Ufa ( KHL ) to Anaheim Ducks ( NHL ) 6/25 : F Sergei Fedorov
From Washington Capitals ( NHL ) to Metallurg Magnitogorsk ( KHL )
6/10 : G Ray Emery
From Atlant Mytishchi ( KHL ) to Philadelphia Flyers ( NHL ) 6/9 : F Viktor Kozlov
From Washington Capitals ( NHL ) to Salavat Yulaev Ufa ( KHL ) 5/29 : F Marek Zagrapan
From Buffalo Sabres ( NHL ) to Severstal Cherepovets ( KHL ) 5/1 : G Mikael Tellqvist
From Buffalo Sabres ( NHL ) to Ak Bars Kazan ( KHL ) 4/30 : F Richard Zednik
From Florida Panthers ( NHL ) to Lokomotiv Yaroslavl ( KHL )
*** SKA is protesting the Thrashers ’ signing of Kwiatkowski , contending that the defenceman signed a two - year contract with the St. Petersburg club after playing for Severstal Cherepovets last season .
As noted on the blog Kukla ’s Korner , quoting a report from the site Russia Today , SKA are saying that the signing breaks the “ gentlemen ’s agreement ” between the K.H.L. and N.H.L. not to sign away players under contract .
SKA ’s president is Alexander Medvedev , who is also president of the K.H.L. and Russia ’s representative to the I.I.H.F. — and the key figure in last summer ’s transfer disputes between the N.H.L. and K.H.L .
Squid have come to the California coast before , like this one in 2005 Scuba divers off the Californian city of San Diego are being menaced by large numbers of jumbo squid .
The beaked Humboldt squid , which grow up to 5ft ( 1.5 metres ) long , arrived off the city 's shores last week .
Divers have reported unnerving encounters with the creatures , which are carnivorous and can be aggressive .
One diver described how one of the rust - coloured creatures ripped the buoyancy aid and light from her chest , and grabbed her with its tentacles .
" I just kicked like crazy , " diver Shanda Magill told the Associated Press news agency .
" The first thing you think of is : ' Oh my gosh , I do n't know if I 'm going to survive this . '
If that squid wanted to hurt me , it would have . "
Shanda Magill holds the buoyancy aid and light that the squid ripped from her
The creatures - also known as jumbo flying squid - do not affect swimmers because they remain deeper in the water .
But dozens have been washing up on beaches in the area .
" The ones that we are getting right now have a big beak on them , like a large parrot beak , " San Diego 's Union - Tribune quoted John Hyde of the National Marine Fisheries Service as saying earlier in the week .
" They could take a chunk of flesh off you . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
' Ram you '
Diver and amateur underwater cameraman Roger Uzun said he swam with a group of squid for about 20 minutes .
They seemed curious about him , he said , and appeared to be touching him and his wetsuit with their tentacles to see if he was edible .
" As soon as we went underwater and turned on the video lights , there they were .
They would ram into you , they kept hitting the back of my head , " he told AP .
It is not the first time the squid , which can weigh up to 45kg ( 7 stone ) , have taken up residence off California 's coast .
In January 2005 hundreds of them washed up off the coast of Orange County , to the north , and in 2002 a similar invasion was reported near San Diego .
Scientists say they do not know why the squid - which usually live in deep waters further south off Mexico and Central America - have come so close in .
But one expert , Nigella Hillgarth of the San Diego - based Scripps Institution of Oceanography , told AP it was possible that the squid had established a year - round population off California .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Those 140 - character " microblog " posts to Twitter do n't constitute much more than links , dinner recipes , and bitching , right ?
Be careful with the bitching , though — a property management company in Chicago has filed a lawsuit against a tenant who tweeted an off - the - cuff comment about the company .
The company , Horizon Group Management , says that the Twitter user in question sent the message maliciously , and is now asking for $ 50,000 in damages .
It all started when Twitter user @abonnen ( Amanda Bonnen , who has since deleted her Twitter account ) said to a friend on May 12 , " You should just come anyway .
Who said sleeping in a moldy apartment was bad for you ?
Horizon realty thinks it 's okay . "
At the time of the tweet , Bonnen 's profile was public ( meaning that everyone could read her Twitter stream ) and she had about 20 followers .
Horizon must have been monitoring its mentions on Twitter — as many companies do these days — because someone there saw the tweet and immediately got moving with legal action .
In its complaint , Horizon says that the tweet was " wholly false " and that the company has been " greatly injured in its reputation as a landlord in Chicago . "
It is suing Bonnen on the grounds that her tweet was defamatory , she damaged the company 's reputation and business , and that she should be liable for the damages .
There are several reasons why this lawsuit is breaking new ground , not the least of which is its Twitter origin .
There is much debate as to whether people 's Twitter streams are more like blogs — which are increasingly being held to the same legal standards as regular media when it comes to defamation — or a giant chat room , where most people presume " anything goes . "
It may actually be somewhere in between , but the one problem with trying to hold tweets to a higher journalistic standard is the hard character limitation — it 's difficult to back up your comments within 140 characters ( or even within several 140 - character tweets ) , plus links to sources or pictures of evidence .
As it turns out , Horizon made no effort to sort out this issue with Bonnen before filing the lawsuit .
Horizon owner Jeffrey Michael told the Chicago Sun-Times that the company had never spoken to Bonnen about the tweet and never asked her to take it down .
" We 're a sue first , ask questions later kind of an organization , " he said .
The company has now managed to position itself as one that a lot renters and prospective homeowners would n't want to do business with , unlike those that monitor their reputations on Twitter to address customer service issues .
Zipcar , Boingo , one of my local pizza places , and even Allstate and Comcast have all swooped in to help out Ars staffers in need after we have aired some complaints .
Even if Bonnen really had no mold and Horizon was technically innocent , the bad PR from this move will surely do more damage than Bonnen 's message to 20 of her best Twitter friends .
Update : Horizon Realty has issued a press release ( PDF ) that claims the previous comments issued by Jeffrey Michael were " tongue in cheek . "
The company says that there was a roof leak in March of 2009 and that Bonnen moved out of her apartment in June of 2009 despite there being no mold in her apartment .
She then sued the company and Horizon discovered her tweet as part of their " due diligence " regarding the lawsuit .
That apparently brings us to where we are today and Horizon 's lawsuit against Bonnen .
Further reading :
Listing image by Moldy fruit by Flickr user Crystalline Radical
29 September 2020 - The Lok Sabha has passed three new labour codes , namely the Industrial Relations Code Bill , 2020 , Code on Social Security Bill , 2020 and the Occupational Safefty , Health and Working Conditions Code Bill , 2020 .
The Indian Government has been working towards amalgamating 44 central Labour Acts into four codes in order to simplify Indian Labour Legislation .
28 September 2020 - Covid - 19 cases have topped the 6 million mark in India .
But despite the continued march of the illness , the government is unlikely to reimpose the lockdown it has gradually lifted , after the harsh restrictions battered the economy and wrecked the livelihoods of millions of people , particularly the poor . , say reports .
How has your work been affected by the pandemic ?
The performance specialists over at Senner Tuning have just released a new styling package for the Nissan 350Z Convertible with various options including both exterior and interior enhancements .
The first thing that really pops out at you is the aerodynamics kit of the Senner 350Z THUNDER , which includes a much larger rear spoiler than stock along with some Lambo - style “ LSD ” doors .
The Senner Nissan 350Z is also outfitted with plenty of chrome which finds its way onto the grill , gas cap and all emblems .
The Senner Nissan 350Z includes a power pack for the 3.5 V6 engine ( 301 hp stock ) , which boosts engine output to 338 hp .
The performance increase comes from engine management software optimization and the help of a Carbon Airbox and new sport exhaust system with titanium tailpipes .
The Senner THUNDER has a lowered suspension and rides on 20 ″ Work VS - KF alloy wheels measuring 20×9 up front and 20 ×10 in the rear .
Unfortunately there are no performance figures available yet on the Senner 350Z THUNDER .
Source : Senner Tuning
HOME prices in the United States have been falling for nearly three years , and the decline may well continue for some time .
Even the federal government has projected price decreases through 2010 .
As a baseline , the stress tests recently performed on big banks included a total fall in housing prices of 41 percent from 2006 through 2010 .
Their “ more adverse ” forecast projected a drop of 48 percent  suggesting that important housing ratios , like price to rent , and price to construction cost  would fall to their lowest levels in 20 years .
Such long , steady housing price declines seem to defy both common sense and the traditional laws of economics , which assume that people act rationally and that markets are efficient .
Why would a sensible person watch the value of his home fall for years , only to sell for a big loss ?
Why not sell early in the cycle ?
If people acted as the efficient - market theory says they should , prices would come down right away , not gradually over years , and these cycles would be much shorter .
But something is definitely different about real estate .
Long declines do happen with some regularity .
And despite the uptick last week in pending home sales and recent improvement in consumer confidence , we still appear to be in a continuing price decline .
Security forces poured into Maiduguri earlier in the week Nigerian security forces have stormed a mosque where militants from an Islamic sect blamed for days of deadly violence have been hiding out .
Reports say scores of fighters were killed in the assault , which came after a third night of gun battles in the northern city of Maiduguri .
Many of the militants have now fled , attacking police stations on their way .
The group , known as Boko Haram , wants to overthrow the government and impose a strict version of Islamic law .
Reports from the city on Thursday said the fighting had stopped and the streets were quiet .
In a short while we believe that everyone will be able to go about his normal duties
Chris Olukolade
Army spokesman
The assault by the security forces came after 1,000 extra soldiers were drafted into the city .
Army commander Major General Saleh Maina told the Associated Press that the deputy leader of the sect was killed in the bombardment .
But he said Mohammed Yusuf , leader of the group also known as " Taliban " , escaped along with about 300 followers .
An AP reporter who watched the storming of the mosque on Wednesday night and counted about 50 bodies inside the building and another 50 in the courtyard .
Civilian casualties ?
Army spokesman Chris Olukolade told the BBC's Network Africa programme that law and order had now been restored in Maiduguri .
" The enclave of the people causing the problem has been brought under better control and in a short while we believe that everyone will be able to go about his normal duties in that area , " he said .
Nigeria 's ' Taliban ' enigma Eyewitness : Nigeria attacks Fear and tension after attack Nigerian attacks :
Your reaction
The government eased curfew restrictions overnight , allowing people in the city more time on the streets in the evening .
The BBC's Caroline Duffield , in Nigeria , says the state governor has warned that anyone harbouring members of Boko Haram will be dealt with harshly .
But allegations are emerging that the security forces have killed innocent civilians and opened fire indiscriminately as they tackled the militants .
One eyewitness told the BBC he had seen three young men shot dead at close range while they were kneeling on the floor with their arms in the air .
The military strenuously denies claims it has caused civilian casualties .
' All necessary action '
The latest deaths would mean about 300 people have been killed in four days of clashes since an estimated 1,000 militants began attacking police stations and government buildings in several cities in northern Nigeria .
President Umaru Yar 'Adua has ordered Nigeria 's national security agencies to take all necessary action to contain and repel attacks by the extremists .
Security forces flooded into Maiduguri and began shelling Mr Yusuf 's compound on Tuesday , after militants had attacked the city 's police headquarters .
The violence broke out in Bauchi State on Sunday , before spreading to the states of Borno , particularly the state capital Maiduguri , Kano and Yobe .
Sharia law is in place across northern Nigeria , but there is no history of al - Qaeda - linked violence in the country .
The country 's 150 million people are split almost equally between Muslims in the north and Christians in the south .
Are you in Nigeria ?
Have you been affected by the clashes ?
Send us your comments .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Queensland Police say a new stringent
Taser monitoring body will minimise the risk of officers becoming trigger - happy .
While a report into Queensland Police 's 12 - month trial of Tasers - made public yesterday - found the stun guns had been an " effective use - of - force option " , it identified " Taser creep " and over - reliance as key risks associated with the controversial weapons .
The report , which concluded Tasers were " safe and effective " , came three weeks after a statewide roll - out of the controversial weapons was halted following the death of a man in north Queensland .
Taser creep , as defined in the report , is the risk that , over time , the devices " begin to be used in situations beyond their intended use " .
Police Commissioner Bob Atkinson said he was concerned about officers ' tendency to rely on the Taser as a " weapon of choice " rather than properly considering the alternatives .
This Fourth of July , as Americans think about freedom and wonder at its costs , think for a moment of a future where art is not permitted .
Take , for example , the sci - fi classic , " Fahrenheit 451 , " in which Ray Bradbury described a future where art and books are banned and burned by a totalitarian government .
Artists in that future responded by memorizing books , literally preserving them in their minds .
The controversies that arise related to artistic freedom range from paintings and film to banned books and provocative movies .
It is sometimes a surprise in a democracy , but the case can be made that the desire of governments to control art stems from their fear of the power of truth in art .
To grasp the real - life significance of artists as political agents we have only to remember Cambodia , Russia , Czechoslovakia , and China .
In those countries , as in Latin America , the first citizens sent to the gulag or the " reeducation camp " were the artists .
It 's no coincidence that repressive governments often go after poets , painters , and playwrights .
The artistic sensibility and the practice of making art create a habit of asking questions and – when a political structure is fragile – the right question and one artist can bring the whole thing down .
Pablo Neruda did it in Chile by using poetry and fiction to undermine and ultimately overturn a regime , and Vaclav Havel used plays and poems similarly in the former Czechoslovakia .
In the United States , we do n't murder artists but we do have culturally specific weapons for killing their work :
We lower their status , minimize their contributions , and we cut their funding .
We also belittle artists by suggesting that their opinions are irrelevant .
It does n't make sense .
We accord legitimacy to attorneys and professors , and we let business leaders posit their perspectives on current affairs , but we deny that respect to those who have the most highly developed skill in sorting through rhetoric and images .
Consider : Was Picasso irrelevant ?
Tolstoy ?
Dostoyevsky ?
Solzhenitsyn ?
Solzhenitsyn's criticisms of the Soviet government were taken seriously by the White House as Washington developed its strategy and policy with the former Soviet Union .
" Art serves to battle lies and preserve the moral history of a society without the transitory and debasing rhetoric of bureaucrats , " that celebrated poet and novelist said in his Nobel lecture .
Edward Said , the great political philosopher , wrote , " Language behaves , it follows power , but art does not behave , it stands out and stands against . "
Art provides contrast to the dominant messages of our culture so that we can clearly see them .
We have a wonderful example with well - loved American artist Norman Rockwell , who used his work to comment on civic , social , and political issues .
His paintings for The Saturday Evening Post and Look magazine covers raised provocative questions about the impact of war , religious intolerance , civil rights , and poverty in America .
Art concentrates thought and emotion .
Artists see underlying truths and reflect them back to us .
Artists grab us by the front of our shirts and make us look .
Right or wrong , pleasant or disturbing , they make us think .
And it is thinking that is at the center of , and the true requirement for , citizenship in a democracy .
Artists ask us to see what is and to imagine what might be .
On July 4 , when we consider those things that preserve our freedom – the laws and the wars , the courts and the candidates – we must not forget that art , too , is part of the process .
Diane Cameron is a freelance writer .
This essay was previously published in the Times Union , a newspaper serving New York 's Capital Region .
We urge everyone to attend the following events ! -
If Americans knew
ISRAEL'S ATTACK ON USS LIBERTY - ATTEND EVENTS IN WASHINGTON , DC 6-8-09
This is an urgent appeal to get involved on June 8 , 2009 !
Please forward this information to others for a big turnout !!
Many of us are working with Ernie Gallo , President of the USS Liberty Veterans Association in order to force a thorough and unbiased investigation of Israel 's attack on the USS Liberty Ship on June 8 , 1967 , that resulted in the murder of 34 and the wounding of 174 crew members .
For decades , those aboard the USS Liberty were threatened with a possible ten - thousand dollar fine , ten years of Imprisonment and other dire consequences if they revealed the truth about this unwarranted attack .
The cover -up of this unprecedented slaughter of US military personnel by a foreign country - Israel - is considered to be the second day of infamy and is one of the most guarded secrets in US history by a number of Americans who committed acts of treason .
Every American should know what happened , get involved , stay involved and never forget !
One more time . . .
Israel attacked America , lied about it and since then has damaged America beyond one 's imagination .
It is time our spineless politicians and too many Americans stop pledging allegiance to Israel .
You are invited and encouraged to participate by joining the survivors of the Liberty and others in Washington , DC - especially at the White House ; by forwarding this notice to others ; by writing press releases for your local newspaper ; by encouraging radio and TV hosts to discuss the issue with or without survivors ; by notifying others in your community and encouraging them to participate ; by airing relevant films in your community and on community TV and by calling and writing President Obama , Senators , Congressmen , newspapers , neighbors , et al .
Schedule of events on June 8 , 2009 , in Washington , DC :
12 PM , Arlington National Cemetery :
The survivors , relatives and others will attend the annual ceremony at the Arlington National Cemetery that honors those who died in the attack .
3 PM United States Navy Memorial , 701 Pennsylvania Ave , NW , Washington , DC : For all to attend the dedication of a model of the USS Liberty Ship .
There may also be an appearance by James Scott , the son of a surviving Liberty officer , a journalist and author of a new book , " The Attack on the Liberty : The Untold Story of Israel 's Deadly 1967 Assault on a US Spy Ship . "
This ceremony is hosted by the Presidential Commission on Remembrance .
5 PM AT The White House : Many of the survivors of the USS Liberty , their supporters , concerned citizens , reporters and others will be meeting at the gates of the White House to present for President and Mrs. Obama a painting of the USS Liberty Ship , a Liberty memorial jacket and a Liberty hat of the USS Liberty Ship .
They will ask to meet with the President and plead with him to order a thorough and unbiased investigation of Israel 's attempt to sink the USS Liberty and kill all 294 Americans on board .
Transcript :
Man 1 : %$# Bush !
Man 2 : He 's our president .
If you do n't support him , you 're a traitor !
Woman :
That 's ridiculous !
Dissent is patriotic !
New dross , same as the old dross Man 1 : " $ #@ Obama ! " ??
Traitor !
Man 2 : Puh -leez .
The United States does not equal the President .
Woman :
Go back to post soviet Rusia , AMerica hater !!)
Promoting the release of Red Faction Guerrilla in London , THQ yesterday packed a car with 100 copies of the game , chained a sledgehammer to it , and let nature take its course .
Advertisement
Sounds like a completely appropriate and amazingly creative way to promotion the new Red Faction game , in which smashing things with a sledgehammer accounts for a vast majority of the fun to be had .
Over the course of the day , hundreds of passers - by took up arms against the innocent vehicle , many walking away with copies of the game for the PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360 , while many just felt like beating a car to death .
THQ PR manager Simon Watts explains .
" Because Red Faction Guerrilla features the world 's most realistic destruction engine , we thought that it would make for an interesting experiment to find out how many people , going about their everyday business , would stop in a busy city street to work out some stress by smashing their way into a car to earn a copy of the brand new game . "
Advertisement
Brilliant .
If there 's one thing missing from my day - to - day life , it 's opportunities to hit things with sledgehammers .
I shall have to rectify that .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Legendary investor Warren Buffett said in an interview aired on Thursday unemployment could hit 11 percent and a second stimulus package might be needed as the economy struggles to recover from recession .
Billionaire investor Warren Buffett , chief executive officer of Berkshire Hathaway , smiles as he meets hedge fund manager Zhao Danyang ( not pictured ) who placed the winning bid in a charity auction for lunch with Buffett at New York 's famous steak house , Smith &Wollensky , June 24 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Chip East
Buffett , the billionaire founder of Berkshire Hathaway , said Americans suffered “ a shock to the system ” from the economic difficulties in the final quarter of last year but had started to rebound .
“ We ’re not in a freefall , but we ’re not in a recovery either , ” he told ABC ’s “ Good Morning America . ”
“ We were in a freefall really in the last quarter of last year , starting in the financial markets and spreading to the economy , and we had this huge change in behavior . ”
Buffett , a supporter of President Barack Obama during last year ’s election campaign , said a second economic stimulus package might be needed .
The Obama administration says it does not see a need for a second stimulus yet .
“ I think a second one may well be called for .
It is not a panacea .
A stimulus is the right thing .
You hope it does n’t get watered down , ” he said .
He likened the first $ 787 billion stimulus package passed by Congress to “ half a tablet of Viagra and then having also a bunch of candy mixed in --- it does n’t have really quite the wallop . ”
Buffett said unemployment had “ a ways to go ” and he would not be surprised to see it hit 11 percent before it recovers .
“ I ’m not predicting it but no that would not surprise me , ” he said of the 11 percent figure .
“ We ’re going to come out of this better than ever , the best days of America lie ahead but not next week or next month , ” he said .
Guitar
Hero is one of those games that eventually becomes hard to review .
Every few months , we end up getting a new addition to the genre and series .
With Guitar Hero : World Tour , Metallica and Aerosmith all releasing in the last year , not to mention all of the Rock Bands , it ’s hard for one iteration to stand out from the crowd .
Instead of having a fully detailed review of the game mechanics and whatnot , we ’ll just cover the new content and additions that Smash Hits brings to the series .
Guitar Hero : Smash
Hits groups together all of the fan favorites from GH : 1 , 2 and 3 as well as GH : 80 ’s and Aerosmith for a total of 48 songs .
All songs are sung by the original groups and can now be played with the bass or drums , and even be sung .
The story in GH : Smash Hits is all new as well .
The God of Rock approaches you and your bandmates , and asks that you leave behind your money and your mansions for the chance to come out and perform again .
There are seven different venues to perform in , and all of them have the charm the previous games had .
The game plays exactly like you would expect a Guitar Hero game to play .
If you never have played one before , the concept is quite simple .
You have to hold the color buttons on the guitar and strum in rhythm with the buttons on the screen .
This concept is easy to learn but hard to master , which is precisely why the series is so popular to begin with .
The create - a- character feature is also included in this version .
From hair to tattoos , and everything in between , the options are pretty much endless .
Also included in this version is the create - a- song option , which will put your music writing skills to the test .
Create it , play it , and then share it with the world on the online store .
Even though most custom songs tend to be pretty bad , you can still find some gems if you look hard enough .
The visuals are just as cheesy and bad as prior entries in the series .
The characters move in a rigid manner , and walk the ‘ uncanny valley ’ with style and aplomb ( i.e. they look really freaky ) .
With the create - a- character feature , you can add more entertaining looking characters than what ’s provided .
But in general , you can tell the visuals were not much of a concern when they made this game .
The most important part though is the sound , and every song is done wonderfully .
All songs are derived from the master tracks , and sung by the original artist .
This is a nice change from previous Guitar Hero titles , which relied on what were essentially covers of the original songs .
The online features are pretty decent , having you compete in either Face - Off or Pro Face - Off against a single player .
And if you have some friends around , you and your group can compete against other bands .
The only thing that holds it back are the occasional online connection issues .
What ’s sad though is that the track list has less than 50 songs , which is almost 30 less than some of the older games .
Since all of these songs are from older Guitar Hero ’s , the developer felt compelled to reorganize the button layouts .
And unfortunately , not all of the reworked note patterns work well .
And since the song list is made up of tracks from previous games , the only draw of Smash Hits is being able to play through the master versions rather than covers .
Also , a big problem is that there ’s absolutely no access to the PlayStation Store through this game .
Overall Guitar Hero : Smash
Hits is a well done game .
All of the features from the previous games are included and the online play , as always , is well done .
What really is the determining factor for this game is how much you have played it in the past .
If you ’re new to the series this is n’t a bad choice , but the lack of access to the PS Store is a glaring mishap .
If you are a veteran to the series then this brings absolutely nothing new to the series and really is a waste of money .
Also , you can always pick up the older games for a lot cheaper .
Are you a corporation in need of a new factory to build your wares ?
Are you looking to engender the good faith of the American people ?
Then , you are in luck .
Small towns across the country are begging for you to set up shop in their town .
Today 's example :
The citizens of Connersville , Indiana .
These good people plan on holding a rally , with the governor in attendence , to get clean tech cop car startup , Carbon , to rennovate a factory there .
Carbon says it is trying to decide who will get blessed with 1,300 new factory jobs when it opens its $ 350 million facility .
It 's between Connersville , Indiana , Greenville South Carolina and Aiken and Braselton , Georgia .
The only catch ?
According to The State , " Carbon officials have declined to discuss whether it has the financing for the project or name anyone who has placed advanced orders for more than 10,000 of its vehicles .
So , there it is .
All you have to do is promise that maybe you can build a factory , and people will gather and beg you to come to town .
image : Carbon Motors Blog
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
From the
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:01 , archived ) From the Shatner ! challenge .
See all 362 entries ( closed ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:01 ,
FUCK
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:02 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:02 ,
holy mutated fuck .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:53 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:53 ,
That 's how it 's done .
Did for me anyway .
archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 5:01 ,
Wheee !
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 5:17 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 5:17 ,
this is worse than car sickness
EDIT : i can imagine this as a wall in DOOM or QUAKE ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:02 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:02 ,
khaaan sickness ?
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:03 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:03 ,
FUHHHH
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:03 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:03 ,
AAA AAAAAAAAAAAA
archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:04 ,
archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:17 ,
I hope to one day live in a house with a roof like this
google maps would love me ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:21 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:21 ,
Is there a way to load an animated GIF into CS4 without losing the frames ?
It seems kind of shit that it wo n't do it by default .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:25 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:25 ,
god knows
i still use image ready for gifs , it all went crap with cs3 ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:42 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:42 ,
It looks like it can't be done .
How incredibly shit !
The only way I can see is using another tool to split the gif out into seperate frames , and load them all in to CS4 .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:47 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:47 ,
photoshop still has imageready 's capabilities though
if you open the animation window ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:48 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:48 ,
That 's only partially true , unfortunately .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:21 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:21 ,
which part ?
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:36 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:36 ,
I mean really mofaha you should just sort out your CMYK settings and stop blaming the code
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:39 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:39 ,
I can't sRGBelieve it !
I 'm not long back from seeing David Byrne in PA .
It was good .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 8:09 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 8:09 ,
HELL YES
He was out here a while ago but I could n't get anyone to come along and the tickets were $ 150 so I did n't go ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 8:28 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 8:28 ,
well , all i used imageready for was the frames window and the optimization
and you get the frames window if you click on animation under the window tab , and the optimization if you click " save for web " .
Anything else imageready was good for , I never knew about ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:43 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:43 ,
Yes it did .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:12 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:12 ,
Yes you can , but there 's no way of doing it and preserving transparancy .
file - import - folders as frames
Then in the filename bit type *.* and hit load / open .
That should then allow you to select any filetype including gifs .
Fucking backward .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:51 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:51 ,
oh dear me .
Thanks though , that 's better than nothing .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:55 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:55 ,
archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:56 ,
archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 5:45 ,
E.T. PHONE KHAAAAN
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 5:51 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 5:51 ,
Why do I see Ooomp Loompas in this one ?
:) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 10:59 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 10:59 ,
Yeah this is where I step in with my usual moan .
There is also no way to preserve frame timings when you import a .gif into cs4 , regardless of how you do it .
So if the original gif relies on lots of different frame delays , you 'll have to reconstruct it once it 's imported into the stack .
A minor change to what Jeru said : in cs4 you 'll probably need to use File -> Import -> Video Frames To Layers .
The rest of his advice still holds .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:19 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:19 ,
CHRIS COX IS GOING TO HUNT YOU DOWN FOR SAYING THAT
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:44 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:44 ,
THE IRONY IS THAT BECAUSE I'M B&
THEY HAVE TO PRETEND NOT TO SEE ME ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 8:10 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 8:10 ,
NO I'M PRETTY SURE THAT DOESN'T COUNT IRL
YEAH I CHECKED A LAWBOOK AND IT SAYS THAT IT DOESN'T COUNT IRL ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 8:37 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 8:37 ,
ono
archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:32 ,
ONONONONONONO
archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:34 ,
Shatrix .
Yeah , that 's the best I can come up with .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:36 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:36 ,
it 's like zwahhhhhhhhhhhhh man
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:40 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:40 ,
hmmm a nice tranquil Shatnerfall
archived ) ( , Sun 7 Jun 2009 , 18:07 ,
Cloaking device on !
Edit : board squeeze .
See it properly here Edit : board squeeze .
See it properly here www.b3ta.com/board/9501755 archived ) ( , Sun 7 Jun 2009 , 18:15 ,
the waterfall of liquid shat
you could drown in that ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:44 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:44 ,
this is what hell looks like
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:52 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:52 ,
Magic ( brown ) eye
That 's like one of them weird 3D illusion pictures .
Or something .
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 1:49 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 1:49 ,
hehheh I just found this
archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:00 ,
archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:03 ,
I always think she 's called princess funnybunny but I know that can't be right
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:11 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:11 ,
SAFETY DANCE
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:09 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:09 ,
OMG
I made this as my screensaver ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 7:30 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 7:30 ,
I wish this could be my walpaper .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:05 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:05 ,
BBFFFNNNLLMLLNMNMNLNMNMNNN
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:05 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:05 ,
Diarrhoea ?
I nearly Shat .
This picture moves me deeply .
In unwelcome ways .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:06 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:06 ,
its the last thing you see before you die
and it lasts for all eternity ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:08 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:08 ,
In that case ,
I think it was a tad unkind that you posted it at all .
( Please do email a copy to Hazel Blears , though . ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:23 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:23 ,
.
archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:41 ,
brundleshat
archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:49 ,
Now there 's a game of tic tac toe
where nobody wins .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:50 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:50 ,
CHECKMATE
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:50 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:50 ,
WHOA
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:11 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:11 ,
Shatner Goldblum Lava Lamp !
Ewwww .... ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 9:54 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 9:54 ,
The Jeff Goldbluman group
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:49 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:49 ,
IT'S SHATNERS ALL THE WAY DOWN .
woo ! ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:56 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 3:56 ,
this !
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:52 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:52 ,
[ if that starts moving i'm gonna kill myself ...
Oh shitting fuck .... argh !!
scrolls down , its even worse than i thought
[ shoves a library card up her nose and inhales deeply ] ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:12 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:12 ,
he looks like he 's made of chocolate
nom nom chocolate shat ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:45 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:45 ,
HAHAHA ! NOW GO THE OTHER WAY !
archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 4:55 ,
Yay !
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:10 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 6:10 ,
SHIIIIIT
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 7:54 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 7:54 ,
Dear me !
Thas ver clever that !
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 8:29 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 8:29 ,
Woohoo !
Tiliing , I love tiling !
Great work ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 9:18 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 9:18 ,
your something very special
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 9:40 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 9:40 ,
aaaaaaaargh !
my fucking eyes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this is not a good start to a hangover , but I 'd better click anyway ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 10:00 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 10:00 ,
this has ' win '
written all over it ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 11:24 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 11:24 ,
argh it 's coming down on me
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 11:37 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 11:37 ,
Woo !
Perfect ! ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 11:48 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 11:48 ,
I knew who'd made this before I read the name ...
Awesome .
( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 19:04 , archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 19:04 ,
Shatstand !
Have some more speeding faces ....
Great work sir !
Have some more speeding faces .... archived ) ( , Sat 6 Jun 2009 , 21:50 ,
it 's reigning shat ...
fantastic : ) ( , Sun 7 Jun 2009 , 18:34 , archived ) ( , Sun 7 Jun 2009 , 18:34 ,
Fuckin ' hell ,
infinitive shat !
( , Sun 7 Jun 2009 , 18:49 , archived ) ( , Sun 7 Jun 2009 , 18:49 ,
Wooo , it 's great !
but what film is it ?
( , Sun 7 Jun 2009 , 21:09 , archived ) ( , Sun 7 Jun 2009 , 21:09 ,
yay !
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 0:03 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 0:03 ,
No thank you .
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 7:29 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 7:29 ,
very yes !
archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 10:54 ,
If you scroll down with your mouse wheel
you can keep the third column still .
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 15:19 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 15:19 ,
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Peru's Congress has overturned two controversial land ownership laws that sparked deadly clashes between police and Amazon tribal groups .
At least 34 people were killed in the clashes earlier this month .
The laws were passed under powers Congress had granted President Alan Garcia to implement a free trade agreement with the US .
Tribal groups said they were not consulted and some of Peru's South American neighbours voiced opposition .
Ambassador recalled
Congress passed the revocation measure by 82 - 12 after a five - hour debate .
The Amazon tribal groups argue the decrees - passed in 2007 and 2008 - open up mineral and mining rights in a way that would threaten their way of life .
The worst of the clashes occurred when police tried to clear roadblocks set up by the groups at Bagua , 1,000 km ( 600 miles ) north of Lima .
Peru's Prime Minister Yehude Simon had earlier said the government had to know how to listen .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said the reversal of policy would not put at risk Peru 's free trade agreement with the US but has said he will step down once the dispute is settled .
The dispute led to a diplomatic row between Peru and Latin American neighbours Venezuela and Bolivia .
Peru recalled its ambassador to Bolivia for consultation on Tuesday after Bolivian President Evo Morales described the deaths of the indigenous protesters as a genocide caused by free trade .
Peru's Foreign Minister Jose Antonia Garcia Belaunde called Mr Morales an " enemy of Peru " .
The Bullet makes WiFi out of any antenna
Now this is cool !
The Bullet is a small little gadget that does n’t look like much of anything but really packs in the functionality with WiFi connectivity .
The Bullet can be plugged into just about any antenna .
Once plugged in , it can turn that radio signal into a 802.11 abg WiFi connection .
That equates to 1000 mW of power .
You definitely ca n’t get that sort of power from a standard WiFi hotspot .
Inside The Bullet is 16MB of RAM , 4MB of flash , an Atheros processor and 100 M bps Ethernet .
AirOS software is also included and it adds on many router - esque features like uPnP , NAT , DHCP , port - forwarding , web configuration , bridge mode and more .
And at $ 39 , The Bullet wo n’t break the bank , giving you more cash for other gadgety pursuits .
ALBANY , N.Y. -- Former mountain biking world champion Melissa " Missy " Giove was ordered held on $ 250,000 bail Thursday after federal authorities said they seized more than 200 pounds of marijuana from a truck she was driving in upstate New York .
Giove , 37 , and Eric Canori , 30 , of Wilton were charged Tuesday with conspiring to possess and distribute more than 100 kilograms of marijuana .
Melissa " Missy " Giove , celebrating her overall win at the 1996 World Cup Downhill Series in Honolulu , faces federal drug charges .
AP Photo / Tony Cheng
Nearly 400 pounds of pot were seized from the truck and from Canori 's home outside Saratoga Springs , 25 miles north of Albany , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency .
Canori was ordered held on $ 500,000 bail at the detention hearing Thursday .
Giove and Canori were also ordered to surrender their passports , attend all court appearances and notify authorities of any changes in phone number or address should they post bail .
Judge David Homer also imposed travel restrictions on both .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Richard Belliss had asked for no bail , saying Giove and Canori are flight risks , but Homer cited the pair 's lack of criminal history and family and business ties to their communities .
Authorities learned of Giove and Canori 's plans last weekend when Illinois State Police pulled over a woman driving a truck and trailer loaded with about 220 pounds of marijuana , DEA spokeswoman Erin Mulvey said .
Authorities completed the delivery to the Albany area , where Mulvey said Giove picked up the vehicle and trailer .
Giove is accused of then driving north and following Canori to his home , where some of the trailer 's contents were unloaded .
Giove was later arrested at nearby Saratoga Lake , authorities said .
A search of Canori's home turned up more than 150 pounds of pot and more than $ 1 million in cash stashed in a closet and the basement , the DEA said .
In court Thursday , public defender Tim Austin said the drugs and money were planted in Giove 's truck , possibly by police .
Giove , nicknamed " The Missile , " was the downhill world champion in 1994 and won World Cup season titles in '97 and ' 98 , then captured national titles from 1999 - 2001 .
One of the sport 's first mainstream female stars , she retired from downhill racing in 2003 .
Tiger moths can thwart attacks from bats by effectively jamming the bats ' sonar , doing so by emitting sudden bursts of ultrasound , scientists now find .
Past research had revealed that many night - flying moths have evolved the ability to hear bat sonar .
A number were even seen responding with clicks of ultrasound .
Other studies revealed that moth ultrasound could startle bats off .
Research also showed the outbursts could warn bats that such moths had a nasty taste , just as flashy colors on some animals can serve to ward off potential predators .
Still , there was the enticing possibility that some moths used ultrasound to actually foil bat sonar .
To look for a case of sonar jamming , investigators employed ultrasonic recordings and high - speed infrared video to analyze how big brown bats ( Eptesicus fuscus ) interacted with one particular species of ultrasound - emitting tiger moth ( Bertholdia trigona ) over the course of nine nights in enclosed rooms .
If the moth sounds were just meant to startle bats , bats would eventually get used to the outbursts and go on to catch the moths .
If the insect clicks were just meant to warn bats they were unpalatable , the bats would have stopped attacking the moths after trying one first .
However , the researchers saw that bats neither increased nor decreased their odds of catching these moths , and instead their ability to catch the moths remained consistently poor over time .
This suggested the ultrasound bursts were not meant to startle the bats nor warn of bad taste .
As such , the insects might have evolved a genuine sonar - jamming defense mechanism to save them from bats .
" This reveals that even a small moth can defeat the most sophisticated acoustic predator known , " said researcher Aaron Corcoran , a biologist at Wake Forest University in Winston - Salem , N.C. " It 's a fantastic example of an escalating arms race between predator and prey , with each trying to constantly one - up the other . "
Further analysis of the moth reveals it is well suited for disrupting sonar , possessing highly developed ultrasound emitters .
" These moths can make an incredible amount of sound , 450 clicks in a tenth of a second , " Corcoran explained .
" That 's essential , because a bat 's entire attack sequence can last just one second , maybe two seconds on the long end , and so the moths have to be quick , listen to the bat echolocation calls and then figure out the right time to make the right sounds to jam them .
It 's an extraordinarily fast , dynamic response . "
The researchers are now investigating how roughly 20 species of bats and 30 species of moths use different attack and defense strategies in Arizona , using ultraviolet lights to attract the moths at night and high - speed cameras and microphones to record their interactions .
" Who are the winners and losers in these battles ? " Corcoran asked .
" That 's what we want to find out . "
The scientists detailed their findings in the July 17 issue of the journal Science .
Video – What Ultrasound Reveals
Amazing Things You Didn't Know About Animals
Bats : News and Information
FAITH & REASON FAITH & REASON Blog : Join the conversation on religion , spirituality and ethics | Forum : Debate fellow readers SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) 
A gay couple say they were detained by security guards on a plaza owned by the Mormon church and later cited by police , claiming it stemmed from a kiss on the cheek .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints said that the men became argumentative and refused to leave after being asked to stop their " inappropriate behavior . "
The men say they were targeted because they are gay .
FAITH & REASON : Can Mormons enforce ' no kissing ' ?
Matt Aune said he and his partner , Derek Jones , were walking home from a concert nearby on Thursday night , cutting through the plaza near the Salt Lake City Mormon temple .
Aune , 28 , said he gave Jones , 25 , a hug and kiss and that the two were then approached by a security guard , who asked them to leave , telling them they were being inappropriate and that public displays of affection are n't allowed on the property .
He said other guards arrived and the men were handcuffed .
" We asked what we were doing wrong , " Aune told The Associated Press .
Church spokeswoman Kim Farah said in a statement Friday that the men were " politely asked to stop engaging in inappropriate behavior — just as any other couple would have been . "
" They became argumentative and used profanity and refused to leave the property , " she said .
The church did not immediately respond to a request for more comment .
Police later arrived and both men were cited with misdemeanor trespassing , Salt Lake City Police Sgt. Robin Snyder said .
" It does n't matter what they were asked to leave for , " Snyder said .
" If they are asked to leave and do n't they are ... trespassing . "
The church has been the target of protests over its support of a ban on gay marriage in California .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
A great frustration I had during the campaign was when the McCain staff would n't carve out time for me to go for a run .
The days never went as well if I could n't get out there and sweat .
So let 's get this straight : Sarah Palin thinks she 's ready to be President of the United States of America , and she could n't even get her own campaign 's scheduling staff to give her enough time to run ?
And also too , if she really did n't have enough time to run , how did she find the time to take that prank call from Nicholas Sarkozy ?
She 's great at pointing fingers every which way except her own .
Or at least she thinks she 's great ... because as David Shuster points out , the flip side of her comment is that Sarah Palin has now finally admitted what made her so insane during the 2008 campaign :
Are you 100 % positive you 're praying to the right crucified god ?
Why risk it ?
Now you can dressup Jesus as any of your favorite deities to make sure .
Or mix -n - match and bow to the ultimate supreme sacrifice !
What better way to guarantee your spot in heaven ?
© 2019 Normal Bob Smith Design https://www.domyessay.net
The human brain can adapt to changing demands even in adulthood , but MIT neuroscientists have now found evidence of it changing with unsuspected speed .
Their findings suggest that the brain has a network of silent connections that underlie its plasticity .
The brain ’s tendency to call upon these connections could help explain the curious phenomenon of “ referred sensations , ” in which a person with an amputated arm “ feels ” sensations in the missing limb when he or she is touched on the face .
Scientists believe this happens because the part of the brain that normally receives input from the arm begins “ referring ” to signals coming from a nearby brain region that receives information from the face .
“ We found these referred sensations in the visual cortex , too , ” said senior author Nancy Kanwisher of the McGovern Institute for Brain Research at MIT , referring to the findings of a paper being published in the July 15 issue of the Journal of Neuroscience .
“ When we temporarily deprived part of the visual cortex from receiving input , subjects reported seeing squares distorted as rectangles .
We were surprised to find these referred visual sensations happening as fast as we could measure , within two seconds . ”
Many scientists think that this kind of reorganized response to sensory information reflects a rewiring in the brain , or a growth of new connections .
“ But these distortions happened too quickly to result from structural changes in the cortex , ” Kanwisher explained .
“ So we think the connections were already there but were silent , and that the brain is constantly recalibrating the connections through short - term plasticity mechanisms . ”
First author Daniel Dilks , a postdoctoral researcher in Kanwisher ’s lab , first found the square - to - rectangle distortion in a patient who suffered a stroke that deprived a portion of his visual cortex from receiving input .
The stroke created a blind region in his field of vision .
When a square object was placed outside this blind region , the patient perceived it as a rectangle stretching into the blind area — a result of the the deprived neurons now responding to a neighboring part of the visual field .
advertisement
“ But the patient ’s cortex had been deprived of visual information for a long time , so we did not know how quickly the adult visual cortex could change following deprivation , ” Dilks said .
“ To find out , we took advantage of the natural blind spot in each eye , using a simple perceptual test in healthy volunteers with normal vision . ”
Blind spots occur because the retina has no photoreceptors where the optic nerve exits the eye , so the visual cortex receives no stimulation from that point .
We do not perceive our blind spots because the left eye sees what is in the right eye ’s blind area , and vice versa .
Even when one eye is closed , we are not normally aware of a gap in our visual field .
It takes a perceptual test to reveal the blind spot , which involves covering one eye and moving an object towards the blind spot until it “ disappears ” from view .
[ Click here to find your own blind spot : http://web.mit.edu/bcs/nklab/media/blindSpotDemo.shtml].
Dilks and colleagues used this test to see how soon after the cortex is deprived of information that volunteers begin to perceive shape distortions .
They presented different - sized rectangles just outside the subjects ’ blind spot and asked subjects to judge the height and width at different time points after one eye was patched .
The volunteers perceived the rectangles elongating just two seconds after their eye was covered — much quicker than expected .
When the eye patch was removed , the distortions vanished just as fast as they had appeared .
“ So the visual cortex changes its response almost immediately to sensory deprivation and to new input , ” Kanwisher explained .
“ Our study shows the stunning ability of the brain to adapt to moment - to - moment changes in experience even in adulthood . ”
Chris Baker ( NIH ) and Yicong Liu ( MIT undergraduate student ) contributed to this study , which was supported by the NIH and NIMH .
Zeenews Bureau
New Delhi : US Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , who reached India late in the evening today said that the US is not in any way exerting pressure on India to hold talks with Pakistan .
Hillary ’s statement is apparently meant to clear any suspicions in India that Washington is pressuring New Delhi to hold dialogue with Pakistan and also give Islamabad some time in tackling anti-India elements operating from within its borders .
Hillary is on a five - day visit to India
during which the two countries will launch a new chapter in
their strategic partnership and deepen their engagement .
The former US first lady , Clinton , on her first visit to
India as US`s chief diplomat will be spending the night at the
Tower Wing of the Taj Hotel in an act of solidarity with the
victims of the Mumbai terror attack on November 26 last .
Clinton flew in shortly after 10 PM from Prague where her
special aircraft had a refuelling halt after the flight from
Washington .
It is her first foreign trip since she broke an
elbow .
A thick blanket of security was thrown around the Colaba
area of south Mumbai where the Taj hotel is located and
hundreds of security personnel were deployed to provide cover
for the visiting US dignitary .
Clinton will be meeting top Indian business leaders ,
visiting a centre of the Self - Employed Women`s Association
( SEWA ) and paying tributes to martyrs` of the 26/11 attacks
during her stay in the city .
She is expected to leave for New Delhi on Sunday .
In the Capital , Clinton will meet Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh and hold talks with External Affairs Minister S M
Krishna .
She will also meet UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and
Leader of the Opposition L K Advani .
She is also due to
deliver a lecture at the Delhi university .
Clinton`s aircraft landed at Mumbai at 10:20 pm , a senior
official said .
She was received at the airport by Maharashtra government
Chief of Protocol S Mulick and deputy chief of Protocol
S Bijoor .
Ahead of her visit , Hillary said President Barack
Obama`s administration was " going to do everything we can to
broaden and deepen our engagement " with the UPA government .
Clinton had also said , " we are starting a strategic
dialogue between myself and the new Minister of External
Affairs ( S M Krishna ) . "
Bilateral cooperation in civil nuclear field , defence
and trade and investment are expected to figure prominently in
the talks Clinton will have with Indian leaders .
The two sides
would also focus on terrorism , particularly that emanating
from Pakistan , climate change , global economic crisis .
In the civil nuclear field , the two sides would discuss
ways to implement the landmark agreement .
The two sides are in
negotiations for setting up of two nuclear plants in India .
Krishna and Clinton are also expected to discuss the End
User Verification agreement in defence field , under which the
US would be able to supply sensitive military equipment .
The two sides are also expected to discuss ways to step
up military cooperation , including joint exercises as well as
the global economic crisis and cooperative ways to deal with
the problem .
Clinton`s visit to Mumbai comes nine years after her
husband , former president Bill , and their daughter , Chelsea ,
visited the metropolis .
From New Delhi , Clinton heads to Thailand to lead the US
delegation at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations
( ASEAN ) talks .
Do you think you ’re smarter than most ?
Chances are , your children will feel the same way about themselves .
A new study of thousands of twins suggests that intellectual confidence is genetically inherited , and independent from actual intelligence .
Moreover , these genetic differences predict grades in school , says Tomas Chamorro - Premuzic , a psychologist at Goldsmiths University in London , whose team found that 7 - to 10 - year - old children who achieved the best marks in school tended to rate their own abilities highly , even after accounting for differences due to intelligence and environment .
Nature or nurture ?
Psychologists have long known that intelligence is n’t the only predictor of scholastic achievement and that intellectual confidence does a good a job of predicting grades as well .
Advertisement
“ There has been a very , very big lobby within educational psychology against the notion of IQ , ” says Chamorro - Premuzic .
“ And part of this lobby has been based on the idea that self - perceptions matter more than actual ability . ”
Most of these researchers assumed that environmental factors – the influence of parents , teachers and friends – explained why some students think more of their abilities than others .
That ’s only partially true , says Chamorro - Premuzic .
About half of differences in children ’s self - perceived abilities can be explained by environment .
The other half seems to be genetic .
For comparison , genes can explain about 80 per cent of the differences in height .
‘ Challenges convention ’
Chamorro - Premuzic ’s team drew this conclusion by comparing intelligence , grades and personal ratings of 1966 pairs of identical twins and 1877 pairs of non-identical or fraternal twins .
Identical twins share nearly all their genes , while fraternal twins just half .
This allowed researchers to calculate how much of the differences in intellectual confidence were due to genetic versus environmental factors .
Determining what specific genes affect self - perceived ability wo n’t be easy , Chamorro - Premuzic says .
Many of them should be linked to actual intelligence , but some will not .
Genes that are linked to personality , which is another partially heritable trait , could also explain why some children think more highly of themselves than others .
“ The findings challenge conventional thinking on student psychology and may suggest that the assumptions underlying student academic attainment are erroneous , ” comments Timothy Judge , a psychologist at the University of Florida in Gainesville .
Journal reference : Psychological Science ( DOI : 10.1111/j.1467-9280.2009.02366.x )
This is what “ a beautiful , fresh , sunny morning ” was like for Werner Herzog during the Sisyphean miseries that plagued the shooting of his Amazonian epic “ Fitzcarraldo ” ( 1982 ) : one of two newly hatched chicks drowned in a saucer containing only a few millimeters of water .
The other lost a leg and a piece of its stomach to a murderous rabbit .
And Mr. Herzog realized , for the umpteenth time , that “ a sense of desolation was tearing me up inside , like termites in a fallen tree trunk . ”
These and other good times have been immortalized in “ Conquest of the Useless , ” Mr. Herzog ’s journal about his best - known filmmaking nightmare .
Already published in German as the evocatively titled “ Eroberung des Nutzlosen ” in 2004 , this book , translated by Krishna Winston , seemingly recapitulates some of Les Blank ’s film “ Burden of Dreams , ” the 1982 documentary that captured the “ Fitzcarraldo ” shoot in all of its magnificent , doomy glory .
When he spoke to Mr. Blank , Mr. Herzog used the phrase “ challenge of the impossible ” to describe his heroic , arguably unhinged struggle to complete his film .
But “ Burden of Dreams ” never penetrated Mr. Herzog ’s rogue thoughts , at least not in the way his own mesmerizingly bizarre account does .
That ’s understandable : Mr. Blank could concentrate on such external diversions as hauling a steamship over a hill in the Amazon rain forest , which was the pièce de résistance of Mr. Herzog ’s “ Fitzcarraldo ” scenario .
The observations to be found in “ Conquest of the Useless ” are much more private and pitiless , as Mr. Herzog finds evidence of an indifferent universe wherever he turns .
With the same bleak eloquence that he brings to narrating his nonfiction films ( and what voice can match Mr. Herzog ’s for mournfully contemplative beauty ? ) this book describes the exotica of the jungle .
Obsessed with the bird , animal and insect worlds as a way of avoiding the human one , Mr. Herzog keeps a steady record of the perverse spectacles he encounters .
Anne Hathaway
This woman walks into a bar , and she has the hairiest armpits in the history of armpits .
She sits down , raises her arm , and says , " Bartender , I would like a drink . "
There 's an old drunk sitting next to her .
Slurring , he says , " Barkeep , I would like to buy the ballerina a drink . "
She accepts , drinks it , raises her arm again to get the bartender 's attention , and orders another .
The old man says , " Barkeep , you just keep giving the ballerina anything she wants . "
Finally , the bartender goes over to the drunk and says , " Sir , that 's nice of you , but how do you know she 's a ballerina ? "
The old man answers , " Son , you do n't get to be my age without learning that only ballerinas can lift their legs that high . "
( Rate this game !
221 votes , average : 4.02 out of 5 ) ( Rate this game ! votes , average : out of 5 )
Loading ...
Loading ...
Plasma Pong is a mesmerizing freeware title by Steve Taylor , a student at George Mason University .
It combines a cutting - edge realtime fluid dynamics simulation with the game structure of pong .
Steve ’s describes the game as follows :
Players have several new abilities that add fun twists to the classic game .
In the game you can inject plasma fluid into the environment , create a vacuum from your paddle , and blast shockwaves into the playing area .
All these abilities have fluid - based kinetic effects on the ball , making Plasma Pong a fast - paced and exciting game .
Gameplay
There is n’t a whole lot to say about the gameplay in Plasma Pong , really .
The game structure mirrors that of the original Pong :
You score if the ball makes it past your opponent ’s paddle and vice versa .
The right - mouse button creates a vacuum and sucks the ball towards you .
This is a great way to safely catch the ball , as the fluid dynamics tend to create sudden unpredictable movements as the ball gets caught in eddies and currents .
Left - mouse button fires plasma which shoots into the playfield .
It can be used to push the ball for some extra speed , but also modify the currents .
If you can succesfully create an eddy near the opponent ’s side you can usually score when the ball makes sudden last - second movements .
Questionable Intentions
Despite its advanced physics simulation , I found myself playing Plasma Pong as I would nearly any pong game .
It ’s hard to use the fluid dynamics in a deliberate way to your advantage .
This is kind of a shame , because if the game were more easily able to manifest my intentions as a player I think it would be much more addictive .
As it stands now , though , the player experience flattens out to mere repetition after a few minutes .
I would have loved to see obstacles like walls , wave machines , powerups , or other changes to the mundane back - and - forth mechanic .
To be fair , the game is a pong clone , but so much more could be done with the simulation engine .
Maybe a fluid dynamics - based shooter ?
Visuals
The game is a visual treat , at least .
It ’s almost as fun to play the game itself as it is to simply watch the physics simulation .
In fact , you can press F1 to toggle over to an interactive fluid simulation that does away with the pong ball and paddles completely .
I played with this almost as long as I played with the game itself .
( Plasma Pong Game Screenshots )
It ’s Free
Plasma
Pong is free ; why are n’t you playing it already ?
It ’s a neat example of using real - time fluid dynamics to replace the physics of an existing game .
The result is half physics game , half graphics demo .
It ’s an interesting study –what would you change as a designer to add more depth to the experience ?
Download Plasma Pong game ( 6.56 MB ) , or head over to the official Plasma Pong site .
As expected , Microsoft and Yahoo announced a partnership this morning that will essentially stick Microsoft 's recently relaunched search engine Bing in place of Yahoo search and Yahoo's ad sales in place of Microsoft's .
The two companies said that their complementary strengths would help them become a stronger market competitor ( to * cough * Google ) , and that the deal would spur innovation in search , better value for advertisers , and " real consumer choice . "
The terms of the initial agreement will last for 10 years wherein Bing will be the " exclusive algorithmic search and paid search platform " for all Yahoo sites .
The companies are n't giving up on Yahoo's search , though , as Microsoft will also have a 10 - year license to Yahoo's core search technologies and the ability integrate Yahoo's search mojo into Bing .
Yahoo will also be responsible for ad sales for both companies ' premium advertisers , though self - serve advertising will still be handled by Microsoft 's AdCenter .
The two companies have established a revenue sharing agreement on the traffic generated on Yahoo 's sites , and Microsoft has agreed to pay traffic acquisition costs at 88 percent of search revenue generated by Yahoo during the first five years .
Microsoft will also guarantee the revenue per search for Yahoo - owned and - operated sites for the first 18 months .
The companies emphasized that the deal protects consumer privacy and limits the data shared between the companies to the minimum needed to improve the platforms .
" Success in search requires both innovation and scale , " Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said in a statement .
" With our new Bing search platform , we ’ve created breakthrough innovation and features .
This agreement with Yahoo ! will provide the scale we need to deliver even more rapid advances in relevancy and usefulness .
Microsoft and Yahoo !
know there ’s so much more that search could be .
This agreement gives us the scale and resources to create the future of search . "
Though the announcement makes no mention of Google , it does acknowledge the search and advertising giant in passing .
" Providing a viable alternative to advertisers , this deal will combine Yahoo ! and Microsoft search marketplaces so that advertisers no longer have to rely on one company that dominates more than 70 percent of all search , " the companies said in a statement .
This is what Microhoo is referring to when it claims there will be greater competition — from their perspective , they 'll be a bigger force to be reckoned with when it comes to battling Google , though it means that there will be fewer independent players from the consumer perspective .
Google , for its part , is staying silent for the time being .
Considering how much trouble the company had when it tried to ink its own advertising deal with Yahoo , Google knows that regulators are already frothing at the mouth to dig into this one .
According to unnamed Google sources speaking to Kara Swisher , however , the company is keeping on its toes and watching the deal carefully .
" We take nothing for granted , because anyone can make a comeback , " Swisher quotes a Google employee as saying .
Woeful state budgets have relit the long - burning debate about pot legalization — could n’t California rescue itself by making weed legal , then taxing it ?
Meanwhile , more than 40 % of Americans now favor legalization –which is the highest portion since the 1980s ; Nate Silver , at FiveThirtyEight , has watched the trends and estimates that popular support will become overwhelming in 15 years time .
So Print , the hoary graphic - design magazine , posed a challenge to four top designers :
How should the package of legal weed actually look ?
Each of them took a radically different approach .
Lust , a graphic design
practice in Amsterdam , tackled the controversy of the product head - on — albeit in a very dry , very arch manner .
They opted to cover the package in infographics about weed , and its effects –which they claim would create an anti-brand brand , and also , presumably , turn the product into something more neutral than the demon weed .
The only stoner reference is the Jamaican & Rastafarian color themse :
The New York office of Base worked
with its branches in Europe , to create a goofy nod towards weed ’s illegal past , with containers made from repurposed packaging from other brands–in other words , a reference to the stash boxes ubitquitous in dorm rooms all over the country :
Then , on some occasions , they really put in the extra effort to openly make the customers overtly hate them .
For example ...
It 's hard for an industry to be more hated than insurance or telemarketing , but airlines have been trying for decades .
Whether it 's charging $ 50 to check one bag or bumping paying customers at a moment 's notice , it truly seems like they could n't give half a damn about their passengers .
7 " Sorry , ma'am , but we mishandled your luggage .
With fire . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Takeoff :
Everybody who parts with their luggage at the airport does so with a twinge of nerves ; afraid their bags will end up in some other city , or that some crazed baggage handler will sneak off to some private room to start trying on their undergarments .
So when a United Airlines employee approached Shannon Tadel and asked to speak with her privately about a problem with her luggage , she probably assumed the worst .
We 're guessing even by assuming the worst she was not prepared for when the man said that her bags were on fire .
Turbulence :
As it turns out , Shannon 's luggage was placed too close to an exhaust port on a belt loader , which was so hot it ignited the bags .
She thought it was a prank until the pilot revealed himself to not be Ashton Kutcher and pointed out a Tarmac crew attempting to extinguish her clothing with a fire hose .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
To make matters worse , her smoldering , water - logged luggage would n't be allowed on the flight .
We 're not sure if this was some kind of regulation or if they just wanted to see the look on her face .
Crash Landing :
United apparently thought that a first class upgrade was enough of an apology for destroying a bag full of her clothing , and did n't respond to her reimbursement claim .
They forced her to jump through many hoops and even dry - cleaned her destroyed clothing to try and lower the amount of the claim .
As usually happens , they kept running her through a maze of bullshit before Tadel went out and got the story made public via the Chicago Tribune .
Suddenly United was all about pleasing the customer , becoming very compliant and apologetic , issuing her a check to cover her loss and assuring her that in no way did the public embarrassment factor into their decision to replace the possessions they set ablaze .
MUNICH , Germany ( CNN ) -- Juliane Koepcke is not someone you 'd expect to attract attention .
Plainly dressed and wearing prescription glasses , Koepcke sits behind her desk at the Zoological Center in Munich , Germany , where she 's a librarian .
Juliane Koepcke fell more than 3 kms after the plane in which she was traveling broke up in midair .
Yet this unassuming middle aged woman has one of the most exciting and unbelievable stories of tragedy and survival to tell .
It was Christmas Eve , 1971 , when Koepcke , then aged 17 , and her mother boarded a Lockheed Electra turboprop for a flight from Lima , Peru , to Pucallpa in the Amazonian rainforest .
Her parents , both famous zoologists , ran a research station in the jungle studying wildlife .
The airline , LANSA , had already lost two aircraft in previous crashes .
" We knew the airline had a bad reputation , " Koepcke told CNN , " but we desperately wanted to be with my father for Christmas , so we figured it would be alright . "
The flight was supposed to last for less than an hour and for the first 25 minutes everything was fine , Koepcke recalled .
" Then we flew into heavy clouds and the plane started shaking .
My mother was very nervous .
Then to the right we saw a bright flash and the plane went into a nose dive .
My mother said , ' This is it ! ' "
An accident investigation later found that one of the fuel tanks of the Lockheed Electra had been hit by a bolt of lightning which had torn the right wing off .
" We were headed straight down .
Christmas presents were flying around the cabin and I could hear people screaming . "
Watch Koepcke tell her dramatic survivor 's story »
As the plane broke into pieces in midair , Koepcke was thrust out into the open air :
" Suddenly there was this amazing silence .
The plane was gone .
I must have been unconscious and then came to in midair .
I was flying , spinning through the air and I could see the forest spinning beneath me . "
Then Koepcke lost consciousness again .
She fell more than three kilometers ( two miles ) into the jungle canopy but miraculously survived with only minor injuries .
Ninety - one other people aboard Flight 508 died .
Koepcke says she is not a spiritual person and has tried to find logical explanations for why she survived .
" Maybe it was the fact that I was still attached to a whole row of seats , " she says .
" It was rotating much like the helicopter and that might have slowed the fall .
Also , the place I landed had very thick foliage and that might have lessened the impact . "
In any case she survived with only minor injuries .
Her collarbone was broken , her right eye swollen shut , she was suffering concussion and had large gashes on her arms and legs .
" I did n't wake up until nine o'clock the next morning .
I know this because my watch was still working .
So I must have been unconscious the whole afternoon and the night .
When I came to I was alone , just me ... and my row of seats . "
Her ordeal was far from over .
Rescue planes and search crews were unable to locate the crash site and Koepcke was stranded in the jungle alone .
But she had spent years on the research station with her parents and her father had taught her how to survive in the rainforest -- she knew how to cope in that environment .
" " He said if you find a creek , follow it because that will lead to a stream and a stream will lead to a bigger river and that 's where you 'll find help . "
The day after the crash she found a creek and started to wade down stream , but it was tough going .
The only food she had was some candy she had found at the crash site and her wounds were quickly infested with parasites .
" I had a cut on my arm and after a few days I could feel there was something in it .
I took a look and a fly had laid her eggs in the hole .
It was full of maggots .
I was afraid I would lose my arm .
Later , after I was rescued it was treated and more than 50 maggots were found inside .
I still wonder how so many maggots could have fitted into that little hole , it was no bigger than a one euro coin . "
As she travelled downstream , Koepcke discovered more wreckage from the plane -- and found some of the crash victims .
" I found another row of seats with three dead women still strapped in .
They had landed head - first and the impact must have been so hard that they were buried almost two feet into the ground .
" I was horrified -- I did n't want to touch them but I wanted to make sure that my mother was n't one of them .
So I took a stick and knocked a shoe off one of the bodies .
The toe nails had nail polish on them and I knew it could not have been my mother because she never used nail polish . "
Juliane continued through the rainforest , wading through jungle streams infested with crocodiles , piranhas and devil rays .
" Sometimes I would see a crocodile on the bank and it would start into the water towards me , but I was not afraid .
I knew crocodiles do n't tend to attack humans . "
After 10 days , starved and exhausted , Koepke finally came upon a small boat and a hut on the river .
She stayed there , hoping to be rescued .
The next day a group of Peruvian lumberjacks found her and brought her to the next town .
She became known as the miracle girl and was hounded by Peruvian media , receiving hundreds of letters from people she had never met before .
" It was so strange , " she says , smiling .
" Some of the letters were simply addressed ' Juliane -- Peru ' but they still all found their way to me . "
The events of 1971 still haunt Koepcke and she says the memories are especially clear when she is confronted with airline disasters like last month 's Air France crash off the coast of Brazil .
" It just horrifies me .
I only hope it all went quickly for those on board . "
Cremation Solutions sells " personal urns " that look like the person whose ashes they hold .
Now we can create a custom urn in the image of your loved one or favorite Celebrity .
New advances in facial reconstruction and 3D printing have made it possible to have an urn made in the image of anyone from just a photograph .
Never forget a face .
Personal Urns combine art and technology to create a family heirloom that will be cherished for generations .
Available in Two Sizes
• Full sized will hold all of the ashes of any adult
• Keepsake size is about 1 /4 of the full sized and will hold about 25 cubic inches
Have been gone all weekend to see family and celebrate my wifes birthday ( wo n’t divulge age for fear of retribution ) but I am dying for some fall color .
So I thought I might post a shot from the Tremont section of the Smokies from last fall to try and get a fix for some color .
This was a pretty good day in the park I had searched all day for color and it was pretty sparse but when I came upon this section of the park it made it worth my time and effort .
The afternoon light was shining down thru the yellow maple leaves and giving off this golden hue , hope you enjoy it as much as I did taking it .
MOSCOW , June 4 ( Reuters ) - Russia 's state anti-monopoly service said on Thursday it had launched a probe of Microsoft MSFT.
O over cutbacks in supplies of its Windows XP operating system in Russia .
The agency said it thought Microsoft had violated antimonopoly legislation by cutting delivery of Windows XP operating system to Russia both separately and pre-installed on personal computers , as well as in its pricing policy on the product .
It said it would consider the case on July 24 , 2009 .
( Reporting by Maria Kiselyova ; editing by Melissa Akin )
Movie stars , models , musicians , athletes and politicians can often dominate the media and command the world ’s attention when they promote social or environmental causes .
Famine and poverty in Africa are serious issues , which have commanded the attention of today ’s most influential celebrities worldwide .
Celebrities have opened doors and increased awareness , from athletes , actors to politicians ; they are vocal , passionate and driven to help increase aid flows to ending global poverty .
My first introduction to the serious social issues facing Africa was in 1985 , when Michael Jackson , Lionel Ritchie and Quincy Jones introduced us to , ” We are the World ” , to help raise funds for famine - relief in Ethiopia .
This was the first time I realized how much fame is an influential tool that can actually shape our views .
The paragons of celebrity activism , are the ones who are shedding light on the world ’s poorest countries and helping in the fight to save lives .
You may wonder why poor countries remain poor .
Some interconnected factors like geography , industrialization , colonialism , education , resources , infrastructure , overpopulation , investment , government and debt make poor countries remain poor .
We will take a brief look at each one of the top ten poorest countries of the world .
I have also included some interesting facts on poverty and famine and highlighted several celebrities who are taking a political stance and what they are doing to help end global poverty
Out of the top ten poorest countries , nine are in Africa .
I have included The Solomon Islands .
Although it is not an African country , it is the fourth poorest country in the world as of 2008 .
A poor county is one with GDP per capita $ 765 or less , according to CIA fact book 2008 .
The highest of GDP per capita among these ten poorest countries was $ 700 while the lowest one was only $ 300 .
Difficult as it might be to grasp , looking at the unstable situation ’s of the ten poorest countries of the world overwhelming images in the media of the despondent eyes of weakened children , displaced families and by the sheer numbers of people starving to death with half of humanity living on two dollars or less a day and of that population , 40 percent , or 1.2 billion human beings , try somehow to survive on one dollar a day or less , as hard as it is to imagine this is reality .
( more … )
In a 2008 promotional video , " Reclaiming 7 Mountains of Culture " , Loren Cunningham describes a vision he shared along with the late Campus Crusade For Christ founder Bill Bright and late Christian theologian Francis Schaeffer , in which Christian fundamentalists could achieve world domination by taking over key sectors of society such as business , government , media , and education .
Francis Schaeffer is widely credited as one of the most influential theologians of the 20th Century Christian right .
Among the myriad ministries of Bill Bright 's behemoth Campus Crusade For Christ is the Washington D.C. ministry Christian Embassy that targets Pentagon leaders for evangelizing .
The C Street House is run by a secretive Washington ministry known as The Family , or The Fellowship .
Over the past year and a half , The Family has gradually come to public attention , mainly due to journalist and Harpers contributing editor Jeff Sharlet 's ground breaking book The Family : The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power .
The Family runs the yearly National Prayer Breakfast and maintains a network of Capital Hill prayer groups which have enjoyed the participation of both top GOP but also top Democratic Party Congress and Senate members .
The Family runs but does not own the C Street House .
According to a June 26th , 2009 Washington
Post story , by Manuel Roig - Franzia , " The Political Enclave That Dare Not Speak Its Name : The Sanford and Ensign Scandals Open a Door On Previously Secretive ' C Street ' Spiritual Haven " , the C Street House is owned by a " little - known organization called Youth With a Mission of Washington DC . "
Youth With a Mission is a global Christian evangelical organization founded in 1960 which , declares YWAM , is " currently operating in more than 1000 locations in over 149 countries , with a staff of nearly 16,000 . "
As Cunningham introduces Reclaim 7 Mountains of Culture , " It was August , 1975 ... and the Lord had given me , that day a list of things that I had never thought about before .
He said , ' This is the way to reach America , and nations , for God . ' "
The video continues with a narrator who declares , " In every city of the world , an unseen battle rages for dominion over God 's creation and the souls of people .
This battle is fought on seven strategic fronts , looming like mountains over the culture , that shape and influence its destiny .
Over the years , the church slowly retreated from its place of influence on these mountains , leaving a void now filled with darkness .
When we lose our influence , we lose the culture and when we lose the culture we fail to advance the kingdom of God .
And now , a generation stands in desperate need .
It 's time to fight for them and take back these mountains of influence . "
Reclaim 7 Mountains of Culture then outlines seven areas of influence for Christian fundamentalists to reclaim :
The Mountain of Government , " where evil is either restrained or endorsed " ,
The Mountain of Education , " where truths , or lies , about God and his creation are taught . " ,
The Mountain of Media , " where information is interpreted through the lens of good or evil " , The Mountain of Arts and Entertainment , " where values and virtue are celebrated or distorted " , The Mountain of Religion , " where people worship God in spirit and truth , or settle for a religious ritual " , The Mountain of Family , " where either a blessing or a curse is passed onto successive generations and , The Mountain of Business , " where people build for the glory of God or the glory of man . "
The last is the key mountain , proclaims the video : " those who lead this mountain influence what controls our culture . "
Youth With a Mission also runs a global Christian evangelism educational ministry headquartered at the University of the Nations 45 acre campus in Kona , Hawaii .
As one example in which organizations such as YWAM are implementing the Reclaiming the 7 Seven Mountains agenda , the university has developed programs to provide its students with real world skills such as media and film production .
One of the graduates from the Kona university is Loren Cunningham 's son , David Loren Cunningham , who founded the Film Institute in 2004 with other University of Nations students , to place students in the film industry in order to transform Hollywood from within .
Cunningham directed Path to 911 , the controversial television film aired on ABC on September 10 and 11 , 2006 and covered at The Huffington Post by journalist Max Blumenthal .
Crooks & Liars :
Amato :
My question is , now we have these , we ’ll call them conservative democrats , joining with some Republicans in wanting to delay the bill , and saying that they need more time to go over it and actually read it .
My question to you is , will you ask Congress to forgo their August recess and work this bill out ?
Because while they ’re taking a vacation , millions of Americans are either losing their health care or are about to go bankrupt because of health care issues .
So if they ’re going to whine about not having enough time , then they should act like real Americans and work during August .
Ever since Chris Weigant pointed out that presidents can call special sessions of Congress , I ’ve been waiting to see the idea come up in Washington .
During Obama ’s conference call with liberal bloggers yesterday , the subject finally got aired by John Amato of
The president replied at length about the importance of health care reform as his number one domestic priority .
He spoke strongly against delay , but dodged Amato ’s central question .
Amato attempted to get clarification , asking whether Obama would “ make them give us a bill before the August recess : ”
President Obama :
We are working as hard as we can , and I ’ve told Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi that it is critical that we see serious forward motion before people leave .
Alright ?
Translation : Obama has a trump card and he ’s made sure that Reid and Pelosi know it .
More as this story develops .
I ’m wrapping up a bug right now that has to do with translating python exceptions into C++ exceptions .
The translation occurrs as follows :
Catch boost :: python::error_already_set
Import python modules which contain the exception types that I want to compare against
Compare the thrown exception with the imported types using PyErr_ExceptionMatches
Take appropriate actions ( e.g. throw a C++ exception ) based on the match
This technique looks something like this :
using namespace boost : : python ; void main ( ) { Py_Initialize ( ) ; try { do_something ( ) ; } catch ( const error_already_set& ) { object exc = import ( " my_module " ) .
attr ( " MyException " ) ; if ( PyErr_ExceptionMatches ( exc.ptr ( ) ) ) throw MyException ( ) ; throw ; } ... }
In the real code the import calls were only made the first time any translation was requested , but that that ’s a minor detail .
Do you see the bug ?
If you do , I imagine that either this has happened to you before or you know a lot about the CPython ’s implementation of module imports .
The import ( ) call eventually calls PyImport_Import ( ) , the recommended method for importing module programatically .
This calls PyEval_GetGlobals ( ) to get the global dict for the current execution frame .
In my case , there apparently is no current execution frame , and this fact sends PyImport_Import down a branch where it calls … * drumroll * … PyErr_Clear ( ) .
What this means is that by the time I call PyErr_ExceptionMatches ( ) , there is no active python exception .
It has been silently erased .
The simple ( and , I think , correct ) fix for this is to stash the exceptions before importing , import , and then restore the exceptions :
using namespace boost : : python ; void main ( ) { Py_Initialize ( ) ; try { do_something ( ) ; } catch ( const error_already_set& ) { PyObject *e , *v , *t ; PyErr_Fetch ( &e , &v , &t ) ; object exc = import ( " my_module " ) .
attr ( " MyException " ) ; PyErr_Restore( e , v,t ) ; if ( PyErr_ExceptionMatches ( exc.ptr ( ) ) ) throw MyException ( ) ; throw ; } ... }
In the absence of any commentary in the python source , this behavior is a bit puzzling .
There may well be a good reason for it , but there is no indication anywhere that I ’ve read that PyImport_Import ( ) might clear your error variables .
This bears some looking into .
It took me quite a while to track this bug down for two reasons .
First , I made the assumption that the bug must exist in my code .
I spent all sorts of time looking at things like destructors triggered by unwinding , implicit conversions , and any other crazy thing I could think of that might somehow be triggering clearing of the errors .
The one basic fact I had was that a ) an error_already_set was reaching my catch and b ) when it arrived , there was no active python exception .
Based on what I knew of boost :: python and CPython , plus my faith in the two , it seemed wise to look for bugs in my code first .
Second , and more egregiously , I was debugging with release versions of boost and python .
In hindsight , this fact cost me more time than anything else .
I say this because , as soon as I got debugging versions ( unoptimized and with symbols ) , the bug had no place to hide and was easily found .
A few well - placed breakpoints plus some stepping through the translation code almost immediately shined a light on boost : : python : :import ( ) .
After that , it was only a few more steps to PyImport_Import ( ) and , ultimately , PyErr_Clear ( ) .
So , lesson learned .
With its
October release date steadily approaching , Microsoft announced today that it has released the code for its highly - anticipated operating system Windows 7 to PC manufacturers .
It means the company is pacing itself well for the fall release .
Just a day after Microsoft created a stir with news of a Windows 7 Family Pack , whereby the OS can be installed on up to three computers , the company has kept the hype up with today 's announcement that PC makers , including industry heavyweights Hewlett - Packard , Acer , and Dell , will now be loading Win7 on new computers .
( Source : arstechnica.com )
Win7 Road to Recovery
It 's good news for PC manufacturers and Microsoft , both of which need to recover from a rocky Vista release that saw underwhelming sales and less - than - satisfactory reviews .
In addition , the allure of a new , powerful operating system might tempt consumers to shell out more for a top - of - the - line laptop or desktop , both of which have struggled in the shadow of the suddenly almighty netbook .
Neither Microsoft nor PC manufacturers make big bucks off those economy - priced and packaged netbooks .
Many wonder if their Atom processors will be able to handle Win7 , and certainly Microsoft is betting that many consumers will choose to upgrade their PCs .
Windows 7 Goes " Gold "
As for Win7's Release to Manufacturing ( RTM ) , keep in mind that some manufacturers have been testing the OS for several months .
However , this ship - out is referred to as " gold code , " meaning that it 's virtually identical to what we 'll see in stores on October 22 .
( Source : reuters.com )
With just three months to go , Microsoft has managed to garner impressive pre-sales while avoiding any controversy ( you 'll recall that news of the infamous Windows Genuine Advantage emerged about the same time as Vista ) .
That alone seems to be an achievement .
A man uses a computer .
Movie directors , composers , authors , legal experts , policy - makers and others are meeting here this week to discuss the " threats and opportunities " the Internet poses to copyright in the digital age .
Movie directors , composers , authors , legal experts , policy - makers and others are meeting here this week to discuss the " threats and opportunities " the Internet poses to copyright in the digital age .
Some 500 delegates from more than 55 countries are scheduled to attend the 2nd World Copyright Summit being held on Tuesday and Wednesday at the Ronald Reagan Convention Center .
Web and software giants Google and Microsoft and representatives of movie , music and book rights societies are also among those attending the summit organized by the International Confederation of Societies of Authors and Composers ( CISAC ) , whose president is Bee Gees brother Robin Gibb .
French Culture Minister Christine Albanel , Hollywood director Milos Forman and US Senator Patrick Leahy , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , are among the nearly 100 speakers slated to address the gathering .
Looming over the summit is the threat posed to artists by digital piracy .
Organizer CISAC , listing the " key issues " for the summit , cited " How the digital media environment is providing common threats and opportunities to all creative repertoires . "
Kathy Garmezy , assistant executive director for government and international affairs of the Directors Guild of America , said that while counterfeit DVDs and the like remain a concern for the movie industry , the biggest danger is on the Internet .
" The counterfeiting kind of piracy is certainly a problem , " Garmezy said , " but it 's so much more manageable than online piracy . "
Delegates to the summit will be looking to hammer out a united approach to illegal downloading , she said .
" Just like the Internet is global , the battles are global and we can only win them with united action , " she told AFP .
" We have to find a way to reach common peace between those who think the Internet is free and the artists who create the works , " Garmezy said .
" This is not about spoiled artists or rich studios , " she added .
" It 's about the act of creation and the future of it .
Nobody 's going to stop piracy altogether but can you keep it to a point where it wo n't destroy you ? "
Garmezy and others praised the recent passage of a bill in France to combat Internet privacy that is considered one of the toughest in the world .
" We 're adamant about taking a stand to support the French , " she said .
The legislation sets up a " three - strikes " system for illegal downloaders of music or film who first receive an email warning , then a letter and finally lose their Internet account for up to a year if they are caught a third time .
Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) in the United States , however , have been notably reluctant to act as copyright " enforcers . "
The Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) announced in December that it planned to stop suing people who download music illegally and focus instead on getting ISPs to take action .
Six months later , however , no ISPs have publicly signed on to the program .
Phil Crosland , an executive vice president of the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers , said his organization was " trying to negotiate fair payment , whether it's with Yahoo ! , AOL or YouTube . "
" We 're finding it challenging to generate fair payment from many of these websites who are using the contents of our members , " he said .
" Composers of film and TV music are missing out on this migration to a mobile and Web world . "
On the Internet piracy front , Garmezy said " solutions have to be put in place that allow people to deal with the evolving technology . "
Theodore Feder , president of the Artists Rights Society , which represents visual artists such as painters , sculptors and photographers , said that promises to be an uphill battle .
" The technology will always be a little ahead of the policing and the monitoring , " he said .
According to industry estimates cited by the US Congressional International Anti-Piracy Caucus , global piracy costs US firms over 25 billion dollars in lost sales annually .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Lawmakers adopt bill to punish Internet piracy
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The leader of Lebanon 's governing pro-Western coalition has claimed victory over a Hezbollah - led bloc in the country 's parliamentary election .
Saad Hariri said his 14 March alliance would retain its majority in the 128 - seat parliament .
A key Christian ally of the Hezbollah - led alliance , which is supported by Syria and Iran , admitted defeat in Sunday 's elections .
Official results are due later on Monday .
Turnout was more than 50 % .
" Congratulations to you , congratulations to freedom , congratulations to democracy , " Mr Hariri told a crowd of his cheering supporters in the capital Beirut .
Saad Hariri said " the only winner is democracy in Lebanon " " There is no winner and loser in these elections , the only winner is democracy and Lebanon , " he added .
Mr Hariri 's coalition was expected to win 70 or 71 seats in the new assembly , while the Hezbollah alliance would get 58 seats , Lebanese media predicted .
That would almost exactly replicate the balance which existed in the last parliament .
The US , which had feared a possible Hezbollah - led bloc 's victory , will now be heaving a sigh of relief , the BBC's Jim Muir in Beirut says .
However , analysts predicted that the result would bring another period of political and inter-factional deadlock which has dominated the last four years .
Christian vote Interior Minister Ziad Baroud said turnout had exceeded that of the 2005 election and was " unheard of in the history of Lebanese elections " .
LEBANON ELECTIONS KEY FACTS 128- seat , divided along sectarian and communal lines - 64 for Muslims and 64 for Christians MPs elected for four - year terms Voting age 21 years Main factions
- 14 March Coalition : Future movement ; Progressive Socialist Party ; Christian Lebanese Forces ; Christian Phalangist party .
- 8 March Coalition : Hezbollah ; Amal movement headed by the parliamentary Speaker Nabih Birri ; Free Patriotic Movement of Gen Michel Aoun .
Crowds turn out for Lebanon vote
In pictures : Lebanon votes Christians - vote kingmakers Q&A : Lebanese elections explained Some three million people were eligible to cast ballots .
Voting was reported to have been trouble - free across the country , although there have been many reports of vote - buying and large numbers of expatriates being flown home for free to cast votes .
Under Lebanon 's power - sharing system , seats in the 128 - member parliament are split equally between the Muslim population and minority Christians , who make up an estimated one - third of Lebanese voters , with further sub - divisions for various religious sects .
Analysts had predicted that the result would depend on inter-Christian races in a few key constituencies .
Although the official results have yet to be announced in full , the Christian vote was believed to be split evenly between the two camps .
Hezbollah fielded only 11 candidates , though it is a powerful member of the broader opposition coalition , with Gen Michel Aoun 's group and the mainstream Shia movement Amal .
The pro-Western bloc was swept to power in 2005 , following the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in a car bombing in Beirut .
Popular discontent after that attack forced Syria to withdraw its troops from Lebanon , after a 29 - year presence , amid accusations of Syrian involvement .
The government in Damascus has strongly denied the claims .
The post -2005 unity coalition collapsed in November 2006 , with the resignation of all six pro-Syrian ministers , stripping it of representation by Lebanon 's largest confessional group , the Shia Muslims .
Parliament was unable to agree on a president and a unity government was only re-formed in May 2008 after the country teetered on the brink of full - scale civil war .
A major division has been over Hezbollah 's powerful guerrilla army , which pro-Western elements accuse of disrupting Lebanese stability but which Hezbollah supporters say is vital to resist the threat from Israel .
Are you in Lebanon ?
What are your hopes for the outcome of this election ?
Send us your views using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sammy Sosa , who joined with Mark McGwire in 1998 in a celebrated pursuit of baseball ’s single - season home run record , is among the players who tested positive for a performance - enhancing drug in 2003 , according to lawyers with knowledge of the drug - testing results from that year .
The disclosure that Sosa tested positive makes him the latest baseball star of the last two decades to be linked to performance enhancers , a group that now includes McGwire , Roger Clemens , Barry Bonds , Alex Rodriguez , Manny Ramirez and Rafael Palmeiro .
Sosa , who is sixth on Major League Baseball ’s career home run list and last played in 2007 , had long been suspected of using performance - enhancing drugs , but until now had never been publicly linked to a positive test .
In a recent interview with ESPN Deportes , Sosa , 40 , said he would “ calmly wait ” for his induction into baseball ’s Hall of Fame , for which he will become eligible in 2013 .
But his 2003 positive test , when he played for the Chicago Cubs , may seriously damage his chances of gaining entry to the Hall , a fate encountered by McGwire , who has attracted relatively little support from voters in his first three years on the ballot .
Spying is as familiar in Beirut as it was in post - war Vienna – there 's even a giant " Third Man " - type ferris wheel here – but the events of the last few days are growing more mysterious by the hour .
Over the past two weeks , a special unit of Lebanon 's Internal Security Force ( ISF ) has been arresting a clutch of Lebanese allegedly working as spies for Israel .
There are least 21 men and one woman under interrogation and the ISF has been regaling us all with the highly sophisticated Israeli communications equipment found hidden at their homes .
Those detained include a local journalist in the Bekaa Valley and a senior officer in the Lebanese army , a man who was wounded by Islamist gunmen at the battle of Nahr el - Bared in 2007 .
They 've even picked up a retired general and his wife .
Colonel Maurice Diab is a much respected soldier , although military officers say that questions were first raised some time ago when he was sent for training to the United States on a government grant but in a photograph taken on the course could be seen standing next to uniformed Israeli officers .
He lives in the north Beirut coastal suburb of Antelias , although other arrests are spread across eastern Lebanon and the border village of Rmeish .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
So far so good .
But it is becoming increasingly obvious that some of the " intelligence " behind these detentions – and more than 50 people in all have so far been questioned – came from the Shiite Hizbollah , who are , of course , Syria 's and Iran 's best friends in Lebanon .
This comes just a couple of weeks after four senior pro-Syrian Lebanese security officers were released from jail after being held on suspicion of helping to plan the assassination of ex-prime minister Rafiq Hariri and 21 others in 2005 .
So are the intelligence authorities in the country back to their old tricks of hooking up with Hizbollah ?
This is not an idle question , because Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah , Hizbollah 's chairman , is now demanding that Lebanese " collaborators " of Israel be executed .
Mr Nasrallah , it should be remembered , is the man who kicked off a war with Israel in 2006 , in which more than a thousand Lebanese were killed , and then called it a " divine victory " .
He enraged many Lebanese even more last week by describing the Hizbollah 's temporary armed takeover of West Beirut last year as a " glorious day " , even though dozens of Lebanese were killed .
Indeed for Sunni Muslims and a good many Christians , Mr Nasrallah – who appears on a giant Big Brother screen at Hizbollah rallies , speaking from his various hiding places – is talking as if he is the president of Lebanon rather than the actual office holder , the ex-general Michel Suleiman .
Add to this the growing belief that the Lebanese opposition , whose backbone is Hizbollah , might win next week 's national elections , and the arrest of an Israeli spy network takes on a much darker complexion .
The Israelis have indeed been trying to re-recruit some of their former Lebanese collaborators in order to re-establish their intelligence service there after their debacle in the 2006 Hizbollah war .
The best sources say that some of these men worked for Israel before the Israeli army left Lebanon in 2000 and that several of them turned the Israeli offer down flat while others actually informed the Lebanese authorities of the approach from Israel and may even have snitched to them on the identity of the men and the woman who have just been arrested .
Now the Americans are gently warning that if Hizbollah and its chums , including the Christian former General Michel Aoun , win the elections , it will have to " re-examine " its aid package to Lebanon which includes substantial , though largely out - of - date , equipment for the Lebanese army .
" Why are you worried ? "
Mr Nasrallah asked another of his interminable rallies last week .
" Iran and Syria can give equipment to the Lebanese army . "
The pot has now been further stirred by an incendiary and highly contentious article in Der Spiegel .
It reported that the UN Tribunal set up in the Hague to find ex-prime minister Hariri 's killers – the same tribunal that ordered the four generals released two weeks ago – is focusing on Hizbollah as the potential murderers .
A lie , says Mr Nasrallah , an " Israeli plot " .
The tribunal says it gave no such information to the German magazine .
And sure enough , Israeli defence minister Ehud Barak has now warned the world that if Hizbollah and its allies win the elections , Israel will have " greater freedom of action " .
Not without more spies it wo n't .
Israel 's intelligence performance in 2006 was lamentable .
It turned out that Hizbollah had actually got their hands on Israel 's own aerial photo - reconnaissance pictures of Lebanon , clearly showing which of Hizbollah 's bunkers had been identified and which had not .
If this latest spy network is real , the Israelis are not going to do much better next time round .
44 The Obama Presidency
As House and Senate Negotiate , Obama Fine - Tunes His Pitch
By Michael D. Shear and Debbi Wilgoren
President Obama on Wednesday will take his plea for health - care reform to audiences in North Carolina and southwest Virginia , armed with a bullet - point - style message that his aides are hoping will be persuasive .
The re-tooled pitch highlights eight ways that , the White House says , health - care consumers would be treated better by insurance companies if reform efforts pass .
It is n't exactly prime sound - bite material -- the catchiest title we could come up with is ' Eight No's , an Extension and a Guarantee , ' which does n't exactly roll off the tongue .
But the message is the latest attempt by the White House to cut through dense policy discussions in a way that busy , distracted citizens can understand .
Obama is also increasingly adding personal details to his pitch , telling an audience of retirees Tuesday about the experiences of his late mother and grandmother when they were seeking health care and revealing that he and first lady Michelle Obama both have living wills .
As the president tries to sell his reform message , lawmakers from both houses of Congress continue to debate different proposals for how to reform the health - care system .
House leaders emerged from nearly seven hours of closed - door talks late Tuesday without a deal , while a bipartisian group of senators
moved closer to consensus .
Obama has struggled mightily to articulate why he believes that people who already have insurance will benefit from changes to the system , which would cover millions of uninsured people and attempt to lower overall health - care costs to the government and society .
On his travels Wednesday -- to an audience at a high school in Raleigh , N.C. , and at a supermarket in Bristol , Va. -- the president will unveil the eight - part message , designed to convince the insurance masses that reform will be good for them .
Here , according to White House aides , are the key points :
* No Discrimination for Pre-Existing Conditions : Insurance companies will be prohibited from refusing you coverage because of your medical history .
* No Exorbitant Out - of - Pocket Expenses , Deductibles or Co-Pays : Insurance companies will have to abide by yearly caps on how much they can charge for out - of - pocket expenses .
* No Cost - Sharing for Preventive Care : Insurance companies must fully cover , without charge , regular checkups and tests that help you prevent illness , such as mammograms or eye and foot exams for diabetics .
* No Dropping of Coverage for Seriously Ill : Insurance companies will be prohibited from dropping or watering down insurance coverage for those who become seriously ill .
* No Gender Discrimination : Insurance companies will be prohibited from charging you more because of your gender .
* No Annual or Lifetime Caps on Coverage : Insurance companies will be prevented from placing annual or lifetime caps on the coverage you receive .
* Extended Coverage for Young Adults : Children would continue to be eligible for family coverage through the age of 26 .
* Guaranteed Insurance Renewal : Insurance companies will be required to renew any policy as long as the policyholder pays their premium in full .
Insurance companies wo n't be allowed to refuse renewal because someone became sick .
Posted at 9:03 AM ET on Jul 29 , 2009 | Category : 44 The Obama Presidency
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg
This
Previous : Liberal Discontent Grows on Health Care | Next : Clinton Plans to Visit Congo , Denounce Rape as a Tool of War
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : antonebraga | July 30 , 2009 6:19 AM
Posted by : seemstome | July 30 , 2009 2:50 AM
Posted by : seemstome | July 29 , 2009 10:01 PM
Posted by : toritto | July 29 , 2009 9:10 PM
Posted by : seemstome | July 29 , 2009 8:35 PM
Posted by : toritto | July 29 , 2009 8:17 PM
Posted by : seemstome | July 29 , 2009 7:30 PM
Posted by : Gator-ron | July 29 , 2009 6:17 PM
Posted by : medsearch | July 29 , 2009 5:57 PM
Posted by : Phil6 | July 29 , 2009 5:56 PM
Posted by : dbw1 | July 29 , 2009 4:44 PM
Posted by : anon07 | July 29 , 2009 4:26 PM
Posted by : newbeeboy | July 29 , 2009 3:53 PM
Posted by : newbeeboy | July 29 , 2009 3:51 PM
Posted by : snesich | July 29 , 2009 2:47 PM
Posted by : parkerfl1 | July 29 , 2009 2:46 PM
Posted by : MadasHelinVA | July 29 , 2009 2:43 PM
Posted by : Mizzoutiger1 | July 29 , 2009 2:15 PM
Posted by : scrivener50 | July 29 , 2009 2:03 PM
Posted by : harry9 | July 29 , 2009 1:52 PM
Posted by : harry9 | July 29 , 2009 1:29 PM
Posted by : harry9 | July 29 , 2009 1:19 PM
Posted by : spaganya | July 29 , 2009 1:10 PM
Posted by : JackSmith1 | July 29 , 2009 1:03 PM
Posted by : noHUCKABEEnoVOTE | July 29 , 2009 12:59 PM
Posted by : Gator-ron | July 29 , 2009 12:55 PM
Posted by : Chagasman | July 29 , 2009 12:49 PM
Posted by : BlueTwo1 | July 29 , 2009 12:46 PM
Posted by : demtse | July 29 , 2009 12:40 PM
Posted by : theobserver4 | July 29 , 2009 12:36 PM
Posted by : Gator-ron | July 29 , 2009 12:32 PM
Posted by : cujat13 | July 29 , 2009 12:32 PM
Posted by : Michael_A1 | July 29 , 2009 12:29 PM
Posted by : smi2le | July 29 , 2009 12:20 PM
Posted by : goldie2 | July 29 , 2009 12:20 PM
Posted by : johnnyspazm | July 29 , 2009 12:19 PM
Posted by : dcgrasso1 | July 29 , 2009 12:16 PM
Posted by : goldie2 | July 29 , 2009 12:15 PM
Posted by : ibralph | July 29 , 2009 12:13 PM
Posted by : johnnyspazm | July 29 , 2009 12:12 PM
Posted by : StJohn1 | July 29 , 2009 12:10 PM
Posted by : mattsoundworld | July 29 , 2009 12:09 PM
Posted by : goldie2 | July 29 , 2009 12:09 PM
Posted by : mongolovesheriff | July 29 , 2009 12:09 PM
Posted by : kimdwoody | July 29 , 2009 12:06 PM
Posted by : goldie2 | July 29 , 2009 12:06 PM
Posted by : DwightCollins | July 29 , 2009 12:04 PM
Posted by : goldie2 | July 29 , 2009 12:02 PM
Posted by : sulldeb | July 29 , 2009 11:57 AM
Posted by : Gator-ron | July 29 , 2009 11:56 AM
Posted by : harry9 | July 29 , 2009 11:56 AM
Posted by : magellan1 | July 29 , 2009 11:55 AM
Posted by : goldie2 | July 29 , 2009 11:55 AM
Posted by : godofwar | July 29 , 2009 11:54 AM
Posted by : Gator-ron | July 29 , 2009 11:52 AM
Posted by : KateSaunders | July 29 , 2009 11:51 AM
Posted by : Bosworth2 | July 29 , 2009 11:47 AM
Posted by : pattipace7 | July 29 , 2009 11:47 AM
Posted by : debmries | July 29 , 2009 11:46 AM
Posted by : anon07 | July 29 , 2009 11:45 AM
Posted by : BettyW1 | July 29 , 2009 11:45 AM
Posted by : kathymac1 | July 29 , 2009 11:42 AM
Posted by : AtlasShrugged1 | July 29 , 2009 11:38 AM
Posted by : LilOldRetiredLady | July 29 , 2009 11:38 AM
Posted by : Gator-ron | July 29 , 2009 11:38 AM
Posted by : goldie2 | July 29 , 2009 11:34 AM
Posted by : jmcdavisum | July 29 , 2009 11:29 AM
Posted by : georgedixon1 | July 29 , 2009 11:29 AM
Posted by : Gator-ron | July 29 , 2009 11:26 AM
Posted by : goldie2 | July 29 , 2009 11:24 AM
Posted by : hendrofl | July 29 , 2009 11:23 AM
Posted by : claudiam1 | July 29 , 2009 11:23 AM
Posted by : LiberalBasher | July 29 , 2009 11:22 AM
Posted by : LiberalBasher | July 29 , 2009 11:21 AM
Posted by : goldie2 | July 29 , 2009 11:20 AM
Posted by : hz9604 | July 29 , 2009 11:19 AM
Posted by : liberalview21 | July 29 , 2009 11:18 AM
Posted by : rplat | July 29 , 2009 11:16 AM
Posted by : JohnDinHouston | July 29 , 2009 11:15 AM
Posted by : post5811 | July 29 , 2009 11:14 AM
Posted by : goldie2 | July 29 , 2009 11:12 AM
Posted by : purbam2001 | July 29 , 2009 11:12 AM
Posted by : debmries | July 29 , 2009 11:11 AM
Posted by : America4 Ever | July 29 , 2009 11:10 AM
Posted by : LiberalBasher | July 29 , 2009 11:10 AM
Posted by : MadasHelinVA | July 29 , 2009 11:08 AM
Posted by : winchestereast | July 29 , 2009 11:07 AM
Posted by : jordan77 | July 29 , 2009 11:07 AM
Posted by : goldie2 | July 29 , 2009 11:06 AM
Posted by : Cyclopsina | July 29 , 2009 11:06 AM
Posted by : boosterprez | July 29 , 2009 11:01 AM
Posted by : sondysue819 | July 29 , 2009 11:00 AM
Posted by : parkerfl1 | July 29 , 2009 10:59 AM
Posted by : theobserver4 | July 29 , 2009 10:58 AM
Posted by : scrivener50 | July 29 , 2009 10:58 AM
Posted by : thomgr | July 29 , 2009 10:57 AM
Posted by : CrazyWorld1 | July 29 , 2009 10:56 AM
Posted by : oronine | July 29 , 2009 10:54 AM
Posted by : winchestereast | July 29 , 2009 10:54 AM
Posted by : stodayxx | July 29 , 2009 10:53 AM
Posted by : thomgr | July 29 , 2009 10:50 AM
Posted by : wodon1836 | July 29 , 2009 10:48 AM
Posted by : transparency 1 | July 29 , 2009 10:43 AM
Posted by : billisnice | July 29 , 2009 10:41 AM
Posted by : sandynh | July 29 , 2009 10:39 AM
Posted by : LarryG62 | July 29 , 2009 10:38 AM
Posted by : Victoria5 | July 29 , 2009 10:36 AM
Posted by : janecarroll1 | July 29 , 2009 10:34 AM
Posted by : billisnice | July 29 , 2009 10:33 AM
Posted by : jmcdavisum | July 29 , 2009 10:27 AM
Posted by : kilgore_nobiz | July 29 , 2009 10:25 AM
Posted by : janecarroll1 | July 29 , 2009 10:21 AM
Posted by : hotdad14 | July 29 , 2009 10:19 AM
Posted by : Lib1 | July 29 , 2009 10:19 AM
Posted by : ChangeWhat | July 29 , 2009 10:16 AM
Posted by : mikehester | July 29 , 2009 10:14 AM
Posted by : janecarroll1 | July 29 , 2009 10:11 AM
Posted by : sherardg | July 29 , 2009 10:11 AM
Posted by : StandAgainstSocialism | July 29 , 2009 10:10 AM
Posted by : kevin1231 | July 29 , 2009 10:10 AM
Posted by : StandAgainstSocialism | July 29 , 2009 10:08 AM
Posted by : boosterprez | July 29 , 2009 10:06 AM
Posted by : tinyjab40 | July 29 , 2009 10:03 AM
Posted by : Fletch_F_Fletch | July 29 , 2009 10:01 AM
Posted by : boosterprez | July 29 , 2009 9:59 AM
Posted by : sm73 | July 29 , 2009 9:59 AM
Posted by : oronine | July 29 , 2009 9:56 AM
Posted by : AJBF | July 29 , 2009 9:49 AM
Posted by : robinhood2 | July 29 , 2009 9:47 AM
Posted by : mmundius | July 29 , 2009 9:46 AM
Posted by : ssunn4 | July 29 , 2009 9:45 AM
Posted by : cpwash | July 29 , 2009 9:45 AM
Posted by : theobserver4 | July 29 , 2009 9:43 AM
Posted by : bruce18 | July 29 , 2009 9:37 AM
Posted by : mrteachwv12 | July 29 , 2009 9:36 AM
Posted by : boosterprez | July 29 , 2009 9:34 AM
Posted by : bruce18 | July 29 , 2009 9:33 AM
Posted by : IanGilbert | July 29 , 2009 9:30 AM
Posted by : gbnashe | July 29 , 2009 9:28 AM
Posted by : nrosenwasser | July 29 , 2009 9:17 AM
Posted by : DOps | July 29 , 2009 9:17 AM
Posted by : loudountaxrevolt | July 29 , 2009 9:15 AM
Posted by : wheeljc | July 29 , 2009 9:13 AM
Posted by : henk2 | July 29 , 2009 9:05 AM
Posted by : KBlit | July 29 , 2009 9:04 AM
Posted by : Economistfish | July 29 , 2009 9:01 AM
Posted by : appalchianMD | July 29 , 2009 8:56 AM
Posted by : pofinpa | July 29 , 2009 8:47 AM
Posted by : Maddogg | July 29 , 2009 8:36 AM
Posted by : foofoofoo | July 29 , 2009 8:34 AM
Posted by : russpoter | July 29 , 2009 8:25 AM
Posted by : charko825 | July 29 , 2009 8:18 AM
Posted by : wodon1836 | July 29 , 2009 8:13 AM
Posted by : scrivener50 | July 29 , 2009 8:02 AM
A senior Microsoft figure recently made the statement that the success of Windows 7 could lead critics to change their minds about 'ol Vista .
But a major newspaper is predicting Vista 's unpopularity means the upgrade process to Windows 7 will be " frustrating , tedious and labor - intensive " for many .
Steve Guggenheimer is Microsoft 's vice president in charge of OEM , meaning he oversees the way the company 's products are pre-installed by computer manufacturers .
In an interview with ChannelWeb , he argued that once Windows 7 is released in October , people will realize that Vista had its strong points .
Win7 and Vista Similar
Despite that strange argument , Guggenheimer is n't suggesting Windows 7 will be so bad it makes Vista look good .
Instead he believes the two systems are so similar , users who appreciate Windows 7 will realize many of the fundamentals were already present in Vista .
( Source : crn.com )
There 's some truth to the idea that the poor response to Vista 's negatives overshadowed its positives .
It 's also fair to note that much of Vista 's poor reputation was caused by problems in the original release which were fixed in the first service pack .
However , Guggenheimer 's comments may come too late to change opinions , and may even leave some would - be buyers wary about Windows 7 .
Win7 Upgrade Hassles
One situation where Vista will look good is the upgrade process to Windows 7 .
It was already widely known in the tech world that the upgrade process would be much smoother with Vista than XP , but now the point has received mainstream coverage in the Wall Street Journal , which wo n't help Microsoft 's reputation .
Win7 Fundamentally Different Than XP
While Windows 7 has the same underlying structure as Vista , it 's fundamentally different than XP .
That means XP users can't simply install Windows 7 by inserting a disk .
Instead , the process involves completely wiping the hard drive , meaning users must back up all of their data first .
After installing Windows 7 , they must then reinstall all their programs and hardware .
( Source : wsj.com )
Microsoft argues that the best option for XP users is to simply buy a new computer .
That may be true in technical terms , but as the Wall Street Journal points out , it 's a tough argument to sell , particularly during a recession .
Perhaps one of the most known projects of ElbertF , the IE6ify Bookmarklet .
He has managed to reproduce exactly how websites were likely to look like in Internet Explorer 6 ( IE6 ) all thanks to a simple bookmarklet .
Individuals usually neglect just how much of a monopolistic juggernaut Microsoft once was : Web Explorer 6 , at its optimal in 2004 , thanks to its packing with Windows XP , was utilized by virtually 90 % of Internet users .
Then a little wonder happened : Firefox 1 launched and also IE has actually shed market share ever since .
That was quite differently in the beginning of the 2010 decade , where just 12 % of Internet surfers were using Internet web explorer ( IE6 ) .
And that % was mainly thanks to China , South Korea and various other Asian nations .
Since then , the game has changed completely and actually we are facing another monopoly , this time coming from Chrome .
Despite of that , this article was made to recover how some of us still laugh at how those past web browser passed away with an unpleasant and ignoble death .
Mainly because its user experience was really bad .
IE6ify : IE6 always having a special place in our hearts
Yet , similar to the bawdy and animated phosphorescence of Geocities , the misaligned chaos of IE6 will constantly have a special place in our hearts .
For a lot of Dot-com Bubble programmers , off - by - one - pixel CSS borders and also disgustingly convoluted hacks to make IE6 and also Firefox look alike were a way of living .
That ’s why one resourceful programmer has produced back in the days the IE6ify , a bookmarklet that refines your existing page with the IE6 providing algorithm – or its best estimate , anyhow .
Drop it onto your book marking bar , head over to your favored site , and struck the switch .
Marvel as IE6ify breaks and also twists innocent HTML as well as CSS until it howls .
You may need to hit the button a few times to make the adjustments much more recognizable .
In September 1998 , California bankruptcy court records indicate that Patty and her first husband declared bankruptcy .
The financial statement they filed with the court indicated family income of $ 174,000 in 1996 , $ 87,000 in 1997 , and $ 126,000 in the first nine months of 1998 .
The income fluctuations are not surprising , given that her husband was in the film production industry .
By the time of the filing , the couple owed about $ 30,000 on 8 credit cards , over $ 200,000 in back taxes , and almost $ 15,000 in private school tuition , as well as substantial car and mortgage payments .
In 2007 , nearly as soon as she was eligible , Patty Barreiro filed again in Montgomery Country .
When called for comment yesterday , Andrews was unavailable , but there is no question that it is his wife : his income and occupation are prominently featured in the docket .
This is really highly unusual .
For starters , the overwhelming majority of people who file bankruptcy do not make anything close to $ 100,000 a year -- the standard estimate when the 2005 bankruptcy reform was passed was that about 80 % of filers had household incomes below the median income in their state .
The number of affluent people who file twice is even smaller , and has presumably gone down since the 2005 filing largely eliminated abusive serial Chapter 13 filings , which used to be used , often by quite wealthy people , to forestall evictions or foreclosure .
The bankruptcy code requires filers to wait 8 years after a previous Chapter 7 discharge .
Barely four months after she became eligible , Patty Barreiro filed again .
And the filing shows some suggestion of strategic debt management .
Ms. Barreiro filed separately from Andrews , and had to amend the filing to include Andrews ' income after a complaint from a creditor who wanted to force her into a Chapter 13 repayment plan .
She filed when her income was at rock bottom , consisting only of unemployment ; the timing may have just excluded having to declare $ 5,000 in freelance editing income Andrews mentions in the book .
And she shed what appear to be jointly incurred debts , such as a Comcast account .
Comcast does not service the address listed on the 1998 filing , but as I can attest ( to my sorrow ) , it is the main cable provider in Silver Spring , where she moved to live with Andrews in 2004 .
Serial bankruptcies can , of course , happen to anyone with enough bad luck .
But they usually do n't .
And when they do , they usually hit people with marginal incomes that leave no margin for error in the budget .
Most people , even in LA , are able to build a sustainable budget out of an income in the low six figures .
Moreover , pesky bad luck is n't really the picture painted by either filing .
Rather , Ms. Barreiro seems to have spent most of the last two decades living right up to the edge of her income , and beyond , and then massively defaulting .
If you structure your finances so that absolutely everything has to go right , it 's hard to blame the mortgage company when you do n't quite make it .
FRANKFURT /HAMBURG
( Reuters ) -
The families that own Porsche are close to a compromise agreement that could defuse the power struggle over control of the German carmaking powerhouse they seek to forge , sources close to the transaction told Reuters on Friday .
A sports car of German car manufacturer Porsche is seen outside a Porsche dealer in Frankfurt , June 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Kai Pfaffenbach
“ They are getting closer , ” one of the sources said .
The compromise model , now supported by Porsche Chairman Wolfgang Porsche , envisions VW absorbing Porsche ’s healthy sports car business , Porsche AG , as VW Chairman Ferdinand Piech has been proposing , another source said .
VW would initially get just under half of Porsche AG , while holding company Porsche SE would remain entirely controlled by the Porsche and Piech families under the plan that has been approved in principle by the families , the sources added .
Qatar would take over derivative contracts owned by Porsche that would give the Gulf state a 20 percent stake in Volkswagen , Europe ’s biggest carmaker , the sources said .
A deal along these lines would undercut Porsche Chief Executive Wendelin Wiedeking , who on Thursday evening had to deny speculation that he was about to leave the group .
German magazine Der Spiegel reported that Porsche ’s owners had already agreed to replace him as head of the sports car business with production chief Michael Macht .
The magazine said it remained open who would succeed Wiedeking as Porsche SE head .
Porsche shares fell 1.4 percent and Volkswagen stock eased 0.4 percent by 1350 GMT ( 9:50 a.m. EDT ) , lagging a 1.1 percent gain in the DJ Stoxx European car sector index .
Porsche said it was unaware of plans to replace Wiedeking .
VW declined comment .
AUTOMOTIVE EMPIRE
Piech , a co-owner of Porsche , has been pushing to buy Porsche AG as a way to add a 10th brand to his sprawling automotive empire that ranges from tiny VW models to high - end Bugattis and Lamborghinis to heavy trucks .
Piech ’s cousin Wolfgang Porsche and Wiedeking had fought such a sale .
The boards of both companies meet separately in Porsche ’s home town of Stuttgart on July 23 .
Porsche had to abandon plans to take full control of its much larger peer as its debt mounted -- sources told Reuters on Wednesday its net debt has surpassed 10 billion euros ( $ 14.11 billion ) -- just as global car markets collapsed .
That left Porsche with a 51 percent stake in VW , which agreed on May 6 to enter talks on creating an integrated car group .
Porsche , whose Porsche AG unit makes the famed 911 sports car , has been in talks for weeks with Qatar about selling a minority stake or a package of options that control 20 percent of VW shares .
An Englishman 's home is no longer his castle .
It is , in fact , his shed .
The humble garden shed , now often upgraded to a " garden room " , has been quietly undergoing a rather spectacular makeover in recent years .
Annual awards are now given out for the best shed and there are websites dedicated to " sheddies " and their fabulous creations .
After all , who does n't secretly want a shed .
It 's about so much more than a place to stash the lawnmower .
Paul Barton of roomworks .co.uk says : " It 's a place to escape , and what 's great about it is that a bigger shed is not necessarily a better one , so for once there 's no pressure .
It has a lot to do with nostalgia – it brings memories of carefree , happy times , playing hide - and - seek , having a crafty fag , maybe a first kiss .
" But the changing economy has also made a difference .
People are losing their jobs and re-evaluating the way they work and play .
For some , it 's about pursuing a long - held dream to start their own business , for others , it 's about splitting their job between home and office working . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Barton , whose creations have included a floating office shed for someone who had a river at the bottom of his garden , adds that the joy of designing a shed is that it does n't have to fit with the style of the house , so you can really let your imagination rip .
" Remember – this year 's teenage hang - out could be next year 's hobby room or office .
Be imaginative and remember that if you want to use it all year round , you need something that is fully insulated . "
Which means , in a nutshell , that you will have to pay for it .
Alex Johnson of www.shedworking.co.uk and author of the forthcoming Shedworking : The Alternative Workplace Revolution says that for about £ 5,000 , you should be able to get a very good home office .
" If someone starts working from home and saving several thousand pounds a year in commuting , then a shed can start paying for itself very quickly , " he says .
Now , you do need to be aware that there are rules about the size of the shed you can install before you need to seek planning permission .
Under the new laws that came into force last October , sheds are considered to be permitted development , which means they do n't need planning permission , as long as you stick to a few guidelines ( full details can be found at www.planningportal.co.uk).
Philip Goldstone of The Garden Room Company says that such outbuildings – his are so much more than a simple shed – are gaining in popularity all the time , but offers the following rule of thumb .
" The main one is that a shed should be two metres away from the boundary of your property , and then you do n't need planning permission .
If your land is n't big enough for that , you can ask for permission to put it only one metre away , and as long as you get on with the neighbours and keep them informed , it should n't be a problem .
" With more people working from home and perhaps using the spare room as their office , building a garden room allows them to reclaim that bedroom and work in the garden , " he said .
" They are great for music rooms or lessons , or as a gym as well as an office .
Our products come fully finished with plasterboarded walls , electric power , sockets , lighting , laminated floors , double glazing and insurance - rated locks . "
Ah , yes .
It is ultimately a shed that you are planning to fill with expensive computers , hi-fis and the like .
You need to make sure that the locks are good and the windows are strong , and then you need to ring your insurance company and have its contents added to your policy .
Once you have decided on what you want to use your shed for , it 's about how much you want to spend .
Obviously it 's a lot cheaper than an extension and , as most of them can be assembled in a week , it 's a lot less dusty and disruptive .
It 's also worth pointing out that a good shed will create some prospective buyer lust for those of you who plan on selling up leaving your shed one day .
As with most things in life ( especially when it comes to homes ) , it 's about what you can afford and what you are prepared to spend .
B&Q have a basic shed from £ 699 , although that is a basic garden storage model .
Roostuk have some fabulous creations that are just short of £ 20,000 .
So it 's up to you and your bank manager to decide what you can have .
Let 's not forget that George Bernard Shaw worked from a shed at the bottom of his garden – albeit a revolving one that moved to catch the sun – so buy yourself a shed , a best - selling publication may follow and you could recoup your money .
Anastasiasaffiliate.com is one of our most important advertisers with competitive dating offers .
Their support is great , the AM answers us carefully and fast .
In fact , we do not have any big problem with them since we have worked together half year ago , everything goes smoothly .
It is luck to have a professional dating advertiser like them .
If you have the opportunity to work with them , I highly recommend it .
The issue of food has been one of my biggest environmental concerns for a while now .
Not only because it ’s so important for the environment , but really because it ’s just important , period .
Food in our society
In our modern western society , we ’ve become disconnected from the significance of food .
We simply do n’t think about food any more .
At best , we think about whether food is healthy , or fattening , or expensive .
We forget that for most of human history , the primary concern of all humans has been getting enough to eat .
Food has always been important from a spiritual perspective , too .
Christians have just finished ( or are now finishing , depending on what calendar you use ) the season of Lent , one of the great fasts of the church year .
But in America , hardly any churches actually keep a fast any more ; if they do , it usually involves simply “ giving something up ” for Lent , usually something like chocolate or Coke or computers .
It no longer means a true fast from food .
But the early church followed strict dietary recommendations of abstaining from meat , dairy , and alcohol–foods that were more expensive , more luxurious , and more enjoyable .
The Orthodox Church still follows this regime , recommending a vegan diet , not only for Lent , but for numerous shorter fasts as well that amount to nearly half the year .
But for the most part , modern Christians have disconnected the idea of fasting from the reality of food .
It ’s too physical , too basic , too obvious to have a spiritual value in our minds .
Eating and waste
But the truth is that eating is one of the primary ways we interact with ourselves and with our environment .
We are part of the food chain , whether we like it or not .
Eating is the most central , basic way that we play a part in our local ecosystem .
Except , of course , that for most of us , the food we eat has nothing to do with our local ecosystem .
The average plate of food in America has traveled around 1,500 miles before it ’s eaten , creating a lot of waste along the way .
It uses fossil fuels at every step of its existence : as fertilizer while it ’s growing , as fuel while it ’s traveling , as plastic in packaging , and as heat when it ’s cooked .
Our food system is one of our top contributors to global warming , to pollution , and to our disconnection from the environment .
So how can we eat in a way that ’s more sustainable ?
First , of course , you can eat local .
Alisa Smith and J.B. McKinnon wrote
The Hundred - Mile Diet , a book about their experience of eating locally for a year .
They defined local , obviously , as within a hundred miles from their home .
Barbara Kingsolver wrote about a similar experiment in Animal , Vegetable , Miracle .
Reading about families who tried this experiment will make you realize what an undertaking it would be as a way of life .
Eating local means cutting out many foods that are ubiquitous in the American diet ; it means eating in season , when many city - dwellers do n’t even know what foods are in season when .
And it means reducing waste .
But the benefits are extraordinary .
Changing your eating habits will change the way you think about yourself : you will recognize that you are part of a system , part of nature , dependent on the patterns of nature and the grace of God .
If you want to go even farther toward sustainability than local eating will take you , you can also eat vegan .
Meat , no matter how free - range , organic , or sustainably raised , is a more energy - intensive way to obtain food than fruits and vegetables .
The lower on the food chain that you eat , the less energy was required for your food .
It takes a lot of grass to make a cow , but it takes only sunlight and soil to make a potato .
And even though it takes a lot of potatoes ( around 4,000 ) to equal the calories you ’d get from a cow , the land required –and the drain on the land–is still less for the potatoes .
Finally , if you want to be extremely green , you can eat raw .
My friend Stephanie is a great example of this .
She does n’t eat completely raw ( although she does eat vegan ) , but she ’s come up with a simple way to reduce how much she cooks : she turns off the gas service .
She saves money by not having a gas bill , but since her stove is gas , she also ends up cooking a lot less .
She has an electric hot plate and a skillet , but they ’re more difficult to use .
So she creates more raw meals .
Raw food is healthier , and , of course , it does n’t use any energy to cook .
Of course , you can use these ideas sparingly without becoming an environmental nazi about your food .
You can eat more local food ; you can skip meat once or twice a week ; you can eat an occasional raw meal .
Or , you could combine all these ideas and eat only local , vegan , raw food , all the time .
Which I guess that would make you a hunter - gatherer–or actually , just a gatherer .
To be honest , I think it would also make you hungry all the time .
At least it would make me hungry .
But hey , at least cleaning the kitchen would be easy .
Mark Brongersma
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A century after German physicist Gustav
Mie derived the math to explain why the colors in some stained glass windows look especially resplendent in the sunlight , a team of Stanford engineers has built upon his work to potentially improve a means of harvesting energy from the sun .
In 1907 Mie realized that tiny metal particles in stained glass scattered light in ways that produced beautiful colors .
Now , a related interplay between light and matter explains why incredibly thin " nanowires " made of semiconductors like germanium may prove to be effective components for solar cells .
Combining
Mie 's work with more recent theory , the Stanford team has discerned how to tune and improve the light absorption efficiency of the wires .
Their research appears in the July 5 online edition of the journal Nature Materials .
" For many solar cells if you can get just a couple of percent improvement in energy conversion efficiency , people are very happy , " said Mark Brongersma , an associate professor of materials science and engineering and a senior author on the paper .
" Here we show that we can boost the light absorption by a factor of 10 for some wires at some wavelengths of light .
Researchers around the world are already investigating the use of nanowires in solar cells and there is a potential to get significant boosts in their efficiencies . "
Because the work explains how to improve light absorption with germanium , a material compatible with computer chips , it may also have applications in improving data communications by bridging optical and electronic signals , even in the smallest spaces on densely packed chips .
( With a similar goal , a separate team of Stanford researchers recently demonstrated a way of producing strong light signals using a combination of silicon and germanium .
Their research appeared in the June 8 edition of the journal Optics Express . )
In the work by Brongersma 's team , the germanium nanowires were as thin as 10 nanometers in radius ( 1 nanometer is a billionth of a meter ) .
They were grown by Joon - Shik Park , a visiting researcher from the Korea Electronics Technology Institute in the group of materials science and engineering Professor Bruce Clemens .
Brongersma doctoral student Linyou Cao , the lead author on the paper and main driver of the research , hooked the germanium wires up electrically and showed that in the presence of visible and infrared light they act like wispy antennas , capturing particularly resonant wavelengths of the light and bouncing them around inside the wire .
Because the resonant light bounces around for a while , it has a larger chance to be absorbed in the semiconducting material .
When it is absorbed , it excites electrical charges in the material that can be measured as an electrical current from the wire .
In a solar panel , that current is the electricity the panel generates .
The crux of the team 's discovery is that different sizes of wire will absorb different frequencies of light more efficiently .
The experimental results matched theory developed by Cao and simulations by doctoral student and co-author Justin White .
The thinnest wires , say 10 billionths of a meter across , are good for absorbing red- orange light .
Larger wires absorb longer wavelengths , stretching into the infrared part of the spectrum .
To make optimal solar panels with germanium nanowires , it may be necessary to use a variety of nanowire diameters , or perhaps a specialized type of nanowire that shows resonances at several different wavelengths .
Engineers have become increasingly capable of making nanowires of different sizes , Brongersma says .
" Nanotechnology has provided us with an ever - increasing control over nanostructure dimensions and this control can now be used to engineer desired absorption spectra for specific applications , " the authors wrote in the paper .
Also in the paper , the team figured out another parameter for tuning absorption : the angle at which light strikes the nanowires .
Depending on the diameter of the wire , some angles will yield better absorption at some frequencies and other angles will yield better absorption at other frequencies .
Brongersma said the team 's next goal is to build prototype solar cells that make use of the tuning guidelines established in the Nature Materials paper .
Provided by Stanford University ( news : web )
Explore further Researchers think pink to produce ' green ' solar energy
German has 5,000 new words - many inspired by English
Around 5,000 new words have been officially added to the German language - many of them from the English - speaking world .
The newcomers appear in the latest edition of the respected German dictionary , Duden .
Germans can now go to " eine After - Show - Party " , as long as it is not " eine No - Go Area " , and meet " das It Girl " - if she does not have " der Babyblues " .
Fans of social networking can also " twittern " , which means to Twitter .
The financial crisis has inspired many of the new entries in the 135,000 - word dictionary .
' Kreditklemme '
Appearing for the first time are " Kreditklemme " ( credit crunch ) , " Konjunkturpaket " ( stimulus package ) and " Abwrackpraemie " ( car scrappage bonus ) .
The word " Ehrenmord " ( honour killing ) also makes it into the dictionary , which was published on Wednesday .
The German language is known for its extremely long compound nouns .
And the new edition includes a 23 - letter example : " Vorratsdatenspeicherung " , which means telecommunications data retention .
The first Duden dictionary was produced in 1880 and consisted of just 27,000 words .
The recovery of peregrine falcons is one of the great success stories of conservation .
Now their population in Florida has rebounded enough to remove them from the state ’s endangered species list .
Upon approving their removal from the list , the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission called the combined efforts of wildlife managers and individuals to save the species “ one of the best examples of wise conservation practices . ”
[ social_buttons ]
The birds of prey were nearly killed off entirely by 1975 due to the widespread use of DDT and other pesticides .
In just around 35 years , their population dropped from 20,000 to only 650 .
It was the near demise of species like the peregrine falcon which led to the outlawing of DDT , and due to sound conservation practices and education there are now between 2,000 and 3,000 breeding pairs of American peregrines throughout North America .
Despite the good news , threats still remain for the species .
The range of many birds stretch into Central American countries where pesticide contamination is still a big problem , and where regulations are often absent .
Peregrines are the fastest birds in the world , reaching over 200 miles an hour as they dive for their prey .
They also mate for life and continue to breed in the same area for life too , which is part of what makes them so sensitive to harmful changes in their local ecosystem .
Although the falcons do not breed in Florida , thousands of birds pass through the state every autumn during their seasonal migration .
Source : AHN
Image Credit : David Forster on Flickr under a CC License
When technology makes knowledge globally available , reshaping the economics of buying and selling it becomes crucial ( Image : Louie Psihoyos / Science Faction / Corbis )
TEN years ago , a piece of software called Napster taught us that scarcity is no longer a law of nature .
The physics of our universe would allow everyone with access to a networked computer to enjoy , for free , every song , every film , every book , every piece of research , every computer program , every last thing that could be made out of digital ones and zeros .
The question became not , will nature allow it , but will our legal and economic system ever …
An ice cream advert for Gelato was banned after readers said it was offensive
Antonio Federici said the promotional material , which appeared in two magazines , was intended to portray the " forbidden Italian temptations " that its Gelato Italiano ice cream represented .
But the ASA announced that the complaints had been upheld and banned the advert from future use .
The company said its advert was intended as a " light - hearted , tongue - in - cheek portrayal " .
But 10 people complained to the ASA that the suggestion of a kiss between a priest and a nun was offensive .
They said it was demeaning to people who followed a " religious vocation " .
" The ad played on the theme of giving into temptation but stopped short of showing the nun and priest kissing , " the ASA said .
" The ad stated ' kiss temptation ' and the two were portrayed in a seductive pose , as if they were about to kiss passionately .
" We considered that the portrayal of the priest and nun in a sexualised manner - and the implication that they were considering whether or not to give in to temptation - was likely to cause serious offence to some readers . "
Antonio Federici had argued that there was nothing in the advert , which appeared in the Delicious Magazine and Sainsbury 's Magazine , that would cause " serious or widespread offence " .
Seven Squared Publishing , who published the titles , said they were aimed at a target audience aged between 25 and 55 .
The publishers told the ASA that they felt the material was unlikely to offend their readers but have apologised and said they would not re-use it .
I remember many years ago being required to copyedit a study of white racists for a social - psychology journal .
We ’re talking out - and - out , unreconstructed racists , the kind of people who think watermelon on the White House lawn cartoons are funny .
Somewhere among the p values and chi squares I picked up the finding that white racists sincerely believe that all other whites are as racist as they are , and if they do n’t act that way they ’re just being “ politically correct ” to conform .
The authors of this study also defined “ bias ” as a strategy for conserving cognitive resources , which I believe may have been the single most brilliant thing I ever read in a social psychology study .
Not that I ’ve read a lot of social psychology studies , mind you .
This past week , between the Senate Republicans ’ performance in the Sotomayor hearings and the Pat Buchanan - Rachel Baddow exchange on MSNBC , there has been about as much unreconstructed racism on public display as I ’ve seen since I moved out of the Ozarks .
And when Pat Buchanan made the sexist conflation of Sonia Sotomayor with Harriet Miers one did wonder what century Uncle Pat had time - warped from .
And the thing that ’s so glaringly obvious from watching all this is that the whole crew of bigots is utterly unconscious about it .
They do n’t perceive their biases as biases .
Frank Rich also makes the point that the troglodytes do n’t realize the rest of White America does n’t think the way they do .
The hearings were pure â€ œAlice in Wonderland.â€ Reality was turned upside down .
Southern senators who relate every question to race , ethnicity and gender just assumed that their unreconstructed obsessions are Americaâ€™s and that the country would find them riveting .
Instead the country yawned .
The Sotomayor questioners also assumed a Hispanic woman , simply for being a Hispanic woman , could be portrayed as The Other and patronized like a greenhorn unfamiliar with How We Do Things Around Here .
The senators seemed to have no idea they were describing themselves when they tried to caricature Sotomayor as an overemotional , biased ideologue .
At this point , the die hards of the Hard Right are reminding me of Joe McCarthy in the Army - McCarthy Hearings .
McCarthy ’s witch hunts against Communism had made him a hero to many Americans who only read about him in newspapers .
But by 1954 , the year the hearings were held , most Americans had a television set , and the Senate hearings looking into the Army ’s accusations of McCarthy , and vice versa , riveted the nation .
And when the nation saw the unvarnished , unedited McCarthy in action , they were shocked .
McCarthy appears to have had no idea how he was coming across on television .
They had n’t invented media consultants yet , I guess .
After Joseph N. Welch ’s famous “ Have you left no sense of decency ? ” comment , and the audience in the gallery broke into applause , a stunned McCarthy turned to Roy Cohn and stammered , “ What happened ? ”
The past few days we ’ve seen a lot of unfiltered and unedited wingnutism .
Between the Senate Republicans , the Stanford - Ensign - whoever else got caught recently debacles , and the right - wing freak shows known as “ tea parties , ” I think most of the country is ready to scream , “ Have you no sense of decency , sir , at long last ?
Have you left no sense of decency ? ”
Share Tweet Share
Like this : Like Loading ...
Former Telstra boss Sol Trujillo has taken a parting shot at Australia after his controversial reign at the telco , labelling the country racist and backward .
The American executive 's four years as Telstra CEO , which earned him more than $ 30 million , were marked by his clashes with the Federal Government .
Mr Trujillo quietly slipped out of Australia a week - and - a - half ago , more than a month ahead of his expected June 30 exit date .
In February , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd selected just one word to respond to news that Mr Trujillo was leaving Telstra and Australia : Adios .
" Many Australians have come up to me and they 've apologised , because they 're embarrassed by that kind of behaviour , " Mr Trujillo told the BBC from the United States .
" I think by definition [ it was racism ] - there were even columnists who wrote stories that said it was .
" But my point is that does exist and it's got to change because the world is full of a lot of people and most economies have to take advantage - including Australia - of a diverse set of people .
" If there is a belief that only a certain people are acceptable versus others , that is a sad state . "
Mr Trujillo says being in Australia is like " stepping back in time " .
" Just simply because some of the policies , some of the laws , or more recent , when you think of immigration policies that were n't changed until 30 years ago or so , which were very restrictive , " he said .
Mr Trujillo presided over a 37 per cent share slump and battled both the Howard and Rudd governments .
A spokeswoman for Mr Rudd says Mr Trujillo 's statements are ridiculous comments which will disappoint Australians who welcomed him to this country .
June 17 , 2009
Todd Chretien asks how the Party of Socialism and Liberation could support China 's Stalinist ruling class in its crushing of the Tiananmen Square uprising in 1989 .
TWENTY YEARS ago this month , the Chinese government cracked down on student and worker protests in Tiananmen Square .
While socialists and revolutionaries of all stripes around the world defended the protesters , the forerunners of the Party for Socialism and Liberation ( PSL ) sided with the tanks -- and not for the first time .
The PSL still defends the Chinese government 's Tiananmen Square massacre today -- in the name of socialism .
PSL was formed recently after splitting with its co-thinkers in the Workers World Party ( WWP ) .
The WWP was founded a half century before , with the key issue being support for the 1956 Russian invasion of Hungary , when tanks and troops of the former USSR invaded to smash a workers ' uprising against Stalinism .
Again in 1968 , when workers and students in then - Czechoslovakia joined the international revolt , alongside their brothers and sisters from Mexico City to Paris to Chicago , Sam Marcy ( a founder and long - time leader of WWP who died in 1998 , and whose ideas PSL today claims as its ideological basis ) argued , " We support the Warsaw Pact [ Russian ] intervention under present circumstances . "
Aftermath of the June 4 crackdown on protesters in Beijing
The WWP supported the USSR 's invasion of Afghanistan in 1979 , and it backed the 1981 Polish military coup against the Solidarnosc labor movement , which Marcy characterized as " counterrevolutionary . "
Thus , the PSL 's enthusiasm for the repression carried out by the Chinese ruling bureaucracy in 1989 is not an aberration , but a consistent application of its theory of socialism .
Today , interest in socialist ideas is growing in the U.S. , owing to the worst economic crisis since the 1930s .
But it remains true that most people are n't familiar with the history of the socialist movement .
The word can be given almost any content , depending on who you ask -- Stalinism , Barack Obama 's policies , Swedish social democracy , etc .
So while all radicals should celebrate the rebirth of socialism 's popularity , we must also take the time to discuss exactly what it is and how to get it .
IT IS in this context that two recent PSL restatements of support for the Tiananmen massacre must be examined .
The PSL is a small , but dedicated and active force on the American left , and the organization stands on the right side of many issues : from opposing U.S. intervention abroad , to supporting immigrant rights , to defending same - sex marriage .
The International Socialist Organization has worked with the PSL in many coalitions and movements , and will continue to do so , just as we work alongside liberals , anarchists , feminists and activists who hold many different ideas .
What else to read Ahmed Shawki’s " China : From Mao to Deng " from the International Socialist Review looks at the rise of Mao and the development of China up to the death of Deng Ziaoping -- and shows that " socialism with Chinese characteristics " had nothing to do with the socialism of Karl Marx .
Russia : From Workers ’ State to State Capitalism , a collection of essays by Anthony Arnove , Peter Binns , Chris Harman , Ahmed Shawki and others shows that Stalin ’s dictatorship was not the inevitable outcome of the Russian Revolution , but a reversal of everything it stood for .
For an introduction to the ideas of the Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky , the leading opponent of Stalinism , read Duncan Hallas ' Trotsky 's Marxism and Other Essays .
However , we also believe that raising and clarifying debates on the left is in the interest of strengthening the fight for social justice and a better world .
The PSL and the ISO have a fundamental disagreement over the nature of socialism and how to achieve it -- and so we have radically different reactions to the bloody repression in Tiananmen Square .
The first PSL statement examined here , published June 4 , 2009 , is a blow - by - blow defense of the Chinese government 's repression written by the PSL's Yenica Cortes :
During this time , the Tiananmen demonstration was becoming a focal point for general discontent .
Workers joined the protests in limited numbers , raising demands against corruption , inflation and unemployment generated by the capitalist - oriented reforms .
These demands , however , were demagogically tolerated by the counter - revolutionary thrust of the student leaders and their supporters within the [ Chinese Communist Party , or CPC ] .
After weeks of unsuccessfully trying to negotiate with the protest leaders , including visits by senior leaders to the square itself , the CPC leadership declared martial law on May 20 .
By this time , the number of students in the square was diminishing , with many of those who had traveled to Beijing from other parts of the country returning to their homes .
The student leaders who remained in the square were pushing for a harder line with the government .
On May 28 , Chai Ling , who many of the students acknowledged as the " commander - in- chief " of the Tiananmen demonstrations , stated that the student leadership 's goal was to provoke the Communist Party into attacking the demonstrators .
" I feel so sad , " Chai sobbed to U.S. reporter Philip Cunningham .
" How can I tell [ the students in the Square ] that what we are actually hoping for is bloodshed , the moment when the government is ready to butcher the people brazenly ?
Only when the Square is awash in blood will the people of China open their eyes .
Only then will they be really united . "
The bloodshed Chai and her fellow leaders hoped for did in fact take place .
But it did not have the intended impact .
On June 2 , unarmed People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) troops were called in to regain control of the square .
Students left the square to confront the troops in the streets leading to the square .
Some of the unarmed troops were taken hostage .
On June 3 , the soldiers were issued arms --" though under orders to avoid violence , " as reported in a June 5 article in the Wall Street Journal .
On June 4 , however , demonstrators resorted to violent attacks on soldiers as protesters grabbed hold of army equipment and seized weapons .
The Chinese government denounced the attacks as counterrevolutionary and ordered the People 's Liberation Army to retake the square .
Although there were clashes with troops in the streets leading up to the square , most students left the square peacefully before the PLA troops arrived to establish order .
The Chinese government reported that some 300 people , both students and PLA soldiers , had been killed in the clashes outside the square .
Featured at Socialism Hear Todd Chretien at Socialism 2009 in Chicago and San Francisco , speaking on " Lenin's State and Revolution " and " Introduction to the International Socialist Organization . "
Check out the Socialism 2009
Web site for more details .
See you at Socialism !
HERE IS the ISO 's analysis of the Tiananmen crackdown , written by Ahmed Shawki in 1997 in an article for the International Socialist Review :
The student protest began -- in many ways despite some of the efforts of student leaders -- to give confidence to others to fight .
Maurice Meisner recounts : " Workers not only marched by the hundreds of thousands in the massive demonstrations in the capital on May 17 - 18 ; they also established their own organizations .
The Beijing Workers ' Union was organized in April , and the Beijing Workers ' Autonomous Union was founded in mid-May . "
But it was the massive participation of factory workers in protests on May 17 and subsequently that alarmed party leaders .
The fear of a " Polish revolt " had haunted them for a decade -- and is what finally prompted them to crack down .
The regime declared martial law , and on May 19 began moving thousands of as - yet - unarmed troops into Beijing .
Alerted by protesting students , massive numbers of Beijing residents came out into the streets to block the army 's entrance into the city , immobilizing many army units in a sea of people .
On May 21 , a million Beijing residents demonstrated against martial law .
Many ordinary soldiers were shaken , but the army did not disintegrate .
In a matter of days , the regime was able to arm and position tens of thousands of loyal troops for a planned crackdown .
Spring 1989 in Beijing was reminiscent of Poland in 1981 on the eve of martial law when " almost no one believed that Polish soldiers could be used against Polish workers . "
But this belief among Beijing residents , like that held by many Solidarity activists in Poland in 1981 , proved equally misplaced .
As the participation of non-student groups increased , Deng was able to convince those party leaders who hesitated to use force that a crackdown was necessary .
The regime - - led by Deng Xiaoping and other party veterans -- moved the troops into action on June 4 .
Hundreds were killed in the military crackdown as Beijing citizens fought pitched battles at makeshift barricades set up to stop the army 's advance on Tiananmen Square .
The Tiananmen Square demonstrations showed how deep was the hatred for the regime .
This was a tremendous mass movement , but it had serious weaknesses , not the least the elitism of the student activists .
According to one historian , workers " were not , for example , permitted to use student facilities to publicize their call for a general strike ; and they were repeatedly reminded that the protest movement was under the control of students , not workers . "
The movement was also unable to draw in Chinese peasants , an enormous part of the population .
In the end , the regime was able to crack down before workers were able to gather their forces and organize effectively in the factories and workplaces , though they participated in large numbers in street demonstrations .
Tiananmen was not the end , but the beginning , of future , even more explosive , social unrest in China .
The contrast is clear .
Cortes ' analysis for the PSL is characterized by : ( 1 ) a downplaying of the participation of millions of workers in the Tiananmen movement ; ( 2 ) sympathy for the ruling party 's attempt to co-opt the movement and outright support for the military during its suppression of it ; and ( 3 ) characterization of student leaders as " counter - revolutionary " as an excuse for why the government was correct to ignore the workers ' legitimate demands and suppress their protests .
In contrast , Shawki's views for the ISO are characterized by : ( 1 ) a recognition of the genuine mass activity of the oppressed and exploited masses of workers and students ; ( 2 ) sympathy for the Chinese students and workers , and hostility to the ruling party ; and ( 3 ) a critique of some of the students ' elitist ideas and an argument that the workers needed to better organize themselves in order to extend and continue the fight .
THESE SHARPLY contrasting points of view are based on a disagreement about the class nature of China .
The PSL believes that the 1949 revolution in China created a " workers ' state " -- and that China remains one today .
" It is indisputable that the basic trend toward more entrenched capitalist class relations has only deepened since 1978 , " PSL leader Brian Becker has written .
" This process is , however , unfinished .
As long as the Communist Party of China retains its hold on political power , there is a possibility , however great or small , that this trend can still be reversed .
Following this line of thought , PSL leader Richard Becker wrote an article published June 15 that criticizes a SocialistWorker.org article by Dennis Kosuth ( " Twenty years after Tiananmen Square " ) -- which Becker calls " the single worst article on the Chinese Revolution from an ostensibly ' left ' perspective . "
I 'm very happy that Becker responded in print because it means that PSL 's ideas can be examined in detail .
First , however , it is necessary to dispense with Becker 's method of debate , which is unfortunately limited to the old rhetorical trick of assigning positions to your opponent that they do not hold , and then tearing them down .
For instance , Becker attributes to Kosuth " extraordinary hostility to the Chinese Revolution in its entirety . "
He bases this sweeping claim on Kosuth 's statement that the Chinese national anthem is " difficult to listen to " ( from a musical point of view ) .
However , Kosuth goes on to point out that , unlike most national anthems , the Chinese one begins with the words , " Arise , all who refuse to be slaves . "
He explains that those lyrics were the " product of the nationalist revolution of 1949 , " and he goes on to describe the scene in 1949 as " Mao Zedong , leader of the CCP , addressed tens of thousands in Tiananmen Square , announcing the creation of a ' People 's Republic ' free from imperialist occupation . "
Nevertheless , Becker continues his attack on Kosuth 's supposed " hostility " to the revolution , ascribing to him " cultural arrogance , jingoism and apparent ignorance " because Kosuth does not describe in detail the " heroic revolutionary process that spanned decades " leading up to 1949 .
There 's just one problem with Becker 's overheated reaction .
Kosuth 's article was not about the history of China leading up to 1949 .
Instead , Kosuth concentrates on explaining the decades leading up to 1989 .
Now , Becker is free to argue that Kosuth ought to have written a different article , but he is not free to make up false claims about the ISO based on what he wishes SocialistWorker.org had written about .
In fact , Becker knows perfectly well that the ISO recognizes the victory of Mao's Red Army over Chiang Kai- Shek 's Nationalist forces as a triumph over imperialism , like the victory of Castro 's rebel army against Batista in Cuba .
ASIDE FROM
Becker 's distortions , there are some real disagreements at stake in what he writes criticizing Kosuth .
They deserve to be taken up point by point .
The Outcome of the 1949 Revolution
There is n't enough space here to explain all the details of the debate over what replaced the vestiges of Chinese feudalism and colonial domination after 1949 .
However , the debate is not , as Becker claims the ISO maintains , whether " the revolution had no discernible achievements at all . "
Of course , there were many important changes as a result of 1949 , as Becker details , and as Ahmed Shawki points out as well in his ISR article .
The real debate is whether or not the Chinese working class came to power and developed a socialist political system ( " The 1949 Chinese revolution was socialist in character , " as Becker writes ) -- or whether the Chinese Communist Party took power on behalf of and ruling over the working class and peasantry , and embarked on a nationalist economic path to break free from colonial domination , while replacing free market exploitation with state exploitation of the masses ( as the ISO maintains ) .
To briefly state this case , the ISO argues that the 1949 revolution , which primarily took the form of a long military campaign led by Mao and the Red Army , succeeded in expelling the old U.S. , British and Japanese colonial interests , while dividing up the land of the powerful rural gentry and nationalizing the property of the weak urban capitalists .
This was a blow against imperialism .
But land reform and nationalization in China was accomplished via military and party decree .
The Chinese working class never had power as the new rulers of China .
Judged from Karl Marx 's point of view that socialism is the " self - emancipation of the working class , " Chinese workers never achieved political power .
Moreover , China 's new rulers were n't implementing socialism , but a form of state - led economic development , where power and privilege remained in the hands of an elite bureaucracy .
In direct opposition to the PSL's belief that the Chinese Communist Party stands as a barrier against capitalism , the ISO argues that the CCP ( and the state it rules ) functions as the agent of exploitation .
In recent decades , the Chinese party - state apparatus has opened the Chinese economy to the world , and has become a favorite place for Corporate America to do business .
But the class relations of Chinese society have remained the same .
The ISO argues that China , like Russia after Stalin came to power , is an example of state capitalism , and that it uses the mask of socialism to obscure its real nature .
Becker does n't offer any proof of his assertion that China is socialist , other than to reference the Shangai Commune created by workers in 1967 in opposition to the ruling bureaucracy .
Now , this is a strange sort of proof .
Leaving aside an assessment of this political event itself , Becker cannot argue that state created in 1949 was " socialist in character " with one breath , and then hail the efforts of workers to organize against that same state with a program " modeled on the Paris Commune " with the next .
After all , the workers in Paris were striving to overthrow capitalist rule !
In his ISR article , Shawki exhaustively explains the history of the Chinese economy and class struggle , so there is no reason to go any further here .
But one other point should be made .
Becker is at pains to point to China 's anti-imperialism , but he remains silent on actions taken by the same ruling class that were demonstrably imperialist -- for instance , China 's oppressive rule in Tibet , or , perhaps even more starkly , China 's 1979 invasion of Vietnam , the country that suffered the most from American imperialism in the second half of the 20th century .
Why would " socialist China " invade Vietnam only four years after that country finally defeated the United States ?
I would suggest that members of PSL ask themselves a simple question : in the name of exactly what socialist principle did the " socialist " regime they are defending with such vigor invade Vietnam ?
The Enemy of My Enemy Is ...
Becker 's next evidence that China must be socialist , and that Kosuth " and the editors of Socialist Worker " are " ignorant of Chinese history , " is based on the United States ' hostility to China during the Cold War .
This is the faulty " enemy of my enemy must be ... socialist " line of reasoning that is easily dispelled .
For example , the United States today is threatening Iran in much the same way it used to threaten China .
Does that make Iran socialist ?
Of course not .
There is a long history of different capitalist countries being at each other 's throats , as well as struggles of former colonies to break free from their imperial masters .
These confrontations are important to understand , but they do n't automatically make all the enemies of the United States socialist or even progressive .
The Collapse of Stalinism
The remainder of Becker 's piece is mostly a restatement of PSL 's support for the official Chinese government 's version of the Tiananmen Square crackdown in 1989 .
However , there is one other argument that deserves discussion .
In asserting that the ISO 's opposition to Stalinism is based on " opportunism " -- another loaded charge that is at odds with the ISO 's history , as Becker knows well , even if he disagrees with us politically -- he lays bare a crucial argument for those who want to understand PSL 's theory of socialism .
Becker writes :
The fall of 1989 saw the overturning of most of the socialist - oriented governments in Eastern Europe , which subsequently led to the overthrow of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
These developments resulted in a new world relationship of forces with the United States emerging as the undisputed " lone superpower . "
The demise of the Soviet Union gave a green light to Washington for war and sanctions against Iraq and Yugoslavia , tightening the blockade of Cuba , intensified attacks on unions and social programs -- the list goes on .
Have Kosuth and the ISO forgotten all of this ?
Do they not recognize that the victory of the Tiananmen protesters and their supporters inside the CCP would have made U.S. imperialism 's victory in 1989 - 91 even more complete ?
The first thing to say about this telling statement is that it turns out the CCP 's victory over the students and working class in 1989 led it to create an ever - closer capitalist bond with the United States that has greatly aided American imperialism -- for example , with the Chinese government currently serving as the chief purchaser of U.S. government debt .
So the question is : How exactly has the " victory " over the Tiananmen Square protesters hurt American imperialism ?
But it is important to consider the other " victories for U.S. imperialism " that Becker identifies in this statement -- the fall of Stalinism in Eastern Europe and in Russia itself by 1991 .
In this view , the regimes that came to power under Stalin in the USSR and under the Stalinist satellites in Eastern Europe represent a legitimate version of socialism .
That model was later extended to China and many other countries .
There are a large variety of different circumstances and different national characteristics that mark each of these events ( Stalin came to power by smashing the Russian Revolution ; Ho Chi Minh and Castro had to defeat U.S. imperialism ) .
But the unifying characteristic of these nations was that the working class did not hold power .
IT IS worth pointing out that there are many other anti-Stalinist socialists who , like the PSL , characterize ( now or in the past ) China as some sort of " workers ' state " -- while at the same time agreeing with the ISO that the students and workers in Tiananmen were 100 percent right to protest , and the Chinese Communist Party was 100 percent wrong to suppress them .
These Trotskyist currents , such as the Fourth International , also opposed the Stalinist repression in Hungary in 1956 , in Czechoslovakia in 1968 , and Poland in 1981 .
This does n't mean that the difference of opinion between the ISO and the Fourth International about the nature of Stalinism is irrelevant .
However , it does mean that we 've stood on the same side of the barricades against Stalinism .
On the other hand , the PSL , despite its formal origins in the anti-Stalinist socialist movement , has stood on the side of the bureaucrats ' tanks in too many instances , precisely because they see the Stalinist regimes as the embodiment of socialism .
The regimes are the active agents , while the Russian , Chinese and Cuban working class are passive .
Thus , positive change in these countries can only be initiated by the rulers .
As Becker writes , " The overthrow of the CCP , under the current circumstances , or those in 1989 , would not have been a step forward . "
In effect , the PSL 's regime theory of socialism extends Becker 's " current circumstances " backward to Stalin 's coming to power , and forward into the distant future .
The ISO , by contrast , upholds Karl Marx 's idea that the emancipation of the working class must be the act of the working class itself .
Socialism is the direct , democratic rule of workers , who produce for society 's needs , rather than the wealth and power of bankers or Stalinist bureaucrats .
Socialism can be only achieved through revolutionary struggle from below , not through invasions of tanks and troops .
This debate that gets to the very heart of what socialism is -- and how we organize to fight for it .
You are not supposed to be able to tinker with fate .
But Andrew Flintoff is doing his best .
This morning he bowled England to victory in the Lord 's Test .
A couple of times Andrew Strauss tried to take him off without much conviction .
But Flintoff would not allow it .
In a spell reminiscent of The Oval in 2005 Flintoff pounded in until the job was done .
In the process he took five wickets in an innings for only the fourth time in his career .
There were nerves jangling around Lord 's when play resumed with Australia 209 runs away from victory and England five wickets .
Those home nerves eased considerably after the fourth ball of Flintoff 's first over .
Brad Haddin jabbed outside the off - stump and Paul Collingwood took the catch at second slip .
This wicket provided crucial early respite but no certainty .
Haddin 's replacement Mitchell Johnson can bat all right – after a torrid start against Flintoff he proved the point .
With Clarke remaining restrained but composed the Australians had reached 356 by noon and the innings was gaining momentum again .
Strauss turned to Graeme Swann .
Swann 's first ball was a full toss .
But Clarke could not miss the fielder at extra cover .
His second delivery looked like a full toss and Clarke missed the ball .
Perhaps it drifted away ; perhaps Clarke was being greedy .
He was bowled and now England really were in charge .
Johnson swung defiantly , but Flintoff still pounded in from the Pavilion , whether Strauss liked it or not ( he probably did ) , and shattered the stumps of Nathan Hauritz and Peter Siddle .
A few more swings from Johnson and it was all over .
Attempting to smash a quicker delivery from Swann into the Mound Stand , Johnson swung and missed , and the celebrations could begin .
Thus England won by 115 runs , a massive margin by the standards of recent Ashes Tests in this country , though there were times when it seemed closer than that .
Edgbaston cannot come along quick enough for England except for their supermen , Flintoff – and Kevin Pietersen – who need to time to attend to their bodies .
Maybe this fellow does n't have a car on which to put his bumper stickers , or he just wants to communicate with people walking behind him .
If you had bumper stickers on the back of your shoes , what would they say ?
Link via Gear Fuse
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) reached the Moon on 23 June
Enlarge Image
The US space agency 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) spacecraft has returned its first images since reaching the Moon on 23 June .
LRO 's camera instrument took images of a region in the lunar highlands south of Mare Nubium ( Sea of Clouds ) .
The probe blasted off on 18 June atop an Atlas rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida .
Its data will help mission planners select future landing sites and scout locations for lunar outposts .
The spacecraft is carrying three cameras on board : one low - resolution wide - angle camera and two high - resolution narrow - angle cameras mounted side - by - side .
These are known collectively as the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera ( LROC ) instrument .
" At the time we took the images , we were in the ' terminator ' orbit .
This means that when you look down for a whole orbit , all you see beneath you is the boundary between night and day , " Mark Robinson , from Arizona State University in Tempe , US , told BBC News .
We waited a couple of hours for the images to come down to the ground .
When they appeared on the screen , they were gorgeous
Professor Mark Robinson , ASU
This meant that light levels were low and that much of the surface was in shadow - not ideal conditions for photography .
" In some areas where we thought we'd see the surface , we did n't , because local topography caused some things to be shadowed .
While in other areas , we were able to see the surface , " explained Professor Robinson , who is the principal scientific investigator for LROC .
The images were taken over two orbits on Tuesday , during an engineering test of the LROC instrument .
Though they are not part of the formal imaging campaign , Mark Robinson described them as " spectacular " .
" It was a huge relief .
You spend four years making this incredibly delicate , sensitive instrument .
Then you bolt it on a rocket , which vibrates for eight minutes , " he said .
The pictures are of cratered terrain near the Mare Nubium region
Enlarge Image
" It 's maybe an illogical nervousness , because everything is designed and tested to withstand that .
But there are hundreds of people that want it to work .
" We turned it on , and held our breath .
Then we waited a couple of hours for the images to come down to the ground .
When they appeared on the screen , they were gorgeous . "
The test was designed to check parameters on LROC such as the exposure .
Scientists also wanted to see whether the camera was in full focus .
LROC uses a telescope structure made of carbon fibre .
Though lightweight , this material absorbs water from the Earth 's atmosphere , causing it to expand .
The team had to build the camera so that it was out of focus on Earth .
But once in space , the carbon fibre telescope can be baked to drive the water out .
This causes the structure to shrink and bring the instrument into focus .
LRO'S SCIENCE INSTRUMENTS CRaTER - will characterise the global lunar radiation environment Diviner - is to measure lunar surface temperatures LAMP - will map the Moon 's permanently shadowed regions LEND - measures the flux of neutrons from the Moon LOLA - will provide a global lunar topographic model LROC - LRO 's camera will help select future landing sites Mini- RF - uses radar to search for evidence of water ice
" It 's roughly a three - week process , and we had only been baking out for 10 days when we turned ( LROC ) on , " said Professor Robinson .
Nevertheless , he said the pictures suggested the camera was about 80 % of the way to being in full focus .
On Friday , LROC will begin taking images " in earnest " .
Over two - and - a - half days , and 32 orbits , it will photograph some of the least known regions of the lunar surface , on the Moon 's far side .
On Sunday , engineers will switch the LROC instrument off again to resume the baking process .
The spacecraft is currently in an elliptical orbit around the Moon , with a low point of 30 km above the south pole and a high point of 199 km over the north pole .
This means the resolution of pictures will be lower in the north and higher in the south .
In mid-August , the spacecraft will perform a burn to bring it into a circular orbit of 50 km above the lunar surface .
This will give LROC a resolution of 50 cm per pixel .
This month marks the 40th anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon landing .
LRO will start flying over the Apollo landing sites in mid-July .
However , the spacecraft will still be in its checkout phase at this time .
If LRO does manage to take images of any Apollo sites in July , the pictures will not be at the best possible resolution .
When the orbiter flies over the Apollo 11 site it is likely to be at an altitude of 100 km - allowing the camera to capture images at a resolution of 100 cm per pixel .
LRO will spend at least one year using its six instruments to collect detailed information about the lunar environment .
The orbiter was one of two payloads launched on the same Atlas V rocket .
The second mission , called the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite ( LCROSS ) , will send a rocket crashing into the Moon to scour the debris plume for evidence of water ice .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Spurred on by President Obama and an array of businesses , medical providers and consumers clamoring for change , congressional Democrats have begun to lay out specific plans for overhauling the nation ’s healthcare system -- proposing changes that would affect almost every American , old or young , sick or well , rich , poor or middle - class .
Despite a looming brawl over key details , the Democratic majority is expected to pass a bill that will make ordinary Americans the ultimate stakeholders who must live with the system , adjust to changes and -- one way or another -- absorb the costs .
For laid - off autoworkers , there could be a new guarantee that they wo n’t lose their family health insurance .
A patient with heart disease could receive more advanced treatment to avoid hospitalization .
Small shop owners could get help figuring out coverage for employees .
An overweight teenager might find a new slim - down program at school .
And for some Americans , especially the affluent and those with traditional job - based medical insurance , there could be new or higher taxes .
Advertisement
After months of spadework and consultation with the interested parties , lawmakers begin the most sweeping healthcare debate in a generation with broad agreement on the need to control costs , improve the care Americans receive and expand coverage to nearly everyone .
But shadowing the debate , which is expected to dominate Washington ’s summer and extend into the fall , are the same vexing controversies that have derailed almost all previous efforts to reshape the U.S. healthcare system .
There is still no consensus , for example , about how large a role the federal government should play .
Nor is there agreement on who should bear the cost , which could surpass $ 1.5 trillion over the next decade .
Obama ’s proposals include higher taxes for the wealthiest Americans .
But that idea has generated widespread opposition in Congress .
Advertisement
Other financing schemes may be just as unpopular , such as taxing employer - provided health benefits or putting new levies on sugary beverages to raise revenue and encourage healthier behavior .
The first concrete legislation emerged Tuesday as Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ( D - Mass . ) filed a mammoth bill that , among other things , outlines a dizzying new government regulatory structure to ensure that every American gets health insurance .
Other bills are expected to follow from a trio of senior House Democrats , including Rep. Henry A. Waxman ( D - Beverly Hills ) , and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) , whose bill may offer the best hope for gaining Republican support .
In addition , a phone - book - size catalog of amendments and less - detailed alternatives -- including many from Republicans seeking to shape the debate themselves -- are expected to compete for attention .
Advertisement
Though they differ on important details , the Democrats ’ plans all focus on three broad goals , each of which has contributed to stalemate in the past :
* Improving the quality of care for everyone by encouraging doctors , hospitals and others to adopt the best , most effective courses of treatment .
Research shows that many doctors fail to adopt advances in treatment and that more than 25 % of all treatment may be medically ineffective or unnecessary .
Achieving this goal moves the government into the sensitive area of relations between individual patients and their doctors .
But many health policy experts say such changes could do the most to reduce medical costs and improve care .
Advertisement
“ At the end of the day , that may be the most important thing we end up doing , ” said Ken Thorpe , a healthcare economist at Emory University .
* Curbing the explosive growth in costs by prodding the medical system to make more cost - effective decisions and to increase efficiency by moving to computerized medical records .
The public and employers are staggering under the cost of the present system -- rising at more than twice the rate of inflation and expected to surpass $ 2.2 trillion this year .
But reining in prices can narrow freedom of choice and impose changes on providers .
* Making health insurance readily available to the 46 million people who do n’t have it , as well as more affordable and less burdensome to those who do , and to the employers who still deliver the bulk of medical insurance to workers .
Advertisement
In one of their most controversial proposals , Obama and congressional Democrats want to create an optional government insurance plan that individuals could choose instead of a private plan .
Supporters argue that such a plan would curb costs and improve quality by creating competition for the handful of private insurance companies now dominating the market .
Few proposals ignite hotter partisan passions .
“ It ’s just very , very difficult , ” a frustrated Sen. Charles E. Grassley ( R - Iowa ) said after emerging from one meeting with fellow lawmakers last week .
Grassley , the senior Republican on the Senate Finance Committee , is a leading member of a bipartisan group that has been working for months on healthcare legislation with input from dozens of interest groups .
Advertisement
This is the seventh major push over the last century , and senior senators from both parties say they are trying to find common ground .
“ I think we have been surprised at the amount of agreement there is , ” said Wyoming Sen. Michael B. Enzi , the senior Republican on the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee .
One thing lawmakers in both parties have agreed on is that people ’s existing healthcare arrangements should be disrupted as little as possible .
In particular , people should be able to keep their insurance and their doctor if they want to .
“ For lots of Americans , there wo n’t be much change right away , ” said Drew Altman , an expert on healthcare politics and president of the nonprofit Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation .
Advertisement
“ That is inherent in the strategy . ”
Altman said that approach reflected the fact that most Americans report high satisfaction with their own care , even as they worry about rising costs .
In the same spirit , senior lawmakers and the administration are working to preserve the current employer - based system through which most Americans get insurance , while rejecting a single - payer system favored by some liberals , as well as a more free - market system favored by conservatives .
But signs of tension are already emerging , especially over provisions that Republicans charge would lead to government intrusion into the private relationships between patients and care providers .
Advertisement
Sensitive as those issues may be , many healthcare analysts worry that paying the bills may ultimately be where cooperation breaks down .
“ The stars are aligned .
The signs are promising , ” said Jacob Hacker , a political scientist at UC Berkeley who has studied previous efforts to overhaul the nation ’s healthcare system .
“ But so far there has not been much congressional willingness to consider even relatively modest revenue - raising ideas , ” he said .
“ And in the healthcare debate , time is one of the greatest dangers .
It gives people a chance to decide they are against whatever is on the table . ”
--
Advertisement
noam.levey@latimes.com
The House passed a very weak and pathetic food safety bill .
It was supposed to help the FDA get some teeth , resources and authority after the beef , spinach , pepper and peanut calamities of the last 2 years .
It was supposed to help prevent food borne illness from spreading .
Food borne illness that killed kids and seniors in the case of the peanut paste recall .
We should be trumpeting this , except ...
WASHINGTON --
The House passed legislation to give the Food and Drug Administration more authority and resources to prevent food - borne illnesses after a string of outbreaks involving peanuts , spinach , hot peppers and other foods .
The 283 -142 vote came after lawmakers from rural districts won concessions that would exempt farms from paying a registration fee , curb the FDA 's access to farm records and limit its ability to set production standards to only the foods most likely to be contaminated .
The legislation also exempts farms and food facilities regulated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
The Senate is n't expected to act on similar legislation until later this year .
can 't ..
most likely
So let me get this straight , the FDAinspect farmsinspect farm recordsand is limited in setting any production standards for farms and food facilitiesand can only inspect foods and facilities that areto be bad ?
And who determines that ?
Meanwhile big industrial food companies grow and grow , factory farms are free to keep up their unhealthy practices .
Be ready for a new recall or scandal soon ladies and gents .
This bill will do very little to change anything , and the system as it stands in unsustainable .
cross posted from FL
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- T. Boone Pickens has scuttled plans for a giant wind farm in Texas , partly out of difficulty with building transmission lines , the latest sign that efforts to rebuild the nation 's electrical infrastructure have been marked by fits and starts .
Hurdles faced by the billionaire financier include lower natural - gas prices , which made power from wind less desirable as an alternative to gas - fired electric plants .
' It was a little more complicated than we thought , ' Pickens said of the plan .
Reuters
Financing is also tough to get nowadays , as alternative energy developers await key moves in Washington on tax breaks , renewable portfolio standards , and other programs .
See full story .
He unveiled his plan a year ago against a backdrop of record - high oil and gas prices .
He set his sights on building as much as 4,000 megawatts of wind power in Pampa , Texas -- an amount equivalent to the electricity made by four nuclear - power plants .
Pickens now plans to build five or six smaller wind farms in the Midwest and possibly Texas , according to published reports on Tuesday .
Another big stumbling block facing Pickens and others is a lack of transmission lines .
At first Pickens proposed building his own lines , but did n't follow through .
" It was a little more complicated than we thought , " Pickens told the Dallas Morning News .
While the Texas Public Utility Commission announced plans last July to add $ 5 billion in transmission lines in West Texas , the plans did n't include the region outlined in Pickens ' plan .
Instead more plans appear to be crystallizing for transmission lines in the Midwest .
In a related development on Tuesday , ITC Holdings Corp. ITC , +1.35 % and MDU Resources Group Inc. MDU , +1.39 % said they 're teaming up as part of an effort to build 3,000 miles of high - power transmission lines for $ 10 billion to $ 12 billion in that region .
The agreement marks an " important milestone " in ITC 's effort to build the so - called Green Power Express .
The transmission project will provide grid access for portions of North Dakota , South Dakota , Minnesota , Iowa , Wisconsin , Illinois and Indiana .
The project will help deliver up to 12,000 megawatts of renewable power to the Midwest and mid-Atlantic regions of the United States .
MDU will collaborate with ITC on development efforts and securing the approvals needed to move the project forward .
Green Power Express , LP , will operate as an independent transmission company .
ITC Holdings Corp. announced the Green Power Express project in February , with plans to fix a fundamental problem of the older electric grid -- it 's built to carry power from existing plant to big cities , not to channel power generated in the Great Plains .
Green Power Express LP filed an application with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) requesting approval of a revenue requirement formula and incentives for the construction of the power lines .
ITC plans to work with local utilities and wind developers in the region for the build out of the Green Power Express .
Current supporters already include : NorthWestern Energy NWE , +1.01 % , NextEra Energy Iberdrola Renewables , Generation Energy Inc. , Montgomery Power Partners , Denali Energy , National Wind , Crownbutte Wind Power , Wind Capital Group and RES Americas .
You can purchase a book containing all the works in the installation on Fullarton 's Blurb page
Statistics Canada reported Friday that overall prices fell to minus 0.3 per cent over last year , fueled primarily by lower gas prices .
Don Drummond , chief economist at TD Bank Financial Group , said energy prices have seen a dramatic drop over the past year .
" It seems like a distant memory , but it was exactly a year ago that the price of world oil peaked out at US $ 147 ( a barrel ) , and we 're sitting here now just slightly over $ 62 , " he told CTV News Channel Friday .
" That 's basically the story , " added Drummond , noting that prices of other goods and services rose about 2 per cent over the past year .
Filling up at the gas station cost 24.3 per cent less this June than a year ago , despite some recent increases .
Still , some economists have warned of massive inflation in the coming months as billions in stimulus funds enter the economy , but Drummond disagreed with those predictions because he says fuel will remain cheap .
" There 's an awful lot of excess supply of oil around the world right now .
In fact , it often gets worse in terms of the excess supply , because as the price stays down low , we have more and more of the countries producing extra ( oil ) simply to keep their income going . "
Still , Drummond said the economy will start to turn around later this year .
" We 're getting near the bottom of the economic cycle , and I think we 'll start to see growth in Canada and the rest of the world by the end of this year , but I think it 'll be fairly tepid at that time , " said Drummond .
He added that the excess oil supplies will have to be consumed before a major spike in inflation .
The technical terms
According to TD Economist Eric Lascalles , the current statistics represent a " technical state of deflation " that wo n't last .
" There 's a big difference between this technical state of deflation and true deflation , " Lascalles told CTV News Channel .
" True deflation is the sort where people say ' gosh , everything 's going to be cheaper next week I 'm not going to spend , the economy has problems as a consequence , and it goes on from there . ' "
" I do n't think we 've got that same situation here because there just is n't the breadth of price declines , " he said .
Lascalles said deflation is a symptom of troubled economic times .
And while declining prices may be giving consumers greater purchasing power , he said , others are n't so lucky .
" The average person is benefiting from relatively cheaper goods and services but businesses are probably suffering in terms of their bottom line , " Lascalles said .
Regionally , annual inflation is in negative territory in four provinces , with Alberta the lowest rate at minus 1.6 per cent .
Do you know what this is , dear Apple fanboys and haters ?
From the beige to the menu bar items to the Lisa Office or the iPhone , this 1983 take on Apple.com 's frontpage is pure genius .
That 's exactly what this is .
Advertisement
( click on the image for full resolution )
Click to viewDave Lawrence , the author , explains :
Little project of mine : imagine Apple.com in 1983 .
The Apple Lisa is new , the Mac is still a year away .
It 's imaginary , of course , considering the iPhone and Apple even hinting at the Macintosh publicly .
Still ... fun to imagine .
Advertisement
Fun to see too .
I can't have enough of that " BASIC " in the menu items .
[ Flickr via Macmagazine — In Brazilian ]
Why choose us ?
Blue Apple is at the frontline of change .
We enrich our customers by designing robust enterprise Solutions and mobile applications that enhance processes and engage target audiences in innovative ways .
Our comprehensive exposure and deeper understanding of E - Learning designs and delivery systems help in creating secured content for authorized distribution and protecting the rights of the content creators .
On the other hand , we frame an intuitive interface with great foundational strength to help businesses run without any process deadlock for years to come .
The internets are all a twitter ( literally ) with the Jordan Crawford dunk over LeBron James today .
Apparently TMZ got a hold of some video , and was going to premier it on TV this evening .
However then for some reason the video was posted on their site , and pretty much everyone was disappointed .
Then very shortly there after , eBaum Nation released their own video , with much higher quality .
It ’s filmed through the backboard , but you can see the play much better :
So that kinda makes you wonder how much TMZ paid , versus if eBaum even paid at all .
Either way , the dunk was n’t the most impressive thing ever , and Lebron is still a baby for confiscating the tape .
I still prefer the LSU Freak version .
** UPDATE : The Sporting Blog has done some nice work on the behind the scenes stuff that went on in securing this video .
Apparently TMZ paid $ 3,000 for their video ( below ) and eBaum paid $ 5,000 to trump them .
**
Of course there is also this take :
… and then the interview with Jordan Crawford :
During the summer , damn near every band that 's ever sold a song on iTunes hits the road , jetting from town to town to play live shows for throngs of adoring fans .
Maybe you 'll go to some of these shows .
When you do , these people will be there to completely ruin shit for you .
7 The Whirling Dervish
In her natural state , she is a blur of flying dreadlocks and sallow Caucasian skin .
At rest , she usually takes the form of a hairy - pitted woman who inexplicably turns up at any and every type of musical event on earth .
Do organic food slurping , sandal wearing hippies really listen to Lil' Wayne ?
Probably not .
But her long strange trip has led her here , and she 's going to make the most jamband - tastic time out of it that she can .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
While everyone around her alternates between enjoying the show and getting the fuck out of her way , this bundle of ginseng and scalp lice is dancing around like an ancient shaman trying to summon rain to save this year 's harvest .
And that 's fine , provided you 're at some sort of outdoor festival where there is ample grazing room .
But when you 're packed like sardines in the lower bowl of an arena , her arm waving , 360 - degree spinning antics grow old really fast .
To add to the misery , it 's all but guaranteed that her constant flailing will be performed while chain smoking American Spirits , leaving you to spend the evening thinking less about the show and more about how to ensure you escape without a third - degree burn to the forehead .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
What They Think This Says About Them :
" I'm a free spirit .
Sometimes the music just speaks to my soul and moves me , albeit in a dorky , awkward fashion . "
What It Really Says About Them :
" The stench of patchouli emanating from my nether regions could kill a small village . "
A technical glitch with an incorrect Twitter name seems to have Obama healthcare proponents from Oregon spamming Jeffrey Kalmikoff of Threadless with misdirected tweets intended for Jeff Merkley
[ HTML3 ]
Now , it ’s no secret that the Barack Obama campaign did a phenomenal job with social media .
Facebook , Portland - fueled iPhone apps , Twitter , the whole shooting match .
Many — myself included — were in awe of the Obama campaign ’s mastery of social media — and the potential it held for the presidency .
Well , we were .
Until today .
When a technical glitch seems to have Obama healthcare proponents from Oregon spamming Jeffrey Kalmikoff of Threadless with misdirected tweets intended for Oregon Senator Jeff Merkley .
Oopie .
Now , conceptually , it seems like a good idea .
If you want to drive a piece of legislation forward , what better way than marshaling the troops to contact their respective senators ?
Good old fashioned politicking there .
But what if you could use social media to do some of that .
Get people to use Twitter to contact their senators — by randomly selecting one of their state senators with the push of a button .
There are only 100 senators .
What could go wrong ?
Well , you could completely butcher Oregon Freshman Senator Jeff Merkley ’s Twitter name .
Like instead of using @ SenJeffMerkley you could choose something like @ Jeffrey Merkley .
Yeah , see that space there ?
That means that instead of Jeff Merkley , someone entirely different gets bombarded with tweets about the nations healthcare .
And that lucky someone ?
Jeffrey Kalmikoff — @jeffrey on Twitter — the Chief Creative Officer at skinnyCorp , the folks behind the awesomeness that is Threadless .
Yep , he ’s been receiving all sorts of healthcare related tweets intended for Jeff Merkley .
Now , I could understand if this was for all of congress .
But — and granted I ’m a little rusty on the civics — are n’t there only 100 senators ?
Could n’t someone have checked this ?
Maybe double checked to make sure all the names were valid senators ?
And what ’s more , has Jeff Merkley ever gone by “ Jeffrey ” ?
Ever ?
Again , oopie .
Hopefully , for Jeffrey ’s sake and the sake of the Oregon constituents who are attempting to contact their senator via Twitter , this issue will be resolved soon .
And hopefully it ’s not happening to anyone else .
Too bad for Jeffrey to have to deal with this onslaught .
And an unfortunate mistake .
It would be kind of funny .
If it were n’t so annoying .
Okay .
It ’s still kind of funny .
Who knows if Jeff Merkley even knows about it .
“ Wow Wyden !
Are you getting any tweets ?
My Twitter stream is totally quiet .
Oh that ’s right , you ’re not on Twitter are you Ron ? ”
One other piece of random trivia ?
Jeffrey has another Portland connection .
And it ’s to our beloved food carts .
You see , he ’s currently dating the sister of Nancy Ettinger of Savor Soup House .
Wow .
Did I suddenly devolve into Valleywag , there ?
I may have .
Well , we all make mistakes .
Oh and Senator Merkley ?
Your tweets are waiting here .
[ HTML1 ]
[ HTML2 ]
Like this : Like Loading ...
Bank experience
Ally Bank customers cannot visit a physical branch .
However , retail bank customers can speak with a representative over the phone 24 / 7 .
They can also use the live chat feature online .
Ally customers who download the bank ’s app have access to a voice - enabled assistant , too .
Consumers with a debit card have the ability to control it .
Customers can check their balances and complete other tasks using Amazon ’s Alexa .
They can also ask Alexa how many hours of work equals the price of an item .
Ally Bank rates fairly well for its mobile app experience .
Out of five stars , its app received 4.8 stars through the iTunes app store and 3.6 stars , according to Android users .
Cheap , powerful , and available almost everywhere — solar energy is a truly great thing .
With these 10 sun-powered projects , you can turn a sunny day off into some brag - worthy , possibly money - saving backyard tech .
Advertisement
Photo by david.nikonvscanon .
Advertisement
Leave them alone long enough , and nearly every kid will investigate , or at least hear about , the devastating effects of magnifying glasses and clear , sunny weather on insects .
Route that fascination with concentrated sunlight into some wood engraving .
Aluminum foil ( or , preferably , foil tape ) , sunglasses , a razor blade , and a magnifying glass are all you need to get creative with an old piece of wood or other dark objects .
You 'll need to provide supervision , lest bad aim turn into a kindling incident , but it 's a great project for kids , as well as a unique way to leave your mark with style .
( Original post )
Engrave wood with a sun laser
The always creative Instructables has come up with a way to engrave stuff onto wood using only …
Read more
Advertisement
It 's not an efficient way to keep your hot tub filled , but the kind of solar - powered water heater detailed at the Instructables link above can get a big batch of water up to 170 F without requiring any work from your water heater , and the kit costs around $ 5 with the right parts suppliers .
Even if you pay a bit more , think about how often the backyard grill , deck , or pool could use a little cleaning with some hot , soapy water .
This project gets you a free source of ever - ready cleaning water , and at a pretty neat price .
( Original post )
Advertisement
This little project is the most reliant on a strong bit of sunlight , but totally worth the effort when you pull it off .
The chocolate polishes the bottom of a soda can , which better focuses and intensifies sunlight reflections , creating a cone of fire - starting power that leaves your fellow campers impressed — or the other attendees at the park picnic grateful you were there when they forgot the matches .
( Original post )
Advertisement
Advertisement
If you 've got a small - ish lawn , a battery - powered mower is much easier on your and your neighbors ' ears , and it saves you the hassle and cost of gas refills .
Take those eco-benefits to the next level by converting a gas - guzzling push mower to use a solar - charged battery .
Appropedia 's version is a definite weekend project for an older model , but if you 've got a newer battery mower , it 's not too hard to simply start charging it with a solar panel instead of your wall socket , and this guide will help get you there .
( Original post )
Advertisement
A solar - powered house sounds like a neat idea in abstract , but how would you know if your house 's roof could really sustain worthwhile energy ?
Luckily , a big search company has overhead images of just about every house out there , and mashup tool RoofRay can use that image , plus your location 's average sunlight and some roof details , to get a starting estimate on whether you can use the sun to push back on your power meter a bit .
( Original post )
Advertisement
Advertisement
Probably the least practical and most expensive of the projects listed here , the solar - powered Wi-Fi extender is definitely the most rewarding from a geek cred and green power perspective .
Popular Science explains in great detail how to solder and network together a semi-standard Linksys Wi-Fi router , range extender , solar panel , battery , and higher - powered antenna , and then set it up to grab Wi -Fi from your household 's main network and expand it to the great outdoors — or , at least , the outdoors behind your house .
That leaves you with regular web access anywhere around your property , without having to worry about running cables across the lawn .
( Original post )
Advertisement
Advertisement
There 's an entire realm of recipes and cookbooks that purport to help you get cooking done in the summer without turning on your oven .
Skip the gazpacho and the house - warming heat with an oven built from aluminum foil , construction paper , plastic , and a few other household items , including a firm cardboard box .
It 's great for saving energy , saving time , and feeling like you really made the most of a warm , sunny day .
Want to get a bit more efficient and physics -y with your outdoor oven ?
Try a parabolic solar cooker .
Photo by thescarletmanuka .
( Original post )
DIY Cardboard Box Solar Oven Eco-friendly weblog
The Daily Green details how to turn a cardboard box into a DIY solar oven for a Read more
Advertisement
Advertisement
If you 're lucky enough to live where plants and food grow all year , you already know the power of photosynthesis .
For those who could use a little more prep time for their seedlings , a longer growing season , or just a buffer against the occasional plant - punching dry spell , The Door Garden explains how to take some light construction materials — $ 50 if you happen to have most of it lying around , about $ 150 purchased new — and build a greenhouse that will withstand most winters and thrive in every other season .
Just got a few plants you want to get started with condensed solar power ?
Try the mini - greenhouse made from a window .
( Original post )
Advertisement
Advertisement
We 're big fans of the MintyBoost DIY USB charger kit , a great project for electronic beginners and pros alike .
It was only a matter of time , then , until someone switched the power source from AA batteries in an Altoids case to a lithium - ion battery with solar charging capabilities .
Completing the modified kit is n't a great leap more difficult than the original , and once you do , you 'll be glad to get a lot more use out of your windowsills , and hand over a lot less money at the grocery store every few weeks .
It 's not necessarily the most effective method of charging , but it 's undeniably cool .
( Original post )
DIY battery - powered USB charger Instructables has a step - by - step for building your very own Altoids tin USB charger ( dubbed the… Read more
Advertisement
Advertisement
The solar - powered outdoor lights they sell at your local garden / home improvement store can be subtle or original - looking — if you want to pay a premium .
Otherwise , you 're stuck with painted plastic and models that hold a pretty weak charge .
The sun jars constructed by our own Jason , on the other hand , cost only about $ 11 each — less if you have jars or batteries on hand — and give off a pretty neat glow , powered entirely by solar energy from earlier that day .
What sun-powered projects are in your mental queue for some sunny weekend ?
What great solar hacks have you pulled off already ?
Tell us all about them in the comments .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama called Saturday for the Iranian government to refrain from violence and injustice against its own citizens .
Iranian women demonstrate Saturday in front of the White House , where President Obama issued a statement .
" The Iranian government must understand that the world is watching , " Obama said in a White House statement .
" We mourn each and every innocent life that is lost .
We call on the Iranian government to stop all violent and unjust actions against its own people . "
He said the United States stands with all who seek to exercise what he called the universal rights to assembly and free speech .
The statement came as Iranian security forces cracked down Saturday on demonstrators in Tehran in continuing protests against the outcome of Iran 's June 12 election .
Watch protesters clash with government forces »
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the overwhelming victor in voting that opposition groups called rigged .
No independent monitors were permitted for the election , and protests against the outcome grew in succeeding days .
Thousands of protesters took to the streets Saturday , even though the demonstrations were banned and police confronted them with clubs , tear gas and water cannons .
A threatening statement a day earlier by supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei had raised fears of bloodshed .
Obama received intelligence briefings and discussed the situation with senior advisers throughout the day , an administration official told CNN .
In his statement , Obama repeated a message from his recent speech to the Muslim world in Cairo , Egypt , that " suppressing ideas never succeeds in making them go away . "
" The Iranian people will ultimately judge the actions of their own government , " Obama said in the statement .
" If the Iranian government seeks the respect of the international community , it must respect the dignity of its own people and govern through consent , not coercion . "
Obama quoted slain U.S. civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr.'s statement that " the arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends toward justice . "
" I believe that , " Obama 's statement said .
" The international community believes that .
And right now , we are bearing witness to the Iranian people 's belief in that truth , and we will continue to bear witness . "
The statement was Obama 's strongest to date on the Iran situation .
He has been criticized by Republicans in Congress for what they called his failure to strongly support the Iranian demonstrators .
Previously , Obama has said he was " deeply troubled " by the violent protests but he has avoided siding with Ahmadinejad 's opponents , telling reporters that " it is up to Iranians to make decisions about who Iran 's leaders will be . "
" It 's not productive , given the history of U.S. - Iranian relations , to be seen as meddling , the U.S. president meddling in Iranian elections , " Obama said this week .
Diplomats credited Obama with having avoided giving the regime an excuse to blame the turmoil on the Americans .
Several diplomats told CNN that Iran is in " unchartered territory " and said this weekend 's events could determine the fate of the regime .
The diplomats said they were watching to see whether Iranian security forces would continue the crackdown .
The military has shot people before but never in massive numbers , they said .
CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this story .
All About Iran • Barack Obama • Protests and Demonstrations
Race against the tide : Artist creates intricate masterpieces ... that the sea washes away within hours
Advertisement
When artists see a canvas , most of them want to fill it , even if it 's with nothing more than a doodle .
But sand artist Andres Amador works with one of the biggest canvases available , with entire lengths of beaches swallowed up by his art .
Sadly the sea is no discerning art critic , for once the San Francisco artist finishes his staggering artwork , the waves come in to wipe the slate clean .
Waves on the beach : Andres Amador has been producing sand art on Ocean Beach in San Fransisco for five years Circles on the beach :
The giant structures make for an interesting coastal walk Many of his stunning images , which start out as simple squiggles in the 39 - year - old 's notebook , span an incredible 500x300 feet and are raked into the grains in a race against the tide .
Using a canvas crafted by the elements the patient American waits for a full or new moon to make sure low tides offer him plenty of space to muster the incredible patterns .
And just a few hours after etching his grand designs the curves and contours will be washed away - leaving the beach surface looking as if nothing had ever happened .
To make sure he has everything he needs before the mammoth artwork begins , Andres , from San Francisco , California , crafts the image over and over on a computer using the hand - drawn original from his sketch book .
Stretch a canvas :
The formations last only as long as the low tide , and are meant to promote self - aware , and appreciating the beauty of every second
The artist said : ' I tend to frequent the beaches near where I live in the San Francisco Bay area .
' A design starts with an inspiration of some sort - an off - hand doodle or perhaps something I came across that day of which I took a picture .
' About 95 per cent of the work is done beforehand on my computer , creating as many versions as I can of a design and choosing the one that speaks to me .
' Then I reverse - engineer the step - by - step process I would need to replicate the design on the beach .
' Next I choose an appropriate day for a design , which is contingent on the tides and available daylight .
' The final step is to trust the guide I made and start raking .
' The window of opportunity is very narrow . '
Big thinker Andres has now masterfully raked over 100 ' doodles ' onto beaches in the San Francisco Bay area over the past 5 years .
Making tracks : Andres Amador designs his works on a computer , before calculating how best to get his designs on the shore
The 26 - year - old soon plans to travel the world to look for new beaches where he can use different natural features like rocks to enhance his creations .
The artist says he gets great reactions from onlookers fortunate enough to see his works before they are washed away .
And he reckons its the fact they only last for a short time that captures most people 's imagination .
' The scale of my artwork combined with the fact that it will soon be erased calls attention to itself , pulling the viewer in , allowing them to soak in the layers of meaning within every design .
He added : ' My ultimate goal is to promote the cause of self - awareness .
' The art I create is intended as a reflection and a reminder of the grandeur that exists within every viewer and the beauty that abounds in our world everywhere we look .
' At the beach itself the person lucky enough to see one happening generally stays to watch the process , cheering when I complete the design . '
And despite the fact that his magnanimous efforts are cruelly erased by the incoming sea water , Andres says he does n't mind .
' Once I have finished a piece and can get up on the overlook to see my work and take photos , I completely let go of it . '
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News , Oxford
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A system that can deliver power to devices without the need for wires has been shown off at a hi-tech conference .
The technique exploits simple physics and can be used to charge a range of electronic devices over many metres .
Eric Giler , chief executive of US firm Witricity , showed mobile phones and televisions charging wirelessly at the TED Global conference in Oxford .
He said the system could replace the miles of expensive power cables and billions of disposable batteries .
" There is something like 40 billion disposable batteries built every year for power that , generally speaking , is used within a few inches or feet of where there is very inexpensive power , " he said .
Trillions of dollars , he said , had also been invested building an infrastructure of wires " to get power from where it is created to where it is used . "
Witricity claims to be able to charge gadgets large and small " We love this stuff [ electricity ] so much , " he said .
Mr Giler showed off a Google G1 phone and an Apple iPhone that could be charged using the system .
Witricity , he said , had managed to pack all the necessary components into the body of the G1 phone , but Apple had made that process slightly harder .
" They do n't make it easy at Apple to get inside their phones so we put a little sleeve on the back , " he said .
He also showed off a commercially available television using the system .
" Imagine you get one of these things and you want to hang it on the wall , " he said .
" Think about it , you do n't want those ugly cords hanging down . "
Good vibrations
The system is based on work by physicist Marin Soljacic at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
It exploits " resonance " , whereby energy transfer is markedly more efficient when a certain frequency is applied .
When two objects have the same resonant frequency , they exchange energy strongly without having an effect on other , surrounding objects .
For example , it is resonance that can cause a wine glass to explode when a singer hits exactly the right tone .
But instead of using acoustic resonance , Witricity 's approach exploits the resonance of low frequency electromagnetic waves .
HOW WIRELESS POWER WORKS 1 .
Magnetic coil ( Antenna A ) is housed in a box and can be set in wall or ceiling .
2 . Antenna A , powered by mains , resonates at a specific frequency .
3 . Electromagnetic waves transmitted through the air .
4 . Second magnetic coil ( Antenna B ) fitted in laptop / TV etc resonates at same frequency as first coil and absorbs energy .
5 . Energy charges the device .
The system uses two coils - one plugged into the mains and the other embedded or attached to the gadget .
Each coil is carefully engineered with the same resonant frequency .
When the main coil is connected to an electricity supply , the magnetic field it produces is resonant with that of with the second coil , allowing " tails " of energy to flow between them .
As each " cycle " of energy arrives at the second coil , a voltage begins to build up that can be used to charge the gadget .
Mr Giler said the main coil could be embedded in the " ceiling , in the floor , or underneath your desktop " .
Devices using the system would automatically begin to charge as soon as they were within range , he said .
" You 'd never have to worry about plugging these things in again . "
Safety concerns Mr Giler was keen to stress the safety of the equipment during the demonstration .
" There 's nothing going on - I 'm OK , " he said walking around a television running on wireless power .
The system is able to operate safely because the energy is largely transferred through magnetic fields .
Magnetic fields interact with everyday objects less than electric fields " Humans and the vast majority of objects around us are non-magnetic in nature , " Professor Soljacic , one of the inventors of the system , told BBC News during a visit to Witricity earlier this year .
It is able to do this by exploiting an effect that occurs in a region known as the " far field " , the region seen at a distance of more than one wavelength from the device .
In this field , a transmitter would emit mixture of magnetic and potentially dangerous electric fields .
But , crucially , at a distance of less than one wavelength - the " near field " - it is almost entirely magnetic .
Hence , Witricity uses low frequency electromagnetic waves , whose waves are about 30 m ( 100 ft ) long .
Shorter wavelengths would not work .
' Ridiculous technology '
Witricity is not the first jump on the concept of wireless electricity .
For example , the nineteenth century American inventor Thomas Edison and physicist and engineer Nikola Tesla explored the concept .
" In the very early days of electricity before the electric grid was deployed [ they ] were very interested in developing a scheme to transmit electricity wirelessly over long distances , " explained Professor Soljacic .
Intel showed off its wireless power solution in August 2008 " They could n't imagine dragging this vast infrastructure of metallic wires across every continent . "
Tesla even went so far as to build a 29 m - high aerial known as Wardenclyffe Tower in New York .
" It ran into some financial troubles and that work was never completed , " said Professor Soljacic .
Today , chip - giant Intel has seized on a similar idea to Witricity 's , whilst other companies work on highly directional mechanisms of energy transfer , such as lasers .
However , unlike Witricity 's work , lasers require an uninterrupted line of sight , and are therefore not good for powering objects around the home .
In contrast , Mr Giler said Witricity 's approach could be used for a range of applications from laptops and phones to implanted medical devices and electric cars .
" Imagine driving in the garage and the car charges itself , " he said .
He even said he had had interest from a company who proposed to use the system for an " electrically - heated dog bowl " .
" You go from the sublime to the ridiculous , " he said .
Ted Global is a conference dedicated to " ideas worth spreading " .
It runs from the 21 to 24 July in Oxford , UK .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The rise of faith - based schools in Australia is restricting the ability of some students to relate to people of diverse backgrounds , a university sociologist has warned .
University of Technology Sydney professor Andrew Jakubowicz says that while public schools have traditionally had a crucial role in allowing students of broad backgrounds to " operate quite comfortably in different cultural environments " , the proliferation of ethno- religious schools - largely because of federal government funding policies - has had social consequences .
" There is little doubt that the Howard government strategy ( continued by the Rudd Government ) of directing federal funds to private schools suits the idea of the market and the ideology of choice , " says Professor Jakubowicz , co-director of the Cosmopolitan Civil Societies Research Centre , in a discussion paper to be released today .
" However , it may significantly undermine three key struts in the whole edifice of social cohesion and modern citizenship - namely intercultural competence , secularism as a core social value and interactive life - long learning . "
In recent years , increased public funding to non-government schools has led to a sharp rise in the number of students attending private schools .
Today , almost 40 per cent of students in Australia are enrolled in faith - based schools , including those of the Irish Catholic tradition , Greek Orthodox , Jewish and Islamic schools .
Get a daily rundown of the top stories on Urban Milwaukee
There might be a new development style taking hold in Milwaukee .
A lot of focus is put on transit - oriented development , and the power of a station to improve the development of a neighborhood , but what about residence halls ?
Do they offer similar development when built in an urban setting ?
At least in one part of Milwaukee ’s East Side neighborhood , it appears so .
As review , transit - oriented development according to the Wikipedia is ..
A transit - oriented development ( TOD ) is a mixed - use residential or commercial area designed to maximize access to public transport , and often incorporates features to encourage transit ridership .
What is dorm - oriented development ?
I propose it ’s the increased commercial development in the parcels immediately surrounding the residence hall , or in the residence hall itself .
It comes primarily in the form of retail establishments ranging from restaurants to clothing stores .
There is no doubt that students bring with them a level of purchasing power .
This is no more clear than in Whitewater , Wisconsin where , despite the town ’s small size , numerous retail establishments are spread across the site as a result of the University of Wisconsin - Whitewater .
However , dorm - oriented development , I propose , is more than just the mere presence of numerous auto - centric , retail strip malls .
Dorm - oriented development is the urban assimilation of a residence hall into the neighborhood , and the corresponding commercial hub the residence hall creates .
Dorm - oriented development is the mixed - use development of student residence halls .
As opposed to the traditional student silos that were built in the past 50 year , residence halls built with good urbanist principles appear to be a successful way to generate a successful , largely organic retail center .
Not only are they good starting points for a successful retail center , but they appear also to generate a more fluid assimilation into the urban neighborhood than residence hall designs of the past have achieved .
Dorm - Oriented Development Example
The best example of dorm - oriented development in Milwaukee is currently UWM ’s Kenilworth Square Apartments .
The facility is built to the curb in a pedestrian friendly nature , features numerous street parking stalls as well as curb bump- outs , is in an already urban neighborhood with some - level of established retail presence ( Vox , Yield , Alterra ) , and most - importantly features outward - designed , first - floor retail stalls .
Unlike a shopping mall , Kenilworth Square Apartments did n’t open overnight with numerous retail establishments .
It took time for the stores to develop .
Anytime Fitness , Urban Outfitters , American Apparel , and Toppers Pizza opened separate from each other over the course of a year .
What makes a residence hall different from an apartment or condo development is the very resident of the building .
The resident is the key to the success of dorm - oriented development .
Take for example New Land Enterprises City Green Apartments , the facility has been open for well over a year , if not two , and still has yet to see a single retail tenant ( the same goes for New Land ’s Sterling Condominiums near UWM ’s Kenilworth building ) .
There are a lot of reasons this could be possible , it ’s hard to imagine a building filled with students having empty retail stalls for that long .
601 Lofts , a condominium development on the corner of Ogden and Jackson , has seen its first - floor retail space fill .
That space is however filled with a radically different type of tenant than Kenilworth Square is , a rug store , art / antique store , and an accounting practice .
The purchasing habits of a full - time student are clearly different from that of a working professional , and the first - floor tenants of such buildings appear to reflect that .
Dorm - oriented development generates something much more akin to a shopping mall and more appealing to a younger crowd .
It should be interesting to watch what type of commercial establishments take hold in the Latitude Apartments , a mixed - use Dermond Properties ( originally New Land Enterprises ) project under construction across the street from the Kenilworth Square Apartments .
Will they continue to reflect the purchasing habits of college students or will they be more geared to the young professionals who work at the nearby hospital ( who the apartments were at one time targeted for ) ?
New Residence Hall Should Breed More Business
The new UWM residence hall being constructed just down the block from the Kenilworth Square Apartments , should hopefully feed off of the success of Kenilworth Square .
The new hall , dubbed Cambridge Commons , will feature first - floor retail as well as being oriented towards pedestrians .
Cambridge Commons , like Kenilworth Square Apartments , is located on a high traffic street ( North Avenue for the former , Prospect / Farwell for the the latter ) .
There is evidence already that dorm - oriented development will happen nearby .
Wangard Properties has purchased the former Downer Garage and is looking to lease the facility to a retail tenant .
Perhaps even bigger , and further out , is the purchase of the Columbia facility on the UWM campus by Doug Weas .
Weas developed the Kenilworth Square Apartments , and any development of the Columbia facility is likely to include private dorms as well as retail .
Look for debate around the possible purchase to heat up in late 2009 / early 2010 .
Of interest also will be the development of a new dorm for MIAD in the Third Ward .
A final site has yet to be selected for the new residence hall .
Not All New Facilities Successful
Placing the new facility directly across the river from the last UWM dorm to be built , RiverView Residence , also should help draw traffic across the bridge to any retail developments .
The RiverView Residence
Hall unfortunately does not feature any first - floor retail , nor is it oriented towards the street in a pedestrian - friendly nature ( instead aligning with a dead - end side street ) .
The dorm was not in a great position to capture retail development in the first place because of the lack of any real retail presence outside of a gas station and Pick ‘ N’ Save ( which turns its back on North Avenue ) , but it ’s still a shame the facility did n’t have more urban design elements .
When the empty lots to the west of the dorm are developed , UWM ( and the UWM Real Estate Foundation ) will miss the opportunity to generate any revenue from retail establishments located in the RiverView Residence Hall .
Principles for Future Success
Seeing that the orderly , urban development of retail establishments and residence halls is desirable for the modern urban city , how can such a thing be cultivated ?
How can residence halls be constructed so that they are a part of the neighborhood instead of a stand - alone silo ?
How can a retail center be constructed in a a more organic fashion than a traditional shopping mall and better assimilate into the urban neighborhood ?
Reader Frank gets snaps for spotting this great video — a true “ time capsule ” car .
I ’m thinkin’ this is the platform just before the first - ever Mustang ( a 64 - 1/2 model ) came out .
Thanks ,
Frank , keep ’em coming !
Hi Pam ,
The link below is not necessarily on topic of retro homes , but it is a cute story about an 89 - year - old woman who still drives her immaculate 1964 Mercury Comet with 540,000 miles on the odometer .
I ’d guess you could call it a time capsule car .
Just like the mid century ranch homes , the cars of the 1960 ’s had beautiful clean lines .
Thanks for keeping up your great site .
Frank
More info on Rachel and her care : Growing Bolder website
Well , gee .
Is this a bug - or a feature ?
Who could ever have predicted that concentrating all the wealth at the top and exempting them from increased Social Security taxes would lead to a decrease in the Social Security trust fund ?
The nation 's wealth gap is widening amid an uproar about lofty pay packages in the financial world .
Executives and other highly compensated employees now receive more than one - third of all pay in the U.S. , according to a Wall Street Journal analysis of Social Security Administration data -- without counting billions of dollars more in pay that remains off federal radar screens that measure wages and salaries .
Highly paid employees received nearly $ 2.1 trillion of the $ 6.4 trillion in total U.S. pay in 2007 , the latest figures available .
The compensation numbers do n't include incentive stock options , unexercised stock options , unvested restricted stock units and certain benefits .
The pay of employees who receive more than the Social Security wage base -- now $ 106,800 -- increased by 78 % , or nearly $ 1 trillion , over the past decade , exceeding the 61 % increase for other workers , according to the analysis .
In the five years ending in 2007 , earnings for American workers rose 24 % , half the 48 % gain for the top - paid .
The result :
The top - paid represent 33 % of the total , up from 28 % in 2002 .
The growing portion of pay that exceeds the maximum amount subject to payroll taxes has contributed to the weakening of the Social Security trust fund .
In May , the government said the Social Security fund would be exhausted in 2037 , four years earlier than was predicted in 2008 .
Captured : The Spirit of Humanity from which Mairead Maguire and 20 others were taken
Northern Irish human rights campaigner and Nobel Laureate Mairead Maguire is due to return to Ireland today after spending a week in Israeli captivity .
Ms Maguire was was arrested by Israeli soldiers while on board the ship , Spirit of Humanity , attempting to bring aid to Gaza last Tuesday .
Spokeswoman Hilary Smith said they were now being held in cells at an airport in Tel Aviv .
Ms Smith said : " We have heard that they were held in extremely uncomfortable conditions and not given any of their belongings .
" We are concerned by a report on Saturday that Mareaid had been denied access medication .
" She 's going to be able to confirm some of this when we speak to her . "
Speaking from her cell at Givon prison in the city of Ramala last week Ms Maguire told the Belfast Telegraph of the moments when Israeli gunboats surrounded her vessel as it attempted to deliver medicines and other supplies to Palestinian people in the Gaza Strip .
“ We were threatened by the Israeli navy when we were in international waters and during the night they told us they would shoot if we did n’t turn back to Cyprus , ” she said .
“ They cut off all our satellite communications and our lives were very much in danger , because we could have strayed into Israeli waters .
“ We sailed on and they kept threatening that they would shoot if we did n’t turn back . ”
Above : Mairead Maguire talks to Al Jazeera from Israeli jail 4 Jul 09
In the early hours of Tuesday navy boats pulled up to Mairead ’s ship and special forces troops began to board it .
“ They were fully armed and wore balaclavas , ” she said .
“ They took all our equipment off us and handcuffed several people .
They took me into a separate place and forcibly took our ship to Israel . ”
The passengers and crew were taken to a detention centre before being moved to prison in Ramala .
“ I was taken handcuffed in a military vehicle and I ’m here in the prison in the clothes I arrived in , ” said Ms Maguire .
“ At the moment there are 19 of us still being held here after two Palestinian women were released .
“ They have said we are going to be deported , but deportation orders are n’t appropriate for us , as we were taken to Israel against our will .
We want to leave Israel , but with our friends and all the belongings that were taken from us . ”
The contested Gaza territory is currently under blockade from Israel with only limited supplies being allowed in to Palestinians living there .
“ Physically I am very well , but I think more of the Palestinians who are denied the ability to cross the border and see their loved ones , ” said Ms Maguire .
“ It gives us a reflection of how tough it is for the Palestinian people and the way that they are treated .
“ It is a complete blockade of Gaza and collective punishment of 1.5 m people which breaks the Geneva Convention .
We have |to highlight how desperate | that is . ”
Israel has said that the boat was attempting to enter the Gaza Strip illegally .
Ms Maguire was a founder member of the Peace People , which campaigned against violence during the Troubles .
She was jointly awarded the Nobel Prize for Peace alongside co-founder Betty Williams in 1976 .
Belfast Telegraph
CONCORD , N.H. - A Massachusetts teenager who spent three nights alone on Mount Washington in April after he sprained an ankle and veered off marked trails has been fined more than $ 25,000 for the cost of his rescue .
Scott Mason had been praised for utilizing his Eagle Scout skills , sleeping in the crevice of a boulder and jump - starting fires with hand sanitizer gel .
But authorities say he was not prepared for the conditions he encountered and should not have set out on such an ambitious hike .
“ Yes , he ’d been out there in July when you could step across the brooks , ’’ said Fish and Game Major Tim Acerno .
“ And people have been out there in winter in hard - packed snow .
But with these spring conditions , it was soft snow ; it was deep snow . ’’
Acerno said he believes that Mason ’s fine is the largest ever sought under a nine - year - old New Hampshire law that allows lost hikers and climbers to be charged for rescue costs .
Mason ’s rescue was particularly expensive because the helicopters the state typically used were unavailable , and a helicopter from Maine had to be brought in , Acerno said .
Mason ’s family said they would not comment on the bill , which was mailed July 10 .
Mason has until Aug. 9 to pay the bill ; he could also take the state to court to contest the fine .
Mason , 17 , of Halifax , had planned to spend one day hiking 17 miles in the New Hampshire mountains but ended up lost after he hurt his ankle and decided to take a shortcut .
The shortcut led him into rising water and deep snow caused by unseasonably warm weather .
Mason was negligent in continuing up the mountain with an injury and veering off the marked path , Acerno said .
Negligence , he said , is based on judging what a reasonable person would do in the same situation .
“ When I twist my ankle , I turn around and come down , ’’ Acerno said .
“ He kept going up . ’’
In New Hampshire , for the year ending June 30 , there were 131 missions that cost $ 175,320 , Acerno said .
He did not know how many resulted in fines .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Despite their reputation for mystical powers , crystal skulls are neither ancient nor mysterious .
by Brian Dunning
Filed under Aliens & UFOs , Ancient Mysteries , Paranormal
Skeptoid Podcast # 98
April 29 , 2008
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4098.mp3
It was 1926 when Anna Mitchell - Hedges , adoptive daughter of British adventurer and author Frederick Albert Mitchell - Hedges , was something of a real life Lara Croft .
She was crawling through an ancient Maya temple in Belize , long ago wrecked by the ages and the ravages of the encroaching jungle .
Beneath a crumbled altar , she unearthed perhaps the most curious artifact from the ancient world : A perfectly clear crystal skull , expertly carved , and immaculately preserved , and about two thirds the size of a real skull .
For nearly 30 years the Mitchell - Hedges family kept the crystal skull a secret , until F.A. Mitchell - Hedges mentioned it briefly in his book Danger My Ally .
In this book he said the skull was 3,600 years old , and was used by Maya priests to strike people dead by the force of their own will .
After her father 's death , Anna took this so - called " Skull of Doom " on tour throughout the world , and its strange powers became well known .
Arthur C. Clarke even used the Mitchell - Hedges skull as the logo for his television series Arthur C. Clarke 's Mysterious World .
The fourth Indiana Jones movie is about a crystal skull with mystical qualities , and furthers the theme originally proposed by Mitchell - Hedges that crystal skulls are alien in origin , coming from Atlantis or Roswell or some alien world .
In fact , practically every reference to a crystal skull over the past 40 years or so has usually been specifically about the Mitchell - Hedges skull .
Some believers in mystical energy feel that the crystal skulls have a broad range of powers .
They can be used to aid in divination , in healing , and even psychic communication .
Others claim that they have refractive properties unlike other crystals .
They are said to remain at exactly 70 degrees no matter what temperature they are exposed to .
They possess spiritual auras that can be photographed .
Some even speculate that when all the crystal skulls are brought together , it will bring about the end of the world .
Now , I 'm reluctant to burst anyone 's bubble , but before going further it 's necessary to clear up a few misconceptions .
The Mitchell - Hedges skull is not quite 3,600 years old , and Mitchell - Hedges found it a little closer to home than Belize .
In fact , he bought it from Sydney Burney , a London art dealer , through a Sotheby 's auction on October 15 , 1943 , as determined in hard black and white by investigator Joe Nickell and others .
This explains why neither Mitchell - Hedges nor his daughter ever said anything about it following their alleged 1926 discovery .
They had never heard of it , until they bought it 18 years later , and then invented their Maya altar story .
So this Sydney Burney character , perhaps he was the one who actually found the skull in a Maya ruin , and traced its history back to the Atlanteans ?
Well , there is additional hard evidence that Burney owned the skull as far back as 1933 , because he wrote a letter about it to the American Museum of Natural History , which they still have .
Three years later , the British anthropological journal Man published an article about Burney 's skull , and this 1936 article remains the earliest known documentation of any crystal skull .
I 've since received an 1887 New York Times article in which a paper was presented about a skull — see next paragraph .
–BD
It seems clear , but has never been never proven , that Burney bought the skull from French collector Eugene Boban .
The timing was right ; the two men knew each other ; and Boban is known to have sold at least two other crystal skulls about the same time Burney acquired his .
If Mitchell - Hedges was the real Indiana Jones , Eugene Boban was the real Belloq .
He was even French .
And , like Belloq , he did n't actually go into the jungle tombs personally to acquire his artifacts .
In Boban 's case , he simple purchased them in bulk from the manufacturer .
This time , the manufacturer was Germany 's so - called " capital of the gemstone industry " Idar - Oberstein , a bucolic hamlet where artisans and craftsmen chip away at semi-precious stones in their workshops like so many Gepettos .
In the 1870's , craftsmen in Idar - Oberstein made a large purchase of quartz crystals from Brazil , from which to make carvings .
Nobody has ever found documented proof , but at about the time the Idar - Oberstein craftsmen were selling their cunningly carved art objects of Brazilian quartz , Eugene Boban left from there with at least three , and possibly as many as thirteen , freshly carved skulls made from Brazilian quartz .
Any connection you choose to draw is purely speculative .
According to documents found by Jane Walsh , a Smithsonian archivist , Boban sold one of his skulls to Tiffany 's in New York City , which in turn sold it to the British Museum in 1897 .
Boban sold a second skull to a collector who then donated it to the Museum of Man in Paris .
An 1887 New York Times article describes the British Museum skull then in the hands of New York collector George H. Sisson , who had bought it from Eugene Boban .
After this article , Sisson sold this skull to Tiffany's .
–BD
For decades , the British Museum and the Museum of Man displayed their crystal skulls with the provenances originally provided by Eugene Boban , which was that the skulls came from pre-Columbian Aztec origin .
But then , in separate studies in the 1990's , both the British Museum and the Smithsonian examined a number of crystal skulls , including all of those in museum collections attributed to Eugene Boban .
Analysis of the cut and polish marks by electron microscope proved that they were made using 19th century rotary cutting tools , identical to those in use in Idar - Oberstein at that time .
The British Museum now lists their skull as " probably European , 19th century , " and " not an authentic pre-Columbian artifact . "
The Paris skull , also from Boban , was subjected to even better tests in 2008 , confirming that its polishing was done using modern tools .
In addition , particle accelerator tests found traces of water used during the cutting and polishing , occluded within the quartz , that positively dated the carving to between 1867 and 1886 .
Neither the Mitchell - Hedges nor their skull 's current owner , family friend Bill Homann , ever allowed the Mitchell - Hedges skull to be tested with modern equipment ; nor have any of the owners of other famous crystal skulls like the one called Max in Texas .
The privately owned skulls now confine themselves to touring to mysticism conventions , New Age hotbeds like Sedona , and charging for private viewings and sessions .
So far as I 've been able to find , no private crystal skull owner has ever allowed controlled tests of their claims of any mystical powers they say their skull has .
If they 'd like to , this is my personal guarantee to fast - track them to the James Randi Educational Foundation 's million dollar prize .
There is enough of a gap in the early history of the Mitchell - Hedges skull that we cannot absolutely trace its lineage from the Idar - Oberstein workshops in the 1870's to the hands of Sydney Burney in 1933 .
Everything known about the skull is consistent with that history , and no evidence has ever been presented that the skull might have any other origin .
There is the Mitchell - Hedges ' own story of having found the skull in their pulp - fiction Maya tomb adventure , but that story has been conclusively proven to be a fabrication by documentation from Sotheby 's and Burney .
All of this makes it rather difficult to form an opinion about the mystical powers of crystal skulls .
If these powers are attributed to their Maya , Atlantean , or alien origin , then that attribution is conclusively false , but that does n't mean the mystical power itself does n't exist .
The first thing the claimants would need to do is articulate exactly what the supernatural power is , and then demonstrate it under controlled conditions .
Neither of these has ever been done , so a truly critical analysis has nothing to advance it beyond a null hypothesis .
And so there we have it :
All known crystal skulls are of modern origin , with no unusual properties , and no coherent or testable claims of anything out of the ordinary .
Indiana Jones might make great entertainment , but it makes poor archaelogical history .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
For all the talk of 30 thousand plus petitions and boycotts over Left 4 Dead 2′s sooner - than - expected release , the game does n’t seem to be suffering much according to Valve .
A Valve representative tells Eurogamer that pre-orders for the sequel are currently double that of the original ’s pre-order figures from the same time last year .
Although that sounds very impressive at first sight , we have to remeber that Left 4 Dead did n’t really have its big coming - out party until E3 2008 , which as Joystiq points out “ technically would n’t occur for another two weeks from now ” .
Nitpicks aside , Valve has already stated that it plans to continue supporting Left 4 Dead with more content .
The company expects to announce more DLC near the end of summer and has expressed that people will understand the big L4D picture within a year .
[ Via Joystiq ]
This material old .
Corrected and revised material is at http://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~gill/BWLectSite/ and is called Sets Equivalence and Order A Short Course in Discrete Mathematics
by
Edward A. Bender & S. Gill Williamson Dover ( 2005 ) ISBN 0-486-43946-1
240 pages
Intended audience : Sophomores .
This is the first quarter of a 2 quarter sequence .
Background :
Some familiarity with calculus is assumed but is not essential .
Comments and errata are appreciated .
ebender@ucsd.edu
Text for next course :
Mathematics for Algorithm and System Analysis by E. A. Bender & S. G. Williamson
You may download a copy for personal use from this web page at no charge .
This material is intended for double sided reproduction .
All files start on a right hand page .
Warning : Due to encapsulated PostScript , the PostScript files may be quite large .
The numbers in parentheses give approximate pages and file sizes in the form ( pages ) ( ps , pdf ) .
ps pdf Title page and Table of Contents ( 5 pp. )
ps pdf Unit SF : Sets and Functions ( 32 pp . )
ps pdf Unit BF : Boolean Functions and Computer Arithmetic ( 25 pp . )
ps pdf Unit Lo : Logic ( 25 pp . )
ps pdf Unit NT : Number Theory and Cryptography ( 28 pp . )
ps pdf Unit IS : Induction and Sequences * ( 33 pp . )
ps pdf Unit EO : Equivalence and Order ( 36 pp . )
ps pdf Indexes ( 10 pp . )
ps pdf Solutions ( 47 pp. ) ( 4,416 kb , 440 kb )
*
How do you dismantle a nuclear bomb ?
And how do you verify another country is genuinely disarming without compromising sensitive national security material ?
BBC security correspondent Gordon Corera was given exclusive access to a unique exercise run by the UK and Norway to find out .
The nuclear weapon is carefully lifted out of a large container and moved onto the floor .
Two engineers use an electric screwdriver to open up a side compartment and remove the " physics package " containing the sensitive parts of the bomb .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A scientist with a radiation detector beckons me forward as he points his machine towards the box .
It begins to emit an accelerating beeping noise .
" The measurement is approximately a hundred times normal background radiation , " he tells me .
" But it is not dangerous , I promise , " he adds with a smile .
NUCLEAR DISARMAMENT PROCESS
1 : Nuclear weapon transported to disarmament facility 2 : Weapon is hauled by crane into storeroom and dismantled 3 : Physics package is removed and placed in separate container 4 : Inspectors use device to confirm radioactive material is present in container 5 : Container is then sealed in a side - room overnight with CCTV 6 : Next day physics package is transported to a hot cell for dismantling 7 : Radioactive material is removed safely and put into storage
The lack of danger is because the bomb is not real .
To inject an element of realism into this experiment , a weak radioactive material - Cobalt 60 - is used .
The dismantlement experiment is a joint exercise between the UK and Norway - the first of its kind - and was held a few miles from Oslo .
The five - day exercise has been keenly anticipated internationally as a way of building trust between nuclear weapons states and non-nuclear weapons states .
It is designed to see if one country can verify the disarmament of another country 's nuclear weapon , but without any sensitive information about national security and weapon design being compromised .
In a role reversal , the Norwegians play a nuclear weapons state ( called Torland ) and the UK team play inspectors from Luvania , a non-nuclear weapons state .
REDUCING WEAPONS
There is currently a new push for global nuclear disarmament .
Russia and the US announced in Moscow in early July that they would reduce their stockpiles and the UK has said it might be willing to reduce further its nuclear deterrent as part of any global disarmament talks .
The non-nuclear weapons states have been pressing for more active disarmament and if there were further moves then allowing non-nuclear states to verify the disarmament would help increase confidence between the two sides .
The 10 inspectors from UK / Luvania remain in character as soon as they enter the gates of the nuclear facility .
During meal breaks they are kept separate from both the Norwegian / Torland team and the joint planning group .
A huge amount of work goes in to making the exercise as realistic as possible .
A large , white binder contains briefing packs with fake Torland letters inviting the team to verify dismantlement of one of their Odin gravity bombs .
Stamped " secret " , the Torland brief states that all details about the size , shape , composition , etc , " must be kept outside the knowledge of inspectors at all costs " .
To complicate matters , inspectors are given a printout from a fake website which features what is alleged to be leaked pictures of the weapon .
" The aim is to develop methodologies we could use in inspections of a real nuclear facility but in an environment in which can do trial and error , " explains Andreas Persbo of Vertic , which helped organise the event .
It is not an exercise in which the nuclear state is trying to clandestinely divert nuclear material or the inspecting side search for a covert facility .
Paintball guards
The main aim instead is to try to look for practical lessons and solutions to build confidence between the haves and have - nots in the nuclear world .
A weak radioactive substance is used in the fake bomb Even so , the British / Luvania team push the boundaries during the long negotiating sessions that begin and end each day , at one point submitting 15 questions , some of which the Norway / Torland team refuse to answer .
There is even an early disagreement over the question of what type of warning - if any - the guards would give before firing their weapons .
The guards , who follow the inspectors everywhere , are real Norwegian soldiers but armed with non-lethal weapons , similar to paintball guns .
The key task for the inspectors is to establish a chain of custody and ensure that at no point is any sensitive material diverted .
But this has to be done without ever actually seeing the sensitive material itself .
Initially , a truck takes a container carrying the device to the disarmament facility .
It is a very choreographed process , almost like a ballet
Andreas Persbo
From the start inspectors watch , photograph , seal and tag key items .
They cover entry and exit points to the disarmament chamber , sweeping all those going in and out to ensure no radioactive material is smuggled away .
" It is a very choreographed process , almost like a ballet , " says Mr Persbo .
" Timings are very precise . "
The amount of fissile material in a nuclear bomb is itself classified , so a number of techniques have to be employed by the inspectors to ensure nothing is diverted when they are not able to measure it in detail themselves .
Each country 's scientists have separately designed and built their own prototype devices known as " information barriers " , which can confirm that an agreed amount of radioactive material is present in any container .
The machines provide a green light if the contents match the last reading but the actual contents are not revealed .
Inspectors are tricked with fake information about the bomb
There is genuine relief from the scientists when both come out with an agreed result of what is inside the container .
The other means for assuring the chain of custody are tags and seals .
Tags and seals A tag is any form of identifying label , while a seal is used to ensure a room or box is not tampered with during times inspectors are not physically watching it .
These are surprisingly low - tech .
A purple strip of adhesive goes across a door hinge .
If it is moved then the colour changes and a warning appears on it .
Additionally , the seal has a blob of glue with multi-coloured glitter inside .
This is photographed close - up by the inspectors once it is in place and then again when inspectors return .
The unique pattern would be almost impossible to replicate perfectly in a relatively short space of time .
More high - tech variants are available involving fibre - optics and the next stage of the project may involve looking at ways of designing the most effective seals .
After the " physics package " is removed from the bomb and placed in a container , the inspectors are allowed to return into the room and watch it being placed in a storage room for the night .
A tampered seal provoked a crisis on one day of the experiment
The next morning , in the pouring rain , inspectors follow the container as it is moved by a cart to another part of the facility where the radioactive material is - at least notionally - removed in a hot cell using robotics arms .
Finally it is moved to a storage site .
" This is about having an understanding of what it means to take some material from A to B without really knowing what it is , " explains Norwegian official Ole Reistad .
" Under other verification arrangements , it might be special types of fuel , it might be commercial secrets or it might be other security interests that you have to protect in some way . "
Dress rehearsal
In practice no nuclear weapons state has ever allowed a non-nuclear weapons state to verify disarmament .
But if there was to be multilateral disarmament in the future , it may well be important to provide such states with confidence over its actions .
Officials on both sides hope that this and any future events will lead to better understanding between nuclear weapons states and non-nuclear weapons states and more collaborations , allowing trust and confidence to be increased .
This project in a way shows our commitment to try and find good practical ways of making sure we have nuclear disarmament
Gry Larsen , State Secretary for Foreign Affairs , Norway " Norway is very much committed on the disarmament agenda , " explains Gry Larsen , Norway 's State Secretary for Foreign Affairs .
" This project in a way shows our commitment to try and find good practical ways of making sure we have nuclear disarmament . "
UK inspectors and observers say they learnt about the challenges of being a non-nuclear weapons state and providing confidence , as well as ways of ensuring their own sensitive material is protected .
The Norwegians say they garnered a first - hand perspective of the sensitivities of nuclear states in protecting classified information .
The UK has talked of acting as a " disarmament laboratory " and being part of the process allows the UK to say that it is living up to its obligations under the Non-Proliferation Treaty for disarmament , although the emphasis is on developing the technical aspects of verification .
" It was lots of hard work but there 's opportunity for more progress in the future , " said one UK Ministry of Defence official .
Other countries are also said to have shown interest in the work , including the US , Canada , Russia , Australia and Japan .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Investors have been blindsided by one financial catastrophe after another over the last 18 months , but throughout the tumult , the government bond market has been their friend .
Until now .
A brutal drop in long - dated Treasury prices has caught even the best money managers off guard -- in some cases wiping out as much as 60 percent of the gains they booked in last year ’s huge rally in U.S. Treasuries .
The Vanguard Group , Fidelity Investments , T. Rowe Price and Hoisington Investment Management have seen their government funds down anywhere between 10 percent and 30 percent , as record amounts of debt flood the market to pay for the swelling budget deficit .
What ’s stunning about the portfolio declines is the swift plunge in Treasury prices within a short period of time despite the Federal Reserve ’s buyback purchases intended to hold down interest rates .
Benchmark 10 - year Treasury yields have surged to levels not seen in more than six months , resulting in meaningful losses for many portfolios .
The 10 - year T - note and 30 - year Treasury bond are down 8.58 percent and 24 percent , respectively , in terms of price for the year to date .
“ If I were clairvoyant and knew we were going to have a sell - off of this magnitude , I would ’ve been all in cash , but I ’m not , ” said Van Hoisington , whose flagship Wasatch - Hoisington U.S. Treasury Fund is down more than 20 percent .
To be fair , not all Treasury - oriented funds like Hoisington ’s represent an expression of a firm ’s macro view of economic growth or lackthereof .
Some bond funds , such as the Vanguard Extended Duration Treasury Index Institutional , hold Treasuries for actuarial reasons .
SOME BULLS SMILE THROUGH THE PAIN
Even so , the losses are massive .
Some of the rise in yields and slide in Treasury prices is due to investors ’ appetite for riskier fare like stocks , junk bonds and corporate debt , which have been performing well on signs the recession is easing .
Indeed , for much of 2008 and earlier this year , investors piled into U.S. government debt during the credit crisis , sending yields to historic lows and triggering talk of a bubble similar to that of the Nasdaq ’s Internet - led bubble , which expanded in the late 1990s and burst in March 2000 .
But there also have been concerns about America ’s long - term financial health , which has set in motion a huge domino effect -- leading money managers such as Hoisington to stay bullish on Treasuries .
“ We ai n’t seen nothing yet in terms of the gazillion amount of Treasuries coming to fund our stimulus programs , ” said Dan Fuss , vice chairman of Loomis Sayles , which oversees more than $ 107.7 billion in assets .
UNITED STATES ’ AAA VULNERABLE
On May 21 , Moody ’s Investors Service said while it is comfortable with America ’s AAA debt rating , it is not guaranteed forever against the backdrop of its deteriorating fiscal position .
That helped exacerbate market fears that the United States remains ever more vulnerable to lose its coveted triple - A rating with its need to borrow $ 2 trillion -- or 14 percent of the country ’s total economic output and more than twice the record of 6 percent set in 1983 .
That also has set off a chain reaction , notably with the so - called “ bond vigilantes . ”
Veteran Wall Street strategist Ed Yardeni coined the term “ bond vigilantes ” to describe the huge appetite for yield of investors in the 1980s , who got burned in the ‘ 70s ; these investors demanded higher yields to compensate for perceived risks of inflation and budget deficits .
The phenomenon seems premature to some investors in Treasuries .
“ If zero growth is gonna result in inflation , it ’s a new economic paradigm as far as I ’m concerned , ” Hoisington said .
His fund was up an astounding 37.77 percent in 2008 .
“ We do not have a forecast of runaway growth , nor does the Fed , ” added Brian Brennan , manager of the T. Rowe Price U.S. Treasury Long - Term bond fund , which is down nearly 11 percent .
Conversely , his fund was up more than 23 percent last year .
The standout of the crowd , however , is Vanguard .
Its Extended Duration fund , which is down over 33 percent so far this year , “ is not an expression of our macro call , ” Ken Volpert , head of the Taxable Bond Group at The Vanguard Group , where he oversees about $ 200 billion in assets , told Reuters .
Volpert said the fund , which was up 55.52 percent in 2008 , is primarily intended for pension plans and other institutional investors that want to closely match long - term liabilities with a portfolio of U.S.
Treasury securities of similar long - term duration .
He added that credit conditions have improved dramatically and confidence has come back into the markets and economy to feed the belief in recovery .
Even so , “ somebody lost their shirt ... 33 percent is no small chunk of change , ” said Jeff Tjornehoj , research manager at Lipper Inc , a funds research firm owned by Thomson Reuters .
Will the rescuers arrive in the nick of time ?
Not necessarily .
This movie may not be ' '55 Days at Peking ' ' after all .
It may be ' ' A Bridge Too Far . ''
A few months ago the vast majority of business economists mocked concerns about a ' ' double dip , '' a second leg to the downturn .
But there were a few dogged iconoclasts out there , most notably Stephen Roach at Morgan Stanley .
As I 've repeatedly said in this column , the arguments of the double - dippers made a lot of sense .
And their story now looks more plausible than ever .
The basic point is that the recession of 2001 was n't a typical postwar slump , brought on when an inflation - fighting Fed raises interest rates and easily ended by a snapback in housing and consumer spending when the Fed brings rates back down again .
This was a prewar - style recession , a morning after brought on by irrational exuberance .
To fight this recession the Fed needs more than a snapback ; it needs soaring household spending to offset moribund business investment .
And to do that , as Paul McCulley of Pimco put it , Alan Greenspan needs to create a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble .
Judging by Mr. Greenspan 's remarkably cheerful recent testimony , he still thinks he can pull that off .
But the Fed chairman 's crystal ball has been cloudy lately ; remember how he urged Congress to cut taxes to head off the risk of excessive budget surpluses ?
And a sober look at recent data is not encouraging .
On the surface , the sharp drop in the economy 's growth , from 5 percent in the first quarter to 1 percent in the second , is disheartening .
Under the surface , it 's quite a lot worse .
Even in the first quarter , investment and consumer spending were sluggish ; most of the growth came as businesses stopped running down their inventories .
In the second quarter , inventories were the whole story : final demand actually fell .
And lately straws in the wind that often give advance warning of changes in official statistics , like mall traffic , have been blowing the wrong way .
Obtuse Verbosity On Demand .
Please send e-mail to brainallgone at prodigy dot net .
By Mike Wooldridge
BBC world affairs correspondent
The government says the life of the unborn child must be paramount Amnesty International has called on Nicaragua to repeal a law introduced last year criminalising abortion in all circumstances .
After a fact - finding mission , Amnesty says in its report that the total ban on abortion " marks a grave departure from the government 's commitment to improving social equality and has severe consequences for the protection of human rights for women and girls " .
Amnesty points out that the ban allows no exceptions - even when continuing a pregnancy risks the life or health of the woman or girl or when the pregnancy is the result of rape .
Women have no right to decide for themselves .
The lives of women are secondary
Maria Lourdes
Director of Ixchen women 's clinic
The human rights group argues that banning so - called therapeutic abortions - undertaken in order to preserve the health of the mother - not only endangers lives but also puts medical professionals in an " unconscionable " position .
The Nicaraguan health ministry , contacted by the BBC , had no comment on Amnesty 's report but the government has previously said that it is committed to reducing maternal mortality .
Doctors ' dilemma Accurate statistics of the impact of the ban in terms of avoidable deaths are hard to come by .
One doctor said that of 95 women who died last year as a result of medical complications with their pregnancies , 13 could have been saved if they had been able to have therapeutic abortions .
And the difficulties now facing medical staff are very real , says Dr Andres Herrera Rodriguez of the University of Leon in Nicaragua .
Women 's groups and doctors say the law is wrong " Now you can't even teach about abortion because it would be dangerous .
You need to be very careful because the law says you can be put in jail if someone says you are promoting abortion , " he says .
" We need to be able to deal with people who have been sexually abused , " he says .
" If a woman 's life is at risk you need to do something to make sure she does n't die .
Our back is to the wall , I would say . "
Most Nicaraguans are Catholics and the Roman Catholic Church was a key backer of the ban - arguing that abortion meant murder , even when mothers ' wellbeing was in jeopardy .
And the Church and practically every parliamentarian agreed that the term " therapeutic " was being over - used to cover a wide range of terminations that were not actually medically justified .
Amnesty says officials have sent out private signals that doctors should continue to abide by their own medical code .
Nonetheless , Amnesty maintains that the total ban has " a chilling effect on the ability of medical professionals and health workers to provide medically indicated treatment " .
One woman told us about her sister 's ectopic pregnancy - discovered three weeks after the ban went into effect .
" We were very afraid .
But she was able to have an abortion .
Fortunately some doctors still act on medical principles . "
Law ' hits poor '
It is indeed clear that , despite the ban , there are still some abortions taking place .
A 22 - year - old woman told us what happened when she recently wanted an abortion .
" I talked to a doctor and she indicated that there was a way to do it in your home using some medicine , " she said .
The law targets the poor , says the director of Ixchen clinic " I was between two places - my future and the risk of going to jail .
But I own my body . "
Amnesty argues in its report that the effects of the new law are most marked among women and girls living in poverty .
Each day at the Ixchen women 's centre in Managua the seats around the open courtyard , where people wait to be seen , are filled with many women enduring hardship - in making ends meet and often in their relationships too .
The centre 's director , Maria Lourdes , says the total ban on abortion is a big problem and she sees it as an expression of the weakness in the human rights system in Nicaragua .
" Women have no right to decide for themselves , " she says .
" The lives of women are secondary . "
Betrayal ?
For some Nicaraguans , the issue is a touchstone of the legacy of the Sandinista revolution , which has just marked its 30th anniversary .
Ahead of the 2006 elections that brought the Sandinistas back to power after a lengthy spell in opposition , they backed calls from the Roman Catholic church for the end to therapeutic abortions .
This was " playing politics with the lives of women and girls " , says Patricia Orozco .
She fought on the side of the Sandinistas and is today a radio journalist and activist .
I asked her whether she felt there had been a betrayal of the revolution she took part in .
" We see our comrades in the revolution all changed , many of the women in particular . "
At the University of Leon , Dr Herrera said that 30 years ago when the revolution took place he dreamed that there would be freedom for women .
" I have been working with women for many years .
It has been very hard for women - especially now . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You drink coffee .
Tea .
When it ’s at home , it ’s organic , and when you ’re out , you do your best .
In so many ways , you live a green lifestyle .
And yet , there ’s one sticky point : the cup .
You know about bringing your own mug , but it ’s just so…clumsy .
And it ’s not the right size for the machines your barista uses , so they have to use a different cup when making it , defeating the purpose of you bringing a mug .
Yes , their cups are made from recycled paper , but they ’re coated to make them waterproof , heat resistant , etc .
Which means they are n’t getting recycled a second time .
Compostable ?
Biodegradable ?
Possibly , but still , some materials had to be used to make that single use cup .
Often more than twice the weight of the resulting cup .
And for many , unless you have a professional grade facility at home , composting or biodegrading is n’t going to happen any time soon .
What to do ?
KeepCup has what may be just the thing :
[ social_buttons ]
Cups made from # 5 propylene .
Translation :
It ’s recyclable .
It ’s shape mimics that of barista standard sizes , making for easy integration with their system .
Yes it stands out , but soon enough you ’ll have others following your lead , so the band on the middle has all the standard coffee / tea configurations written on it , so you can mark it to be certain which is yours .
And apparently they can be customized with a company ’s name / logo on it .
KeepCup does n’t need to be treated gently , it ’s machine washable and microwaveable , lending itself to be used for soup , for instance .
They claim it ’s unbreakable , a distinct advantage over the ceramic mug you may have been bringing from home , getting chipped and possibly broken in transport .
In a sustainable design touch others may not have thought of , The lid , seal , and cup band are all the same size , no matter what size KeepCup you get .
This I imagine saves on energy use at the factory , as less lines of production are needed to make the KeepCup components .
All in all , one small step that , done en masse , could have a significant impact .
My only qualm with this , being in the US , is the distance it would have to be shipped from it ’s Australian point of creation .
I ’m betting this will find domestic producers soon enough though .
Readers :
What other smartly designed products are you finding out there that address everyday activities ?
[ social_buttons ]
England 's rubbish mountains are finally shrinking , with people binning less now than at any time in living memory .
New figures obtained by The Independent on Sunday reveal that the conspicuous consumption and obscene wastage that have come to characterise the nation have slowed dramatically in the face of the recession .
Last week , the latest statistics from the Department for Food , Environment and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) revealed that the amount of waste sent to landfill or incinerated per person in England has fallen to the lowest level since estimates were first made .
Local councils and waste management companies across the whole country are reporting a drop of up to 10 per cent in waste collection in recent months , a fall that the UK environmental charity Waste Watch estimates could result in a massive reduction of 2.5 million tonnes in waste production in 2009 – enough rubbish to fill Canary Wharf five times over .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Experts believe that a number of factors have contributed to this remarkable fall , including a shift in public attitudes away from profligate living ; a drop in the amount of white goods , such as washing machines and TVs , being thrown out ; and a fall in construction waste , as the recession affects the number of building projects .
" We collected 4.5 per cent less waste in the last year , which is 7,000 fewer tonnes of rubbish " said Mark Banks , waste strategy manager for Westminster City Council .
" This is common across the whole of Greater London – local authorities are reporting between a 3 per cent and 10 per cent drop in waste collection , " he said .
Identical situations are being reported across the rest of England .
Devon County Council has seen a 3 per cent drop in the amount of waste being produced , collecting 12,900 fewer tonnes of rubbish in the past year .
Leading waste management companies – such as Cory Environmental , Viridor and Grundon – which work across England , Scotland and Wales have all been hit by the slump in waste production , with waste collection drivers being laid off in some areas .
" Volumes were down by over 10 per cent in the first quarter of 2009 , " said Malcolm Ward , chief executive officer of Cory Environmental , which collected 3.5 million tonnes of rubbish last year .
" Major factors have been a fall - off in levels of construction waste , and lower household volumes as a result of reduced consumer spending , " Mr Ward said .
Environmental groups and the Government have shifted their attention from recycling to waste prevention in recent years .
For example , the Love Food Hate Waste campaign , launched by the government watchdog Waste Resources and Action Programme ( Wrap ) in November 2007 , has been successful in raising awareness of the £ 10.2 bn of food waste we throw away each year .
Defra 's figures , released last week , also highlight a surge in recycling .
Britons recycled 36.3 per cent of their rubbish last year , up from 30.9 per cent in 2007 .
However , the research reveals big disparities between levels of recycling across the country , with Londoners recycling just 27.5 per cent of their waste , while environmentally conscious residents in the East Midlands recycled 43.8 per cent .
Experts believe that while there are clear links between decreased production and consumption due to the current recession – the UK economy shrank by 1.9 per cent in the first quarter of 2009 – and a reduction in waste , the increase in recycling points to a wider social shift .
" Not only are people moving away from conspicuous consumption , but they are also being more responsible with what they do consume , which is why recycling has n't fallen .
It is a movement away from disposable living , " said Ian Mulheirn , director of the Social Market Foundation .
Defra 's figures indicate that English households were already beginning to reduce the amount of waste they produced before the country felt the full force of the recession .
Household waste dropped by almost half a million tonnes in the year up to September 2008 compared to the same period in 2007 , while the amount of household waste sent to landfill or incinerated also fell to just 314 kg per person – the lowest level since estimates were first made in 1983 .
" The trend must continue long after the economy has recovered if we are to reduce our dependence on landfill and use our natural resources more sustainably , " said Sam Jarvis , head of communications at Waste Watch .
" To do this , we need to decouple economic growth from waste growth , " he said .
Recycle and reuse : ' It 's always made sense to me '
Eleanor Harrison , 28 , from London , and her daughter , Megan , nine months
" We do as much recycling as we can .
There has always been something about recycling that made sense to me .
I use reusable nappies for my baby , which some people do find a bit weird .
We had an antenatal class of seven people and at first none of them used reusable ones except me , but now a couple of the others have got into it .
Right from the beginning , we used reusable nappies and the amount of rubbish in the bin by the end of the week was just ridiculous .
All our recycling goes in one big orange bag – in which we put plastics , bottles , newspapers , etc – whereas my mum who lives in Oxford has lots of different ones .
We do n't have enough room for a compost heap , but if we did , I 'd definitely have one .
I mend my clothes , and have made some from scratch .
My mum taught me to sew when I was younger , and then we had lessons at school , too .
I watch Grand Designs a lot and would like to build an eco house !
Things like solar panels make a lot of sense to me , but they are a big investment .
I really try not to throw food away .
I suppose it is a combination of not wanting to waste money and concerns about the environment .
Not being wasteful does save you money .
I think a lot of people feel the same as me about not wasting things . "
FRASER -- A game of Monopoly has landed a Macomb County man in jail .
WDIV - TV reports the 54 - year - old Fraser man was playing the board game Saturday night with a female friend when he tried to buy Park Place and Boardwalk from her .
When she refused , Fraser police Lt. Dan Kolke tells WWJ - AM he slapped her in the face , breaking her glasses .
Kenneth Anthony Repke admitted to the violence , was arrested and charged with misdemeanor assault and battery .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least 38 children have been killed in a fire that swept through a state - run day - care centre in north - western Mexico , officials say .
The fire broke out at the ABC centre in the city of Hermosillo in Sonora state .
Dozens of children were taken to hospital suffering from burns and smoke inhalation .
Officials warn that the final death toll may rise .
The fire appears to have started in a tyre depot with flammable materials next to the day - care centre .
" We 're still investigating what caused the fire , " said Jose Larrinaga , a spokesman for the Sonora prosecutor 's office .
Local media say the blaze spread so rapidly that some children could not be taken out of the centre .
President Felipe Calderon expressed his " profound pain " over the tragedy in the centre , which was run by Mexico 's social services .
Fire fighters had to knock holes in the walls of the building to rescue children .
Officials said the fire was later put out , but that it may take hours for rescuers to sift through the gutted building .
Dozens of ambulances are surrounding the area with thick smoke in the air , the BBC's Steve Gibbs in Mexico says .
Terrified parents rushed to city hospitals - desperate for news about their children , many of whom remained unaccounted for .
At least 176 children are reported to have been at the centre when the fire began .
The children's age reportedly ranged from six months to five years .
Mexican commentators are already asking why the day - care centre was situated next to the depot , our correspondent says .
ORLANDO , Florida ( Reuters ) -
Use of menopausal hormone - replacement therapy increases the risk of death from lung cancer by 60 percent after five years , U.S. researchers reported on Saturday .
For smokers , the trial found that use of Prempro , Wyeth ’s combined estrogen / progestin hormone - replacement therapy , caused an extra death from non -small cell lung cancer for each 100 women during the study .
Doctors once thought that hormone therapy , or HRT , could protect women from chronic diseases , especially heart disease .
But use of the drugs plunged after 2002 when the large Women ’s Health Initiative study found that HRT could raise the risk not only of breast and ovarian cancer , but of strokes and other serious conditions .
“ Women almost certainly should n’t be using hormone replacement therapy and tobacco at the same time , ” said Dr. Rowan Chlebowski , a medical oncologist Harbor - UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles and lead author of the study , which analyzed data from the WHI trial .
Since 2001 , sales of Wyeth ’s hormone - replacement products have plunged by about 50 percent to around $ 1 billion a year , and the bulk of sales are now estrogen - replacement drug Premarin and cream formulations , said Joseph Camardo , head of medical affairs at Madison , New Jersey - based Wyeth .
“ Practice has already changed significantly , ” he said .
“ Guidance and the label have changed ... use has shifted toward much shorter duration and lower doses . ”
The Wyeth official noted that the average age of women in the WHI study was 63 , and the participants used high doses of Prempro over long periods of time .
Chlebowski said previous research suggested that hormones play a role in non-small cell lung cancer , the most common form of the disease , because women tend to have higher survival rates than men and respond better to certain therapies .
His study , presented here at a meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology , was the first to show a correlation in a randomized clinical trial setting .
Is Israel targeting the Palestinian population in Gaza by distributing libido - increasing chewing gum in the Strip ?
A Hamas police spokesman in the Gaza Strip Islam Shahwan claimed Monday that Israeli intelligence operatives are attempting to " destroy " the young generation by distributing such materials in the coastal enclave .
Shahwan said that the police got their hands on gum that increases sexual desire that , according to him , reaches merchants in the Strip by way of the border crossings .
According to him , a Palestinian drug dealer admitted that he sold products that increase sex drive .
The dealer said that he received the materials from Israeli sources by way of the Karni crossing .
A number of suspects have been arrested .
The affair was exposed when a Palestinian filed a complaint that his daughter chewed the aforementioned gum and experienced the dubious side effects .
Shahwan even claimed that Israeli intelligence operatives encourage dealers in Gaza to distribute the gum for free .
" The Israelis seek to destroy the Palestinians ' social infrastructure with these products and to hurt the young generation by distributing drugs and sex stimulants , " said Shahwan .
However , he noted that drugs reach the Gaza Strip by way of Rafah tunnels , and said that the police keep a close watch on the illegal activities going on in the tunnels between Gaza and Egypt .
Shahwan added that the police have recently seized large amounts of drugs and alcohol attached to the underside of automobiles passing through Erez crossing .
The automobile owners admitted receiving help for smuggling the materials from Israeli intelligence operatives .
MADRID–Spanish police foiled a plot to use a Zeppelin to help a prisoner break out of jail , the Interior Ministry said yesterday .
Investigators found a package sent from Italy containing sophisticated escape equipment that was to have been smuggled into the hilltop Salto del Negro prison in Las Palmas , in the Canary Islands , using a four - metre electronically controlled dirigible .
The breakout had been planned for Tuesday , a day before the detainee , whose name was given as Giulio B. , was due to appear in court on charges of drug trafficking .
Three helpers had set up a camouflaged observation tent on a promontory 600 metres away from the prison , and spent months monitoring jail workers ' movements with high - powered , wide - angle binoculars .
They had electronic motion sensors to warn of people approaching .
The helpers were also found with maps of the prison and handwritten letters sent by Giulio B .
" The strategy consisted of using a four - metre radio - controlled zeppelin to help introduce night - vision equipment , climbing kit and camouflage paint to Giulio B.'s cell , " the ministry said in a statement .
Police say the prisoner would have used the equipment to reach a point on the jail 's perimeter that was not under constant observation .
From there , police believe he would have descended to a waiting escape vehicle , according to the ministry .
The 51 - year - old man was in jail awaiting trial after having been caught flying a seaplane loaded with 200 kilograms of cocaine from Mauritania .
Associated Press
BEAVERTON - A robbery near the Beaverton Transit Center was averted earlier this week due to what police said were the combined efforts of officers , victims and a passing bicyclist .
Police arrested Jentre J. Hoffman , 23 , Tuesday after he allegedly tried to rob Alex Negreanu , 17 , of Portland .
At about 10:25 p.m. , TriMet police were patrolling the Transit Center , 4050 S.W. Lombard Ave. , and were approached by a man who said he kept hearing a woman screaming for help near the pedestrian bridge .
Officers ran toward the bridge and heard Ashley Birkhead , 16 , of Hillsboro , screaming " Help ! Call 9 - 1 - 1 ! " said Detective Pam Yazzolino , spokeswoman for the Beaverton Police Department .
Yazzolino said officer crossed the bridge , near the Canyon Place Shopping Center , and found the girl standing near two men , who were fighting .
Yazzolino said that Birkhead and Negreanu had crossed the bridge and were heading south in the mall when Hoffman approached and grabbed Negreanu 's hat from his head .
When the teenager asked for it back , Hoffman punched him the face , according to Yazzolino .
Hoffman then grabbed other things from Birkhead and Negreanu and said he was taking them , too , she said .
When police arrived , she said , Hoffman ran off .
A passing bicyclist , Dorsett Peake , 39 , of Portland , heard police call for Hoffman to stop and chased the fleeing man to the MAX tracks , Yazzolino said .
Peak knocked Hoffman down , giving police enough time to catch up and make the arrest .
Hoffman was held in the Washington County Jail in lieu of $ 20,000 bail on accusations of third - degree robbery .
-- John Snell ;
johnsnell@news.oregonian.com
Bad organizations very often have problems at the top .
The leaders either are the cause of the problem , or they do n't work to solve them ( or are unaware of just how toxic their organizations have become ) .
Here are some examples when helps create an " organization from hell . "
" The Clueless Leader "
The leaders in these organizations are simply out of touch with how bad things are .
Like Michael Scott from the TV show " The Office , " these leaders simply do n't realize how bad thing are or simply do n't care .
I recall discussing with the president of one organization the possibility of an employee survey to try to get a handle on how disgruntled employees had become .
" Why would we want to do that ? " was the clueless response .
ANTIDOTE :
It is important for leaders to regularly " take the temperature " of their organization , encouraging the upward flow of communication about operations and what employees are thinking and feeling .
" Letting the Rats Run the Ship " All too often , leaders delegate responsibility to either incompetent managers or allow certain " poisonous " individuals to have too much power in the organization , leading to rampant dysfunction .
In one organization , the CEO , who was often absent , delegated all operations to a team of department heads - half of which were completely incompetent .
With no one in charge , little was accomplished because the departments needed to work together to get things done .
The finger pointing and passing the buck led to a completely dysfunctional organization .
In another organization , two very pernicious and self - serving managers were able to stifle any sort of program or initiative that did not directly benefit them .
A succession of leaders failed to deal with this diabolical duo , and the organization became stagnant ( as well as a horrible place to work , particularly for the entrepreneurial and dedicated employees who were stymied at every turn ) .
ANTIDOTE : Leadership is about effective delegation , empowering employees , but also monitoring their performance and progress .
Leaders need to be careful about those they select for positions of power , and work to remove those who are not doing their jobs .
" Incompetence at the Top " The Peter Principle is the notion that in traditional organizations people move up the chain of command until they reach their level of incompetence .
Although research has not established the existence of the Peter Principle , in some organizations this does indeed happen .
I recall one Chief Operating Officer who was convinced not only that he was always right , but that he had the support of the majority of his followers .
After making one particularly bad and very unpopular decision , he stated , " I think I 've built up enough " capital " around here that people will me . "
Unfortunately , his " bank account " was already bankrupt from previous blunders .
ANTIDOTE :
If leaders select for both competence and high potential , and if leaders inspire , challenge , and develop managers , there wo n't be a Peter Principle in the organization .
" When Bureaucracies Trump Leadership "
When even good leaders become detached from what is going on in their companies , the creep of the bureaucracy can come into play and cause an organization to become quickly dysfunctional .
Management guru , Peter Drucker , once said that it only takes about twenty minutes for a bureaucracy to take hold ( Drucker said , " bureaucracies are about rules , not results . " ) .
As a result , organizations become stagnant as members are unwilling to innovate or be creative .
Everyone follows " the rules , " even when those rules make no business sense .
ANTIDOTE : A good leader needs to encourage and stimulate creativity , - empowering and challenging employees rather than stifling their initiative .
All of the antidotes are elements of transformational leadership .
Are you one ?
Is your boss ?
Follow me on Twitter :
http://twitter.com/#!/ronriggio
July 28 , 2009 - A leading global cancer research group is declaring tanning bed use a significant cancer hazard .
The World Health Organization ’s International Agency for Research on Cancer ( IARC ) announced today that it has moved UV tanning beds to its highest cancer risk category -- " carcinogenic to humans . "
Prior to the move , the group had classified sun lamp and tanning bed use as " probably carcinogenic to humans . "
In an interview with WebMD , the IARC ’s Vincent Cogliano , PhD , called the scientific evidence linking indoor tanning to the deadly skin cancer melanoma “ sufficient and compelling . ”
A dramatic rise in melanoma , especially among young women , has been seen in recent years .
Cogliano said studies conducted over the past decade provide an “ an abundance of evidence ” that tanning bed use has played a role in this rise , along with direct sun exposure .
“ People mistakenly see a tan as a sign of health when it is actually a sign of damage to the skin , ” he says .
Our brand name units come with a 5 year warranty and a 30 day full money back satisfaction guarantee .
If for any reason you are not 100 % satisfied , you may return your product for a full refund .
Our devices come with Quick Start Guides and manuals so you can experience , safe and effective pain relief within minutes .
Have questions ?
Email us or call us at ( 888 ) 633-7360 .
We ship daily Monday to Friday .
All products on the website are in - stock for same day shipping when ordered before 2 pm .
We look forward to becoming your one stop shop for drug free pain relief .
We look forward to working with you and hope to hear your success story .
World hunger is projected to reach a historic high in 2009 with 1,020 million people going hungry every day , according to new estimates published by United Nation 's Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) .
The most recent increase in hunger is not the consequence of poor global harvests but is caused by the world economic crisis that has resulted in lower incomes and increased unemployment .
This has reduced access to food by the poor , the UN agency said .
" A dangerous mix of the global economic slowdown combined with stubbornly high food prices in many countries has pushed some 100 million more people than last year into chronic hunger and poverty , " said FAO Director - General Jacques Diouf .
" The silent hunger crisis — affecting one sixth of all of humanity — poses a serious risk for world peace and security .
We urgently need to forge a broad consensus on the total and rapid eradication of hunger in the world and to take the necessary actions . "
" The present situation of world food insecurity cannot leave us indifferent , " he added .
Poor countries , Diouf stressed , " must be given the development , economic and policy tools required to boost their agricultural production and productivity .
Investment in agriculture must be increased because for the majority of poor countries a healthy agricultural sector is essential to overcome poverty and hunger and is a pre-requisite for overall economic growth . "
" Many of the world 's poor and hungry are smallholder farmers in developing countries .
Yet they have the potential not only to meet their own needs but to boost food security and catalyse broader economic growth .
To unleash this potential and reduce the number of hungry people in the world , governments , supported by the international community , need to protect core investments in agriculture so that smallholder farmers have access not only to seeds and fertilisers but to tailored technologies , infrastructure , rural finance , and markets , " said Kanayo F. Nwanze , President of the International Fund for Agricultural Development ( IFAD ) .
advertisement
" For most developing countries there is little doubt that investing in smallholder agriculture is the most sustainable safety net , particularly during a time of global economic crisis , " Nwanze added .
" The rapid march of urgent hunger continues to unleash an enormous humanitarian crisis .
The world must pull together to ensure emergency needs are met as long term solutions are advanced , " said Josette Sheeran , Executive Director of the UN World Food Programme .
Hunger on the rise
Whereas good progress was made in reducing chronic hunger in the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s , hunger has been slowly but steadily on the rise for the past decade , FAO said .
The number of hungry people increased between 1995 - 97 and 2004 - 06 in all regions except Latin America and the Caribbean .
But even in this region , gains in hunger reduction have been reversed as a result of high food prices and the current global economic downturn .
This year , mainly due to the shocks of the economic crisis combined with often high national food prices , the number of hungry people is expected to grow overall by about 11 percent , FAO projects , drawing on analysis by the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
advertisement
Almost all of the world 's undernourished live in developing countries .
In Asia and the Pacific , an estimated 642 million people are suffering from chronic hunger ; in Sub -Saharan Africa 265 million ; in Latin America and the Caribbean 53 million ; in the Near East and North Africa 42 million ; and in developed countries 15 million in total .
In the grip of the crisis
The urban poor will probably face the most severe problems in coping with the global recession , because lower export demand and reduced foreign direct investment are more likely to hit urban jobs harder .
But rural areas will not be spared .
Millions of urban migrants will have to return to the countryside , forcing the rural poor to share the burden in many cases .
Some developing countries are also struggling with the fact that money transfers ( remittances ) sent from migrants back home have declined substantially this year , causing the loss of foreign exchange and household income .
Reduced remittances and a projected decline in official development assistance will further limit the ability of countries to access capital for sustaining production and creating safety nets and social protection schemes for the poor .
Unlike previous crises , developing countries have less room to adjust to the deteriorating economic conditions , because the turmoil is affecting practically all parts of the world more or less simultaneously .
The scope for remedial mechanisms , including exchange - rate depreciation and borrowing from international capital markets for example , to adjust to macroeconomic shocks , is more limited in a global crisis .
The economic crisis also comes on the heel of the food and fuel crisis of 2006 - 08 .
While food prices in world markets declined over the past months , domestic prices in developing countries came down more slowly .
They remained on average 24 percent higher in real terms by the end of 2008 compared to 2006 .
For poor consumers , who spend up to 60 percent of their incomes on staple foods , this means a strong reduction in their effective purchasing power .
It should also be noted that while they declined , international food commodity prices are still 24 percent higher than in 2006 and 33 percent higher than in 2005 .
The 2009 hunger report ( The State of Food Insecurity in the World , SOFI ) will be presented in October .
←
How the Problem of Health Care Undermines the Legitimacy of the Market - State
Honduras was plunged into a political crisis that threatened to spill across the region hours after President Manuel Zelaya was thrown out by the army and exiled to Costa Rica prompting his leftist ally in Venezuela , President Hugo Chavez , to threaten military intervention .
In the first successful military coup in Central America since the end of the Cold War , the army sent masked soldiers into the presidential palace before dawn .
The President , who was in dispute with his military about a planned constitutional referendum , was then escorted to a military plane which took him into exile .
Mr Chavez went on state television later in the day claiming that the coup leaders had taken away the Cuban ambassador to Honduras and left the Venezuelan ambassador by the road in the capital , Tegucigalpa , after beating him .
He said that if troops enter his embassy " that military junta would be entering a de facto state of war , " and " we would have to act militarily " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Congress in Honduras said later that it had received a letter of resignation from Mr Zelaya , purportedly signed on Friday .
In a show of hands , representatives accepted that he had stepped down from office .
The country 's Supreme Court said it supported the coup .
The court had been opposed to the non-binding referendum which was an effort to legitimise a re-writing of the constitution to allow Mr Zelaya to overcome term limits and seek re-election as president .
Mr Chavez and the leaders of Bolivia and Ecuador have similarly moved to end restrictions on how long they can stay in office .
The Honduran ambassador to the Organisation of American States said the military was planning to swear in the Congressional President , Roberto Micheletti , next in line to the presidency according to the constitution , to replace Mr Zelaya , who came into office in 2006 and would have had to stand down in 2010 under the existing constitution .
Speaking from Costa Rica , Mr Zelaya denied he had written a resignation letter calling it " totally false " .
Insisting he was still the president , he said there was " no way to justify an interruption of democracy , a coup d'etat . "
He added : " This kidnapping is an extortion of the Honduran democratic system . "
Under the government of Mr Zelaya , Honduras was member of Alba , a coalition of leftist Latin American countries that includes Bolivia , Cuba , Ecuador and Nicaragua and which is led by Mr Chavez .
The organisation was rushing to arrange a summit in Nicaragua to discuss what action to take after the coup .
" We will bring them down .
We will bring them down , I tell you , " Mr Chavez vowed during yesterday 's broadcast , saying , " I have put the armed forces in Venezuela on high alert " .
Experts noted , however , that Mr Chavez has a track record of threatening military action but not following through with it .
He deployed troops to his border with Colombia last year after that country took action against terrorist bases just inside Ecuador .
That crisis eased after a few days , however .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Zelaya said he first realised a coup was under way when he was woken by gunshots inside his palace grounds .
He described leaping from his bed and avoiding bullets by hiding , still in his pyjamas , behind an air conditioning unit .
He said the palace guard held the soldiers off for more than 20 minutes before he was taken into custody and escorted by eight or nine masked soldiers to the waiting plane .
The streets of Tegucigalpa were reportedly mostly calm last night although main avenues were filled with army tanks in a strong show of force .
Roughly 100 supporters of Mr Zelaya had gathered by mid-morning outside the gates to the palace .
Some threw stones at hundreds of soldiers surrounding the palace and shouted " Traitors ! Traitors ! " in protest .
" They kidnapped him like cowards " yelled Melissa Gaitan , 21 , who works at the government television station .
" We have to rally the people to defend our president . "
In Washington , President Barack Obama said he was " deeply concerned " by news of the coup while the Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , said his expulsion from the country should be condemned .
" I call on all political and social actors in Honduras to respect democratic norms , the rule of law and the tenets of the Inter - American Democratic Charter , " Mr Obama said in a statement released by the White House .
Manuel Zelaya : President in exile
* With his moustache and taste for cowboy hats , Manuel Zelaya won the 2005 presidential election in Honduras by a margin of barely 70,000 votes , as a long - time member of the centre - right Liberal Party .
Once in office , however , Zelaya tracked left and moved the country away from its traditional close alliance with the US , forging links instead with Hugo Chavez , the leftist president of Venezuela .
Though he had campaigned on a law - and - order ticket , his country has increasingly been seen as a transit point for drugs to the US , with rising criminal violence and street gangs .
He has urged Washington to legalise drugs as the best solution to the problem .
Two years ago , in a dispute with the US about imported Honduran melons that were deemed unsafe , Zelaya went on CNN and ate one on air .
Frustrated by what he considered unfair coverage of his government by Honduran television and radio , he issued an order in 2007 that all stations should carry two hours of government propaganda every day .
Remote - controlled cars have always been fun devices for kids and adults alike to enjoy outdoors .
Ni Case decided to take his car one step further by breaking the world R/C speed record .
Continue reading for the video , courtesy of Rockingham Dragway .
The following is a list of potential datasources .
Some of these are already in use , or have been imported fully .
Others are under investigation , and some have been rejected ( details of rejections are on here too ) .
There are basically two criteria :
Licenses -
We are only interested in ' free ' data .
In fact we must be able to release their data with our OpenStreetMap License .
This means it 's OK to use Public Domain data ; for other sources , please check license compatibility .
Accuracy / Quality - All GIS data is limited in terms of accuracy and coverage of features .
Some datasources are very basic .
Because of our wiki style map building approach , this is n't necessarily a problem .
We could import it anyway , and improve it later .
However there are limits to this reasoning , it does for example require active OSM community members for the area affected .
Also in areas where we already have superior coverage through other means , we will not be interested in importing lower quality data .
For example a low accuracy map of the main roads of London , is actually useless to us , whereas similar coverage of an unmapped city would be useful .
With these criteria in mind , look at the following , see if there are license issues and if they are useful to us or we can collaborate , and mail the Mailing lists with results .
Listing datasources here is only the first stage in a careful investigation / planning process for imports .
If you 're interested in performing imports please be aware :
Datasources which we have imported should also go on the Import / Catalogue .
We also have a list of Related Projects
General
Out - of - copyright mapping
See separate page on out - of - copyright maps .
Dispatch centres
Many transportation companies ( Taxi , delivery , courier services ) are using GPS units in their vehicles either to track them in real time in their dispatching centre or just for logging .
It should be in their interest to provide their GPS tracks in order to improve the maps in their areas of operation .
Taxis should effectively cover a city fast , while lorries and such are probably better for longer distances .
Already using Ecourier tracks .
Global Coverage
MapSwipe project
MapSwipe projects is part of the OpenStreetMap community .
The goal is high - quality geographical data , freely accessible and available to everyone .
OSM ’s reciprocal license protects the data from being appropriated by services that do not share back to OSM .
MapSwipe is released under a " liberal " non-reciprocal license ( Creative Commons Attribution ) .
This only requires that users acknowledge the source .
You can do whatever you want with the data , just make sure to credit the MapSwipe contributors .
Project is managed by Heidelberg Institute for Geoinformation Technology at Heidelberg University ( HeiGIT gGmbH )
World Port Index ( position and data of harbours worldwide )
National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency WPI - © COPYRIGHT 2015 BY THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT NO COPYRIGHT CLAIMED UNDER TITLE 17 U.S.C .
Perry - Castañeda Library Map Collection ( contains Army Map Service Topographic Map Series )
The CIA World DataBank
The CIA World DataBank II is a collection of world map data , consisting of vector descriptions of land outlines , rivers , and political boundaries .
It was created by the U.S. government in 1986 .
Hence it should be under public domain , since the files have n't changed since .
There 's roughly 1.8 million shape points in Europe and N.A .
GPX files can be created from the CIA World DataBank with the Perl script at
There is now an 0.5 - compatible import script for OSM at [ 2 ] .
Please document your upload progress on WikiProject_Import_WDB .
GEOnet Names Server
Main page GEOnet Names Server
This database contains 5.5 million geo features ( mainly place names ) .
It 's updated monthly by the agency .
' about ' page states
" There are no licensing requirements or restrictions in place for the use of the GNS data .
However , we recommend using the following citation to identify the GNS as a source ...
The data is messy and with spelling mistakes and strange historical name entries .
Accuracy is also poor .
We have imported GNS data in some countries , usually where mapping is not progressing massively anyway .
This has n't been carried out systematically at a global level .
Geonames.org ( Rejected )
Main page : Geonames
This is a " wiki " style name server at geonames.org which claims to release data with an open license , however it uses various unfree datasources , and pinpoints locations on an unfree google map .
It therefore does not meet the strict requirements of OSM
We do use the dataset for Search however
The Map Library
The Map Library is a source of public domain basic map data concerning administrative boundaries in developing countries .
The format of available data is Map Maker DRA , ESRI Shape file or MapInfo MIF .
In addition to the Map Library data they also are hosting a copy of version 0.9 of the Global Administrative Areas database of the BioGeoMancer project , but :
Note :
The administrative areas dataset is licensed under a noncommercial creative commons license , so it cannot be used in OpenStreetMap . [ 3 ]
The homepage is http://www.maplibrary.org/
OpenGeoDB
OpenGeoDB was started as a German project for places within Germany , extended to Austria , Switzerland , Liechtenstein and Belgium by now .
Initial data was derived from GEOnet Names Server , but has been extended by postal area codes , population , governmental structure etc .
The data is public domain and can be used without any limitations .
The homepage is http://opengeodb.de
Dumps are released on sourceforge : http://sourceforge.net/projects/opengeodb/
Data can be edited and downloaded any time via http://fa-technik.adfc.de/code/opengeodb.pl
The Berkeley BioGeo gData set
See Berkeley_BioGeo_data for more details of this many - country database .
It concerns ESRI compatible free data , in which free needs to be examined .
It is presumed that ESRI compatible files can be converted into OSM formats , even when ESRI itself is a company .
Is a dataformat leading to a problem with licenses ?
Orwall 24 Jan 2008
This data set uses a blanket CC - BY - NC - SA .
The NC part makes it incompatible with OSM .
Individual parts of the database have additional restrictions , and there may be an overall database right being infringed .
We may need to look at purging what has already been imported .
Chriscf 09:10 , 21 October 2008 ( UTC )
I 'll investigate the part containing global administrative areas ( but called GADM ) .
It seems to be very useful , because administrative boundaries are missing for large parts of the world .
One table in the geodatabase ( MS Access ) contains information on copyright for every country .
I 'll try to contact one of the persons at Berkeley , and ask if they agree to lift the NC restriction for OSM .
-- Fsteggink 16:32 , 14 February 2009 ( UTC )
Shoreline databases
There are several freely available datasets for coastlines .
For paths running along cliff tops you would n't want to trust your life to any of this data - but for the purposes of giving you a plausible landmass to draw maps on they 're all useful .
See Proposed features / Coastline
Prototype Global Shoreline
See the main page on PGS
Our script for importing into the OSM database is " Almien coastlines ( PGS ) "
GSHHS - Global Self - consistent Hierarchical High- resolution Shoreline
http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/mgg/shorelines/gshhs.html
Import script is at Almien coastlines ( GSHHS ) , but is not being used in favour of PGS .
GSHHS is a database of lakes and shorelines of the world , resolution of 200 m produced in 1996 .
Delivered with source , written in C , and the PD database .
They are also available as shapefiles .
Tends to give more accurate coastlines than VMAP0 outside of the US ( for some reason VMAP0 seems more accurate for the US ) .
There are issues with inland water ( such as the great lakes ) though .
( The above info appears slightly incorrect : according to the README the last update was in 2004 .
It was generated from the CIA WDBII and the WVS ) .
VMAP0
US department of defence vector map ( contains far more than just coastlines , but can be rather " coarse " .
Also known as Digital Chart of the World .
See Wikipedia .
World Vector Shoreline
http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/mgg/coast/wvs.html
Claims , 1:250,000 scale use , seems pretty accurate at least for the GB and Ireland
EVS Islands ( Data Dependent )
Based upon different landsat images , some comparisons are made against PGS , and there are also maps traced from Google Earth imagery .
He makes very beautiful maps of all the islands of the world .
http://evs-islands.blogspot.com
SWBD - Shuttle radar topography mission Water Body Data .
ftp://e0srp01u.ecs.nasa.gov/srtm/version2
Derived from the SRTM digital elevation model .
Newer than the rest , potentially more accurate .
From the README : SRTM data are distributed in two levels : SRTM1 ( for the U.S. and its territories and possessions ) with data sampled at one arc - second intervals in latitude and longitude , and SRTM3 ( for the world ) sampled at three arc - seconds .
Three arc - second data are generated by three by three averaging of the one arc - second samples .
For reference : one arc - second at the equator is 30 metres .
For the US this means around 18 m accuracy , but for elsewhere it 's pretty bad .
At the latitude of Brussels it would be about 60 metres accuracy .
For any latitude l , 1 arc - second of longitude is about 30 metres multiplied by cos(l ) .
The SWBD data is derived from this and claims one - arc second accuracy worldwide , though only lakes greater than 200 m are included .
Converting SRTM into OSM format can be done with Srtm2Osm .
Earth Observing Laboratory NCAR .
EOL provides state - of - the - art atmospheric observing systems and support services to the university - based research community for climate and weather research .
Most of it is free ( ? )
Unless I misunderstand the OSM license , this quote from Prohibited Uses on the NCAR terms page would seem to indicate data cannot be used without a special wavier being granted by them for the possibility of their data being used in a work that is sold .
Other conditions may apply too .
Data from here should wait until the new OSM licensing is decided so that we do n't have to risk them not agreeing to the new requirements after data under the old agreement has been imported .
" Use that is inconsistent with UCAR 's non-profit status and mission .
UCAR is a non-profit , tax - exempt organization and , as such , is subject to specific federal , state , and local laws regarding sources of income , political activities , use of property , and similar matters .
As a result , commercial use of this Site or the Materials for non-UCAR purposes is generally prohibited .
Requests for exception to this should be directed to ipinfo@ucar.edu . "
Rjhawkin 09:35 , 18 April 2009 ( UTC )
ICEDS European Data Server
The ICEDS server is hosted and run from UCL with the aim of serving high - resolution global and continental data .
One of the nicest things about the site is its ease of use - you view an area and then click a button to download the relevant data ( SRTM , Geological Maps , Landsat 5 & 7 , etc ) .
The site is also an exercise in Open Standards and is fully compliant with the OGC's WMS , WFS standards - meaning that a variety of external data sources ( Weather and bathymetry for example ) can be overlaid with the click of a button ( Why not OSM data ? ) .
In common with OSM it is also based on an Open source principle - Map Server on Apache on Linux .
Two things I particularly like about the site :
Extensive use of Java - Script embeds a lot of features onto the page .
Try out the " Flicker " and " Swipe " tools and the drop down menus for downloading SRTM data .
The near realtime ( 15 minute delay I think ) Global Clouds layer .
hostip.info Geolocation data
http://www.hostip.info/ has a geolocation database .
Geolocation means mapping from IP address to location .
It 's a neat trick , although the accuracy is obviously quite variable ( try it on the site there )
We could try to use this to jump to the user 's home town , rather than the default world map , when a visitor enters the openstreetmap.org homepage .
Might fun , or it might just be confusing when it gets it wrong .
Ip Global Positioning ( Unfree )
http://www.ipgp.net will show a map with the location of an IP address .
In some cases it will show the location of Internet Service Provider , but you can still make an idea .
DAFIF
Defense Aeronautical Flight Information File .
Published by the US Department of Defense , lists pretty much every airport runway worldwide .
Apparently , they 're going to be removing the dataset from public domain in October 2006 .
This is used to populate the scenery databases for Flightgear flight simulator and X - Plane .
Whilst the dataset is still being kept updated in the public domain , I 'll work out an import to Openstreetmap of the runways and taxiways .
Welshie 09:51 , 25 Jun 2006 ( UTC )
ourairports.com
ourairports.com is a replacement for some of the DAFIF data , put into in the public domain .
Other ( partial ) DAFIF replacements
APRS data
Many Amateur radio operators have GPS receivers connected to packet radio transmitters and transmit their location in a standard format known as APRS ( including fixed stations , weather stations , and mobile stations ) on standard frequencies from which the data can be picked up and is injected into a internet infrastructure APRS - IS .
The infrastructure includes databases APRSWorld , OpenAPRS , and a substantial supporting body of open source software ( which would make it simple to set up a database to selectively mine internet feeds for data coming from mobile stations that are likely to be traveling on roads ) .
APRS data does have some intrinsic limitations - positions are usually transmitted on 5 - 10 minute intervals , and a widely used non-compressed format limits the precision of latitude and longitude to 0.01 minute ( see the APRS protocol specification for details ) .
Given the origin of APRS data as Amateur radio transmissions , they are likely to be in the public domain .
APRS is more a use specific data point .
A potential problem is that some APRS stations are not following a land based track .
I know of several APRS devices mounted to weather balloons , hot air balloons , regular and RC aircraft , or boats .
There is no requirement to indicate to a third party what use your APRS station is being put to when it transmits a packet .
Rjhawkin 09:52 , 18 April 2009 ( UTC )
Placeopedia ( rejected )
The guys who gave us Pledgebank made placeopedia as well , it 's a way to use Google maps to geo reference wikipedia articles .
The database is held separately from the wikipedia one , and can be accessed with rss , xml and kml feeds from their site .
It says it is available under a Creative Commons license , but not which one .
This has been discussed on the mailing list , and the consensus is that Placeopedia is a derivative work of Google Maps .
Although it 's very unlikely to be challenged by Google Maps / Teleatlas , it 's not suitable for use in OpenStreetMap ( https://lists.openstreetmap.org/pipermail/talk/2005-October/001212.html is one of many relevant posts , and a good summary of the argument ) .
SALB
" The Second Administrative Level Boundaries ( SALB ) dataset is a dataset aiming at improving the availability of information about administrative boundaries down to the second subnational level .
The SALB dataset forms part of the UN geographic database and was developed in the context of the United Nations Geographic Information Working Group ( UNGIWG ) . "
SALB
True Marble imagery ( Unearthed Outdoors )
Full color global imagery , built from the best available Landsat scenes which have been chosen to optimize vegetation quality and to reduce the cloud cover .
These orthorectified scenes were fed into proprietary , advanced , color adjustment algorithms to produce true color imagery while reducing atmospheric haze .
This imagery was optimized to produce the most natural color while maintaining a high local contrast and dynamic range , resulting in a significant improvement over similar products .
A reduced resolution of the True Marble™ , Global True Marble™ , is available for free download .
This dataset can be used to preview pending purchases , or for any other usage .
We only ask that copyright be attributed to Unearthed Outdoors when reproduced .
Licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License .
http://www.unearthedoutdoors.net/global_data/true_marble/download
World Database on Protected Areas ( WDPA ) ( Rejected )
http://www.wdpa.org/Default.aspx
" The World Database on Protected Areas is a foundation dataset for conservation decision making .
It contains crucial information from national governments , non-governmental organizations , academic institutions , international biodiversity convention secretariats and many others .
It is used for ecological gap analysis , environmental impact analysis and is increasingly used for private sector decision - making .... "
WDPA data use email request
Ramsar Wetland Sites
The data included in the database derives from the Ramsar Information Sheet , the Ramsar National Report and / or from Administrative Authority correspondence provided by Contracting Parties .
This includes information on wetland types , land uses , threats , hydrological values of the sites etc .
The Ramsar Sites Database is primarily a tool to look at Ramsar Sites across geographic and thematic boundaries , useful and necessary for maintaining an overview of a global network of well over 1700 internationally important wetlands from 158 countries .
OpenCellID cell
http://www.opencellid.org/
http://wiki.opencellid.org
OpenCellID is the biggest open source data for CellIDs ( GPS positions of cell towers ) , and provides an API to both
- gather data of newly discovered cell towers
- locate a cell phone or tracking device using cell tower positions
Source code is provided under a GPL license , while data is collected under a Creative Commons Share Alike license V3.0
Plans exist to support Wifi / Bluetooth positioning .
see also : OpenCellID
OpenBmap cell and wifi access points
http://realtimeblog.free.fr/
openBmap is a free and open map of wireless communicating objects ( e.g. cellular antenna , Wi - Fi , Bluetooth ) .
It provides tools to mutualize data , create and access this map .
Data is available under Creative Commons Attribution - Share Alike 3.0 Unported license , and is currently provided as a static download , updated regularly .
The site owners intend to create an api , which could allow regular , scripted updates to the data .
Alternatively , it could be suggested that they adopt their site / software , to upload data direct to osm
see also : openBmap
CODATA Roads Data Catalog
A catalog of roads data sets , globally , compiled by the gRoads project .
There are hundreds of data sets listed here ( many probably already investigated ) , under all sorts of licensing schemes .
There are certainly data sets new to the OSM community that are worth investigating .
The interim PDF is posted at Media: CODATA_Roads_Data_Catalog_v1.pdf
There are possible plans to post this database to the web , with query front end .
United Nations Laws
Of the Sea
The UN DOALOS have a database over all maritime border claims .
There is no apparent license on the data and this is the borders definitions .
But the database is a database of different PDF files with coordinates of baselines and territorial borders .
The text has to be parsed by hand and other maritime borders needs to be calculated from the baseline ( see maritime borders ) .
Data is to be tagged with source = UNCLOS
Freebase
Though the two projects have significant overlap and are both Creative Commons , they are [ http://wiki.freebase.com/wiki/License_compatibility#Compatible_licenses_for_structured_data incompatible ] .
Freebase.com is licenced under CC - BY .
The biggest hurdle in using OSM data within Freebase has been the OSM share - alike license .
All the data in Freebase is available under a CC - BY ( attribution only ) license , allowing anyone to use the data in any way they want as along as they acknowledge Freebase .
The main difference between the licenses is that the Freebase CC - BY license does not impose a share - alike requirement on users of the data .
That said , the OSM community is currently voting on an updated license which could make collaboration between the two data sets much easier in the future ( for more information see : Open_Database_License )
In spite of the licence conflict , simply linking these resources together would n't be a problem .
we could connect relations to locations
/en/buenos_aires
/relation / 369450
and connect osm 'samenity nodes ( or ' points of interest ' ) .
both databases for example , have a mount sinai hospital -
osm @ /node/42606735
freebase @ /guid/9202a8c04000641f800000000039b682
List of Marine Lights
NGA
List of lights is a database of lights , radio , and fog signals .
It contains almost all lights on the world and is published by the US Nationional Geospatiol Intelligency Agency which may have a useful copyright permission .
The database could be querying online and return information in HTML , JSON , XML and CSV .
Information is also published as PDF documents and we have already parsed them into an OSM appropriate format .
The tags used for imported are planned to be the OpenSeaMap proposed seamark : *=* ones .
EC - JRC built - up areas / density of building from Bing
See EC - JRC built - up areas from_Bing
This is partially a follow - up to this thread : https://lists.openstreetmap.org/pipermail/imports/2011-June/000987.html
We ( the Joint Research Centre of the European Commission ) have developed a set of scripted tools to extract built - up areas , built - up density , and location of human settlements from ( very ) high resolution satellite imagery .
The result is quite reliable and our methodology has been warmly received by the remote sensing community .
Part of the methodology is described in this paper : http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/search/srchabstract.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5764726
The Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth
http://eol.jsc.nasa.gov/
Photographes taken by astronauts from International Space Station .
There is about 25 000 000 photos .
Conditions for Use
source = Image courtesy of the Image Science & Analysis Laboratory , NASA Johnson Space Center - MissionID-RollID-FrameID
US Dept. of State , International Boundaries
From the Office of the Geographer and Global Issues ( INR / GGI ) , we are free to use these international boundary lines ( attribute = 1 ) , other lines of international separation ( disputed lines ; attribute = 3 ) and other lines of separation ( attribute = 7 . )
They reflect US govt .
policy and thus not necessarily de facto control .
This data set is in the public domain ; no restrictions on its use .
The most recent edition ( December 2015 : " LSIB6 b " ) is available at http://www.data.gov/
by searching for large scale international boundaries .
The lines are produced and regularly updated by geographers at State and colleagues from other agencies based on imagery , old treaties / maps , and other sources .
For most of Europe and the U.S. , the lines are not particularly accurate ; accurate data for these areas are widely available via other sources .
This " Large Scale International Boundary ( LSIB ) " line data as well as polygons are also available at http://geocommons.com/search?model=&query=LSIB, though there may be some issues with the processing in GeoCommons .
GLIMS Glacier Database
Main page GLIMS Glacier Database
A database of glacier outlines with a global ( although incomplete ) coverage .
Hosted and maintained by the NSIDC , licensed as public domain .
Natural Earth
See their website .
SimpleGeo
A POI dataset ( 60 M , global coverage ) that was opensourced after SimpleGeo was acquired by another company .
Open Charge Map
This is a worldwide database of electric vehicle charging stations .
It is mostly open source but with some imported data from third - parties but the data is segregated .
It has about 27,000 locations currently listed .
The data is mostly community sourced and maintained .
See OCM Web Site
See Open Charge Map for further details .
Esri Community Maps AOIs
This is a worldwide dataset with vector feature data for special areas of interest ( AOIs ) that have been contributed using the Esri Community Maps Editor app .
The data that is reviewed and accepted by Esri is included in Esri basemaps and also made available to export for use in other maps .
The dataset currently includes about 150,000 features of various types , including buildings , streets , parking lots , landscape areas , and points of interest .
The data is provided under a CC BY license with explicit waiver for use in OpenStreetMap .
Selected layers ( e.g. buildings ) could be exported from the dataset and made available for use in OSM editing to save time in re-creating these features from scratch .
See Esri Community Maps AOIs for more details .
Local data
Argentina
IDERA ( Spatial Data Infrastructure of the Argentinian Republic )
Visualizator
IGN ( National Geographic Institute )
MAPEAR ( Unfree )
Nothing in the project MAPEAR should be used since their license is not compatible .
Although their maps are free as in beer they are not free as in speech .
Austria
geoland .at
geoland .at is an effort to bundle GIS data from the Bundesländer ( federal states ) .
They state [ 5 ] that usage of graphics / information within the scope of publications / websites is only permitted provided that the " © Geoland " and the source reference www.geoland.at are given .
geoimage .at
geoimage .at provides a free WMS for whole Austria since October 2010 in 1 m resolution ( for the time being , they will provide it for the duration of 2 years ) .
Details of the legal situation are still to be worked out , but employees of geoimage .
at said , that they definitely are willing to cooperate with OpenStreetMap .
Please note , that the WMS is in a special Lambert - projection and ( until now ) cannot be directly used in any editor without having changed some settings .
See WikiProject_Austria/geoimage .at for details .
Vienna
Upper Austria
Linz Open Data
Styria
The local government of Styria provides GIS data on their website [ 6 ] .
According to the website the data available for download is freely usable " frei verwendbar " ( free as in speech ) provided their copyright notice " Quelle : GIS - Steiermark " ( which would translate to : " Source : GIS - Styria " ) is preserved .
The data covers roads , rivers , cities and political territories .
It is available in EsriShape format .
Maybe the government of Styria would be willing to relicense their data under CC terms .
OpenAddresses.at
OpenAddresses.at was a crowd - based effort to collect geo-referenced address data in Austria .
It seems to no longer exist but was originally a database available for download under an open license .
An oa2osm script was created to convert the data for import .
Australia
see also Australian Data Imports and Australian Data Catalogue
ACT - GDA94 / AHD ) ( Unfree )
This only covers the ACT ( Australian Capital Territory ) , which is only a few 100 km sq .
http://www.ga.gov.au/nmd/products/digidat/100k.htm
Currency : 2005 .
Coordinates : Geographical .
Datum : Geocentric Datum of Australia ( GDA94 ) , Australian Height Datum ( AHD ) .
Format : ESRI Personal Geodatabase Version 8.3 , ESRI Shapefile , MapInfo mid/mif and ER Mapper Compressed Wavelet ( ECW ) Raster .
Medium : Online Download ( free ) or Packaged CD - ROM ( $ 99 ) .
Belgium
See WikiProject Belgium / Mapping resources .
Bolivia
GeoBolivia
Data under Open Data Commons Open Database License ( ODbL ) , although it requires citing the source ( which can be done as source=geo.gob.bo ) .
Bosnia and Herzegovina
The United States Geological Survey has made 1:50000 topographical maps of Balkan peninsula countries .
These maps are US Federal Government works and are in the public domain in the USA ( see copyright statement here : [ 7 ] ) and probably in most other countries of the world .
The maps are provided as PDF - files from The University of Texas Libraries here .
Not all maps have been scanned so far , but at least significant parts of the Former Yugoslavian countries , Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , Kosovo , Montenegro , Macedonia , Serbia and Slovenia are available ( coverage : [ 8 ] ) .
The WikiProject Croatia ( osm - hr ) project have converted the PDF - files in the slippy map format such that the maps can easily be used as backgrounds in JOSM or Potlatch 2 .
Be careful since some parts of the maps are old and might also have a significant wrong offset .
JOSM : Go to Edit , Preferences , WMS TMS .
Add a TMS - source and specify the URL : http://tms.osm-hr.org/1.0.0/all_ustopo/{zoom}/{x}/{y}.png
Potlatch 2 : Go to Background , Edit and insert the line : http://tms.osm-hr.org/1.0.0/all_ustopo/$z/$x/$y.png
Thanks to Janko for posting this information ( [ 9 ] ) , to dodobas for geocoding the PDFs , to hbogner at the Faculty of Geodesy in Zagreb and of course to the US Federal government for creating the maps !
Brazil
Suitable sources
IBGE Stated to be public domain data [ 10 ] , although it requires citing the source ( which can be done as source = IBGE )
Projeto Geominas ( dead link ) Public domain data ( citation needed ) on Minas Gerais state .
Created by the state government , includes geographical , administrative and climatic data .
Águas Paraná Created by the state of Paraná this data is allowed to use ( citation needed ) if it 's tagged with source = Águas Paraná
DNIT Confirmed to be PD by email , citation needed , source = DNIT
Uncertain sources
Other public and governmental sources - Much of the geographical and statistical data from Federal , state and municipal sources is believed to be under public domain , although no law affirms that ( see Wikipédia ) .
One possibility is to proceed on a case - by - case basis : to contact any potential sources , inform about OSM , and ask directly for a statement as to whether the data is free / open / PD .
Any other map or source available under unknown licensing terms .
Unsuitable sources
Tracksource ( tracksource.org.br - Released under CC - BY -NC -ND , therefore incompatible with OSM license due to restrictive distribution for commercial proposes as well as for derivative works .
See the bottom of TrackSource about page .
Any other map or source available under restrictive licenses .
Canada
Federal ( Open Government )
Canadian Open Government Licence has been approved as compatible with ODbL by the Licence Working Group ( LWG ) .
The different products offered under prior licences ( GeoBase , CanVec , GeoGratis , Statistic Canada , … ) are now available under the new licence .
All available products can be obtained from the Open Government Portal .
Numerous datasets are available but searching for them is very messy .
The location of these products ( http ... ) changes regularly .
Therefore , the portal is still the best place to go .
Search parameters to use in their Portalare identified below for some interesting datasets .
Select Organization : Natural Resources Canada
Search for : Building Footprints
Select Organization : Statistic Canada
Search for : Building Footprints
See The_Open_Database_of_Buildings wiki page .
Road Network
Select Organization : Statistics Canada
Search for : National Road Network
Rail Network
Select Organization : Natural Resources Canada
Search for : National Rail Network
Hydrographic Network
Select Organization : Natural Resources Canada
Search for : National Hydro Network - NHN - GeoBase Series
Topographic maps
Select Organization : Natural Resources Canada
Search for : Topographic Data of Canada - CanVec Series
The original CanVec datasets are still available in OSM format .
See the canvec wiki page for further details .
Provincial
GeoBC Data Delivery Service
GeoBC Home Page Data Download Tool
Land Information Ontario
40 datasets are available see Land Information Ontario
Regional
Region of Peel , ON
http://opendata.peelregion.ca/terms-of-use.aspx
- the region 's license is a modified version of the UK Government 's Open Government License for Public Sector
Unsure if compatible with OSM -- Kevo 18:58 , 6 October 2012 ( BST )
Regina
http://openregina.cloudapp.net/
Open Government data for the City of Regina
One user has already uploaded bus stops & routes
Other published data includes addresses ( nodes ) , communities , subdivisions , rail and pathways
City is confirming ownership of building shape data and will make it available if permitted .
Toronto
Toronto Open Data was confirmed as usable by OSM with suitable attribution on 2012 - 02 - 13 by city employee Reham Gorgis in the DataTO Google Group . [ 2 ]
-- Scruss ( talk ) 15:20 , 9 July 2013 ( UTC )
Montreal QC
The city of Montreal ( Quebec ) has a dedicated website for open data sources provided by its departments , the data is licensed under the Creative Commons CC - BY 4.0 and has an explicit permission for OSM import .
Vancouver BC
The City of Vancouver has data available .
See Canada Import Status
Nanaimo BC
The City of Nanaimo has made the data available see talk list for details
Halifax Regional Municipality
Halifax Regional Municipality Open Data Catalogue has a bunch of map data sets , released under a non-OSM compatible licence .
Active Travelways
Building Footprints
Building Types
Catchbasins
Civic Adresses
Dry Hydrants
Fire Hydrant
HRM Park Recreation Features
Intersection Points
Parks
Street Centre Lines
Trails
Winnipeg MB
Winnipeg Open data website : data.winnipeg.ca ; Open Government Licence – Winnipeg [ 11 ]
Winnipeg Transit Open Data Web Service : api.winnipegtransit.com ; Open Data Commons PDDL [ 12 ] ; Terms of Use [ 13 ]
See also Winnipeg # Open data
Airdrie AB
The City of Airdrie GIS Department has a number of datasets available under an Open Data Licence
Calgary AB
Calgary has an Open Data Portal with an Open Government Licence
Central Africa
WRI Forest Atlases
World Resources Institute has liberated data from its Forest Atlas for
Cameroon ,
Central African Republic ,
Democratic Republic of Congo ,
Equatorial Guinea ,
Gabon and
Republic of Congo
covering Conservation , Exploitation , Forest Allocation , Forest Infrastructure , Administrative Units , Habitat , Agriculture , Hydrography , Mining , Vegetation under ODbL license
Cameroon
INC
Institut National de Cartographie :
Raster data for North and Far North of Cameroon has been liberated under ODbL license .
NASPW
The National Advanced School of Public Works ( NASPW )
Has made available some data in the project GeoCameroun .
Data produced by students from 2010 to 2012 on Yaoundé .
Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC )
Congo ( Dem. Rep. ) RGC
Référentiel Géographique Commun ( http://rgc.cd/):
les données du RGC sont libres d'utilisation mais nous vous demandons de citer les sources : «
Ces données géographiques proviennent du Référentiel Géographique Commun ( www.rgc.cd) ».
see here what is done and what not : Congo - Kinshasa#RGC
China ( People 's Republic of )
Data from the PRC government are legaly exempt of copyright restrictions .
See Copyright in the PRC .
Colombia
Colombia passed an Open Data law in 2014 , and since then some cities have made some really useful stuff available .
Some of that is CC - By - SA , though , so we 'll have to get permission to use it under the ODBL .
European Union
TMC LocationTables
The national LocationCodeLists of the TMC ( Traffic Message System = traffic - jam warning via radio ) - system contain a highly simplified road - network of all the major roads and many important points in the country .
The location - codes themself are also highly useful to have in OSM for Routing - software that can receive TMC - messages and thus avoid traffic jams and other obstructions .
These lists are sometimes free to use , sometimes closed but due to the fact that they are widely distributed with all commercial navigation - systems , there may be little resistance in getting a permission to tag existing OSM - objects with their location - code or use the list to check for missing ways in our map .
European Environment Agency ( EEA )
European Environment Agency offers data for commercial reuse .
Here are potential GIS vector data to be imported :
Nationally designated areas ( CDDA )
This is about nature conservation - protected areas :
national parks
nature parks
etc .
A shapefile is provided with latest data of 2011 : CDDA_v9_polygons.zip
Via Alpina dataset on accommodation in the Alps
See https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/File:Authorisation_ViaAlpina_OSM_accomodation.png
638 accommodation places , many attributes .
Dataset in 5 languages .
Example : http://www.via-alpina.org/point/1598
The origin ( licence ) and accuracy of the location is uncertain , so better to use the attributes only .
Part of the data is already outdated , so it is advised to check first ( maybe by calling ) .
In Italy at least , the ' 0 ' ( zero ) after +39 is missing in the online phone numbers ( but GSM lines do not have zeroes ) .
( Do not hesitate to contact me or the Via Alpina international secretary for more details Mayeul 18:03 , 31 May 2012 ( BST ) )
Finland
Maastotietokanta
The National Land Survey of Finland ( NLS ) has recently ( 1 May 2012 ) opened some of its dataset under an attribution only - licence .
The amount of data available is enormous , and the local community is discussing the details .
digiroad
The Finnish Road Administration ( Tiehallinto ) maintains a database called digiroad covering all roads and streets in Finland which would contain all information OpenStreetMap needs about roads for Finland .
( Shorelines , parks , amenities , boundaries , placenames , etc would still have to be collected using traditional OSM procedures . )
The database is available for licensing relatively cheap , a few hundred euro .
Unfortunately , as far as I can see , it is not currently licensed under terms suitable for OpenStreetMap .
The English summary document says that " Data from Digiroad will be free - of - charge for public organisations for internal use and for free public services " but I could n't find anything as promising in the more recent Finnish documentation .
However , my ( naïve ? ) hope is that it will eventually be possible to convince them to " open up " the data enough for OpenStreetMap .
Clearly digiroad is not maintained and sold for profit , there are n't even any royalty fees collected from commercial users of the data .
I mailed the project coordinator asking for more information .
The coordinator had changed from that mentioned on their webpage to another person though , though , but I did eventually get a reply from her .
Basically it was quite positive , but they need time to consider this .
They also interpret current regulations as allowing them to sell ( for the very reasonable amount ) the material only to companies and institutions , not to individuals .
Also the data should be used to benefit " services for transport and logistics " ( badly translated from the vague term " liikkumisen palvelut " ) , but on the other hand , what else could it be used for ?
( Maybe the intent of this restriction is to prevent production of pure maps from the data .
That would then indeed seriously prevent importing it into OSM , I think . )
I sent more mail asking for clarifications , pointing out that the price as such is not the issue here , surely it would be possible to collect for instance 20 euros per person from a group of interested individuals , or even ask some company to " sponsor " freeing this data .
The licensing issues are the main concern .
No further replies yet .
I hacked together some code to convert the sample data available from the website [ 14 ] ( sorry , documentation in Finnish and Swedish only ) into OSM format .
See here : [ 15 ] .
Plain C. Needs shapelib and iconv( ) , otherwise no external dependencies .
Screenshot of part of sample data loaded into JOSM here : [ 16 ] .
-- Tml 09:33 , 24 September 2007 ( BST )
The Finnish page says that the licensing conditions are formed to match client requirements so it should be possible to get a good license .
Then the only problem would be their fee ( about €380 ) which mandated by law .
--LH 15:11 , 9 September 2007 ( BST )
No fee anymore for Digiroad , and data is available currently from FTP server ( need to request access still , though ) , and should be available from some " downloading service " by the end of this year .
-- Vessep ( talk ) 09:25 , 16 September 2014 ( UTC )
Download service now open here , in Finnish only -- Vessep ( talk ) 06:44 , 29 September 2014 ( UTC )
Reading the contract details , the licence gives you the right to use the data for a certain purpose for a maximum of 5 years .
After the 5 year period the copy must be returned or destroyed .
I recommend reading the example contract .
RHK
The Finnish Rail Administration possibly has exact geodata for all of the state - owned rail network .
With rail deregulation being implemented and all , they seem to be quite open , and publish lots of information on the web , including a very detailled " Network Statement " .
Alas , this document does n't include coordinates of stations etc , only the distance ( down to one metre resolution ) along the rails from the designated point of origin .
( Trivia : this point of origin is the previous Helsinki station , 159 m south of the present Helsinki Central station , and not actually accessible by rail . )
I mailed then asking if the network geodata ( and useful other information , like number of tracks and electrification ) could be made available in some suitable format and could be donated to OSM .
They did n't promise anything except that maybe in the next " Network Statement " they will include actual coordinates .
So probably it does n't make sense to wait for something that might not happen , but continue mapping rail lines as before .
They have an interactive web service that contains information for all level crossings in Finland .
For many of the crossings coordinates are included ( in the Finnish national KKJ grid , not WGS84 , but conversion formulae are well - known ) .
From this service one could semi-mechanically generate an at least partially quite accurate ( for those lines that have plenty of level crossings ) map of the rail network .
This might be interesting especially for freight - only lines where actual GPS mapping of course is hard to do ( without actually trekking along the line ) .
Data for one level crossing here : [ 17 ] .
Their reply to my mail was a bit vague but I got the impression that it should be OK to import the level crossing locations .
The location of an individual crossing is obviously not a copyrightable work , but as a collection it is covered by copyright for databases and collections .
-- Tml 08:28 , 25 October 2007 ( BST )
City of Tampere
The City of Tampere has published a number of datasets ( and plans to publish more ) under an attribution - only license which might be compatible with our license .
If it 's not , they just might relicense the data for us under ODbL if we ask nicely .
Data that might be relevant here includes bus routes , bus stop locations , hiking paths , pier locations , statistical data and zoning area boundaries .
Addendum :
This license is very similar to the MML ( NLS ) open data license , except instead of a share - alike provision , there is only an attribution provision - which may mean ( disclaimer : IANAL ) the data can be relicensed under ODbL .
— Joemppe 00:11 , 28 December 2012 ( UTC )
City of Turku
Turku has opened quite a bit of data as CC - By 4.0 with an OSM waiver .
Since OSM is otherwise reasonably good around here , but lacks lot of building address data , the address dataset is particularly interesting .
-- Ilmaisin ( talk ) 22:43 , 15 December 2019 ( UTC )
ODA
Self care and digital value services
The Finnish National Institute for Health and Welfare ( THL ) maintains a registry for all public and private social and health care providers .
The registry includes various information about the providers , such as their name and address .
Interesting is also the type of the provider , indicating if the provider is a social services or health services provider , or both .
From this information one can using geocoding create a set of locations for the registered providers , including their type .
Geocoding can be done using the Digitransit service that maintains data on OSM as well .
The registry is available on the Code Service licensed under CC BY 4.0 .
Written permission to use the data has been obtained .
THL requires an attribution on the copyright page .
Public transport ( GTFS ) data sources
There are several public transport authorities in Finland providing stop , route and timetable information as open data , usually licensed CC - BY 4.0 and in GTFS format .
France
France has its own page : Potential Datasources / France .
Germany
Germany has its own wiki page
Greece
Geodata is the official governmental site that provides open geospatial data and services for Greece , serving as a national open data catalogue , an INSPIRE - conformant Spatial Data Infrastructure , as well as a powerful foundation for enabling value added services from open data .
Athens Urban Transport Organisation ( AUTO ) has released useful information under Creative Commons License ( CC BY v.3.0 ) at http://geodata.gov.gr/en/dataset/oasa .
Data is almost up to date , but it is clearly stated in the context that data is subject to change without any warning or liability of OASA ( AUTO ) , OSY ( Road Transportation ) or STASY ( Railway Transportation ) .
Moreover " the data accuracy is limited , because digitalization has n't been based on descriptive data " .
Be aware that real bus stop positions may vary between ± 20 m .
in urban areas and more that 50 m. in suburban areas .
The files available as downloads on this site are in .XML , .shp , .gml & . KML formats .
No CSV files are available , you 'll have to convert them yourself .
The site is in Greek ( language ) so you 'll have to use a translator service to make " lat & long " of the site .
Easy enough to navigate if you know what you 're looking for , otherwise not a particularly user friendly site .
Amendment : OSM requirements are met .
Another valuable resource site hosting various databases for Greece is http://datahub.io/group/country-gr?page=1.
A wide range of data - sets are available .
Sources are varied , thus the available database file formats differ from set to set .
File formats include .
CSV , . KML , .XML , .shp , .gml & .ods .
Each database has its own license , therefore no comment can be made about OSM requirements .
The site is in English ( language ) & provides an efficient filter for various attributes .
A downloading feature is available as is a preview of the relevant file .
The original links are available which in most instances are hosted by Greek Government site mentioned earlier .
A site providing info regarding postcodes in Greece is http://www.elta.gr/en-us/findapostcode.aspx .
The interface is not very helpful , because it is mainly an address name search engine , but if you are interested for a particular known address , it can precisely give you the corresponding postcode .
The English version above accepts transliterated data ( Greeklish ) .
However , a native language version is also available at http://www.elta.gr/el-gr/εύρεσηταχκώδικα.aspx
Honduras
Administrative boundaries for Honduras are available at www.sinit.hn/index.php.
This data is public domain .
India
Indian Village Boundaries http://projects.datameet.org/indian_village_boundaries/
( All our work will be under Open Data Commons Open Database License ( ODbL ) . )
Italy
More information in the Italian page .
Agenzia del territorio
Lists containing street - names for all of the italian municipalities , grouped by province , are available for download .
For each street - name , the pertaining municipality is identified by its cadastral code ( vecchio codice catastale ) .
Check the list of italian cadastral codes for interpretation .
License need to be clarified .
Helpful for quality assurance checks .
Data might be partly outdated .
Istat
Italian Statistical Institute ( ISTAT ) has granted to OSM the use of the following data :
Administrative Borders : the shapefile provided contain the so called generalized borders , which are a simplified version of the official borders .
The version dated 2001 has already been fully imported ( more information on a dedicated page ) .
Currently a new version dated 2008 / 12/31 is available .
, which are a simplified version of the official borders .
The version dated 2001 has already been fully imported ( more information on a dedicated page ) .
Currently a new version dated 2008 / 12/31 is available .
A list of geographical coordinates of Italian localities .
Files and related information are made available by GFOSS from a dedicated page .
A list of Italian municipalities is also available for download .
Portale Cartografico Nazionale
For the whole of Italy there is a WMS server .
In 2010 use of 2 WMS - layers for OSM was explicitly permitted ( orthographic photos from 2006 for the whole of Italy and from 2008 covering only the regions Lazio and Umbria ) ( see authorization letter from the PCN ) .
The rest of the information on the PCN is not free to use for OSM as of May 2010 .
For more information and instructions how to use the aerial imagery , please visit WikiProject_Italy / PCN in Italian language .
These photos offer ( almost ) complete coverage and are much better aligned than Bing aerial , but Bing has higher resolution and is more up to date so if you want to use aerial imagery for mapping in Italy you should probably use both sources .
Post
A list of Italian postal codes is provided by the Free Software Foundation Europe .
It includes the list of street - names for major cities .
Regione Autonoma Friuli- Venezia - Giulia
All of the data created and maintained by the Regional Administration
Regione Lombardia
Regione Lombardia has its own wiki page
Regione Piemonte
The Regione Piemonte has put data from their stock online at [ 18 ]
These include a detailed DEM and the CTRN for the whole of Piemonte down to 1:10000 resolution .
Some of the data are quite old , but potentially still extremely useful ( e.g. for streams , toponyms ) .
The data are under various CC licenses .
No permission to use the data in OSM has yet been requested or given .
Regione Toscana
Over 150 layers are available through a public WMS service named Geoscopio .
More details here : Toscana#GEOscopio_WMS .
Japan
Kadena Air Base
KSJ
National - Land Information Office , a section of National and Regional Planning Bureau( NRPB ) , Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport ( MLIT ) , Japan , provides some geo data .
http://nlftp.mlit.go.jp/ksj/
Licenses – IMPORTANT : KSJ IS PROHIBITED TO USE AFTER 2015 DUE TO THEIR LICENSE CHANGE
Their terms of use is written in Japanese ; a summary in English is as follows .
2 - 3 . If you reproduce the National - Land Information or create derivative works , you must do a citation of the source ( e.g. , " 「 国土数値情報（○○データ） 国土交通省 」 " , a literal translation , National - Land Numerical Information ( XX Data ) , MLIT Japan ) .
) . 3 - 1 . You may use the National - Land Information free of charge .
4. Disclaimer .
MLIT Japan makes no warranty on your use of the National - Land Information .
Accuracy / Quality – Almost National - Land Numerical Information is based on " Map 25000 " and " Map 50000 " by Geographical Survey Institute ( GSI ) Japan .
Files are in KSJ original format and datum is Japanese Geodetic Datum 2000 ( JGD2000 ) which is based on ITRF94 and GRS80 .
This is the old data of KSJ2 and it have some type of data which KSJ2 does n't have , e.g. road , submarine cable and power line , cultural properties , etc .
KSJ2
Their license prohibit to use as business , so we can not import KSJ2 data source .
http://nlftp.mlit.go.jp/ksj/
National - Land Information Office , a section of National and Regional Planning Bureau( NRPB ) , Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport ( MLIT ) , Japan , provides some geo data .
See KSJ2 page .
ISJ
National - Land Information Office , a section of NRPB , MLIT Japan , provides place reference information in city block level for many ( not all ) municipalities .
http://nlftp.mlit.go.jp/isj/
Licenses –
Their terms of use is written in Japanese ; a summary in English is as follows .
2 - 3 . If you reproduce the place reference information or create derivative works , you must do a citation of the source ( e.g. , " 「 街区レベル位置参照情報 国土交通省 」 " , a literal translation , City Block Level Place Reference Information , MLIT Japan ) .
) . 3 - 1 . You may use the place reference information free of charge .
4. Disclaimer .
MLIT Japan makes no warranty on your use of the place reference information .
Accuracy / Quality – Place reference information is based on " Numerical Map 2500 " by Geographical Survey Institute ( GSI ) Japan .
Files are in CSV ( Comma Separated Values ) format , SHIFT - JIS encoding and datum is Japanese Geodetic Datum 2000 ( JGD2000 ) which is based on ITRF94 and GRS80 .
I guess we can use this data like CC - BY / CC - BY - SA data as imported before .
-- Tatata 10:52 , 25 February 2008 ( UTC )
Orthophoto ( MLIT Japan )
National - Land Information Office , a section of NRPB , MLIT Japan , provides aerial photography for old survey with WMS .
Web ( Japanese only )
Licenses –
Their terms of use is written in Japanese ; a summary in English is as follows .
2. Notices 3 .
If you republish the data or create derivative works , you must do a citation of the source ( e.g. , " 「 国土画像情報（オルソ化空中写真） 国土交通省 」 " , a literal translation , National Land Imaginary Information ( Orthophoto ) , MLIT Japan ) .
Recode information of the photograph's taken date , digitized date and the file name , and editors ' names as long as possible .
3. availability Anyone is allowed to use national land information by free for charge , except fees for communication , etc . Read well this term of use .
You needed to agree this term of use before you use it .
If you use this information , you are regarded to agree the term of use .
4. Disclaimer MLIT
Japan makes no warranty on your use of the place reference information .
5. Notes
This term of use could be changed without any notices .
User:ikiya confirmed to the office that we can use the aerial photography to draw our map with the following annotations [ 19 ] :
source : ja = 国土画像情報（オルソ化空中写真）国土交通省
source = MLIT Japan
The URL of WMS :
We have got another confirmation for the first and the second derivative works form the orthophotos . [ 20 ]
OpenStreetMap data directly generated from the orthophotos must show " 国土画像情報（オルソ化空中写真）国土交通省 " in the data browser of www.openstreetmap.org.
The source tag is useful for it .
Then , for the second derivative works , which means works derived form OpenStreetMap data , must show " ( C ) OpenStreetMap " and make a web link to https://www.openstreetmap.org/ .
That is the same with Our License .
Lawson
Data provided by Lawson , Japan
Open Data Catalog Shizuoka
http://open-data.pref.shizuoka.jp/
It is called " Fuji - no - kuni Open Data Catalog " which is a nickname .
The site is operated by Shizuoka prefecture , and data provided Shizuoka prefecture or cities in Shizuoka prefecture .
Licenses - CC BY 2.1 JP
Individual data is indicated to another page , Open Data Catalog Shizuoka . ( in Japanese )
Luxembourg
Luxembourgish Open Data Platform
Most data is licensed as CC0 .
Mexico
INEGI ( Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía )
On september 2014 it was officially released the Normative for Open Data published by INEGI ( Mexico ’s Equivalent of USGS +US Census Bureau , or Brazil ’s IBGE ) .
The release was published in the Official Gazette of the Federation , which is the main official government publication in Mexico .
The importance of this is that the main rules and regulations of the three branches of the federal government are published on this Gazette .
It ’s a mandate that all official government rules and regulations to be published on it , and so only through this publication that compliance of any law in Mexico becomes mandatory .
Once a law or regulation is published on this journal , ignorance of it is no longer a legal defense .
The terms of use for the information released by INEGI make that information open even for commercial use ( with only the requirement of attribution , when technically feasible ) .
This means anyone can use the geographic data released by this institute and import it to OpenStreetMap without incurring on any violation of a license , individuals and companies can use the information for any purpose as long as it follows the terms of use for open data issued by the Mexican government which means they should be released under the following terms :
Of the Open Data Attributes : I. Public .-
Are made public in accordance with the Law of the System ; II .
Free .- can be obtained without giving any consideration in exchange ; III .
Nondiscriminatory .-
The are accessible without access restriction to users ; IV .
Free use .-
Shall cite the source as the only requirement to be used freely ;
Sources :
Publication of the National Open Data law ( Spanish ) [ 21 ]
Terms of use for open data published on INEGI ’s website ( Spanish ) [ 22 ]
Official release statement ( Spanish ) : [ 23 ]
Publication of the National Geographic Information data law in the Official Gazette of the Federation : ( Spanish ) [ 24 ] [ 25 ]
Mozambique
The project " Consultancy Services for Upscaling Nature - Based Flood Protection in Mozambique ’s Cities " of the world bank , mapped about 5000 houses in the city bounderies of Quelimane , which are n't indexed / mapped jet .
The data is available as ESRI Shapefile and would need reviewing .
The license will be discussed with the world bank in the next days .
The Netherlands
See Bestaande geodata hergebruiken ( Dutch ) .
New Zealand
See New Zealand for more potential sources .
GW - Projects ( unfree )
Apparently a lot of free data is available in New Zealand .
It has been used to create a comprehensive set of Garmin maps .
Legal stuff is at the bottom of this page : http://gwprojects.orcon.net.nz/gps/TM/tmmaps.html
Norway
See Norwegian import sources .
Poland
TERYT
TERYT is official government registry of administrative division of Poland .
The public data contains names and identifiers for all voivodeships ( provinces ) , powiats ( counties ) , municipalities , places and even streets .
Licenses – public domain
Accuracy / Quality –
This is the offical list of places , but it contains no geo location data .
May be useful for quality assurance and updating is _in =* tags .
More information ( in Polish ) at WikiProject Poland / Podział administracyjny
Portugal
National Sources
Any data belonging to INE - Instituto Nacional de Estatistica and BGRI - Base Geográfica de Referenciação da Informação were contacted and are stated to be freely available for OpenStreetMap as per INSPIRE directives as stated in an email .
Good morning , my apologies for the late reply to your email .
I confirm that the geographic data set ( CGD ) for the Geographic Information Base ( BGRI ) is open data and that INE will have every interest in integrating them into the OSM database .
This CGD is harmonized with the INSPIRE directive and published in the ATOM service http://inspire.ine.pt/SU/atom/downloadservice.xml
Regional Sources
Lisboa Municipality
Open data portal from Câmara Municipal de Lisboa ( Lisbon municipality ) offers a huge amount of useful georeferenced data , including 273 datasets subject to a " Creative Commons – Public Domain " license : http://dados.cm-lisboa.pt/
http://geodados.cm-lisboa.pt
An Excel list of resources and supported formats is available here : http://dados.cm-lisboa.pt/dataset/catalogo-de-dados-lisboa-aberta
A page with guidelines to coordinate effords concerning imports from this source exists in this wiki .
Cascais Municipality
Cascais area SIG map Licence is confirmed with the town hall , there are no problems in using data from this site .
Rwanda ( Republic of )
Ministry of the Interior and for Sports Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , has published a 1:300 k raster map for whole Ruanda .
The right to use the map for OSM was granted by Hanne Hall , Referatsleiterin , Entwicklungszusammenarbeit mit dem Partnerland Ruanda , MINISTERIUM DES INNERN , FÜR SPORT UND INFRASTRUKTUR , Schillerplatz 3 - 5 , 55116 Mainz , Germany , on 20th July 2011 .
20.07.2011 08:41
Betreff : AW : Ruandakarte und openstreetmap.org
Sehr geehrter Herr Keller , vielen Dank für Ihre Anfrage .
Ich habe Ihr Anliegen von der zuständigen Abteilung unseres Hauses klären lassen .
Danach spricht nichts gegen eine Verwendung unseres Kartenmaterials durch Open Street Map . Sofern
Sie dies also veranlassen möchten , steht dem nichts im Wege .
Mit freundlichen Grüßen Im Auftrag --
Hanne Hall
Referatsleiterin
Entwicklungszusammenarbeit mit dem Partnerland Ruanda
MINISTERIUM DES INNERN , FÜR SPORT UND INFRASTRUKTUR
Schillerplatz 3 -
5
55116 Mainz
South Africa
Chief Directorate : Surveys and Mapping of South Africa
Chief Directorate : Surveys and Mapping of South Africa has 1:50 k raster maps available for the whole of South Africa , these maps are available using the South African Freedom of Information Act
The License Agreement is fairly restrictive from OSM 's point of view .
" No products may be copied or reproduced by any means , including digital , without prior permission . "
" The Licensee shall not Commercialise the Data or any product or service derived from or incorporating the Data , unless it has first obtained the written consent of the CDSM .
The CDSM may grant or refuse its consent in its absolute discretion and may grant its consent subject to any condition or conditions whatsoever . "
Recently discussed here and here .
It is uncertain if the data is completely free / libré .
Does the " Promotion of Access to Information Act " not grant this ?
Further investigation is needed .
Municipal Demarcation Board
Municipal Demarcation Board distributes shapefiles of South African provinces , districts and municipalities .
Grant Slater has received permission to use the data in OpenStreetMap .
MadMappers ( Data Dependent )
MadMappers seems to have a large amount of data covering the whole of Africa .
It may be worth contacting them .
Spain
See Spain Potential Datasources for a more up - to - date information ( in Spanish ) .
SIGPAC
One branch of the local government has a GIS - like application for controlling the rural land use , with a lot of excellent ortophotos : http://sigpac.mapa.es/fega/visor/
( Flash required )
This branch has been contacted , and they have said ( quite literally ) :
[ We ] have no problem in the images of the SIGPAC being used in [ the OpenStreetMap ] project .
IDEE
People from Madrid have already contacted the IGN ( " Instituto Geográfico Nacional " or " National Geographic Institute " ) .
They want to make data " more public " , and so have agreed to let us import some of their data .
Depending on the success and impact , we might be able to import lots of data and use the new aerial imagery ( called " PNOA " , covering the entire country at 50 cm / px ) .
Cadastrial data
Spanish Cadastre is publishing all cadastrial data as a WMS service [ 26 ] .
They say :
La Dirección General del Catastro ofrece como servicio WMS la Cartografía Catastral de forma libre y gratuita .
" The general directorate of the cadastre offers the Cadastrial Cartography as a WMS service , free ** and free * "
* as in " free beer " ** as in " freedom "
Cadastrial data can also be downloaded from the Official site as shapefiles ( cartography ) and *.CAT files ( alphanumeric information ) .
Terms of use are regulated by the Resolución de 23 de marzo de 2011 , de la Dirección General del Catastro , por la que se aprueban los criterios de acceso , formatos de entrega y condiciones de la licencia - tipo para el acceso al servicio de descarga masiva de datos y cartografía , a través de la Sede Electrónica del Catastro .
which states :
Se autoriza el uso público , incluido el comercial , de la información catastral que haya sido sometida a cualquier proceso previo de transformación ...
Public use of cadastrial data is permitted , including commercial use , if such data have been previously transformed in any way ...
According to the above statement , data from Spanish Cadastre can be imported into OSM once it has been transformed , for example from the original shapefiles -> reproyected to EPSG :4326 -> converted to *.osm format .
Spanish Cadastre has a lot of information with very high accuracy , such as buildings ( shape , use , height , number of floors , etc. ) , land use , most of streets and roads of the country , power station , trees ...
Many of this information is currently in OSM , mainly ways and roads , but a great part is missing , especially in low populated areas where a ground survey is less likely to be made .
More information about this topic can be found in Catastro España .
A long discussion has been held on Spanish mailing list , with general agreement on the usefulness of importing these data .
Orthoimaginery
The IGN publishes a lot of ( free as in " free beer " ) imaginery at [ 27 ]
Besides that , there is a list of available orthoimaginery sources at [ 28 ]
Sweden
See import and other details at WikiProject Sweden / Open data
Lantmäteriet
The official Swedish road map , terrain map and mountain map have been released under CC0 .
Valmyndigheten
The Swedish Election Authority .
They provide zip files of GIS - data with shapes .
Swedish description : Filerna är zippade och innehåller shape - filer som visar namn och id på respektive geografisk enhet .
Du måste ha speciell GIS - programvara för att se dessa filer .
Website : [ 29 ]
NVDB
Nationell vägdatabas ( National Road Database ) coordinates road information in Sweden .
Website : [ 30 ] or [ 31 ]
NVDB is a government assignment for Vägverket ( Swedish Road Administration ) .
NVDB contains a reference roadmap and additional data .
It is used by governmental and private entities .
License : CC-0
Fordonsgas ( CNG Natural Gas Fuel Stations )
Natural Gas fuel stations are published by Fordonsgas as GPS coordinates on their site
Örebro city map data
The city of Örebro offers some map data ( as GML , JSON and WMS layers ) .
License should be compatible , since it is CC - 0 .
Website : http://www.orebro.se/8760.html
Note :
You will need to change projection to make the WMS layer work with JOSM .
I was only able to get EPSG:3009 to work .
Stockholm
Open data for Stockholm stad .
License is unclear .
I have only been able to find some mentions about conforming to opendefinition.org .
Did n't say which specific license though .
Website : http://open.stockholm.se/oppna-data/geodata/
Swedish County Administrative Boards
The Swedish County Administrative Boards offer some map data ( as Shape files ) and also some metadata related to the GIS data .
Website : [ 32 ]
Havs och Vattenmyndigheten ( Ocean and water authority )
Data on public outdoor baths .
Water quality ( which is probably not relevant for OSM ) but also name , position and if it 's checked by EU standards .
" Free to use " , no claim of copyright .
Should equal CC0 according to conversation .
https://www.havochvatten.se/hav/fiske--fritid/badvatten/statistik-over-badvattenkvalitet.html
Various
There is apparently some sort of competition for innovative uses of open data sources going on this year ( 2015 ) , this site has a list ( in Swedish ) of various open data sources and their licenses :
http://hackforsweden.se/data/
Not all of them have compatible licenses , and not all of them are geographical data , but there might be some useful data in there .
Switzerland
The Swiss - specific datasources are listed on their own Wiki-page .
Taiwan
See Taiwan .
Tajikistan
Tajikistan is at the same time one of the most poorly mapped countries on OSM and a very prone - to - disasters country , thus the need to find good data sources and to improve the quality of the map .
A dedicated Wiki - page page has been setup .
So far , I have n't found any national dataset that is for sure 100 % free of copyrights .
Some potential sources are listed below , with mention of the potential problem .
Please feel free to contribute to this list :
Scanned Soviet maps : although not completely up - to - date , those maps are still widely used in the country ( mainly because there 's nothing better available ) .
The legal status is unclear ( namely : have the copyrights fallen into the public domain with the collapse of the USSR or have they been passed to the Russian Administration ?
The latter seems to be the opinion of Russian mappers ) .
See on the mailing list : [ 33 ]
Digitized 1/200000 maps : a vectorized version of the Soviet maps widely circulates in Tajikistan but the license terms are unclear ( as they are not distributed with the data itself ) .
Has anyone a crystal - clear and unambiguous proof of the licensing status of this dataset ?
Any other idea ?
United Kingdom
Local authority street naming notifications
I wrote an email to my local authority when I found out that they notify interested parties on the council 's decisions on naming and numbering new properties and streets .
For areas that have already been densely surveyed and mapped ( 90 % + ) , it would be an invaluable list of places that might need re-surveying or other editing .
I got an answer back - the council do make the information freely available on their web site , but it's in the form of a PDF file per decision , in a human readable format only , and the whole list is not easily searchable .
The information contains no geographic information other than relative references , eg .
That a new development of a house being built on the site adjacent to 47 Belmont Avenue , Barnet , Herts , EN4 shall be postally addressed : WOODVIEW HOUSE , 1A NORRYS ROAD , BARNET , HERTS , EN4 9JX .
Occasionally , whole new streets get notified .
That the access road beginning at the junction with Page Street , London , NW7 serving Copthall Leisure Centre and the surrounding properties shall be named : CHAMPIONS WAY , LONDON , NW4 / NW7 .
That the access road that starts at Champions Way and ends at the Great North Way , London , NW4 serving Copthall Stadium shall be named : GREENLANDS LANE , LONDON , NW4 .
These lists are not in a standard format among local authorities , and each local authority needs to be handled differently .
I plan on writing a web scraping script to attempt to identify the changes , and by searching the nearby street names , pinpoint them on the map , so I would have a list of streets that need editing / surveying .
Welshie 15:59 , 13 November 2006 ( UTC )
Land Registry Price Paid Data
Various facets of address - related data can be gleaned from the Land Registry Price Paid Data .
Derek Jones provides example code of an approach that can be taken to extract approximate house number positions .
Local authority data sources
Fife
Roads database Contains information like
Alburne Park ( K8 ) Glenrothes Jct Woodside Way ( C125 ) to Jct Prestonhall Drive ( K8 ) / K9 Adopted K8 B969 ( Part 01 Of 07 ) Glenrothes Southfield R/bout ( B921 ) to 50 Mph Signs North Of Southfield R/bout Adopted B969
As well as lots of other data , including for example a list of public toilets - for example a toilet in anstruther .
Also they offer a way to search for local facilities - http://www.fife.gov.uk/yourtown/index.cfm by postcode .
This data could easily be extracted automatically , but the licences mentioned on the website are unsuitable ( it 's also unclear that this data is covered ) and derivation from OS issues are also unclear .
I have not contacted them .
NaPTAN
The National Public Transport Access Nodes ( NaPTAN ) dataset contains details of some 350,000 public transport access points in Great Britain including bus stops , railway stations , tram stops and ferry terminals .
See NaPTAN for more details .
Natural England
Natural England have datasets containing boundaries of Open Access Land ( Crow Act 2000 ) , National Parks , SSSIs , National Nature Reserves , Marine Conservation Zones , and many other protected areas .
It also has data on National Trails .
On April 1st 2012 Natural England started releasing data under the Open Government Licence ( OGL ) therefore making it available for mapping in OpenStreetMap .
Read more , or view the wiki entry .
FHRS
The Food Standards Agency produces machine readable versions of the Food Hygiene Rating System data .
This ranks restaurants and businesses that sell or serve food or drink with a rating from 1 to 5 .
See UK Food Hygiene Rating System for details .
Open Addresses UK
Open Addresses UK is a UK government funded project by the Open Data institute to create an addresses dataset which is open licensed ( free of the license complications of PAF and other royal mail / O.S. mess )
Transport Scotland
High Loads Grid is a potential source of route relations - no explicit licence , so needs someone to contact .
Passenger Technology Group
Passenger Technology Group is a service provider for public transport networks , they release data under the network 's brand , and licence it as Open Government License Version 3.0 .
OGL requires attribution , so please ensure the data provider is mentioned in Contributors .
Blackpool Transport
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Bluestar
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Borders Bus
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Brighton and Hove Bus
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Cardiff Bus
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Courtney Buses
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Morebus
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Nottingham City Transport
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Reading Buses
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Southern Vectis
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Swindon 's Bus Company
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
UNIBUS
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Unilink
Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Yellow Buses
Open Data includes bus stop names , and locations ( linked to Key:naptan : AtcoCode ) , stop times and routes .
Uruguay
The municipality of Montevideo approved a rule [ 34 ] making all the data of that municipality ( except the one that has privacy or security issues ) public and free of copyright .
In particular GIS data from the municipality of Montevideo is now available from its site [ 35 ] .
U.S .
Check metadata for each shape file obtained from government sources , and search for " Use_Constraints : " or similar to help determine usability of data with OpenStreetMap .
Many will list this as " None " and should be fine to use , but others from the same page will have varying constraints .
When there is any doubt , ask the contact listed in the metadata for permision , and check with the Legal Talk mailing list .
-- Dalep 04:36 , 2 September 2008 ( UTC )
National
TIGER
More detail on the TIGER page
The Tiger road data is imported .
The U.S. Census Bureau 's TIGER geographic database covers the United States ( including Puerto Rico ) .
The data is available from the Census Bureau as TIGER / Line files in ASCII text format - http://www.census.gov/geo/www/tiger/.
ESRI shapefiles of the TIGER data is available at http://www.esri.com/data/download/census2000_tigerline/index.html .
The TIGER data are in the public domain - http://www.census.gov/cgi-bin/geo/tigerfaq?Q11 .
USFWS is a bureau of the federal government operated by the US Department of the Interior .
USFWS makes cadastral data available at the USFWS Geospatial Services site .
Refuges are accessible to the public for activities such as boating , hiking , hunting and fishing , so they are very relevant to OSM .
Many national forests have GIS data available for download .
A statement from region 6 ( Pacific NW ) http://www.fs.fed.us/r6/data-library/gis/disclaimers.shtml says that the data are public domain .
Unfortunately each forest seems have their own index of data and data organization .
There are some files very relevant to OSM ( trails ; recreation points listing campsites , docks etc ) and some not so useful to the normal OSM reader ( owl and fish habitats ) .
The National Park Service has a data clearinghouse often with trails ( some historic paths ) rivers , roads and often with very high resolution orthophotos .
USGS
The USGS has a centralized database ( http://seamless.usgs.gov ) that contains many data sets , several that would be of use to OSM , including very detailed surface water data sets ( rivers , streams , lakes , tiny ponds ) , dams , federal lands .
The data are in the public domain ( http://seamless.usgs.gov/faq/general_faq.php#six ) .
However , they do request attribution of data to USGS , so it may require a followup to use in OSM .
National Hydrography Dataset
Part of the USGS Data , the National Hydrography Dataset contains detailed information on nearly all waterways and bodies in the United States
The GAP Analysis Program
Also a project of the USGS , the The GAP Analysis Program was conducted state by state initially and most recently on a regional basis .
Relevant data includes landuse / landcover and stewardship / conservation lands , which includes military and DOD lands , and state / federal / local lands preserved for conservation purposes .
DOT homepage links for all 50 states .
Check each for the GIS department , and statewide downloadable data .
U.S. Energy Information Administration
Contains lots of data on US infrastructure .
All data is public domain .
( Shapefiles )
FAA Digital Obstacle File ( DOF )
The FAA Digital Obstacle File contains coordinates and elevations , as well as some meta data for aviation obstacles in the united states .
It is distributed from the DAICD .
I believe that the data is public domain but the CD is sold as a subscription ; someone like myself who has the CD could theoretically import the data into OSM without violating copyright .
( TODO : double - check IP status . )
Update : As of April 2015 , the file is available online at [ 36 ] .
The DOF would be a useful way to populate the map with aviation - chart - related items , particularly ones that can also serve as landmarks : smoke stacks , antennas , etc .
FAA National Flight Data Center ( NFDC )
Much aviation data is maintained at nfdc.faa.gov .
CLUI - Centre for landuse interpretation
http://www.clui.org/clui_4_1/index.html
Information identifying weird landuses spotted in aerial imagery throughout the U.S. Non-profit organisation .
No copyright information on their website .
Did n't contact them ( yet ) .
Maps ( approx landuse pinpointing ) on the site uses google maps .
May be use - able for vague identification purposes .
National Agricultural Imaging Project
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/apfoapp?area=home&subject=prog&topic=nai
Decent aerial imagery .
List of WMS servers
Mines
Adding the list of mines and quarries in the USA from here :
Note , I have started the process to import this data , but I accidently overwrote the names with josm .
Now I am working on modifying the names .
https://www.openstreetmap.org/browse/changeset/3345627
Keywords : EPA , Brownfields , Assessment Grant , Hazardous Substance , Property Redevelopment , public health , environment , federal data download , regulated sites , hazardous , contaminated , polluted , federal datasets , Land Revitalization , land redevelopment , land reuse , real property , hazardous substance , kmz , xml , Shapefile
Next Generation Radar ( NEXRAD ) Locations
http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/nexradinv/
Next Generation Radar ( NEXRAD ) Locations
http://www.data.gov/details/4
This geospatial rendering of weather radar sites gives access to an historical archive of Terminal Doppler Weather Radar data and is used primarily for research purposes .
The archived data includes base data and derived products of the National Weather Service ( NWS ) Weather Surveillance Radar 88 Doppler ( WSR - 88D ) next generation ( NEXRAD ) weather radar .
Weather radar detects the three meteorological base data quantities : reflectivity , mean radial velocity , and spectrum width .
From these quantities , computer processing generates numerous meteorological analysis products for forecasts , archiving and dissemination .
There are 159 operational NEXRAD radar systems deployed throughout the United States and at selected overseas locations .
At the Radar Operations Center ( ROC ) in Norman OK , personnel from the NWS , Air Force , Navy , and FAA use this distributed weather radar system to collect the data needed to warn of impending severe weather and possible flash floods ; support air traffic safety and assist in the management of air traffic flow control ; facilitate resource protection at military bases ; and optimize the management of water , agriculture , forest , and snow removal .
This data set is jointly owned by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , Federal Aviation Administration , and Department of Defense
Processing :
Unzip .
Replace wsr with Placemark .
gps babel .
Added these tags :
https://www.openstreetmap.org/browse/changeset/3350339
EPA Geospatial Data Download : Facility and Site Information
Contains information about facilities or sites subject to environmental regulation , including key facility information along with associated environmental interests for use in mapping and reporting applications .
Keywords : FRS , EPA , CERCLIS , NEPT , NPDES , PCS , RCRA , RCRAInfo , Superfund , NPL , TRI , regulated sites , toxic release , major discharges , brownfields , federal data download , national priorities list , public health , environment , federal datasets , kmz , xml , shapefile , sites , facilities
See here for the full record : EPAGeospatial
National Atlas Raw Data Download Site
This site contains a huge amount of data possibly useful to OSM .
Place names , political boundaries , hydrology , etc .
Most data is USGS collected and is public domain , however the site " Web Policies " page states that copyright must be inspected for each data set .
Note : Many of the shapefiles on nationalatlas.gov , particularly fedlanp020.shp and its derivatives , are horribly inaccurate ( the resolution is low ) .
Please avoid importing any more of it onto OSM !
Users have found boundaries as much as a mile off from their true location .
See this diary post .
Wilderness.net
Wilderness.net gathers US Designated Wilderness area definitions from the US Forest Service , Fish and Game , National Park Service and Bureau of Land Management into a single data set available for free download as Shapefile or KML .
Wilderness.net webmaster Lisa Eidson has been contacted and confirmed that all Wilderness data available on Wilderness .
net is public domain .
National Transportation Atlas Database
The NTAD maintains various datasets associated with transportation in the US .
HPMS / ARNOLD
The FHWA provides the ARNOLD ( All Roads Network Of Linear referenced Data ) data under the HPMS ( Highway Performance Monitoring System ) ; see here .
NOAA ENC wreck and AWOIS database
The NOAA Office of Coast Survey maintains a database of wrecks and underwater obstructions . [ 37 ]
The data itself is useful for a nautical chart like in the OpenSeaMap project .
After confirming with NOAA via email , the data is indeed in the public domain and therefore can be imported into OSM .
Microsoft has footprint data for 9.8 million buildings in 44 states , concentrating on metropolitan areas .
The data is released with an ODbL license https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/.
The Microsoft Building Imports page has more details .
Microsoft Building Footprint Data
North Country Trail
Alabama
Mobile , Al .
City of Mobile All layers
Alaska
Alaska DOT downloads .
Alaska Geospatioal clearinghouse
Has limited availability by time of day .
Arizona
City of Flagstaff
Flagstaff has an open data website that includes building footprints and address points .
The data is open and the City has given explicit permission to use in OSM .
Arkansas
Situs Address Points on Geostor The Situs Address Points have been confirmed by AGIO to be public domain data .
California
CalFire has a set of landcover layers that can be imported .
The website says they may be distributed in any manner but a credit must be given .
See California_Land_Cover .
http://gis.ca.gov/BrowseCatalog.epl has state park info and more
California has a master list of all parks on all levels - federal , state , county and city http://www.calands.org.
We still need to get permission from GreenInfo to import data .
To see the counties that have granted OSM permission to use their data , go to California / Import .
County of Los Angeles
Los Angeles County provides countywide building outlines in public domain ; data was collected from 2006 - 2008 .
More recent data exists , but has not been publicly released .
City of San Jose
San Jose provides a wide variety of datasets which includes building footprints , parcels , address points , streets , sanitary and storm systems among others .
City of Berkeley
Berkeley provides a citywide dataset of building roof prints .
This data was collected in 2006 .
City of Fremont
Fremont has open dataset of building footprints that covers the entire city area .
Orange County
Orange County publishes various open datasets , including building footprints with addresses , which are available to download from ArcGIS Open Data site .
The data is provided under a CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication .
City of Redlands
Redlands has an open data website that includes building footprints and address points .
The data is open and the City has given explicit permission to use in OSM .
City of Riverside
Riverside has created and shared a building footprints with addresses data set based on Microsoft Buildings and buildings data from the City , which has been shared with the Esri Community Maps Program and published in ArcGIS Online .
The data is provided under the Open Database License ( ODbL ) .
San Diego County
SanGIS publishes various open datasets on the SanGIS Regional Data Warehouse site , including building footprint and address points , which are available to download .
The data is provided under a custom , open data license , but SanGIS has given written permission to use in OSM .
Colorado
This section have been moved to the OSM Colorado wiki page .
Connecticut
Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection ( DEEP ) has numerous data sets available at its GIS DATA portal .
Of particular interest is its database of DEEP property , which includes the state forests , the state parks , and numerous other categories of public - access land .
District of Columbia
DC GIS Main page .
The GIS Data Clearinghouse / Catalog link contains hundreds of data layers .
Permission : DC_Buildings_&_Addresses_Import/Permission
See : DC_Buildings_&_Addresses_Import
Florida
Florida Department of Transportation GIS data in shape format .
Web site , and direct FTP Everything provided by the FDOT GIS is in public domain , this has been verified by e-mail .
Aerial photography is also available upon request from FDOT 's Surveying & Mapping Office .
The images , provided in MrSID format , are much higher quality than Yahoo's aerials and are released in the public domain , verified by email .
The entire state is covered , with most counties photographed as recently as 2008 , but check their coverage map to find out for specific counties .
Unfortunately , the common OSM editing tools do n't support MrSID , but with some effort , the files can be converted and served through a standard WMS .
A site for tracking down other sources of data in Florida is FindGIS , a blog / site that is pursuing Florida government agencies to release their GIS data as required .
As well as list where that data can be found .
Not all is free , or released as Public Domain .
See each site individually .
NOTE about http://www.cfgis.org/
Careful reading suggests they are claiming copyright ( and limiting distribution ) on behalf of the data sources they have in the Clearinghouse even for sources that are / should be public domain .
Further inquires should be made before using anything downloaded from here , or check the original source .
Counties listed below for more detailed information layers , better accuracy and up to date roads .
Just be careful of the datum for the county data .
Broward County
Broward County GIS Data
Fort Lauderdale , Fl .
City of Fort Lauderdale GIS downloads
Leon County
[ 38 ] GIS downloads with shapefiles at [ 39 ]
Nothing restrictive about license listed on the website except , " In respect for the privacy of property owners entitled to confidentiality , user will refresh all data obtained from this database on a monthly basis . "
This could prove to be rather problematic .
Orange County
Orange County GIS
Should be in public domain , but not verified yet .
Seminole County
Seminole county GIS Lots of Shape layers , and even aerial data 1940 - present , but not all geotagged .
Should be in public domain , but not verified yet .
City of Tampa
Tampa publishes various open datasets , including building footprints with addresses , which are available to download from ArcGIS Open Data site .
The data is provided under a CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication .
Volusia County
Volusia County GIS
Should be in public domain , but not verified yet .
Georgia
Georgia GIS Clearinghouse
Some potential data sources are listed on the Georgia page and the Atlanta page .
Info that has been imported include :
Trails from the Chattahoochee - Oconee National Forest
Statewide landuse data from the USGS Landuse / Landcover dataset
Some basins from the National Hydrography Dataset
Landuse data from LandPro08 ( import in progress )
Specifically in the city of Athens , GA the Athens - Clarke County Government has data on many different features through their Open Data portal .
This includes data related to :
County Government ( related to everyday government activites )
Environment ( natural environment data in Athens )
Historic ( historic site and area data in Athens )
Transportation ( transportation data in Athens )
Zoning and Boundaries
And More
City of Johns Creek
Johns Creek publishes various open datasets , including building structures and address points , which are available to download from Johns Creek Open Data Hub .
The data is provided under a CC BY license , but the City GIS team has expressed a desire to see the data added to OpenStreetMap and will likely be happy to share with explicit permission for use in OSM .
Hawaii
Hawaii Statewide GIS Program
The Hawaii GIS Program has a very large collection of GIS data .
No license information is mentioned on the website , but the GIS data is all in the public domain , as verified in a personal conversation with a manager in the GIS department .
The road data is probably not particularly relevant , since TIGER road data has already been imported .
But this source includes data that would be very difficult or impossible to get any other way , such as streams and coral reefs .
Idaho
Boise
The City of Boise has a website dedicated to open data .
Notably , it contains addresses for the entire city as well as fire hydrants .
The fire hydrants could be imported with little issue as there are no existing fire hydrant nodes to check against .
There are 9,237 hydrants in the dataset , meaning it could be uploaded in one changeset .
As for the addresses , this would require much more manual review , but it would add a significant amount of useful data .
The front page specifies that the data are Open , Public , and Free to Use .
Illinois
Illinois DOT
Chicago
CDOT The Chicago Department of Transportation .
[ 40 ] Provides Bikway / parking / shop public data in the chicago area .
McHenry County
McHenry County GIS Map
Map Data Sources
McLean County
McLean County GIS
Consortium : the datasets are under CC - BY 4.0 but one could ask them if they would be willing to waive the incompatible terms or dual license them under ODbL. link .
Indiana
Indiana Map Statewide Orthophotography ( 2005 )
The IndianaMap project has produced this imagery " public domain and provided with no restrictions on data distribution .
Please provide credit for these data to the IndianaMap Framework Data . "
Local Datasets ( Counties , various dates ) these datasets are public domain without use constraints
Iowa
Iowa DNR " The NRGIS Library is public information , and offered freely to encourage the wise utilization of Iowa 's natural resources . " from the about page .
Iowa DOT Maps
" The mission of Transportation Data is to gather , maintain , analyze , and distribute transportation related information .
This information includes roadway , structure , and rail - crossing data , traffic statistics , and intelligent map products that support the economic , environmental , and social vitality of Iowa . "
I contacted the Iowa DOT and they said , " The Iowa Transportation Map has copyright restrictions .
The city and county maps are in the public domain . "
-- Carl Simonson 15:16 , 6 December 2012 ( UTC )
Polk County
Polk County GIS Data
Kentucky
The Kentucky Geoportal - Licensing seems open but vague [ 41 ] - GIS data available for download
Lexington
Open Data Portal - Terms of use here [ 42 ] -
All county GIS data online in bulk
Louisville
Open Data Portal -
Has some of the county 's GIS data , more coming - Open Data Policy [ 43 ] - " Data available through Louisville ’s Open Data Portal is offered free and without restriction . "
Madison County
Madison County publishes various open datasets , including address points , which are available to download from ArcGIS Open Data site .
The data is provided under the Open Database License ( ODbL ) .
Louisiana
City of New Orleans
data.nola.gov has a number of shapefiles available which are explicitly licensed as CC0 .
Maine
The MEGIS Data Catalog includes shapefiles for a variety of datasets relevant to Maine .
Maine GeoLibrary has additional datasets that are relevant to Maine .
Governing copyright laws :
Maryland
City of Salisbury , Maryland
Wicomico County City of Salisbury
The joint City of Salisbury / Wicomico County GIS group maintains detailed and accurate GIS data that is , through personal conversation with both City and County GIS coordinators , public domain .
Efforts are being made to make this data publicly available through venues such as Open Street Map and internally hosted public web maps .
Uploaded data includes the most recent , up - to - date City administrative boundary , building footprints , and more extensive coverage of hydrology data for the majority of the Wicomico County / City of Salisbury metrocore area .
Prince George 's County , Maryland
Prince George 's County maintains an OpenData portal for GIS which launched July 1 , 2015 which contains 200 + datasets including : building shapefiles , points of interest by category type , hydro structures , contour lines , and other features for the entire county in Maryland .
Use Constraints : Creative Commons Attribution https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/.
You can copy , modify , distribute , and perform analysis on the data , even for commercial purposes , all without asking permission , but please provide attribution to the Prince George 's County Planning Department .
The Planning Department makes no warranties about the data , and disclaims liability for all uses of the data , to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law .
Attribution required : Data retrieved from Planning Department GIS Open Data http://www.pgplanning.org
Massachusetts
MassGIS main download page .
The import Catalog lists this as imported with a massgis_import_* tag .
Which layers were imported ?
See MassGIS for the trail of breadcrumbs .
Several layers imported , including roads , points of interest , building outines in Boston , and OpenSpace ( 2009-01-04 ) , by CRSchmidt .
City of Boston
Boston publishes various open datasets , including addresss points , which are available to download from ArcGIS Open Data site .
The data is provided under ODC Public Domain Dedication and License ( PDDL ) .
Michigan
MDOT All Roads consists of all roads from the Michigan Geographic Framework ( MGF ) base map .
consists of all roads from the Michigan Geographic Framework ( MGF ) base map .
MDOT Bridge Connections provides information about the bridge connection layer which is an inventory of the bridge signs installed on MDOT bridges , railroad bridges and local bridges within Michigan Department of Transportation ’s jurisdiction .
provides information about the bridge connection layer which is an inventory of the bridge signs installed on MDOT bridges , railroad bridges and local bridges within Michigan Department of Transportation ’s jurisdiction .
MDOT Five Year Transportation Program provides an annual document listing roads and bridge projects planned for the next five years .
After being presented to the State Transportation Commission ’s and gets its approval , the document is posted on MDOT ’s Web site .
provides an annual document listing roads and bridge projects planned for the next five years .
After being presented to the State Transportation Commission ’s and gets its approval , the document is posted on MDOT ’s Web site .
MDOT Lane Mile Inventory consists of a GPS assisted windshield survey data collection of the number of lanes on any given segment of Michigan state highway .
consists of a GPS assisted windshield survey data collection of the number of lanes on any given segment of Michigan state highway .
MDOT Mile Markers has information about mile marker location along Michigan ’s highways .
The dataset includes descriptive information such as latitude and longitude , route name , region , TSC , county , control section number , physical reference ( PR ) , number , PR mile point and mile number .
has information about mile marker location along Michigan ’s highways .
The dataset includes descriptive information such as latitude and longitude , route name , region , TSC , county , control section number , physical reference ( PR ) , number , PR mile point and mile number .
Pavement Condition : SEMCOG ( Southeast Michigan Council of Governments ) open data provides road condition data which is collected annually from late Spring to late Fall using RoadSoft .
They also provide a dataset with roads extracted from version 16 of the Michigan Geographic Framework .
The data can be downloaded from this page .
: SEMCOG ( Southeast Michigan Council of Governments ) open data provides road condition data which is collected annually from late Spring to late Fall using RoadSoft .
They also provide a dataset with roads extracted from version 16 of the Michigan Geographic Framework .
The data can be downloaded from this page .
Michgian DNR : The Michigan Department of Natural Resources maintains an open data portal at MI DNR Open Data .
It contains a variety of points including camping sites , trails , DNR stations and addresses , among other datasets .
Detroit , Michigan
Traffic Signals is a dataset with the location of all traffic signals in Detroit .
The page contains the location of all traffic signs in Detroit .
Minnesota
Minnesota Basemap WMS Services
MnGEO offers WMS services that are useful for basemap layers .
The services include state - wide and metro imagery with resolutions of a meter or less .
The services are available in geographic or UTM Zone15N spatial reference systems .
More info at : http://www.mngeo.state.mn.us/chouse/wms/wms_image_server_description.html
Minnesota DOT GIS Data
The Minnesota Department of Transportation releases 1:24000 scale GIS data files .
From the site : " The data set includes information about transportation features ( roads , railroads and navigable waters ) , as well as boundary information ( State , County , and Municipal Boundaries , Mn/ DOT District Boundaries , Civil , and Congressional Townships , State Forests and Parks , Military Reservations , Indian Reservation Lands , National Forests and Parks ) , and stream and lake locations . "
The files are " free of charge " from the MNDOT website : http://www.dot.state.mn.us/maps/gisbase/html/datafiles.html b
Fixed Gear 101
by Greg Goode
This is a set of introductory lessons on handling your first fixed - gear bike .
No matter what style you ride , track , street , or offroad , these pointers will help .
These instructions unavoidably display the New York City background of my fixed - gear riding .
NYC has its own fixed - gear bicycle culture .
Messengers dart through Manhattan on their brakeless street - fixes , national - level track racers compete at Kissena Velodrome in Queens , road racers crank up their cadence on fixed training rides off season , and " Old Skool " track riders cruise the streets and gather in Central Park to muse about the beauties of their sport .
The cycling culture in other locales will differ , but I hope you 'll find the basic techniques helpful no matter where you ride .
Part One-- Safety Measures
Part Two -- Equipment
Part Three -- Riding the Underside of the Pedals
Part Four -- The Handlebar Mount
Part Five -- The Handlebar Dismount
Part Six -- Kicking In
Part Seven -- Pedaling Technique
Part Eight -- Riding Downhill
Part Nine -- Slowing and Stopping !
Part Ten -- Balance Drills
Part Eleven -- Trackstands
Part Twelve -- Emergency Stops
Tips and Links
A replica of the Ishtar Gate at the entrance to Babylon 's ruins American troops and contractors caused substantial damage to the archaelogical site at Babylon in Iraq after the 2003 invasion , a new UN report says .
The report says key structures were harmed and the site was subjected to " digging , cutting and levelling " .
But UN cultural officials stress the damage did not begin when the Americans arrived , or end when they left .
The US says looting while Babylon was under their control would have been worse had they not been there at all .
The new report was issued on Thursday in Paris by the UN 's cultural agency , Unesco .
It comes after five years of investigations by Iraqi and international academics , some of whom have previously been critical of damage caused when US troops were based at Babylon in 2003 and 2004 .
The 4,000 - year - old city south of Baghdad was once home to the Hanging Gardens of Babylon , one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
The Unesco report says troops and contractors dug long trenches through the ancient ruins , bulldozed hilltops and drove heavy vehicles over the fragile paving of pathways which were once held sacred .
Experts say that , among the most famous structures harmed , were the city 's Ishtar Gate and a main processional street .
Saddam Hussein's new palace walls in the processional street Archaeologist John Curtis , of the British Museum - who has visited Babylon , said : " There has indeed been a considerable amount of damage . "
He said dragon carvings from the Ishtar Gate seemed to have been vandalised by looters while the area was under the control of American forces .
Many of Babylon 's famous artifacts were plundered by European archaelogists during the 19th century and are on display at some of the world 's best - known museums .
Looting and trading on the black market have continued since the site was handed back to Iraqi control in late 2004 , Unesco says .
The organisation has pledged to move towards naming Babylon a World Heritage Site - though officials say the extent of the damage means it is too early to assess how much restoration and protection work will cost .
Unesco previously declined to list Babylon as a World Heritage Site on the grounds that restoration and rebuilding work carried out there under the regime of the former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein had badly distorted the original ruins .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hey !
Ever wonder how the percentages of conservatives vs. liberals breaks down on other less - than - purely - political subjects ?
Let ’s see …
According to Gallup as of 2008 , 76 % of democrats believe that the effects of global warming have already begun .
Only 41 % of the republicans take that same view .
But what about other stuff ?
The following is from Fox News :
Democrats are more likely than Republicans to say they believe in reincarnation ( by 14 percentage points ) , in astrology ( by 14 points ) , in ghosts ( by eight points ) and UFOs ( by five points ) .
Hmmm …
And then there ’s this about the CIA lying to Pelosi …
The Rasmussen Reports survey reports that 62 percent of Democrats believe Pelosi ’s account .
In contrast , the same number — 62 percent — of Republicans believe the California Democrat is not telling the full truth .
Would anyone like to buy a bridge ?
That ’s like me as a conservative saying , “ Yes , I believe ‘ No new taxes ! ' ”
And the beat goes on …
The poll found that a majority of young adults give at least some credence to a 9/11 conspiracy compared to less than a fourth of people 65 or older .
Members of racial and ethnic minorities , people with only a high school education and Democrats were especially likely to suspect federal involvement in 9/11 .
But this is where we ’re at , folks .
This is who elected Obama .
More likely than not , this is your neighbor .
Good luck .
Alan Speakman
Like this post ?
Share it !
Email
Tweet
Related
Last June , we told you about one of the strangest essay contests we 've heard of yet .
BioArts International , the California - based company known for selling the cloned copies of the dogs of deep - pocketed owners , famously cloned a much - loved Labrador retriever named Lancelot for the low , low price of $ 155,000 .
( The cloned puppy was dubbed " Lancelot Encore , " and his human family , Edgar and Nina Otto , could afford it -- Edgar is the son of one of the founders of NASCAR . )
But not everyone can afford that price tag , and so BioArts announced its Golden Clone Giveaway , through which one winner would be chosen to have their dog cloned free of charge .
The contest winner , it turns out , is James Symington , a retired Canadian police officer who now lives in Los Angeles .
Symington wrote movingly about his dog Trakr , a German shepherd who participated in search - and - rescue efforts at the World Trade Center in the aftermath of 9/11 .
( Symington and Trakr eventually located the last survivor found after the attacks . )
" Once in a lifetime , a dog comes along that not only captures the hearts of all he touches but also plays a pivotal role in history , " began Symington 's essay about Trakr , who died at age 16 in April .
In the years before his death , the dog had lost the use of his rear legs due to a degenerative neurological disorder that some experts believe was related to exposure to toxic smoke at Ground Zero .
Trakr 's story " blew us away , " BioArts CEO Lou Hawthorne said of the contest 's selection process .
" His many remarkable capabilities were proven beyond all doubt in our nation 's darkest hour -- and we view the work of cloning him as a great honor . "
A few days ago , Symington was presented with five cloned mini-Trakrs .
Comment and Opinion
Joseph Mercola
This site won the Anus Maximus Award in the 2006 Millenium Awards .
This was the citation :
One of the headlines on Joe Mercola 's alternative medicine web site when these awards were being judged said " Red Hot Chili Peppers May Cure Type 1 Diabetes "
It was followed by the words " A breakthrough discovery could lead to a natural cure for a disease previously thought to be incurable . ... " .
The link led to a page on the Mercola site with the same heading where Mercola reported on a study of mice where injection of capsaicin ( or a related peptide ) into the pancreases of specially - bred mice resulted in temporary reversal or inhibition of some of the precursors of diabetes .
Please note that these mice are designed to get diabetes , they did not consume " red hot chilli peppers " in any form whatsoever , and they were mice , not humans .
The research was not looking for a cure for diabetes by injecting a chemical derived from capsaicin - the objective was to examine the role of certain pain - detecting pancreatic cells in the development of diabetes .
In Mercola 's comments he starts off by saying " Nearly 75 million Americans have diabetes or pre-diabetes , and while only 5 percent have the Type I version , its supposed incurability makes it by far the more challenging form of the illness .
So this new research is potentially great news for Type I diabetics .
Type 2 diabetes , of course , is already virtually 100 percent curable with natural methods frequently described on my site " .
It goes without saying that there are no methods described on the site which provide a " virtual 100 percent " cure for diabetes .
He then goes on to suggest that the discovery of capsaicin and its action on pancreatic pain cells will not be good news for the pharmaceutical companies , using the words " However , the good news is that this may end up having nothing to do with the drug companies .
Seems like once the protocol is worked out , it may be something the average lay person will be able to implement " .
Yes , that 's right - the average person will be able to extract a peptide from peppers and inject it into his own pancreas .
Oh , by the way , capsaicin " can also be useful for preventing and treating cancer " .
Of course it can .
It 's natural .
You might think that I am biased against Mercola just because he tells lies about diabetes cures , but let 's look at his " causes " of autism .
Pasteurised milk - http://www.mercola.com/2003/jul/2/pasteurized_milk.htm
Fluoride - http://www.mercola.com/2001/jul/25/tooth_decay.htm
( when consumed by pregnant women )
Aluminium - http://www.mercola.com/2006/apr/11/there_are_more_toxins_in_vaccines_than_mercury.htm
Mercury ( of course ) - http://www.mercola.com/2004/nov/3/mercury_vaccines_medicine.htm
MMR ( of course ) - http://www.mercola.com/2001/jan/28/mmr_autism.htm
Malnutrition - http://www.mercola.com/2004/jun/26/autism_malnutrition.htm
Lactose - http://www.mercola.com/2004/jun/26/autism_malnutrition.htm
( it goes with the malnutrition )
Glutamine - http://www.mercola.com/2004/may/1/glutamine.htm
( makes autism worse )
" An excess of grains , sugars , underground vegetables , and any fluid other than water " in the diet - http://www.mercola.com/2000/may/21/ritalin_prozac_adhd.htm
( Mercola lies about achieving " near miraculous improvement " by following his advice . )
I could go on , but what 's the point ?
Mercola is prepared to push any form of lie , nonsense or quackery if it can help him to sell things .
At least he 's consistent about something .
Autism !
Solved !
( 4/1/2005 )
Everyone will be pleased to know that the cause of autism has been positively identified .
The definitive answer was published on Dr Joseph Mercola 's web site , and therefore , according to proponents of alternative medicine , it must be true .
A close associate of God has spoken .
And what is this amazing news , you ask .
It is that autism is caused by drinking pasteurised milk .
Just in case you missed that , autism is caused by drinking pasteurised milk .
I announced the good news to an alternative medicine forum in the following words :
Mercola says Wakefield , Haley and others are wrong !
Dr Joseph Mercola , the man who cannot be wrong , has declared , by implication , that leaky - gut believers like Dr Andrew Wakefield and mercury - does - everything researchers like Professor Boyd Haley are wrong .
It seems that autism is caused by drinking pasteurised milk .
Responses from Drs Wakefield and Haley about this demolition of their positions are expected shortly .
Both are expected to apologise for misleading people all this time .
Well , Dr Wakefield might apologise , but we all know Dr Haley 's record for this sort of thing .
News at http://www.mercola.com/2003/jul/2/pasteurized_milk.htm
The first response I received was to point me to another page on Mercola 's web site where he said that autism was caused by mercury in vaccines , but I did n't accept that as a rebuttal because all it told me was that Mercola is an opportunistic hypocrite and I knew that already .
The next response ( from a Boyd Haley disciple ) was to accuse me of lying because nowhere in the referenced URL are the names Wakefield or Haley mentioned , and therefore Mercola could not be disagreeing with them .
When I explained , slowly and using short words , that contradicting someone is disagreeing with that person even if no names are mentioned , I was told " When you state what others said , you best use their own words , not your so called * deductive reasoning * " .
Sometimes even I am amazed at my patience , but this is a perfect example of why people believe nonsense .
It is because sometimes they simply can't understand the difference between sense and nonsense .
Speaking of chicken pox ... ( 11/2/2012 )
I was looking at a Facebook page for an organisation committed to providing better health to people and the advertisement at the right appeared .
Joe Mercola is an opportunistic quackery salesman who has never seen a disease he can't make money out of by offering a cure .
Sometimes he even offers a range of mutually exclusive treatments , but that does n't bother him as long as there is money to be made .
He won the Anus Maximus Award in 2006 for his nine causes of autism , some of them known only to him ( pasteurised milk ? ) but all with a tailored cure .
Every time I think that I have seen the lowest point that filth like Mercola can attain I am reminded that perhaps there is n't a bottom .
Perhaps it goes down as far as the edge of the universe .
Some more good news .
Maybe . ( 27/7/2019 )
This popped up on Twitter :
I 'm sure this decision has nothing to do with Facebook 's stated intention of removing anti-vaccination and medical quackery pages .
Just a coincidence , surely .
Of course , as Mercola can't open his mouth without a lie coming out , nobody should believe this until his Facebook presence disappears .
Also of course , his wife would probably still be around with her own brand of madness and mendacity to act as a proxy .
Digby points out the obvious class system that 's firmly in place for health care .
There are so many exceptions , so much denial of care , we really should start calling it " KatrinaCare . " ( h/t DCBlogger )
Other countries have systems that prioritize health care treatment on the basis of need --- a triage system .
We prioritize health care on the basis of who can pay .
And in the most perverse form of rationing there is , we make the sickest people have the most difficult time getting access to health care .
( The sickest , after all , can't hold down a job , so the employer based system does n't really work for them , at least not in the long term . )
And let 's not forget :
If you get sick while you 're on unemployment , they can stop your benefits because you 're no longer ready to work !
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A British teen - ager who phoned the White House and claimed as part of a “ drunken prank ” that there was a bomb in the center of New York , escaped jail on Monday .
The White House from the South Lawn in Washington February 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
Thomas Hutchinson , 19 , from Sheffield , northern England , made a “ giggling ” call to the White House switchboard after drinking with friends at a barbecue last May , and claimed there was a bomb in Madison Square Garden .
The operator pressed a malicious call trace button and it was found to have been made in Britain .
Prosecutor Stephen Acaster said there was great concern when the call was first received but it was soon realized it was a hoax and Madison Square Garden was not evacuated .
Hutchinson was tracked down following an investigation involving the American secret service , the FBI , the New York City Police department and British counter - terrorism police .
He initially denied the charge when he was interviewed by police but later pleaded guilty , the Press Association reported .
At Sheffield Magistrates Court Monday , he was given a six - month jail sentence , suspended for 18 months , and ordered to carry out 250 hours of unpaid work .
“ One minute ’s thoughtlessness by you , one moment of madness , one drunken prank , all had very serious consequences , ” Judge Tony Browne said .
“ The reaction to a bomb hoax involving central New York is understandably taken initially very seriously . ”
Hutchinson ’s lawyer Geoff Flemming said it was unlikely Hutchinson would be a “ welcome visitor ” to the United States in the future .
“ What happened is evidently a young man of good character , who was at the time 17 , in the company of his friends , has far too much to drink and does something which is breathtakingly silly , ” he said .
By uh - oh - 21/7/2009 19:45 - United States
Today , I was taking a shower when my boyfriend suddenly hopped in with me .
We were getting a little frisky when my mom's hand unexpectedly came through the curtain , and dropped a condom in the bottom of the shower , all the while saying , " Keep it safe kids ! " .
FML
VERSAILLES , France  President Nicolas Sarkozy addressed Parliament on Monday , laying out a vision of France that included a withering critique of burqas as an unacceptable symbol of “ enslavement . ”
Speaking at the Palace of Versailles , Mr. Sarkozy confronted one of the most hotly debated social issues in France , saying there was no room in the republic for burqas , the garments that some Muslim women wear to cloak their bodies and faces .
“ The issue of the burqa is not a religious issue .
It is a question of freedom and of women ’s dignity , ” Mr. Sarkozy said .
“ The burqa is not a religious sign .
It is a sign of the subjugation , of the submission , of women . ”
To enthusiastic applause , he said , “ I want to say solemnly that it will not be welcome on our territory . ”
Sylvan Esso : " We know it ’s not going well if we feel like assholes "
The US synth - pop duo on how a new studio , a love of modular and touring as a 10 - piece band inspired their latest LP
New BCS Committee Chief rips playoff idea
The Nebraska State Paper.com sat down this week with University of Nebraska - Lincoln chancellor Harvey Perlman , who was recently appointed as chairman of the BCS Presidential Oversight Committee , which ultimately decides how the BCS is set up on a year basis .
So in other words , if college football were to ever have a playoff , this is the man who would give it the green light to happen .
And considering he crapped all over the idea in the interview , it looks like we fans will be waiting a long time for BCS to adopt a playoff system .
Why is a playoff not a viable alternative ?
Is it because it would cut too many teams out of postseason play ?
It would diminish the bowl structure and it would reduce the number of opportunities for student - athletes to play in the postseason and that ’s not a good thing .
If you look at college football now , it ’s the greatest sporting event spread over September , October , November , December and a little bit of January that the country has .
A playoff would seriously diminish the regular season , as it has in college basketball .
I do n’t think it ’s good for college football , I do n’t think it ’s good for student - athletes and I do n’t think it ’s good for fans .
I do n’t see fans travelling around the country three weeks in succession between December and January following their team .
So you ’re either going to have to play at home sites – which I ’m sure everybody will want to play in Nebraska in December and January – or you ’re gonna have to travel , which means that bowls will cease being intercollegiate events , but will become corporate events , where everybody in , you name the city , will be there except the fans of the teams .
This is n’t basketball .
This is n’t March Madness .
Football ’s a different game , different environment .
We have different traditions .
It ’s hard to see why a playoff is a good idea .
A playoff would diminish the bowl structure ?
How ironic , Harvey – because the bowl structure diminishes the college football season .
This whole notion that a playoff system would diminish the regular season is absolutely ridiculous and is the worst argument that BCS - supporters have made to date .
Is the NFL regular season diminished by a playoff ?
Hell no .
So why would a playoff diminish the college football season ?
Teams still have to fight to get into the playoffs , making every week just as exciting as it has ever been .
Sure , nobody is interested in Bengals - Browns in Week 17 , but that ’s unavoidable .
Nobody cares about Washington - Washington State when both teams are lousy either .
Whether there ’s a playoff format in place or not , there are going to be bad games on the schedule .
The traveling argument makes sense , but if they regionalized the games as best as they can , fans will still travel to see their favorite teams .
Hell , look at how Pittsburgh Steeler fans ; there are often more Steeler fans in opposing stadiums than there are fans of that city ’s team .
Granted , it ’s a little different when we ’re talking about poor college students compared to adults with jobs , but the students would still find a way to pack the stadiums .
But I digress .
Perlman has already made up his foolish mind and we ’ll once again be where we always are come December and January – frustrated and wanting more .
The BCS is a joke , the arguments for it are a joke , and the people that are running it are a joke .
สมัครแทงบอลออนไลน์ อดีตพรอวิเดนซ์โรดไอแลนด์นายกเทศมนตรีโจเซฟอาร์เปาลิโนจูเนียร์ได้บรรลุข้อตกลงอีกครั้งเพื่อซื้อสิ่งอำนวยความสะดวกสล็อตนิวพอร์ตแกรนด์
SBOBET แต่การซื้อจะดำเนินต่อไปหากศาลล้างชื่อให้กับทรัพย์สิน
มีรายงานว่าการกระทำในปี
1975 ได้โอนสิทธิ์การเป็นเจ้าของหลุมฝังกลบเมืองเก่าให้กับพ่อของ
Diane S. Hurley ซีอีโอของนิวพอร์ตแกรนด์ระบุว่าเมืองสามารถซื้อคืนทรัพย์สินได้หากไม่ได้ใช้งานร่วมกับใจ
นิวพอร์ตแกรนด์ได้ยื่นคำร้องต่อศาลเพื่อขอให้ศาลมีคำพิพากษาว่าสิทธิในการใช้เครื่องแปลงกระแสไฟฟ้าไม่มีความเกี่ยวข้องกัน
International Game Technology ( IGT ) ได้บุกเวียดนามโดยสร้างข้อตกลงในการติดตั้งโซลูชันระบบใน
Palazzo Club ซึ่งเป็นสโมสรสล็อตที่ตั้งอยู่ภายใน
Sheraton Saigon Hotel & Towers
“ การเป็นหุ้นส่วนของเรากับสร้างความสำเร็จครั้งสำคัญสำหรับ สมัครแทงบอลออนไลน์ และตลาดใหม่สำหรับโซลูชั่นระบบสล็อตในเวียดนาม
Sabby Gill รองประธานอาวุโสฝ่ายขายระหว่างประเทศของ IGT กล่า ว
“ IGT ยังคงรักษาความแข็งแกร่งหลักในพื้นที่ระบบการแข่งขันในเอเชียและการติดตั้งที่
Palazzo Club ตั้งมาตรฐานใหม่สำหรับการสร้างการเชื่อมต่อกับผู้เล่นที่คุ้มค่าและถูกออกแบบมาเพื่อเพิ่มผลกำไรต่อไป ”
Gill กล่า ว
ความตั้งใจที่ดีของนิวเม็กชิโกในการมอบทุนการศึกษาสำหรับนักศึกษาของมหาวิทยาลัยกำลังประสบปัญหา
สลากกินแบ่งรัฐที่ใช้ในการระดมทุนโปรแกรมไม่ได้สร้างเงินสดเพียงพอ
หากต้องการเพิ่มยอดขายได้มีการแนะนำแผนที่จะช่วยให้การซื้อสลากกินแบ่งผ่านบัตรเครดิตเป็นไปอย่างราบรื่น
ผู้สนับสนุนบอกว่าจะเพิ่มยอดขายและเพิ่มรายได้ที่สามารถใช้ในโครงการทุนการศึกษา
กลุ่มนักคิดอิสระเช่น
Think New Mexico เป็นห่วงเพราะข้อเสนอนี้จะขจัดความต้องการที่
30 % ของรายได้ลอตเตอรีจะอุทิศให้กับกองทุนการศึกษาตามรายงานของ
Susan Montoya Bryan ของ AP
Fred Nathan ซึ่งเป็นผู้อำนวยการบริหารของ
Think New Mexico อ้างว่ารายได้จากลอตเตอรีจะเพิ่มขึ้นเกือบ
30 % เพื่อการชำระหนี้ซึ่งเป็นเหตุการณ์ที่ไม่น่าเกิดขึ้นเนื่องจากยอดขายลอตเตอรีลดลงในช่วงทศวรรษที่ผ่านมา
เจ้าหน้าที่ลอตเตอรีกล่าวว่าการอภิปรายเกี่ยวกับทุนการศึกษาจำเป็นต้องมุ่งเน้นไปที่การแก้ไขปัญหามากกว่าสภาพที่เป็นอยู่
รัฐบาลซูซานามาร์ติเนซได้มีแนวคิดใหม่
เธอแนะนำให้รัฐใส่เงินอีก
6.5 ล้านเหรียญเข้าไปในกองทุนเพื่อรับประกันว่าค่าเล่าเรียนของนักเรียนจะได้รับการชำระอย่างน้อยสามภาคการศึกษาถัดไป
ปัญหาการระดมทุนทุนการศึกษาเป็นประเด็นร้อนในหมู่เจ้าหน้าที่ของรัฐและสมาคมการศึกษา
ก่อนการประชุมสภานิติบัญญัติในระยะเวลา
60 วันเจ้าหน้าที่การศึกษาเตือนว่าหากไม่มีการส่งเสริมการขายตั๋วหรือหาแหล่งรายได้อื่นกองทุนทุนการศึกษาจะไม่สามารถดำเนินต่อไปได้เนื่องจากการเพิ่มค่าเล่าเรียนและความต้องการความช่วยเหลือทางการเงินเพิ่มขึ้น
ด้วยการเปิดตัวของ Horseshoe Casino ในบัลติมอร์ในเดือนสิงหาคมรัฐแมริแลนด์สร้างสถิติรายรับรายได้จากการเล่นเกม นั่นคือจนถึงเดือนธันวาคม
จากนั้นในเดือนมกราคมหน่วยงานกำกับดูแลการพนันของรัฐรายงานรายได้
84.9 ล้านดอลลาร์ซึ่งเป็นเดือนที่สองที่ตัวเลขลดลง
“ ในบางจุ ด ” James Karmel นักวิเคราะห์คาสิโนและศาสตราจารย์ด้านประวัติศาสตร์ที่
Harford Community College กล่าว “ ตลาดมีความสามารถ เป็นไปได้ว่ามันจะทรงตัวแล้วผู้คนต่างก็เข้าใจการตั้งค่าของพวกเขาและติดกับพวกเข า ”
คาสิโนที่ใหญ่ที่สุดของรัฐแมรี่แลนด์สด , รายได้เดือนมกราคมของ 49.4 $ ล้านบาทลดลงร้อยละ 8 จากปีก่อนตามที่บัลติมอร์ซัน
นายกเทศมนตรีบอสตัน
Marty Walsh ต้องการพูดในสิ่งที่เกิดขึ้นใน
Everett ใกล้เคียงเมื่ อ Wynn Resorts Ltd. ( WYNN ) สร้างคาสิโนที่ซับซ้อน $ 1.7 พันล้านเนื่องจากผลกระทบที่การพัฒนาจะมีต่อเมือง
ห้ามมิให้มีบทบาทสำคัญซิตี้ออฟบอสตันยื่นฟ้องเป็นคดีฟ้องร้องที่กำลังอยู่ในระหว่างการพิจารณา
ในขณะเดียวกันการหารือยังคงดำเนินต่อไประหว่างกรมการขนส่งบอสตันและเจ้าหน้าที่ของ
Wynn เมื่อเปรียบเทียบกับจำนวนการจราจรเพิ่มเติมที่จะถูกสร้างขึ้นตามเส้นทาง 99 และในจัตุรั ส Sullivan
ตัวแทนขอ ง
Wynn ในที่ประชุมกับคณะกรรมการการเล่นเกมแมสซาชูเซตส์
Robert DeSalvio ชี้ให้เห็นว่า บริษัท มีการประชุมอย่างน้อยเจ็ดครั้งกับเจ้าหน้าที่ขนส่งในเมืองและเสร็จสิ้นการวิเคราะห์ความไวของการสัญจรทางถนน “ เพื่อยืนยันผลกระทบของ เครือข่ายถนนและตระหนักถึงการใช้ที่จอดรถคาดว่าจะยืนยันความถูกต้องของการประมาณการเหล่านั้นรวมถึงการเปรียบเทียบกับคาสิโนที่ระบุอื่น ๆ ”
ที่อัตราต่อรองระหว่าง บริษัท เว็บบอล SBOBET
เกมและเมืองคือกองทุนบรรเทาสาธารณภัยจำนวน
7.5 ล้านดอลลาร์ที่บอสตันต้องการเจาะและการตรวจสอบ
$ 1 ล้าน บริษัท วิลเลียมจะต้องจ่ายเมืองภายใต้ใบอนุญาต บอสตันปฏิเสธที่จะยอมรับการตรวจสอบในขณะที่การดำเนินคดีอยู่ในระหว่างรอดำเนินการและเงินอยู่ในระหว่างการเก็บรักษา
โฆษกของเมืองได้ส่งอีเมลไปยังผู้สื่อข่าวของ
Boston Herald และ Marie Szaniszio และ Jack Encamarcao อ่านว่ า “
Wynn ขอให้ Boston Transportation Department มีส่วนร่วมในการหารือเกี่ยวกับการจราจรและการวางแผนเกี่ยวกับการขนส่ง
คาสิโนที่เสนอและ BTD ยังคงมีที่นั่งในการสนทนาเหล่านั้นเพื่อปกป้องผลประโยชน์ที่ดีที่สุดของเมืองและพื้นที่ใกล้เคียงของ Charlestown ”
เจ้าหน้าที่ของบอสตันได้รับตำแหน่งที่ 1 ล้านเหรียญสหรัฐที่นำเสนอโดย
Wynn จะครอบคลุมค่าใช้จ่ายที่บอสตันได้เกิดขึ้นแล้วในการศึกษาโครงการของ
Wynn ไม่ใช่ค่าใช้จ่ายของความเครียดในอนาคตเช่นการแก้ไขการจราจรและอันดับความปลอดภัยสาธารณะที่เพิ่มขึ้น
มีผลสะท้อนหลายประการจากการประกาศเมื่อสัปดาห์ที่แล้วว่า
บริษัท วินน์รีสอร์ท จำกัด ( WYNN ) ได้รับความเดือดร้อนจากการลดลงของรายได้และกำไรเนื่องจากการลดลงของการพนันในมาเก๊า
ไม่นานหลังจากนักวิเคราะห์ได้รับคำตอบแล้ว
Nomura Securities ก็ได้ปรับลดระดับ Wynn Macau ซึ่งเป็นแผนกเอเชียของ บริษัท จากการระงับการขายโดยมีเป้าหมายราคาที่ลดลง
Steve Wynn ซีอีโอยังกล่าวอีกว่า “ ไตรมาสที่สี่เป็นเรื่องยาก ” และ บริษัท เว็บบอล SBOBET คาดว่าแรงงานจะชะลอการเลื่อน
Cotai Strip 4.1 พันล้านดอลลาร์ “ Wynn Palace ”
รายรับสำหรับรอบระยะเวลารายงานอยู่ที่
1.14 พันล้านดอลลาร์และกำไร
122.4 ล้านดอลลาร์หรือ 1.20 ดอลลาร์ต่อหุ้นเทียบกับรายรับ
1.52 พันล้านดอลลาร์ในปีที่แล้วและ
231.2 ดอลลาร์หรือ 2.27 ดอลลาร์ต่อหุ้น
เจ็ดเดือนติดต่อกันของการพนันที่ลดลงในมาเก๊าการลดลงที่
Wynn Resorts ไม่ได้คาดไม่ถึง หลายสัปดาห์ที่ผ่านมาราคาหุ้นของ บริษัท อยู่ภายใต้ความกดดั น
Wynn แสดงความมั่นใจในการพัฒนาใหม่ของเขาโดยพูดว่าชาวจีนเหมือนนักพนันทุกคนกำลังมองหาประสบการณ์ตั้งแต่ “ ทุก ๆ สล็อตแมชชีนบนโลกนี้มีหน้าตาเหมือนกัน
“ ทุกคนล้วนเหมือนกัน เมื่อพวกเขาไปเที่ยวพักผ่อนพวกเขาต้องการมีชีวิตที่ดีขึ้นและดีขึ้ น ”
เขาอธิบายว่ า Wynn Palace เป็น “ คำเชิญขอบทองสำหรับปาร์ตี้นั้น ”
รายงานข่าวล่าสุดจาก Penn National Gaming Inc. ( PENN ) เรียกว่า Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc. ( GLPI ) รายงานการวัดผลกำไรที่สำคัญในไตรมาสที่สี่
เงินทุนจากการดำเนินงานอยู่ที่
75.8 ล้านดอลลาร์หรือ 0.65 ดอลลาร์ต่อหุ้น
รายงานดังกล่าวสอดคล้องกับประมาณการของนักวิเคราะห์
บริษัท ดังกล่าวมีกำไรสุทธ ิ 44.2 ล้านดอลลาร์หรือ 0.38 ดอลลาร์ต่อหุ้น รายได้ซึ่งส่วนใหญ่มาจากการจ่ายค่าเช่าจากคาสิโนอสังหาริมทรัพย์ที่เป็นเจ้าของนั้นอยู่ที่
159 ล้านดอลลาร์ซึ่งนักวิเคราะห์คาดการณ์ไว้ที่
157.2 ล้านดอลลาร์
สำหรับปีนี้ บริษัท รายงานเงินทุนจากการดำเนินงาน
309 ล้านดอลลาร์หรือ 2.63 ดอลลาร์ต่อหุ้น รายรับสูงถึง 635.9 ล้านดอลลาร์ นอกจากนี้ บริษัท ประกาศว่า Alain Thieffry ได้รับการแต่งตั้งเป็นประธานเจ้าหน้าที่ฝ่ายการเงิน
The Buddha did n't speak English .
This should be obvious since the historical Buddha lived in India almost 26 centuries ago .
Yet it 's a point lost on many people who get stuck on the definitions of English words used in translations .
For example , people want to argue with the first of the Four Noble Truths , often translated as " life is suffering . "
That sounds so negative .
Remember , the Buddha did n't speak English , so he did n't use the English word , " suffering . "
What he said , according to the earliest scriptures , is that life is dukkha .
What Does ' Dukkha ' Mean ?
" Dukkha " is Pali , a variation of Sanskrit , and it means a lot of things .
For example , anything temporary is dukkha , including happiness .
But some people can't get past that English word " suffering " and want to disagree with the Buddha because of it .
Some translators are chucking out " suffering " and replacing it with " dissatisfaction " or " stress . "
Sometimes translators bump into words that have no corresponding words meaning exactly the same thing in the other language .
" Dukkha " is one of those words .
Understanding dukkha , however , is critical to understanding the Four Noble Truths , and the Four Noble Truths are the foundation of Buddhism .
Filling in the Blank
Because there is no single English word that neatly and tidily contains the same range of meaning and connotation as " dukkha , " It 's better not to translate it .
Otherwise , you 'll waste time spinning your wheels over a word that does n't mean what the Buddha meant .
So , throw out " suffering , " " stress , " " dissatisfaction , " or whatever other English word is standing in for it , and go back to " dukkha . "
Do this even if — especially if — you do n't understand what " dukkha " means .
Think of it as an algebraic " X , " or a value you 're trying to discover .
Defining Dukkha
The Buddha taught there are three main categories of dukkha .
These are :
Suffering or Pain ( Dukkha - dukkha ) .
Ordinary suffering , as defined by the English word , is one form of dukkha .
This includes physical , emotional and mental pain .
Ordinary suffering , as defined by the English word , is one form of dukkha .
This includes physical , emotional and mental pain .
Impermanence or Change ( Viparinama - dukkha ) .
Anything that is not permanent , that is subject to change , is dukkha .
Thus , happiness is dukkha , because it is not permanent .
Great success , which fades with the passing of time , is dukkha .
Even the purest state of bliss experienced in spiritual practice is dukkha .
This does n't mean that happiness , success , and bliss are bad , or that it 's wrong to enjoy them .
If you feel happy , then enjoy feeling happy .
Just do n't cling to it .
Anything that is not permanent , that is subject to change , is dukkha .
Thus , happiness is dukkha , because it is not permanent .
Great success , which fades with the passing of time , is dukkha .
Even the purest state of bliss experienced in spiritual practice is dukkha .
This does n't mean that happiness , success , and bliss are bad , or that it 's wrong to enjoy them .
If you feel happy , then enjoy feeling happy .
Just do n't cling to it .
Conditioned States ( Samkhara - dukkha ) .
To be conditioned is to be dependent on or affected by something else .
According to the teaching of dependent origination , all phenomena are conditioned .
Everything affects everything else .
This is the most difficult part of the teachings on dukkha to understand , but it is critical to understanding Buddhism .
What Is the Self ?
This takes us to the Buddha 's teachings on the self .
According to the doctrine of anatman ( or anatta ) there is no " self " in the sense of a permanent , integral , autonomous being within an individual existence .
What we think of as our self , our personality , and ego , are temporary creations of the skandhas .
The skandhas , or " five aggregates , " or " five heaps , " are a combination of five properties or energies that make what we think of as an individual being .
Theravada scholar Walpola Rahula said ,
" What we call a ' being ' , or an ' individual ' , or ' I ' , is only a convenient name or a label given to the combination of these five groups .
They are all impermanent , all constantly changing .
' Whatever is impermanent is dukkha ' ( Yad aniccam tam dukkham ) .
This is the true meaning of the Buddha 's words : ' In brief the Five Aggregates of Attachment are dukkha . '
They are not the same for two consecutive moments .
Here A is not equal to A .
They are in a flux of momentary arising and disappearing . "
( What the Buddha Taught , p. 25 )
Life Is Dukkha
Understanding the First Noble Truth is not easy .
For most of us , it takes years of dedicated practice , especially to go beyond a conceptual understanding to a realization of the teaching .
Yet people often glibly dismiss Buddhism as soon as they hear that word " suffering . "
That 's why I think it is useful to toss out English words like " suffering " and " stressful " and go back to " dukkha . "
Let the meaning of dukkha unfold for you , without other words getting in the way .
The historical Buddha once summarized his own teachings this way : " Both formerly and now , it is only dukkha that I describe , and the cessation of dukkha . "
Buddhism will be a muddle for anyone who does n't grasp the deeper meaning of dukkha .
By Kim RahnStaff Reporter
Is sex by birth a qualification for a beauty pageant ?
It appears not , as a male - turned - female transsexual has passed the preliminary stage of the 2009 Super Model Contest .
Choi Han-bit , 23 , was among 50 participants selected from a list of 1,200 candidates at the preliminary stage of the contest on July 2 .
She still has to pass another preliminary on July 28 to be included in the final selection , but if she does , Choi will be Korea 's first transsexual super model .
A dance major at the Korea National University of Arts , Choi underwent a sex change operation in 2006 , and was legally recognized as a woman by a court .
She also changed her name from Han-jin to Han-bit .
After grabbing the public 's attention , she said on her blog , " This is only the beginning .
I have not lived in a vain hope .
I just believed that I can be happy and I can do it .
" But cyber world is divided on Choi 's selection in the preliminary .
Some Internet users , including several unsuccessful contestants at the preliminary , say that a person who has artificially changed sex should not be allowed in the beauty contest .
They claimed it is not right for a transsexual , who has obtained a female body artificially , to take part in the contest that evaluates appearance .
But many others supported Choi , saying she is just the same as other " real female " contestants who underwent plastic surgery .
They left messages on her blog , saying , " You made a courageous choice , " and " I saw a picture of you before having the sex change operation , and you were beautiful then as well .
" SBS MediaNet , the host of the pageant , said the sex change does not conflict with the contest 's rules because her legal sex is female .
It also said that Choi disclosed to other contestants that she is a transsexual .
In 2005 , before undergoing the sex change operation , she appeared in a television show as a man who was disguised as a woman.rahnita@koreatimes.co.kr
Posted on September 21st , 2011
About : Like many people who grew up in the Mid-Atlantic , Yuengling holds a very special place in my heart .
But much like our love of good cheesesteaks and Wawa , there ’s just something about our Yuengling fever that seems to get lost in translation .
What ’s so special about it anyway ?
Well , whether you grew up in Yuengling country or not , chances are you may know that Yuengling is the oldest American - owned brewery operating today .
Opened in 1829 by German emigrant David G. Yuengling in Pottsville , PA , the Yuengling brewery survived Prohibition by brewing non-alcoholic “ near beer ” and opening a dairy to supplement their income .
The brewery is still owned and operated by the family to this day .
Read Full Story
The Welcome Collection in central London is holding an exhibit and show of “ Quacks and Cures ” – exploring quaint quack remedies of the past .
You can watch a slideshow presentation here .
I find discussions of curious cures from the past particularly interesting these days as it always strikes me how little has changed .
This show is another example of how people can marvel at the naivete of the public a century or more ago in the face of obvious patent medicine scams or bizarre medical treatments – and yet they are really no different than many alternative medicine and supplement industry claims of today .
The only thing that has changed , slightly , is the particulars of the marketing – the slogans and catch - phrases that were common .
The advertisement for Parker ’s Tonic asks , “ Are you weary in brain and body ? ” and claims to work by “ rejuvenating the blood . ”
This is actually less bizarre than therapeutic touch practitioners claiming to strengthen your human energy field .
Many remedies were sold through testimonials , especially from famous people or royalty .
In the UK there is actually a continuous tradition of royalty lending their prestige to dubious remedies .
Prince Charles is hawking his Duchy Original Detox Tincture – you ca n’t get more of a vibe of old patent medicine than that .
And of course the use of testimonials is key – you can find testimonials to support any product or claim that you wish .
They are useful only for marketing .
The slide show depicts , “ Baldwin ’s Herbal Tonic Mixture , Nature ’s general restorer of the system and purifier of the blood . ”
That is just slightly off of modern herbal products claiming to naturally detoxify the body .
And yet it is acceptable to call Baldwin ’s Tonic an example of a quack patent remedy , while modern hawkers of the same con have managed to convince much of the public that it is closed - minded and impolite to do so regarding it ’s contemporary equivalent .
We also see electrical and magnetic quack devices – another theme that seems to recur with regularity in the quack medical device industry .
Harness ’ Electropathic Belts are “ scientifically constructed , ” and you can have a free consultation at the “ Electropathic and Zander Institute ” to treat your weakness .
Wow – that can pass for an absolutely contemporary CAM clinic .
We also see a practitioner of “ metallic tractors ” which drew out “ noxious substances ” by “ magnetic means . ”
This is a sort of combination of detox pads and magnetic bracelets .
Very nice .
The exhibit will feature on this Friday , July 10th , not only shows ( including a patent medicine show ) but also lectures .
Ben Goldacre will be lecturing on the placebo effect .
This is awesome , and makes me wonder if the exhibiters get it – do they appreciate the fact that by showing quack remedies from the past and exposing how they were marketed , they are taking a swipe at their modern equivalent ?
Those who forget the past are doomed to repeat it – this is true enough in this case .
There is much to learn from dubious remedies of the past .
They teach us that millions can swear by treatments that we now know to be fraudulent and worthless , even harmful .
We can see how such remedies are marketed with vague but pleasing slogans , how testimonials are used to deceive , and see that the themes which may seem new today ( natural , detox , etc. ) were old a century ago .
Last year , his business went up by 40 percent , and so far this year , it has “ practically doubled , ” said Mr. Marguerit , the managing director of Élevage et Patrimoine , a cattle investment firm in this part of eastern France , near the Alps , and president of Gestel , which works with farmers and investors .
“ People have saved money and do n’t want to waste it , ” he said .
“ Stocks have fallen a lot , and people see it .
We need somewhere to put our money for a long - term investment , something more stable . ”
At the moment , there are about 37,000 cows under contract in France at some 880 farms , according to the French Association for Investment in Cattle .
But the potential market is huge , Mr. Marguerit insists , perhaps as many as one million head in France and six million in Europe as a whole .
A typical couple will buy 10 to 20 dairy cows for about $ 1,700 each and can decide to sell the offspring each year or keep them as additional “ capital . ”
“ At this difficult time , it ’s a much better investment than real estate and much more tangible than the stock market , ” Mr. Marguerit said .
He then proceeded to praise the new interest “ in natural , organic and lasting things ” among the French , who have always romanticized the countryside and imagined themselves shrewd peasants at heart .
“ This is part of the patrimony , ” he said .
In the steep financial crash , “ we ’re having a moment of realization — we ’re landing hard and people are asking real questions . ”
Diversify into cows ?
Why not ?
For Richard Durand , the arrangement frees up capital for improvements to his small dairy farm here , 500 acres deep in the countryside about 35 miles southeast of Lyon .
He provides his 100 Holsteins with the best of everything , including a view of the mountains and the grassy fields where they spend the summer months .
Even better , they can have a massage — a large round brush they rub against whenever the urge hits them .
He calls his property “ The Farm of the Happy Cows , ” and so they seem , so far as one can tell .
Mr. Durand “ rents ” 37 of his 100 cows , all of whom he knows by name and not just by the numbered tags punched through both ears , like big plastic earrings .
He seems especially fond of Tartine , a brown and white Holstein who likes her head rubbed .
Mr. Durand , 48 , has come up in the world .
“ I smelled of cows until I was 42 , ” he said , describing how he had to clean their hooves with his fingers and showing off the automated sledge that runs on a track down the middle of his modern barn , sweeping away the excrement and soiled straw of all those happy cows .
Now he confines himself to making cheese , while others deal with the straw and the twice - a- day milking .
He sells his excellent fromage blanc , butter and yogurts to local markets that feature artisanal products , while most of his 200,000 gallons of milk a year are sold to the local cooperative .
Raising cows owned by others gives him more tax deductions and frees as much as 17 percent of his capital for improvements or investments , said Mr. Durand , whose three children have moved away , wanting nothing more to do with cows .
The animals are good natured but , he admits , boring .
“ They spend eight hours eating , eight hours sleeping and eight hours ruminating , ” he said .
As for him , the day runs from 5:30 a.m. till 7 p.m .
In a little shop attached to his barn , Mr. Durand has a list of French expressions using the cow .
He points to one : “ le temps des vaches maigres , ” a time of skinny cows — a period of belt - tightening .
There are many other signs of coping in this area of France , where industry is also being hit hard by the recession .
Business is brisk at traditional consignment shops , where people bring used or unwanted items .
Stores are having floating sales , outside the traditionally rigid sale periods , possible under a new law .
Web sites bring together “ neighbors in solidarity , ” who help one another with chores or repairs and buy basic commodities in common ; on swap sites , people can work out exchanges for things from clothes to household equipment .
Sites put consumers in touch with farmers , to buy fruits and vegetables in bulk ; another site , Le- Dindon .fr , facilitates the donation of unwanted items , instead of their disposal .
In Lyon , Jérémie Romand , 28 , has come up with his own clever idea : an Internet company that puts together people who want rides with those who have empty seats , at a guaranteed fare that is transferred to the driver only after a customer arrives safely .
His company , EnVoitureSimone.com — a French phrase roughly equivalent to “ Let ’s hit the road , Jack ” — is doubling its customers every month , he said .
On average , he said , cars carry only 1.2 passengers every trip .
“ We want to capture the potential of these millions of empty seats in a way that is safe , secure and organized , ” he said .
“ Transport is the second - largest household expense in France , after housing and before food . ”
The crisis has helped his company and been a wake - up call to everyone , Mr. Romand said .
“ The French now want to know how to save money in every aspect of life . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. recession might be loosening its grip , data released on Wednesday suggested , although analysts cautioned recovery was likely to be long and slow .
U.S. industrial output declined at a slower pace in June and a key regional U.S. factory survey posted its strongest reading in a year this month .
Another report showed core U.S. consumer prices edged up at a moderate pace in June , providing further evidence that the U.S. recession was not pushing the country toward a Japan - style deflation and stagnation .
“ We have no doubt that the post - Lehman collapse in output is over ... but a recovery is still a long way off , ” said Ian Shepherdson , chief U.S. economist at High Frequency Economics .
The failure of investment bank Lehman Brothers in September sparked a global financial crisis that pushed the economy much deeper into a recession that began in December 2007 .
The U.S. Federal Reserve also gave a somewhat more optimistic outlook , saying the economy probably would not contract as sharply as previously thought in 2009 .
In its updated economic projections , released along with minutes from its June policy - setting meeting , the Fed nudged up its 2009 GDP forecast to a range of - 1.5 percent to - 1 percent , from its April outlook for - 2.0 to - 1.3 .
However , it also raised its unemployment forecast for this year and next , warning that the economic recovery would probably be too anemic to generate much job growth .
Federal Reserve data released earlier on Wednesday showed that U.S. industrial production fell by a smaller - than - expected 0.4 percent last month , reinforcing hopes the pace of the economy ’s decline was slowing , although the result was helped by strong utilities production .
For the second quarter as a whole , output fell at an annual rate of 11.6 percent , a more moderate contraction than in the first quarter , when production fell at a 19.1 percent rate .
Wall Street was sharply higher on Wednesday , buoyed by the brightening outlook for the economy and solid quarterly results from Intel Corp .
A separate report from the New York Federal Reserve Bank showed the decline in factory activity in New York state was easing , bolstering recovery hopes .
The Empire State business conditions index rose to minus 0.55 in July , the highest reading since April 2008 , from minus 9.41 in June .
The improvement reflected a big jump in the new orders index , which reached its highest point since December 2007 , while the inventories index fell to a record low .
Economists expect plummeting inventories to lead to a rebound in production and possibly help pull the U.S. economy out of the worst recession in decades .
General Motors United Auto Workers assemble Chevrolet Malibus and Saturn Auras at the rate of 45 per hour at the GM Fairfax Assembly Plant in Kansas City , Kansas April 1 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Dave Kaup
SLUMP SLOWING
“ It ’s still a tentative sign , but consistent with other reports showing that the recession may be near an end , ” said Gary Thayer , senior economist at Wells Fargo Advisors in St. Louis .
Data showing U.S. crude oil stocks fell last week boosted oil prices , but analysts said it was premature to draw any conclusions about the level of industrial demand from the figures .
The U.S. economy shrank at a 5.5 percent annual pace in the first quarter , but economists say the rate of decline appears to have moderated sharply in the second quarter .
A Reuters poll of 70 economists released on Wednesday found that growth was expected to shrink at an annual 1.8 percent rate in the second quarter , before beginning a long , slow recovery .
Conditions for many U.S. households remain tough .
Capital One Financial Corp said credit card default rates rose last month as Americans struggled with debt in the face of rising unemployment .
The recession has dampened inflation , but the worry that the downturn could spur a debilitating , broad - based downward spiral in prices has abated .
Consumer prices rose 0.7 percent in June , the biggest gain since July 2008 , although most of the increase was due to soaring gasoline prices and so - called core inflation remained relatively tame , Labor Department data showed .
Gasoline prices jumped 17.3 percent last month , the largest increase since September 2005 .
Still , compared with the same period last year , the Consumer Price Index was down 1.4 percent , the biggest decline since the period ended January 1950 .
Stripping out volatile energy and food prices , the closely watched core CPI edged up 0.2 percent in June to stand 1.7 percent above its year - ago level .
“ The year - over - year increase of 1.7 percent ex-food and energy clearly shows that last year ’s deflation fears should now be solidly over , ” said Tom Sowanick , chief investment officer at Clearbrook Partners in Princeton , New Jersey .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
This weekend ’s Fourth of July festivities celebrated the birth of representative government in America .
As the Declaration of Independence set forth 233 years ago , our government derives its power from the consent of the governed .
Such consent does not exist when legislation is purposely rammed through Congress so quickly that congressmen — let alone citizens — do not have time even to read it .
Welcome to Speaker Nancy Pelosi ’s House of Representatives .
The “ people ’s House ” is now a place where bills are voted on not only before legislators or the public have read them , but also before parts of the bills even have been written .
Such was the case with a 300 - page amendment to the cap - and - trade bill the House passed on June 26 .
The House leadership could not even produce this amendment on paper , in final form , before it was voted on .
In response to that and other recent outrageous infringements of real representative democracy , a group called Let Freedom Ring is pushing all 435 members of Congress and 100 senators to sign a pledge against such shenanigans on any health care reform bill Congress considers .
All 535 of them ought to do so .
The pledge , which can be found at www.pledgetoread.com, reads in part as follows : “ I pledge to my constituents and the American people that I will not vote to enact any healthcare reform package that : 1 ) I have not read , personally , in its entirety ; and 2 ) Has not been available , in its entirety , to the American people on the Internet for at least 72 hours , so that they can read it too . ”
No simpler requirement for good government could be imagined .
When what is at stake is a revolutionary change in the entire organization of 17 percent of the economy - not to mention the delivery of services that could mean the difference between life and death for millions of Americans each year - it is basic common sense to insist that our lawmakers know and understand what they are voting on - and that includes the fine print .
As it was put by Colin Hanna , president of Let Freedom Ring , “ there is no rational reason for not signing the pledge . ”
Unfortunately , Mrs. Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid say they ca n’t be bothered with such essentials .
On June 25 , both declined to promise to give the public a week to review any major health care reform .
Mrs. Pelosi did not even respond to a question posed at a press briefing by Cybercast News Service about whether the Congressional Budget Office would have time to “ score ” the bill ’s final price tag .
Such an attitude represents the height — or , rather , the depth — of irresponsibility .
It is an axiom in criminal court that “ ignorance of the law is no excuse . ”
There certainly is no excuse for lawmakers to be ignorant of the laws they would force on the rest of us .
That sounds almost criminal to us .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
A child is bitten by a dog every 0.07 seconds ...
I read in the newspaper today that letter carriers were bitten by dogs 3,000 times last year .
( Curiously , this is not a round number ; it is exact . )
The article then continued : " children ... are 900 times more likely to be bitten than letter carriers . "
This is obviously nonsense , because suppose the post office employs half a million letter carriers .
( The actual number is actually about half that , but we are doing a back - of - the - envelope estimate of plausibility . )
Then the bite rate is six bites per thousand letter carriers per year , and if children are 900 times more likely to be bitten , they are getting bitten at a rate of 5,400 bites per thousand children per year , or 5.4 bites per child .
Insert your own joke here , or use the prefabricated joke framework in the title of this article .
I wrote to the reporter , who attributed the claim to the Postal Bulletin 22258 of 7 May 2009 .
It does indeed appear there .
I am trying to track down the ultimate source , but I suspect I will not get any farther .
I have discovered that the " 900 times " figure appears in the Post Office 's annual announcements of Dog Bite Prevention Month as far back as 2004 , but not as far back as 2002 .
Meantime , what are the correct numbers ?
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have a superb on - line database of injury data .
It immediately delivers the correct numbers for dog bite rate among children :
Age Number of
injuries Population Rate per
100,000 0 2,302 4,257,020 54.08 1 7,100 4,182,171 169.77 2 10,049 4,110,458 244.47 3 10,355 4,111,354 251.86 4 9,920 4,063,122 244.15 5 7,915 4,031,709 196.32 6 8,829 4,089,126 215.91 7 6,404 3,935,663 162.72 8 8,464 3,891,755 217.48 9 8,090 3,901,375 207.36 10 7,388 3,927,298 188.11 11 6,501 4,010,171 162.11 12 7,640 4,074,587 187.49 13 5,876 4,108,962 142.99 14 4,720 4,193,291 112.56 15 5,477 4,264,883 128.42 16 4,379 4,334,265 101.03 17 4,459 4,414,523 101.01 Total 133,560 82,361,752 162.16
According to the USPS 2008 Annual Report , in 2008 the USPS employed 211,661 city delivery carriers and 68,900 full - time rural delivery carriers , a total of 280,561 .
Since these 280,561 carriers received 3,000 dog bites , the rate per 100,000 carriers per year is 1069.29 bites .
So the correct statistic is not that children are 900 times more likely than carriers to be bitten , but rather that carriers are 6.6 times as likely as children to be bitten , 5.6 times if you consider only children under 13 .
Incidentally , your toddler 's chance of being bitten in the course of a year is only about a quarter of a percent , ceteris paribus .
Where did 900 come from ?
I have no idea .
There are 293 times as many children as there are letter carriers , and they received a total of 44.5 times as many bites .
The " 900 " figure is all over the Internet , despite being utterly wrong .
Even with extensive searching , I was not able to find this factoid in the brochures or reports of any other reputable organization , including the American Veterinary Medical Association , the American Academy of Pediatrics , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , or the Humane Society of the Uniited States .
It appears to be the invention of the USPS .
Also in the same newspaper , the new Indian restaurant on Baltimore avenue was advertising that they " specialize in vegetarian and non-vegetarian food " .
It 's just a cornucopia of stupidity today , is n't it ?
[ Other articles in category / math ] permanent link
Apple has changed the tagline for its MacBooks from “ the world ’s greenest family of notebooks ” to “ the world ’s greenest line of notebooks ” because of a recommendation from the Better Business Bureau ’s National Advertising Division–a recommendation that came as a result of a request from rival computer - maker Dell .
Yes , the green computer wars have begun .
Dell complained to the BBB ’s advertising division that Apple ’s four pillars of greenness –recyclability , reduced packaging , fewer toxic materials , and increasing energy efficiency–are n’t actually unique to Apple .
In fact , Dell points out , other PC makers besides Apple ( including Dell ) have received a gold rating from the Electronic Product Environmental Assessment Tool ( EPEAT ) .
In the end , NAD decided that most of Apple ’s claims are fair since no computer manufacturer has comparably high EPEAT ratings for all of the notebooks it produces .
NAD did suggest that Apple change the “ greenest family ” portion of its slogan to the “ greenest line ” to make it clear that the ” basis for the comparison is between all MacBooks to all of the notebooks manufactured by any given competitor . ”
Semantics , right ?
Maybe , but Dell ’s insistence on Apple using best practices in green advertising shows that some companies are so eager to be seen as environmentally savvy that they will police the other organizations in their industry .
It does n’t mean that we can stop paying attention to corporate claims , but it does mean that greenwashing might let up a tiny bit .
[ Via WSJ Digits ]
Related Stories :
Apple the Least Green of Big Four IT Companies
Is The New MacBook Green ?
Ask Greenpeace .
Greenpeace Guide to Greener Electronics : Nokia Shines , Dell Lags Behind
[ H]e has hid behind the TBI investigation to avoid saying anything one way or another .
“ Unfortunately , I am the victim and a witness to a crime in an ongoing investigation .
At this time , I have been advised by authorities and the District Attorney ’s office not to comment .
There is already misinformation being inferred regarding this matter which I look forward to clearing up at the appropriate time , ” Stanley said in a statement .
Interesting phrasing .
Of course , we do n’t know what happened or did n’t happen exactly .
All we know is that instead of telling the blackmailer that his bluff was called and to do his worst , he called the TBI .
Instead of proclaiming his innocence and his martial fidelity on camera to get in front of the story , he hid behind a written statement .
While the words in his statement say innocent , his actions say guilty .
What a guy !
I bet he would have opposed the Bill of Rights , the emancipation of the slaves or the minimum wage too had he lived in any earlier time when conservatives were fulminating against that stuff .
I have a feeling allreaders will know the punch line of this tale before they read another 15 words .
Tennessee state Senator Paul Stanley was the driving force behind his state 's anti-gay adoption legislation .
No , he was n't caught in a toilet trying to seduce an undercover cop .
The ultra -conservative freak was having an affair with a young woman who was working as a legislative intern .
What the hell is wrong with these Republican hypocrites ?
They 're such a cliche at this point that it 's becoming painful to write about them !
The woman , McKensie Morrison , is 23 years old .
Stanley , aside from being a moralizing homophobic wingnut , is the chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee and a married man with two young children and a true Republican defender of the sanctity of marriage .
Stanley has n't confessed , nor has he denied the relationship ; but when Ms. Morrison 's boyfriend tried blackmailing him he called the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation .
I 'm sure you could surmise all this but , for the record , Stanley is a rabid gun nut , an anti-choice fanatic , the former state chairman of the Tennessee Young Republicans , a former staffer for Dollar Bill Frist , and , of course , a Sunday school teacher for the Methodist Church in Germantown .
Oh , and he 's probably a crook as well as a philanderer ; he works for the criminal ponzi operation run by the recently busted " Sir " Allen Stanford .
Aside from being the state Senate 's most homophobic member , he 's best known as an enemy of working families for his sponsorship of a failed bill to preempt local " Living Wage " ordinances .
The bill would have prohibited any local government setting the minimum wage at a higher rate than the federally imposed minimum wage .
Labels : Paul Stanley , Republican hypocrisy , Tennessee
Rainbow Blog
Do you like happiness ?
Yay , we do too .
Let 's cornify the world together and spread eternal , sparkly happiness !
Cornify your Photo
Funny - Games.biz is # 1 site for your online entertainment !
You can play over 6000 flash games , webGL and html5 free online games here .
Enjoy your stay !
Tons of free free games , over 6000 online games and computer game downloads .
Are you seeking games to play ?
Do you want to play free games ?
Play game online ?
On this site you can play free online games ( arcade games , christmas party game , christmas games , kid games , gamesloth card games , pogo game , addicting games , board games , multiplayer games , .io games , internet games , html5 game , bowl games , shooting games and much more ) .
In this game zone you 'll find a lot of game demos , free game to play online , free arcade game , pool game , word game casino games , football game as well as bingo games .
For clever heads we have lots of math games and puzzles .
We also have free casino games , online card game , poker games .
You 'll find here everything you need for your online fun !
In a matter of a few moments last night , Brock Lesnar became the most hated man in the UFC and likely all of mixed martial arts .
No matter what one 's personal feelings are on Lesnar 's antics , most will agree that he went too far with things he said last night , and it left a sour taste in everyone 's mouths on what was an otherwise amazing night of fights .
Lesnar is n't for everyone , but there is nothing wrong with that .
Almost every fighter to ever enter the Octagon will have fans that adore him , while other fans will simply dislike the same fighter for any number of reasons .
Lost in all the theatrics of Lesnar was a performance worthy of immediate induction into the UFC Hall of Fame .
A real - life masterpiece not only inside the Octagon but outside as well that displayed the very essence of what the sport is all about .
It not only takes a special fighter to unite everyone 's feelings in a positive way , but a special human being as well .
Georges St. Pierre has transformed into that rare breed of athlete that is admired for both his athletic ability and the way he handles himself away from the arena .
While most thought St. Pierre would defeat Thiago Alves at UFC 100 , no one thought GSP would dominate Alves so thoroughly , so that he looked like an amateur compared to St. Pierre .
After the fight , St. Pierre 's performance took on legendary status .
He revealed in his post - fight interview with Joe Rogan that he severely injured his groin during the third round when Alves was on top of him .
St. Pierre refused to let an injury dictate his fate and instead , he took control of his own destiny and continued to dominate Alves .
St. Pierre won every round in convincing fashion and easily took the unanimous decision .
In a great show of class and respect , Alves raised St. Pierre 's arm in victory immediately after the final horn .
In what has become typical St. Pierre humility , he spoke after the fight how the welterweight division is " stacked " with contenders , and he would need to assess all his options in the coming weeks .
With respect to what St. Pierre said , I do n't consider Mike Swick or Martin Kampmann legitimate title contenders .
They are nice fighters but no where near the caliber of St. Pierre .
If he tore apart Alves the way he did , imagine what he would do to the winner of Swick - Kampmann .
St. Pierre 's next challenge may lie in literally " stepping up " the competition .
Both St. Pierre and Dana
White hinted at a change in weight classes but that would take significant time , up to a year , to properly train and make the weight gain in a healthy and competitive manner .
Anderson Silva may serve as the ultimate goal in the next phase of St. Pierre 's career .
I do n't see a permanent switch to the middleweight division , but a bout with Silva could be the biggest fight in the history of the sport .
It would finally settle the argument of who is the true pound - for - pound best fighter in the world .
Saturday night saw the continuation of what has become one of the most dominant eras that mixed martial arts has ever seen .
Luckily for everyone involved , the end seems nowhere in sight for St. Pierre .
In a sport filled with egos and self - promotion , St. Pierre stands alone as example of the discipline , honor , and respect that is taught to all that partake in mixed martial arts .
He deserves to be cheered for the talent he shows during his fights , and revered for the honor he brings to himself and his sport .
Georges St. Pierre is a mixed martial artist in every aspect of the name , but his very best may be yet to come .
In that case , everyone will have become just a little bit better individually for the opportunity to see a modern - day warrior at work .
Europe has been dealing with this issue longer and has better addressed the wind transmission and storage issue , so it is in better shape in this regard .
Jerome Guillet has prepared a write - up focusing more on the European perspective .
I should make it clear that this discussion relates to US wind power , not European wind power .
Many of the issues directly or indirectly relate to the fact the US is facing a multi- faceted problem -- lack of wind turbines , needed grid upgrades , and lack of electrical storage .
In a time of financial problems , the price of such a big change makes it difficult to tackle all these problems on the necessary scale at once .
If we only add wind turbines , and make minimal upgrades in storage and transmission , the change is still likely to still be expensive and will likely leave us with the need for large subsidies .
Without extensive grid upgrades and electrical storage changes , wind generated electricity will continue to play only a supporting role , acting mostly as a fuel substitute .
I think we think we know more about wind - power than we do .
These are a few things that I have recently discovered about wind that make me think that plunging headlong into electricity is not necessarily a good idea .
At this point , we do n't seem to have a plan that does much more than address wind turbines themselves .
This story has been edited to make it clearer that the analysis relates to US wind rather than European wind and to clarify the problem with excess generation at night .
I also added an Item 10 .
1 . Without mandates or feed - in tariffs , the selling price for wind is generally lower than that for other wholesale electricity .
A Department of Energy publication shows this graphic :
The red dots indicate that on average , the selling price for wind had been between $ 35 and $ 40 per MWk .
( This is equivalent to $ .035 to $ .040 per kWh , while the band of wholesale prices of electricity has floated above it ) .
2. Sometimes the selling price of wind is even negative .
There are times when there is an oversupply of electricity .
Often , this is as night , because usage is lower at that time , and base generation is not easily reduced .
Adding wind can provide at night can provide more electricity than is needed .
When there is an over - supply , there is a question of what to do with it .
According to this article , the usual procedure in the past in West Texas was for grid operator to ask the wind farms to reduce production , to balance supply with demand .
The wind farms objected to this procedure , and requested an economic solution .
The solution was negative rates .
Wind farms are now paying for the privilege of dumping the wind - generated electricity on the grid .
This occurred for 23 % of the hours in April .
3 . Wind substitutes not for electricity , but for the fuels that power electrical generation ( coal and natural gas ) .
Chris Namoviz , who is in charge of renewable energy forecasting at the EIA , recently told me the following :
Because of its relatively low “ capacity value ” ( a result of usually not blowing very regularly during peak load hours ) , wind largely competes as a “ fuel saver ” resource , and can generally be compared against the fuel cost of what ever mix of fuel it is displacing ( whether from existing capacity or from alternative investments in future capacity ) .
In the U.S. , this is typically some mix of relatively inexpensive coal and somewhat expensive natural gas , depending on the location of the wind plant , and the resulting seasonal / daily wind and load profiles ( note that nuclear has relatively low operating costs , and typically does not act as a “ marginal ” or price - setting fuel ) .
In gas - dominated regions like Texas , wind is relatively more competitive than in coal - dominated regions like the Mid-west , although recent growth patterns in the U.S. suggest a large role for state and Federal mandates and incentives as well .
The savings in fuel costs will vary .
For 2008 , the average cost of coal for electricity generation , including delivery costs , was $ .022 per kWh , based on a calculation I made using EIA data .
The average cost of delivered natural gas was $ .082 per kWh in 2008 , also based on EIA data .
This year , natural gas prices are way down .
One calculation by Oil Drum reader Steve Piper suggests that at current natural gas prices , the price of natural gas for electrical production may be under $ .030 per kWh .
4. Currently , wind generated electricity , in the absence of subsidies , is much more expensive than the fossil fuels it is replacing .
According to this chart prepared by the Institute for Energy Reserach based on EIA forecasts , the expected levelized cost of wind in 2016 is expected to be about $ .130 per kWh for onshore wind , and about $.220 per kWh for offshore wind .
The amounts are in 2007 dollars , and without subsidies .
I would expect costs of new production begun now would be not too different from this , because EIA is unlikely to be forecasting an increase in costs apart from inflation .
( More likely , they are forecasting that costs will decrease , as we learn better to make wind turbines . )
The problem is that the price of wind is vastly higher than the price of the fuel it is replacing .
With delivered coal and natural gas in the $ .020 to $ .030 range , while the cost of new wind production is $.130 to $.220 per kWh , new wind production is four to ten times as expensive as the cost of the fuel it is replacing .
5 . At this time , it is not entirely clear that we need any new electrical production capacity .
Since mid 2008 , the use of electricity in the US has been decreasing , but electric utilities made plans for new capacity , as if demand would be increasing .
A similar situation is being reported around the world .
It is easy to think that a decrease in oil use could be offset by an increase in electricity use , but a pretty good argument can be also made in the other direction : a reduction in oil use may have such a squeezing impact on the economy , that electricity use declines as well .
If fewer factories are operating , they use less electricity .
If people are moving in with relatives , they use less electricity in the combined quarters .
If they also are replacing light bulbs with CFLs , this reduces electrical use further .
The lack of growth in the use of electricity is another reason that the cost of new wind production is really comparable , at least in the short term , to the cost of the fuels it replaces .
6 . The combination of low selling prices for wind and high cost of generation means that wind is likely to need large subsidies for years in the future .
Wind will be expensive , not just now , but when the price of fuel is several times what it is today .
It is even possible that the price of fuel can completely bring down the economy , before wind - generated electricity becomes competitive with the fuel it replaces .
7 . The cost of wind turbines depends a great deal on the financing available .
Because of the lack of cheap debt , the cost of wind may even be higher than what the EIA is forecasting .
Per hour of electricity generated , the up - front cost of wind is more expensive than the cost of nuclear energy .
The following are approximate cost estimates per hour of annual electricity generated .
These amounts are for 1 kW of generation throughout a year which equals 8,760 kWh :
Nuclear : Costs about 3,000 to 4,000 euros per kW of capacity ; operates at 90 % of capacity ; cost for 1.1 kW capacity would be 3,300 - 4,400 euros Onshore wind : Costs about 1,500 euros per kW of capacity ; operates at 30 % of capacity ; cost for 3.3 kW capacity would be 5,000 euros Offshore wind : Costs about 3,000 euros per kW of capacity ; operates at 40 % of capacity ; cost for 2.5 kW capacity would be 7,500 euros
Financing these big amounts up front will be difficult , if debt financing is less available .
Companies are not likely to want to part with equity for returns of 5 % to 10 % .
8 . There are a lot of reasons that the EROI calculations may be misleadingly high .
Having looked at a few EROI calculations , I can see several issues :
a .
When coal is transformed to electricity , there is a quality factor ( of three to five ) that the amount of energy is multiplied by to reflect the transformation to the higher quality fuel .
In the wind EROI calculations , an " electricity in " -- " electricity out " calculation is used .
I would argue that there should be a step - down factor , to correspond to the fact that the electricity from wind that is generated is of much lower quality than the electricity that went in .
In fact , we are talking using wind - generated electricity as a substitute for coal .
b . There is a great deal of problem with the representations of manufacturers regarding how much wind turbines will generate , as a percentage of capacity , being vastly overstated .
This is the abstract of a paper published this month in Energy Policy :
Capacity factor of wind power realized values vs. estimates
Nicolas Boccard , Departament d’Economia , Universitat de Girona , 17071 Girona , Spain
For two decades now , the capacity factor of wind power measuring the average energy delivered has been assumed in the 30 – 35 % range of the name plate capacity .
Yet , the mean realized value for Europe over the last five years is below 21 % ; accordingly private cost is two - third higher and the reduction of carbon emissions is 40 % less than previously expected .
We document this discrepancy and offer rationalizations that emphasize the long term variations of wind speeds , the behavior of the wind power industry , political interference and the mode of finance .
We conclude with the consequences of the capacity factor miscalculation and some policy recommendations .
c. Wind turbines evaluated in EROI studies are not necessarily representative of what one might find in this country .
For example , if a wind turbine is manufactured in Brazil using electricity generated by burning sugar cane bagasse and by hydroelectric power , the EROI will be very high , because the sources of electricity use little fossil fuel .
This is not representative of wind turbines being manufactured in the United States or Europe , however .
There are other issues as well .
How does one handle the excess generating capacity at night ( and some other times ) , when there is no use for it ?
It seems to me that if all of these issues are sorted out , EROIs for US and European produced wind turbines are likely under 10 , and quite possibly under 5 .
9 . Wind - generated electricity cannot be used on a stand - alone basis to substitute for fossil fuel - generated electricity , without a lot of electrical storage .
Wind on a stand - alone basis does have uses .
It can be used to pump water and probably to make nitrogen fertilizer .
It can also be used to operate desalination plants .
I think some people have the idea in the backs of their minds that if other electrical generation fails , wind can substitute .
This might be the case if a lot of electrical storage is built , and a lot of transmission lines , but I do n't see it to be the case otherwise .
Wind - generated electricity is just too variable .
I do n't think that the electrical transformers could stand having the electricity supply constantly turned on and off for very long .
I am not sure our electrical appliances in homes and businesses would work very well either .
If we really want an idea like this to work , we would need to plan for it very specifically , not just let it fall out accidentally as a by - product .
10 .
If we want to follow the European model , and upgrade the grid and add more storage , wind - generated electricity will act more like other electricity , but it will be a very big undertaking .
In a time of financial difficulty , it will be difficult to do whole job that would be needed .
In many ways , this would be the ideal , but with limited resources , it is not clear that all of these things can be done simultaneously .
If all of these changes were made , one might argue that EROI calculations would not need a step down .
But it seems like some of the energy expenditures related to the additional infrastructure should be charged back to wind in the EROI calculation .
This music - art - mash - up - video features 46 deviations ( drawings , paintings , photographs ) aligned with the lyrics of ' Schizoid Man ' as recorded by john jones .
The talent of these visual artists highlights the musical production and performance by john jones and both reflect a respect and understanding of the song 's creators , King Crimson .
To get the beat - photo - synced , high - quality download , become one of john 's Indigo Members - you can join HERE .
Low Quality Video and Audio
john 's reggage version of this track is so open , it drives the stake of the lyrics deeper into the soul than did perhaps even King Crimson 's original version .
His intrepretation of this track is magnified by the creations of the artists at Deviant Art each accredited below the art - piece .
21st Century Schizoid Man by ChesireC
Indigo Members , get the high quality audio here : 320k MP3 , FLAC
It ’s hard to believe , but the word clitoris did not appear in Playboy magazine until 1968 , in an interview with Masters and Johnson , the famous sex researchers .
Two years earlier , the pair had published “ Human Sexual Response , ” their first book , based on more than 10 years of clinical research .
It was a best seller , and it rattled the culture in much the same way the first Kinsey Report had in 1948 .
Alfred Kinsey compiled his information from surveys .
His work was sociology .
William Masters and Virginia Johnson actually watched people  a lot of people  have sex , with heart monitors and other gizmos attached to their subjects ’ bodies .
Here was science .
Here was raw data that steamed America ’s frozen peas .
“ Human Sexual Response ” was n’t easy or especially titillating reading , Thomas Maier points out in his new book , “ Masters of Sex : The Life and Times of William Masters and Virginia Johnson , the Couple Who Taught America How to Love . ”
Masters and Johnson wanted their work to be taken seriously , and wanted to stay a step ahead of the morality police , so they tended to write in almost comically dense medicalese .
" But it was a shock to hear that the guys we were fighting against supported the same football clubs as us , and maybe even grew up on the same streets as us .
Carlene as she looks now , after using skin lighteners Carlene , 35 , from Kingston , Jamaica , has been " bleaching " her skin for three years .
She uses skin lightening creams which are popular with many Afro-Caribbean , African and Asian people , despite repeated health warnings .
Some of the products contain toxic chemicals , such as hydroquinone , which may cause skin irritation , bleaching , or even infection , when applied in excessive quantities .
In a special joint broadcast by BBC Africa Have Your Say and BBC Caribbean , Carlene explains why she began " rubbing " and the effect it had on her skin .
Your views on skin bleaching I started bleaching my skin about three years ago .
I was trying to bring an even tone .
We live in a tropical country where the sun is always hot .
At some point , your face will become darker than the rest of your body .
I used to wear my pants and my feet were always browner than my body .
Sometimes I would see another girl and think : ' Oh , that 's a nice tone , I would like to have that all in one look . '
' Barbie doll '
On a typical day , when I wake up , I use warm water and hair removing cream to bathe my skin .
Carlene ( R ) with her mum , before skin bleaching
Then I go and rub on my stuff , which is a mix of Bioclear oil with the cream .
I rub it on night and morning .
No matter what hours I came up the road , I love to get my thing on .
Trust me .
If you knew me then and now ...
Some people who knew me before I started bleaching say I messed up myself .
Some people say : ' You look too fake ! '
Some look at me like a Barbie doll because I wear a lot of make up and my face is just so pretty .
After three years bleaching , I have stopped .
The reason is that it gave me stretch marks on my hands and on some parts of my body - like my sides .
I did n't really want to destroy my skin .
But if you ask me : ' Would you still have stopped , if it had n't done any harm ? '
Trust me , no !
Why would I stop ?
Light touch
What 's my advice , for people who never tried it before and think they want a nice tone ?
I rub it on night and morning , no matter what hours I came up the road
I would say , go for something very mild .
Because what is really harsh in the bleaching cream is the hydroquinone .
I used to use a natural bleach without the hydroquinone .
But it was the gel that destroyed my skin .
So for me I would say the gel is a no no .
Carlene , midway through her years of skin bleaching
You can always use something milder .
Am I more more beautiful now ?
Come on , I 'm beautiful whichever way , whether I 'm black or white .
I just love myself , with or without .
It 's just me .
But sometimes in life you go through different phases .
You want a different flavour .
Where I live now , most people , they know me like this .
So when they see my skin goes dark , they say : " You get too black man , you need to start rubbing . "
But people who knew me before would say I should n't bleach .
My mum would say : ' Carlene , why are you doing this to your skin ? '
Because I always had nice skin , growing up .
I had a nice complexion .
But it 's just life - you want to try something new .
Black or brown ?
I had an ex boyfriend , he met me when I was brown .
I asked him at one point : ' Do you prefer me black or brown ? '
He would say : " Any way " .
I wish I could wake up in the morning and look like I did before
But even though he does n't say to me , I know he 's attracted to me in brown .
But I also I had a relationship with someone else , when I was rubbing .
He said he would n't say hi to me again , until I stopped .
So , people prefer different strokes .
A lot of people look at skin browning [ favourably ] .
But honestly , it 's destroying your skin .
Sometimes I lie down at night and wish I could wake up in the morning and just look like I did before this process started .
My advice to people who are thinking of starting , is that you can use something mild .
Even though I 've stopped bleaching , I still use something mild , to maintain my skin tone .
Because if I stop now , I 'm going to look like I 'm poison .
That 's the effect it has on you .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Feist is fantastic .
– John Romero
Some of the best game art I 've seen .
– Destructoid
There 's a purity of vision in its savage scenarios .
Each enemy in this spooky world has a complex AI that takes advantage of the ever shifting landscape .
– Eurogamer
Remarkably tense for a platformer .
The Combat encounters feel like real - life brawls : graceless , messy , and staggeringly violent .
– Pcgamer
It 's easy to feel as though you 're interacting with a live painting rather than a video game .
– Vgchartz
Handmade like an Aston Martin , imagined as art , loved as a child .
Feist almost never reveals itself as a game while you ’re playing it , which is an absolute triumph today .
– Clickindie
# 895141 +( 2105 ) - [ X ]
Connor : Firefox 3.5 . Download it .
Andrew : Give me the top 5 reasons to download it .
True :
In iambic pentameter
Connor :
For private browsing , tear - off tabs and then some ,
Connor : Download Firefox three point five and see :
Connor :
It 's using Gecko one point nine point one ,
Connor :
And over twice as fast as Firefox three .
Connor : Pwned .
TOUR DE FRANCE
Date : 4 July - 26 July
Coverage : BBC Sport website : text commentary of each stage and streamed BBC commentary of the last 90 minutes of each stage available ; commentary on selected stages on BBC 5 Live sports extra
Leipheimer 's absence will be a blow to friend and team - mate Lance Armstrong
Astana rider Levi Leipheimer has been forced to pull out of the Tour de France with a fractured wrist .
The American , who was fourth overall , crashed at the end of Thursday 's stage .
A statement on the team website said he would not be able to start Friday 's stage because of a " transverse fracture of the right scaphoid ( in wrist ) . "
Leipheimer is a team - mate and close friend of Lance Armstrong , who has admitted to " tensions " with Astana colleague and rival Alberto Contador .
Seven - times
Tour winner Armstrong said Leipheimer would be sorely missed .
606 : DEBATE
" He was one of the leaders of the team .
It has a big impact on the team , " said the 37 - year - old .
" We are still in solid contention for the race , but it can't help but have an effect .
" He is a friend of mine , it makes it even more unfortunate but we have to move on and focus on what we have . "
Arabic - speakers as well as black Africans back his bid for power , attracted by his promise of building democracy after years of economic stagnation under military misrule and a chaotic series of coups .
He is regarded as the candidate with the best chance of ending conflict between the black majority and the Berber ruling elite .
Slave - holding has been abolished three times , first by the country 's former French overlords and then twice by different rulers of the independent state , most recently in 2007 .
But the law has never been enforced and no slave owner has ever been prosecuted .
In this June 17 , 2009 photo , flat panel lights are displayed at a Philips plant in Aachen , Germany .
In the future , our homes may be lighted not by bulbs , but by light emanating in natural colors from luminous walls , windows and ceilings .
( AP Photo / Ermindo Armino )
( AP ) -- Someday , our ceilings and walls might radiate light , illuminating indoor spaces as brightly and evenly as natural daylight .
Though that possibility remains years off , the Dutch electronics company Philips is letting people tinker with the technology that would enable it .
The world 's biggest lighting maker has begun selling do - it - yourself kits with little glowing wafers called " Lumiblades . "
They come in red , white , blue or green for anyone who wants to pay nearly $ 100 per square inch .
It 's one of the first chances people outside research labs have had to get their hands on lights made from organic light emitting diodes , or OLEDs .
The company 's aim is to get designers , architects and other creative types thinking about how these flat lights can be used , and to start collaborating on early products .
General Electric Co. , Siemens AG and Royal Philips Electronics NV , which are developing OLEDs , believe the technology will eventually be more efficient than traditional incandescent bulbs , energy - saving compact fluorescent lights and even the LED lights just now reaching the market .
OLEDs have a key advantage :
They emit light evenly from a whole surface , rather than a single point .
That eliminates the need for lampshades and other coverings that scatter light and protect eyes from glare .
Creating light and then immediately shading it is an inefficient way of doing things , from an engineering standpoint .
For now , the Lumiblades are just small , flat lights - interesting in and of themselves .
" We believe that OLEDs have a lot to offer in terms of design , in terms of its beauty , in terms of light effects , " said Dietrich Bertram , who heads Philips ' OLED operations in Aachen , just across the border from Philips ' home country , the Netherlands .
More than 100 of the Lumiblades kits have been sold since Philips began offering them in April , the company says .
Buyers are mostly using them for prototyping , and plan to order larger numbers of customized OLEDs when they are ready to go to production .
Random International , a trio of London - based artists , used 1,024 Lumiblades to make an art installation called " You Fade to Light . "
As people walk past the structure , which is 2.7 meters ( 9 feet ) wide by 1.3 meters ( 4.25 feet ) high , a camera and computer turn off the lights on panels opposite the passers - by , mimicking their motion , like a giant monitor .
" Having worked with the OLEDs , I see it as far more of a material than a light source , " said Hannes Kochs , one of the installation 's designers .
The diffuse light cast by the OLED panels makes them " stunning , and utterly different " from other kinds of light , he said .
Lumiblades run from about 70 euros ( $ 100 ) for a small square to 500 euros ( $ 700 ) for a piece the size of a mobile phone .
The bigger the piece , the brighter it is .
When switched off , Lumiblades resemble small mirrors , with an aluminum backing inside two glass plates .
When switched on , a microscopic layer of organic material inside begins to emit light , and the Lumiblade glows .
Only the faintest hint of warmth is perceptible .
This technology is early stage .
Philips is n't trying to win prizes for presentation of the kits , which are sold online and come only with a simple wire .
( The Lumiblades have to be plugged in , though battery - powered OLEDs are possible . )
" All the contents of this experience kit are engineering samples only and do not comply with existing lighting and safety norms , " a manual included in the box says .
The company recommends buying a converter box and dimmers for an additional 70 euros to make sure users do n't " overdrive " their panels .
OLEDs have no bulb to blow , but cranking up the juice makes the lights burn brighter , and then wear out quicker .
When used at recommended currents , the lights in the kit are designed to last for 10,000 hours , at which point they will have faded to half of their original brightness .
That compares with a life span of 1,000 hours for an incandescent bulb , and is about the same as the current generation of compact fluorescent lights .
The company says it sees interest from artists , architects , jewelers and some industrial applications where very even lighting is necessary .
Separately , Philips and other companies are working with vehicle makers on using OLEDs in display panels , where their thinness and coolness would be valuable .
TVs with OLED - based displays are also starting to emerge .
Philips eventually hopes to market window panes that are transparent during the day and emit light at night .
Similarly , GE , which is developing cheap , flexible OLEDs encased in plastic , imagines a rollable , light - emitting window blind .
Bertram says his personal dream has been the same since he started working on OLEDs many years ago : " I really want to see the sun rise on my ceiling , even if it 's dark and rainy outside . "
---
On the Net :
Lumiblade site : http://tinyurl.com/dkmn4y
©2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Explore further High - brightness breakthrough
There is nothing more powerful than an idea , and nothing more potentially harmful than a false idea that everyone “ knows ” is true and therefore does not question .
“ Natural ” remedies are now a multi-billion dollar industry , and it ’s not just independent startups but the supplement industry and even pharmaceutical companies are cashing in on the marketing appeal of the word “ natural ” .
The Natural Myth
It is difficult to find a health food product that does not have the word “ natural ” incorporated into its name , its product labeling , or even the name of the company that manufactured it .
Even many common supermarket products will proudly proclaim that they have all natural ingredients .
Everyone knows that natural is better than , well , not natural .
The problem is , no one can give a good working definition of what natural means .
Because of this problem with definition , there is no regulation of the use of the word “ natural ” in product labeling or advertisement .
Any company can therefore call any of their products natural without fear of liability for false advertising .
Health food companies are happy with this vagueness of terminology , because they can use the term natural to give their products a mythical sense of goodness without making specific claims .
Some will define natural as unprocessed or unaltered .
Therefore , a leaf or root or fruit which is consumed without altering it from its harvested form is natural .
The difficulty with this definition is that almost all products , whether food , supplement , or medicine , undergo some processing , so where can we objectively draw the line ?
If you process apples into apple juice , is that apple juice natural ?
What about wheat into bread , leaves into tea , or coffee beans into coffee ?
You may try to distinguish mere food preparation from processing , but you will find that again there is no clear line .
The concept of processing can be broken down into its different components , such as pulverizing , boiling , leaching , mixing , separating , purifying , etc .
All of these processes are used in what we would consider simply cooking , but they are also the components of processing plants into tablets which are then marketed as pharmaceuticals .
If you then abandon the concept of natural meaning unprocessed as not useful and hopelessly confusing , you may alternatively define natural to mean occurring in nature .
Here one runs into similar problems , however .
The elements out of which all substances are made are , of course , all naturally occurring , therefore it is only meaningful to talk about molecules as natural or artificial .
If a molecular substance is purified from among the hundreds which can be found in a particular plant , such as caffeine from coffee beans , is that substance no longer natural ?
What if it is minimally altered , just adding a couple of atoms to the molecular structure so that it is more easily absorbed into the body , but its biological activity is otherwise unchanged ?
What about combining two naturally occurring substances together to form a third novel compound ?
Such processes occur when boiling leaves to make a “ natural ” herbal tea .
Beyond the difficulty with definition , there is also no compelling reason to think that molecules which occur in nature have any advantage for human wellness over those which are the product of human ingenuity .
Most substances naturally occurring in plants , for example , are deadly poisons or will at least make you very sick .
Plants contain hundreds of substances ; some have minimal biological activity , some are just food .
Others have pharmacological effects which are potentially useful if used correctly .
Many others contain substances which are toxic to humans even in minute doses , such as arsenic , hemlock , and alkaloid poisons .
The substances that can be found in nature are primarily a product of chance , the vagaries of evolution .
Plants evolve only to be more successful at surviving in their current environment , not for the benefit of one egocentric mammalian species .
They have not been fine - tuned by nature to be good medicines or anything else .
Fruit , for example , exists only as a bribe to compel animals into spreading seeds , which is the fruit ’s real purpose .
The chemical substances that are currently represented in plant or animal biochemistry are therefore purely a result of random chance , not any design serving humans .
There is therefore no logical reason to believe that “ natural , ” by any definition , is better .
Further , there is no difference in the chemical activity or any properties of a molecule which is extracted from a plant , or a molecule with the same structure that was created in a chemical laboratory atom by atom .
There is no experiment that can be conducted , biological or otherwise , to distinguish these two substances , because their properties are solely determined by their chemical structure , not their derivation .
Therefore , the concept of natural is not a very useful one .
It is both difficult to define precisely and , when closely examined , of no real intrinsic value .
And yet , it is cited as the greatest single virtue of many alternative therapies .
The psychological appeal , however , is obvious .
There is a general fear in our culture of technology gone out of control .
Toxins and “ chemicals ” in our environment are blamed almost abstractly for many of our current ills , often without any supporting evidence .
Industrial pollutants darken our skies , acidify our rain , poison our waters , and threaten our health .
It is no wonder that the idea of getting back to pure nature is so appealing to so many .
Herbs are drugs
Herbal remedies are enjoying an immense upsurge in popularity .
Sales of St. Johns Wort ( hypericum ) , an herb used to treat depression , now exceed those of Prozac in Germany , where the herb is chiefly produced .
Its use is now also growing in the U.S. , and it has received nothing but good press from the media .
It is claimed , without clinical evidence , that the herb works as well as Prozac and other drugs marketed for depression but without the side effects .
How is this possible ?
Because it is all - natural , we are told .
The distinction , however , between medicinal herbs and drugs is a false one .
A drug is simply defined as any substance which has a physiological effect on the body other than its pure nutritional value .
Caffeine is a drug , and so is alcohol .
The term drug , however , has taken on a negative connotation , partly because of the recent war on illegal recreational drug use .
The health food industry has exploited and increased this negative connotation .
They have then offered their herbal remedies as an alternative to drugs .
But any herb that has a medicinal effect is , by definition , a drug .
Many of the pharmaceuticals currently in use by mainstream physicians are substances which are found in plants , or are derivatives of plant substances .
Their chemical structure has been identified and analyzed , and every property of the drug that can be known has been investigated .
This includes how and where it is absorbed into the system , how long it hangs around ( a property called its half - life ) , where it goes , how it is stored , where and how it is metabolized , and how it is excreted .
Also , as much as can be learned about the precise mechanism of action of the substance is investigated , including what tissues it affects , what receptors it binds to , what the side effects are , the signs of toxicity , and how much of the drug would be fatal .
This kind of information is obtained in experiments which are called preclinical ( or animal - based ) and phase I and phase II clinical ( or human - based ) trials .
At this point , the work is just beginning , however .
For now a phase III clinical trial must be completed , involving many patients in a double - blind placebo - controlled format to determine if the drug is safe and effective .
If this is proven to the FDA ’s satisfaction , the drug can then be marketed .
Physicians can then prescribe the drugs , and they will have enough information to know exactly what dose to give their patients , what the resulting blood levels will be , how long the effect will last , what the interaction with other drugs will be , what beneficial physiological effect to expect , and what to look out for in terms of side effects .
Someone taking an herb for its alleged medicinal benefits , however , does not have any of this information .
The active ingredient , if there is one , is mixed together with many other chemicals , many of which are undesirable .
It is impossible to regulate dosing , for there will be tremendous variability from plant to plant , region to region , and season to season , in the exact constitution of the herb .
And finally , the effects , toxicity , and other properties of the herb have not been studied in any controlled fashion .
This is the worst kind of medicine .
Even in the best case scenario , if an herb exists with an active ingredient that has a desired effect with little side effects , this is no guarantee that it will be used properly .
Drugs are only useful when they are combined with clinical knowledge and experience so that they can be used intelligently and with understanding .
Herbal medicinals , like hypericum , are drugs .
Some have already been incorporated into mainstream medicine .
Others have potential and should be studied properly .
The practice of herbal medicine , however , is imprecise , unscientific , and sloppy .
It is far more likely to cause harm than good .
It is a multi-billion dollar industry , however , that has managed to evade FDA regulation , primarily because of political support due to the popular mystique of “ natural ” medicine .
In the last decade many popular herbal remedies have been tested in large clinical trials .
They have not fared well .
Hypericum for depression , echinacea for colds , ginkgo biloba for memory , and saw palmetto for enlarged prostate had no effect .
If they were actually regulated like drugs , they could not get approval .
Ancient Wisdom
Another popular claim of many alternative remedies is that they are based upon ancient knowledge .
The popularity of the idea that an earlier golden era had greater wisdom than our current age is a certain sign of discontent and decline .
It is another manifestation of a lack of faith in modern technology to solve the world ”s problems .
A hundred years ago , the industrial revolution promised to bring about a modern Utopia .
This optimism , however , was premature , and today , as a society , we have a much more realistic idea of what technology can and cannot do , and what the costs of technology are .
Humans , however , tend to be diehard optimists .
If technology has not delivered all we desire , then some will turn to another solution upon which to place their hopes .
This is at least one factor in the current popularity of New Age philosophies .
Many New
Age gurus have turned to Eastern philosophy and ancient ideas , claiming that modern Western science does not have all the answers .
Traditional Chinese Medicine ( TCM ) and Ayurveda are two alternative medicine beneficiaries of this trend .
Interestingly , there are those practitioners who even try to have it both ways .
Despite the current fad of antirationalism , science still is a greatly respected institution in our culture .
Its many successes cannot be denied .
A new advertising strategy for alternative therapies is to claim that they are the coming together of ancient wisdom and modern science – the best of both worlds .
This claim , however , is just another myth .
Ancient philosophies of medicine suffer from the fact that they were formulated at a time when virtually nothing was known about human anatomy or physiology , when the fields of genetics , biochemistry , and infectious disease did not even exist .
One to three thousand years ago , when TCM and Ayurveda were born , it was not known that the brain was the seat of intelligence , that the heart pumped blood , and no one had any idea what the liver did .
It was not even known that specific diseases existed , with their own signs and symptoms , causes , cures , and natural history .
People were thought to suffer from their own personal and unique maladies .
Medical systems at this time were based upon philosophies , not science or evidence .
Most of the philosophies were based upon spiritual or magical notions , such as the idea of Chi or life force central to TCM .
Disease , they believed , was caused by imbalances or blockage of flow in these mystical forces .
Equally mystical and fanciful methods , such as acupuncture , were invented to restore balance or unblock flow .
The chance of any of these systems developing any truly useful therapies is very close to zero .
And yet proponents of these alternative practices will claim that the fact that they have survived and have been used for so many thousand years is testimony to their success .
How could they have survived if they do not work , they argue .
But history shows us that this claim is false .
The humoral theory of disease , for example , dominated Western medicine for three thousand years .
Until the advent of modern scientific medicine , Western doctors diagnosed imbalances in the four humors : blood , phlegm , green bile , and black bile .
They treated these imbalances with emetics , cathartics , and blood letting .
The utter failure of their treatments did not blunt their acceptance .
The only reason why the humoral theory is now dead is because its practitioners in the West changed from philosophy - based medicine to science - based medicine .
No one would advocate a return to the practice of blood letting for the treatment of fevers , but this is equivalent to advocating a return to other outdated philosophies of medicine , such as TCM and Ayurveda .
Finally , let us remember that 100 years of science - based medicine has doubled the human life expectancy from 40 to nearly 80 years .
No philosophy - based medicine can make that claim .
Three thousand years of TCM , Ayurveda , and the humoral theory added not a single day of human life .
Health Care Freedom of Choice
Freedom is a cherished virtue , especially in America , the self - proclaimed modern defenders of democracy and freedom .
Cries for freedom , therefore , always command our attention and sympathy .
Defenders of unscientific medicine have used this fact to their advantage , attempting to portray their battle for acceptance as a fight for freedom .
The same defense was used earlier in this century when the creation of the FDA threatened to put Mom and Pop snake oil producers out of business .
Fortunately for the American public , it did .
Making the debate about freedom of choice , however , is a deliberate misdirection .
Mainstream physicians are strong supporters of patient ”s rights , including their freedom to choose their health care providers , and to make all decisions regarding their care .
There are those , however , who would try to confuse this freedom with the freedom of charlatans to practice fraud .
No one should be free to present themselves as competent clinicians when they are not , or to offer the public remedies that have not met minimal standards of safety and effectiveness .
Still , defenders will argue that patients can read the labels , examine the evidence , and make informed decisions for themselves about alternative or any health care options .
This is simply not realistic , however .
Patients cannot and should not be expected to have a medical education in order to protect themselves from potentially harmful or useless treatments .
Just as drivers should not be expected to be mechanics in order to ensure that their cars are safe , or engineers in order to ensure that the bridges they drive over will not collapse .
There is a system in place to ensure that medications , procedures , and devices are safe and effective .
There are standards of care and practice guidelines which are based on the best scientific evidence available .
Alternative practitioners , however , want to bypass this system in the name of freedom .
What they are really defending , however , is their own freedom – their freedom to practice medicine without proper training and without the burden of doing the hard work and careful thinking necessary to practice the best medicine currently possible , or even to ensure that they are not doing more harm than good .
The health care freedom movement is really about eliminating the standard of care in order to promote treatments that cannot meet a reasonable standard .
Conclusion
Culture has inertia , and unfortunately the “ natural ” myth has become deeply embedded in our culture .
Even a century ago the word “ natural ” was used to sell useless or even harmful nostrums to the public .
But on close inspection it is nothing more than a modern mythology , a comforting lie .
SAN FRANCISCO , July 12 ( UPI ) -- Linda the penguin has split up two male penguins who lived as a nesting couple for six years at the San Francisco Zoo , caretakers said .
Male penguins Harry and Pepper had been so content together they were allowed to incubate and hatch an egg laid by another Magellanic penguin last year , zookeeper Anthony Brown said .
Advertisement
" Of all of the parents that year , they were the best .
They took very good care of their chick , " Brown told the San Francisco Examiner in a story published Saturday .
Enter the widow Linda , who began courting Harry in her partner 's old burrow shortly after his death this past winter , Brown said .
" To be completely anthropomorphizing , Linda seems conniving , " Brown said .
" She 's got her plan .
I do n't think she was wanting to be a single girl for too long . "
Though Harry and Linda have been nesting in recent months , molting season in late summer tends to reshuffle couples , KTVU - TV reported Sunday .
" It 'll be interesting to see if Harry spends any of that time with Pepper , " Brown said .
" We 'll have to wait and see . "
I have a confession to make .
One piece of the Pragmatic Programmer 's advice that I often echo to other programmers is to learn a new programming language every year .
Well , 2007 is done , and I let it go by without learning a new language .
It 's time to correct that , so I 've decided to really dive into Haskell .
Why Haskell ?
I 'm not deluded enough to think that I 'm going to be using it any time soon ( if at all ) in my day - to - day work .
In fact , I 'm skeptical that it will be useful even for my after - hours projects .
However , I do n't think that any other language can currently be more effective at teaching me general programming concepts .
Here are some of the concepts I 'm hoping to grok by learning Haskell :
lazy evaluation
monads ( and more general category theory )
software transactional memory
My approach to learning Haskell
My main resources for learning Haskell are guides I 've found on the web .
Haskell for C Programmers looks like it will give me a decent overview , and from there , I expect to jump to A Gentle Introduction to Haskell .
About a year ago , I read a little gem of a book called Purely Functional Data Structures .
While that book uses Standard ML for its examples , it provides Haskell examples in the back .
I also intend to work through the tutorial " Write Yourself a Scheme in 48 hours " , which shows you how to implement a subset of Scheme in Haskell .
To be honest , I expect to have less difficulty learning the language itself than figuring out how to get anything done with it - learning what libraries are available and how to use them , learning how to best setup my environment for rapid development , figuring out the best way to deploy a Haskell application , etc .
In my experience , these things are the toughest aspects of moving to a less - mainstream language .
For example , even if you can find a library that does what you need , if it is not well - documented , you 'll have difficulties finding usage examples on the web .
And because it 's less - used , libraries are more likely to be buggy or incomplete .
And frankly , learning this stuff is a lot less fun than learning a language itself , so it seems to be even more effort than it really is .
As a starting point , I 'm lucky that Paul Brown has just done the same thing ( rewrite his blog in Haskell ) and has some useful writings about the process .
My first steps have been to get FastCGI working with Haskell , and that was pretty straightforward , thanks to Paul 's post on the subject .
My approach to implementing the blog
At this point , I plan to use lighttpd with FastCGI for the web portion .
I 'm familiar with both from the time when they were your best bet for deploying Rails applications .
I 'm not sure what I 'm going to do about the stuff a web framework typically gives you ( URL routing , reponse templates , etc. ) .
I 'm just writing a blog here , so I do n't need anything fancy , and I 'm not too concerned .
I 'm also not sure what I 'm going to do about persistence , but I 'm pretty sure I 'm not going to use a relational database .
Getting Haskell to talk to a database seems to be a tripping point for plenty of people who have tried what I 'm attempted , and I do n't see the relational model as being appropriate for a publishing system anyway .
I 'm toying with the idea of using CouchDB for persistence , since I think JSon is an appropriate data format for exporting my current data , and getting Haskell to talk to CouchDB should be straightforward since I 'm sure there 's a decent HTTP client library available .
However , it may be more appropriate to just use the filesystem ( which is what Paul did ) .
We 'll see .
Whatever I do , I intend to blog my progress , there seems to be a growing interest in Haskell along with a scarcity of practical guides to getting started .
When I hit a roadblock that takes me hours to get past , knowing that I could save someone else the same frustration will make it more tolerable ( I hope ) .
Updates will be slow , though , since this undertaking is competing with at least 2 other projects for my after - hours time .
I 'm looking forward to it - from what I 've seen of the language so far , it possesses a beauty that surpasses even Ruby .
I can't wait to see if it still looks beautiful after trying to actually use it .
[ YouTube ]
Nico Pitney of The Huffington Post asks " Under which conditions would you accept the election of Ahmadinejad , and if you do accept it without any significant changes in the conditions there , is n't that a betrayal of what the demonstrators there are working towards ? "
Obama 's response :
Well look , we did n't have international observers on the ground , we can't say definitively what exactly happened at polling places throughout the country .
What we know is that a sizeable percentage of the Iranian people themselves , spanning Iranian society , considered this election illegitimate .
It 's not an isolated instance , a little grumbling here or there .
There [ are ] significant questions about the legitimacy of the election .
And so ultimately , the most important thing for the Iranian government to consider is legitimacy in the eyes of its own people , not in the eyes of the United States .
And that 's why I 've been very clear , ultimately this is up to the Iranian people to decide who their leadership is going to be and the structure of their government .
What we can do is to say unequivocally that there are sets of international norms and principles about violence , about dealing with peaceful dissent , that spans cultures , spans borders , and what we 've been seeing over the Internet and what we 've been seeing in news reports , violates those norms and violates those principles .
I think it is not too late for the Iranian government to recognize that there is a peaceful path that will lead to stability and legitimacy and prosperity for the Iranian people .
We hope they take it .
UPDATE : John Amato sez :
Awww , the Politico and the Villagers are upset at the White House because Nico was singled out and asked a question about a subject that they all missed : Iran .
Not that they did n't know the story , but that they did n't know how to cover it , since Iran was blocking as much info as it could get away with .
I think it 's exciting that the Obama Administration knew what Nico was doing -- and by the way , major props go to Nico for doing an incredible job , because he knew what to do before the Villagers did .
Iran Updates ( VIDEO ) : Live - Blogging The Uprising
The traditional media never wants to recognize excellent work except when it comes from their own .
How many times have we heard Chris Matthews call Chuck Todd a genius ?
Why is Chuck Todd a miracle worker ?
Before he was the anointed one , he was crunching election numbers for the presidential primary .
Anyway , Michael Calderone was n't too happy that Nico got called on by the White House .
And by the way , Nicco 's question was one of the toughest to answer , but the substance of what happened did n't matter to them .
To Villagers everywhere , Nico cut in line .
Here 's what Greg Sargent wrote :
Some reporters and right wing bloggers are accusing the White House of “ coordinating ” a question with The Huffington Post at today ’s press conference , suggesting this shows the White House cozying up to a lefty news outlet .
Actually , the White House did n’t have to coordinate with HuffPo to know what Nico Pitney was going to ask , since he wrote this the day before the presser : Tomorrow , President Obama is holding a news conference at the White House and I ’ll be attending .
If I get called , I want to ask a question that comes directly from an Iranian .
Emptywheel writes : Politico : “ Oh Noes !
The Best Reporter on a Subject Got Called on !!! ”
Right on schedule , Taser 's launching the TASER X3 " force option , " which allows " peace officers " the ability to shoot up to three probes in quick succession in order to " incapacitate " their " targets . "
Not only that , but the X3 can display a " warning arc " when loaded , allowing officers to " gain voluntary compliance " and " avert use - of - force " by putting on a light show .
When it comes time to take down that unruly Trustafarian , however , it 'll get done with style -- the probes are aimed with laser sights , and the new Pulse Calibration System actively monitors the perp to deliver a Precision Shaped Pulse ( TM ) that provides " consistent effects . "
Yeah , we want one .
Video after the break .
Our guest blogger , Kathryn Bradt , is one - half of the duo behind the Dames in Debt blog .
The Dames are sisters working off their combined $ 250,000 worth of student loans and consumer debt while keeping it real about the struggles of being twenty - somethings in expensive cities with limited funds .
Credit cards … love them or hate them , these little pieces of plastic ( now featuring the “ new ” technology that is a slow - as - molasses electronic chip ) are a frequent part of our daily lives .
With the exception of food truck purchases , I ca n’t remember the last real transaction I made in cash , and with the advent of credit card rewards programs , I ca n’t remember the last time I used my debit card instead of my credit card .
That is , until December 26 , 2015 , when I officially kicked off my “ You desperately need to stop paying $ 150 in interest each month ” credit card repayment plan .
How I Got into Debt
I did n’t get into credit card debt because of a lot of frivolous spending .
Sure , there were a couple major clothes purchases that were probably unnecessary ( or wholly unnecessary ) , but most of my debt was accrued paying for living expenses .
Over three years of law school and a summer of studying for the bar exam , I put nearly all of my living expenses onto that sad Visa whenever my student loan refund ran out – about 9 months ’ worth of living expenses .
How much debt does 9 months of living expenses , a couple clothing splurges , a lot of stress - induced fast - food , and a 14.9 % APR interest rate total ?
$ 14,055.92 .
Ouch .
After passing the bar in October 2015 , I found a full - time lawyer job as an Assistant Public Defender ( my dream job ! ) , and I knew it was time to end my relationship with credit card debt .
Setting Up a Plan with Mint
Being a longtime Mint user , I knew I could use the Goals feature and loan calculator to help me pay off this debt .
In the past , I ’d set many savings goals and had great success with them , so I figured a debt repayment goal would be just as helpful .
Since my account was linked , Mint easily tallied the debt total , interest rate , and the minimum payment – and actually showed me that if I continued to make only minimum payments , I would end up spending 18.5 years in debt and $ 23,000 in interest .
Super depressing .
After accepting my new job , I tweaked my Mint budget to account for my new income , updated my savings goals ( emergency fund , anyone ? ) , and established my new fiscally - responsible “ fun ” and eating out funds .
After doing this , I saw that I had enough left over to make monthly payments that were 4 x bigger than the minimum payment !
With my payment calculated and my goal set , I automated my monthly payments , and BOOM !
I ’m going to be credit card debt free by July 2017 .
Making Progress
With Mint , I ’ve been able to create a plan that ’s doable .
I was able to see what it would take to pay off my debt in 12 months versus 24 months , and I think it ’s important to see those differences and what you would be giving up to get there , or spend in interest , as the case may be .
I picked a payment that I know I can make each month , but also gives me room to maybe add some extra money here and there .
And the best part ?
Each time I make one of those extra payments , Mint automatically updates my goal completion date for me .
Life ’s looking up now that I have my credit card debt under control .
As a public interest attorney ( read : not the kind of lawyer that makes six figures ) , I have made peace with my student loans hanging around a bit longer , but that credit card debt ?
It needed to go .
Now , I ’m on a 15 - month journey to high - interest - debt - freedom , and I could n’t be happier .
I ’ve got big plans for that money once I ’m done paying off the credit card … retirement savings !
Quick Tips
If you ’ve got a lot of credit card debt , there are definitely some things I recommend doing to fast - track your debt repayment .
Here are some tips to get you started :
Track all of your transactions with Mint and make sure they are categorized correctly .
The trend charts will really show you where you can ( and must ! ) spend less money in order to pay down your debt .
Add a monthly budget to cover your interest payment each month , that way you can account for how much of your monthly payment is really going to paying down your debt .
Stop using credit cards to float cash !
Seriously .
Learn to live within your means .
If you just ca n’t make it work , then it ’s time to pick up another job .
I kept my part - time jobs for the first few months of having my new , full - time job to help transition my finances .
Make your monthly payments ( or automate ! ) the day after your paycheck deposits , that way you do n’t have the opportunity to spend that money on something other than debt .
When making more room in your budget to contribute to your debt , start with your take - out food budget and monthly memberships ( gym , cable , phone , massages , etc. ) .
These are the easiest to lower or eliminate without feeling like you ca n’t have any fun .
It never hurts to call your credit card company and ask about lowering your interest rate .
My company lowered mine 0.9 % to an even 14.0 % APR – all because I called and asked them about it !
Every little bit helps when paying down high - interest debt .
Kathryn Bradt is an Assistant Public Defender in Richmond , VA .
When not in the courtroom , she writes about personal finance , life , and her addiction to procedural cop dramas as the East Coast Dame .
Representing both coasts of the United States of Indebtedness , the Dames blog about millennial budgeting , saving money without feeling deprived , and how to live first - class on coach funds .
Related
Estoy de acuerdo con las condiciones del servicios y todas las políticas que se recogen a pié de página
Registro
The nuclear energy revival is so far proceeding slowly , but the reactor models that utilities around the country are now contemplating are about to gain a competitor .
Babcock & Wilcox , a large construction and energy development company , has scheduled a “ major commercial nuclear power product announcement ” for Wednesday .
Two nuclear industry experts said it was a reactor , albeit one that is different from those currently on the market .
Reactor designs in the 1960s and 1970s — the period when today ’s reactors were ordered — tended to grow larger and larger .
And the four large reactor projects now widely touted as ripe for orders are even bigger .
The new reactor , in contrast , will be “ modular , ” meaning relatively small and probably mostly built in a distant factory rather than on site , a technique that could be faster and cheaper — and one that requires a smaller bet by the buyer .
Additional modules could be added fairly quickly , as demand developed — addressing one of the disadvantages of reactors now on the market : extended construction times that can take years , requiring the buyer to predict electricity demand far into the future .
The idea of small reactors seemed promising in the 1990s .
Westinghouse decided that one reason for the drought of orders in that decade was that reactors were too big for the lower - growth environment of the era .
It designed a 600 - megawatt model intended to be faster and simpler than those finished in the 1980s , and also , only about two - thirds as large .
But it had no orders , so it redesigned the new model as an 1,100 - megawatt reactor .
Some experts have predicted that a smaller reactor would be a good choice for third - world countries .
Big reactors can only be installed on big grids ; otherwise , each unscheduled reactor shutdown means a blackout .
But so far , reactors of any size have not sold well in the third world .
In the United States , most builders think big reactors have more output per worker , and lower capital costs per unit capacity .
And security costs , which were high even before the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , are higher now , and do not vary much according to reactor size .
Three or four decades ago , Babcock & Wilcox sold reactor models roughly on the same scale as its competitors .
But now , as Westinghouse , General Electric , Hitachi and Areva push toward ever larger units , Babcock appears to be cutting its own path .
The announcement Wednesday is to expected to be made jointly with the Tennessee Valley Authority and the Nuclear Energy Institute , an industry trade group .
After Barack Obama got elected and we did n't have to deal with George Bush any more , I honestly thought that I could finally relax and take a holiday from intense vexation and frustration with our government -- but no .
I 'm still fighting mad .
I 'm still pissed off enough to chew nails .
And I 'm still out for blood .
And it 's still High Noon during America 's battle for representative government .
And as Markos Moulitsus Zuniga once said , " You do n't bring a spork to a gunfight . "
Trust me , I won't .
According to the Baltimore Chronicle , Senator Max Baucus of Montana has received almost two million dollars from healthcare lobbyists alone -- $ 1,826,652 to be exact .
I could live like a princess for the rest of my life on that amount !
" Corporate health profiteers who invested in Baucus will now benefit from his stewardship over health care reform , " stated the Chronicle .
" His 2008 donations from health care profiteers included : Insurance : $ 592,185 ; Health Professionals : $ 537,141 ; Pharmaceuticals / Health Products : $ 524,813 ; Health Services / HMOs : $ 364,500 ; Hospitals / Nursing Homes : $ 332,826 .
That is $ 1,826,652 Baucus took from these industries . "
With almost two million dollars stuffed into his back pocket and screaming for him to represent the interests of the so - called healthcare industry , why would Max Baucus chose to represent us just plain Americans instead ?
I 'll tell you why .
That man took an oath !
When Max Baucus was sworn into office as a senator , he made a solemn promise that he would " well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter :
So help me God . "
And what exactly are these duties , Max ?
To represent interests of the people who voted for you !
You promised !
And now you have broken you promise and ditched America at the altar .
That 's called " Breach of Promise , " Max .
And that is an actionable offense .
Apparently Senator Baucus has used his position in Congress to kill any hope of American citizens receiving a decent healthcare delivery plan .
This man has sold out .
" Hitched or Ditched ? "
This man has become America 's runaway groom .
Upon his induction into the Senate , Baucus promised to represent the people who elected him .
He has n't .
He promised us .
" So help me God . "
But he sold his soul to the devil instead .
And I want this man impeached -- if not jailed .
I want to send a very clear message out to Senator Max Baucus -- and to EVERY member of Congress , and to the President too .
" You either start representing the people who elected you or else face grave consequences . "
If you break your promise to us , you are gonna be in a whole bunch of trouble -- much worse trouble than you would be in if you did n't have a back pocket stuffed with cash .
Americans shoulda sent this message to George W. Bush back in 2001 when he did n't sign the Kyoto Agreement to help prevent global warming , when he failed miserably to protect us on 9 - 11 and when he first began selling America off to lobbyists -- chunk by chunk .
But it 's still not too late to get the message across to Senator Baucus !
My neighbor 's little girl has no healthcare .
Her parents are in that inconvenient tax bracket where they have too much income to qualify for Medi-Cal but not enough income to pay for the health insurance that Max 's friends are offering .
If , heaven forbid , anything happens to this sweet little girl because Senator Baucus blocked single - payer healthcare , I will hold that man personally responsible .
Max Baucus broke his promise .
Max Baucus left America at the altar while he ran off with healthcare insurance companies , Big Pharma and other K Street whores .
This makes me angry .
This makes me fierce .
I want that man out of the Senate .
I want that man in jail .
I want every uninsured man , woman and child in America to join me in an impeachment campaign against Baucus .
And I want him to feel the sting of a class - action lawsuit generated by every single person in America who has ever suffered illness and harm because they were turned down for healthcare by Baucus ' friends .
Given the $ 1,826,652
Baucus has already received from the so - called healthcare industry , the settlement amount would probably only come out to one dollar per person , and that 's not much compensation for the world of pain Americans have suffered and will suffer because of his " Breach of Promise " -- but it would make ME feel a whole lot better .
Please call Senator Baucus 's office in Washington DC right now .
His phone number is 202- 224 - 2651 .
Let 's make Max Baucus accountable for breaking his oath .
And , according to my friend Jerry , Senator Baucus is already getting into deep trouble with the citizens who elected him .
" Senator Baucus just got slammed by the folks back home in Montana during a series of Town Hall meetings that he ran .
He got so spooked by the people that he sent staff out there to cover his [ bottom ] . "
Yeah .
PS : As long as I 'm venting , here 's another thing that truly pisses me off !
After June 30 , 2009 , the State of California will no longer fund acupuncture with Medi-Cal .
That 's totally whacked !
Last winter , drug companies charged $ 1,600 for a prescription for my knees and all the freaking drug did was cause my legs to swell up like I was an elephant .
Acupuncture , however , has actually helped me .
But is the expensive prescription that did n't work being dropped from Medi-Cal ?
No , acupuncture gets the boot instead .
Go figure .
PPS : Have you noticed lately that many of the kids that you know who grew up on Ritalin have now become a ready market for drugs as adults -- that they have learned early on to expect drugs to solve all their problems ?
_______
Jane Stillwater is a journalist and occasional war correspondent -- whenever she gets allowed into a war zone that is .
" It 's time for all of us to stop Wall Street and War Street from destroying our world . "
Emil Baddal , a talented artist from Iran , was not satisfied with the look of the Lamborghini Reventon , so he decided to design one himself .
Enjoy !
Also check out : 12 Beautiful Concept Car Designs
Once , a company called Ionatron promised to build the military real - life lightning guns that would blow up improvised bombs in exchange for tens of millions of taxpayer dollars .
It never panned out — and the company had to change its name , 86 its senior executives , and fend off shareholder lawsuits as a result .
But the firm - that - was - Ionatron still manages to rake in military cash .
The company just gotnearly a million dollars to look into deploying its gear on " U.S. Navy and U.S. Marine Corps aircraft . "
The company , recently renamed Applied Electronics , claims that they ’re going to help the Navy and Marines figure out how put ultra short pulse lasers on planes .
USP lasers shoot incredibly fast pulses of light that create channels in the air for electricity to travel to a target .
The targets are vaporized so quickly that the lasers do n't generate any extra heat .
People have mostly speculated that USP lasers could be used in medicine to help blow up dental plaque or cancerous tumors .
The armed forces , no doubt , could find all sorts of useful things to do with them .
Judge for yourself if Applied Electronics will come through , given their track record .
Here ’s what the COO of the company said about their new contract in a recent press release :
We continuously search for opportunities to leverage the technologies developed for LGE [ Laser Guided Energy ] as part of our core strategy and we believe this new program is evidence of the potential these lasers will have in military applications .
We have been successful in doing this with our High Voltage technologies for counter - IED applications , and now we are beginning to see similar opportunities for laser technologies .
We ’ll certainly be waiting in the wings to see what they come up with twelve months from now , when they have to make good on their contract .
Laser guns on planes or military funding mishap ?
Stay tuned .
[ Photo : Gizmodo ]
ALSO :
Java Interface are used in following scenarios :
You want to swap several implementations , or hide them behind an interface .
( Strategy pattern , or even API - SPI )
You want to mock out existing functionality ( its technically related to 1 . but the intention is different )
You want to use JDK 's dynamic proxy ( the " lightweight " AOP ) .
In EJB 3.1 with the " no- interface view " interfaces are optional - you can get rid off interfaces entirely .
Mocking works just perfectly with frameworks like mockito - interfaces are no more necessary for mocking .
You can easily provide mocks for ( non-final ) classes and change their behavior for test purposes .
@ Stateless public class Service { public int getNumber ( ) { return 1 ; }
}
//...
import com.abien.business.nointerface.control .Service ; import org.junit.
Test ; import static org.junit.
Assert.* ; import static org.mockito.Mockito.* ; public class ServiceFacadeTest { @ Test public void twoIsFalse ( ) {
Service service = mock ( Service.class ) ; when ( service.getNumber( ) ) .thenReturn ( 2 ) ; //...
}
}
Also interceptors ( similar to dynamic proxies ) do not require interfaces either .
You can easily decorate EJB 3.1 without having any interfaces .
The only thing , which cannot be achieved without having an interface is swapping different implementations without recompiling the client .
But exactly this ( item 1 . ) was very rare in my past projects .
In vast majority of all cases you will only have exactly one implementation of an interface .
You could , of course , provide an interface in advance and hope that it will pay - off in future , but it seems to be unlikely .
With EJB 3.1 interfaces became the artifact again , for what they were actually aimed : a typesafe facade for hiding multiple implementations .
You should only use interfaces EJB 3.1 , in case you actually have multiple implementations for one interface .
You can check - out the whole project with source code from : http://kenai.com/projects/javaee-patterns/
[ NoInterfaceViewEJBUnitTest ] .
Tested with Netbeans 6.7 and Glassfish v3 Preview .
[ I described in the book " Real World Java EE Patterns " Interceptors , Dependency Injection etc. more deeply ]
Update : It 's official .
Release here .
Earlier :
We have n't heard the official details of the Yahoo - Microsoft search deal yet , but the ones we have heard sound distressingly complex .
Let 's review what AdAge 's Michael Learmonth has reported about the deal so far .
Michael 's reporting is in black .
Our comments are in blue :
Bing will become the default search engine on Yahoo .
Fine .
Yahoo is likely to take on exclusive representation of Bing inventory to eliminate channel conflict and complexity for advertisers , but not before both sides unwind the thousands of advertiser relationships and proprietary systems through which many large advertisers buy search ads .
Logistical nightmare .
Will take years .
Who is responsible to these clients in the interim ?
Who is responsible if the transition screws up ?
Microsoft 's AdCenter is expected to be the sales - technology platform .
So Yahoo's sales force is responsible for sales and execution but they 'll be using Microsoft 's technology platform to do it .
Add another couple of months .
( What if the tech platform does n't work right ?
Who will Yahoo's salespeople yell at ?
How will Microsoft 's engineers feel when they 're yelled at by Yahoo's ad salespeople ?
How quickly will they demand to be transfered to another Microsoft division , one where developers do n't have to answer to Yahoo salespeople ? )
Individuals close to both sides say they .. expect some antitrust scrutiny from the Department of Justice .
Add another couple of months .
The deal will take Yahoo out of the search - technology business so it can focus on media , marketing services and sales .
This is okay ... as long as Yahoo has the ability to choose another search provider if Microsoft falls down on the job .
If Microsoft and Yahoo are going to get this deeply intertwined with each other , however , that may be impossible .
What kind of leverage will Yahoo have over Microsoft ?
What kind of leverage will Microsoft have over Yahoo ?
More complexity .
Microsoft , especially if it can cede search sales duties to Yahoo , becomes more of a technology and infrastructure company , its disciplines better aligned with its strengths .
( It would still , however , have a massive global display - ad sales business . )
Again , fine .
But what about that display - ad business ?
Why is Microsoft still going to be in that business ?
What if Microsoft is unhappy with the way Yahoo salesforce is selling Bing ?
What if Microsoft 's clients hate Yahoo , or vice versa ?
More complexity ...
In return , Yahoo will retain the ability to sell search and have access to an even bigger pool of search data that it can use to target users with display ads .
Okay , but Microsoft will be running the technology .
So it will actually be Microsoft that has the ability to target users with display ads .
Presumably the two companies will have to share this information .
How ?
Systems integration ?
Executives on both sides agree that the optimal structure for the deal would be to have one point of contact selling search inventory , but that will require restructuring vast departments with multiple heads at both Microsoft and Yahoo , which could take time .
A lot of time .
Who will get fired ?
How will they feel ?
How will Yahoo salespeople order around Microsoft tech people to get changes made ?
Who will those tech people report to ?
Etc .
Microsoft in particular is very concerned about the Department of Justice 's reaction to the deal and they may seek its blessing .
Just a formality -- Justice would be idiotic to block this -- but it will take time .
And Google will fight it every step of the way .
Bottom line ?
It just sounds complex as hell - - a management and logistical nightmare .
We await the official details ... and hope there 's more to it than what has been reported thus far .
Getting your car stuck is irritating enough , but what do you do when your vehicle is dug into the sand of another planet and the nearest auto club is 180 million miles away ?
If you ’re the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , you bring Mars down to Earth .
In May , the Mars rover Spirit became embedded in a patch of fluffy Martian soil , the worst such incident in the more than five years that Spirit and its twin , Opportunity , have been exploring the planet ’s equatorial region .
Since then , engineers have been trying to figure out the best way to extricate the rover , a project that has come to be known at the La Canada Flintridge laboratory as the “ Free Spirit ” program .
T - shirts are being made to memorialize the effort to liberate the rover .
Advertisement
This week , scientists finished replicating the situation on Mars in a 30 - foot - square workroom , mixing together 5,400 pounds of diatomaceous earth and clay to produce a fine , powdery mixture the color of creme brulee and as fluffy and light as flour .
Now comes the task of trying to free a test vehicle , the so - called Earth Rover , to figure out what might work for Spirit .
“ This is n’t the same as we have on Mars , ” cautioned Paolo Bellutta , a rover team member , about the powder .
“ Diatomaceous earth is made of fossils , and we have no evidence of fossils on Mars . ”
But it is the closest thing to the soil on Mars , rover project manager John Callas said .
The engineers drove the Earth Rover , about 5 feet tall by 7 feet wide , into an 8 - by - 12 - foot sandbox .
By Wednesday , it was stuck -- its six wheels embedded in 5 inches of the Martian soil analogue .
After sloping the sand so that the test rover was pitched on its side to match Spirit ’s predicament , the engineering team pronounced itself satisfied that it had succeeded in marooning two rovers on two planets .
Advertisement
The trick now , Callas said , is to put together a series of maneuvers on Earth that can be applied on Mars .
The first technique , which engineers intend to apply next week , is to ask the rover to simply drive forward .
Because it has a gimpy right front wheel , Spirit has been driving backward in recent years , dragging the wheel along .
Commanding the rover forward would amount to backing out of the fluffy sand patch onto surer ground nearby .
“ We think terrain we can drive on is just a few feet away , ” Callas said .
He said that although Spirit is embedded , he does n’t believe it is truly stuck .
This may sound like a subtle difference , but Callas says it ’s crucial to the outcome of the Free Spirit effort .
Advertisement
“ This is not like getting your car stuck in the mud , ” he said .
When last commanded to move , “ the rover made a tiny bit of progress , which we intend to exploit to get the rover out . ”
The primary goal of the Earth - based testing is to make sure the situation does n’t get worse and leave Spirit irrevocably trapped .
But even if the worst happens and Spirit is entombed where it sits , that wo n’t be the end of its mission , Callas said .
Instead of a rover , it would become a stationary lander of the sort NASA has sent to Mars repeatedly over the years .
It could still do science from its new , permanent home .
Getting embedded has already yielded some surprising science , Callas said .
By digging so deeply into the soil in one spot , the rover has turned up evidence of ferric sulfate , calcium sulfate and silica , which Callas said could be evidence that snow or ice was present at the equatorial regions of Mars in the fairly recent past .
These days , water ice on the Martian surface is believed to be located only at the poles .
This discovery is more proof that , where the rovers are concerned , “ when Mars hands us lemons , we make lemonade , ” Callas said .
Advertisement
While Spirit is parked , Opportunity , on the other side of the planet , is continuing to head for a crater called Endeavour .
The twin rovers have far exceeded their expected lifetimes , and Callas declined to speculate how much longer they could last .
“ These are phenomenal vehicles , ” he said .
“ They go through horrendous thermal cycles , about 150 degrees Fahrenheit each day .
That ’s very stressing on a vehicle . ”
Though freeing Spirit is a challenge , Callas said this event is not yet the worst threat to the survival of the rovers .
The greatest danger comes from periodic global dust storms that can blot out the sun , robbing the rovers ’ solar panels of power .
In November , a storm that hit the area where Spirit was exploring was so severe that JPL managers called workers in on the weekend to send commands to the rover to save energy .
“ It was like having a child lost in the wilderness , ” Callas said .
“ On that one , I was losing sleep . ”
Advertisement
--
john.johnson@latimes.com
She loved to watch the alien ships come in , bearing their loads of spice and AI processors .
There was a perfect view of the star yards from her tiny apartment in the projects .
Advertisement
One day , she was going to pilot one of those ships - leave behind these dingy hallways where kids peddled black pharma and her sister peddled something else to the extros looking for " sensual entertainment . "
She imagined how her ship would look , its sleek edges ruddy with the light of nebulae as she brought fresh fruit to the moons and ore back home .
Advertisement
But her mission would n't be all peaceful sunset colors .
She'd be evading the heavy pirate ships designed to take out merchant vessels - not by shooting them down , but by swallowing them whole .
She 'd seen a mecha chase down a pirate spy plane once .
It had been nosing around the docks , looking for likely prey .
Intercepting its radio signals , the normally quiet bot had roused itself to its full , 50 - meter height , and smashed the little flier right out of the sky , bringing down a crazy rain of debris with it .
She 'd spent hours scrubbing smoke grime off her windows so she could watch the ships again .
Advertisement
Russian concept artist Dmitry ( AKA Jim Hatama ) creates sun-saturated images of alien worlds and the ships that travel between them .
His pictures of space ships remind me of the covers on 1960s and 70s scifi novels .
You can see more of his work on his Deviant Art page .
( via Concept Ships )
Does anyone fancy a brie sandwich ?
For years fat was vilified .
Since the general population ’s average weight and waistline crept up steadily over the decades , a new culprit has been sought out .
Carbs .
Admittedly , there are days that I shake my head in despair at the sheer information overload I experience when looking for some secret to long lasting weight loss .
Every Tom , Dick and Harry have devised his own faddish diet and very few yield permanent results .
If you want to understand why carbs are being the scapegoat at the moment , this book explains why .
The Atkins diet gave me great results but left me somewhat depressed .
These days I eat Paleo around 80 % of the time and I do n’t fear carbohydrates as much as I used to .
Why ?
Exercise .
Since I started weight lifting and swimming I ’ve been overcome by a ravenous hunger afterwards .
People who want to increase their lean mass have to eat carbs straight after a workout for best results .
Eating the correct macronutrients at the correct times makes all the difference .
Which brings me to this sandwich .
There is no reason why you ca n’t enjoy this kind of food , more information here , after a leisurely stroll in the woods or vigorous exercise at the gym .
Do n’t forget to cook up a big batch of balsamic onions first – in this household it does n’t last very long .
Put all the different elements together , this is simply the best sandwich on this little blue planet of ours .
Try it – I ’d love to hear your thoughts !
Crazy for Sandwiches ?
These Cookbooks will keep you busy
What is your all - time favourite sandwich that you put together ?
clock clock icon cutlery cutlery icon flag flag icon folder folder icon instagram instagram icon pinterest pinterest icon print print icon squares squares icon Brie Sandwich with Chicken , Pear and Balsamic Onions ★★★★★ 4.4 from 5 reviews Author : Michelle Minnaar
Michelle Minnaar Prep Time : 10 minutes
Cook Time : 0 minutes
Total Time : 10 minutes
Yield : 2 sandwiches 1 x Print Recipe Pin Recipe Description
One bite from this brie sandwich and your heart will be won over forever .
Chicken and pear do n’t seem like a likely combination either but just trust me .
Try it !
Scale 1 x 2 x 3 x Ingredients 4 thick slices bread
thick slices bread 10 ml ( 2 tsp ) mayonnaise [ one per sandwich ]
ml ( 2 tsp ) mayonnaise [ one per sandwich ] 10 ml ( 2 tsp ) fig or apricot jam
ml ( 2 tsp ) fig or apricot jam sliced cooked chicken breast
Brie cheese ( 3 to 4 slices per sandwich )
30 ml ( 2 tbsp ) balsamic onions [ one per sandwich ]
ml ( 2 tbsp ) balsamic onions [ one per sandwich ] 1 ripe pear , unpeeled , cored and thinly sliced
ripe pear , unpeeled , cored and thinly sliced salad leaves Instructions Arrange the slices of bread on the work surface .
Spread the mayo lightly on one slice and the jam on the other .
Place the chicken slices on the mayo side of each pair , covering the bread .
Top with the Brie slices .
Spread out the balsamic onions over the layer of Brie .
Top with pear slices .
Add a layer of salad leaves per sandwich .
Put the jam - covered bread slice on the sandwich , jam side down .
Slice into two triangles .
Notes Serve with a beverage for a simple lunch or with a salad for a light dinner .
In a pinch , use a rotisserie chicken from the supermarket rather than cooking the chicken breast beforehand .
Toasting the bread gives a little extra flavour and crunch .
Category : Sandwich
Method : No Cook
Cuisine : International Nutrition Serving Size : 239g
Calories : 524
Sugar : 18.5 g
Sodium : 640 mg
Fat : 27.1 g
Saturated Fat : 8 g
Carbohydrates : 44.4 g
Fiber : 6.4 g
Protein : 26.7 g
Cholesterol : 72 mg Keywords : brie sandwich recipe , chicken and brie sandwich , chicken and pear recipe
P.S. I ’m not a nutritionist and all views are my own .
This post was sponsored by Federation of Bakers and the Flour Advisory Bureau .
Any bets on how long it will be until these people regret shelling out their hard - earned cash for ( often poorly executed ) Twilight tattoos ?
I 'd love to be the dermatologist who makes a ton by getting to remove these .
"
If I could dream at all , it would be about you " " Look after my heart .
I 've left it with you " Cullen family crest " Time passes .
Even when it seems impossible .
Even when each tick of the second hand aches like the pulse of blood behind a bruise .
It passes unevenly , in strange lurches and dragging lulls , but pass it does .
"
" And so the lion fell in love with the lamb " written on the ribbonOk , I seriously can't tell what this is .
I see the flower and the ribbon , but what is that white thing ?
It seriously looks like a vulture skull .
* EDIT * -
It is a wolf howling at the moon .
Thanks to everyone who pointed this out , I honestly could n't tell .
" Twilight , New Moon , Breaking Dawn " and " Eclipse " written on the ribbonI think any tattoo bigger than your face is a bit much .
I think this one is actually pretty , but I 'd consider it a rule for life to not get the word " stupid " tattooed anywhere on your body .
Yes , someone got Robert Pattinson 's signature tattooed on their wrist .
One huge Twilight - related forearm tattoo is crazy enough , but two ?
" And so the lion fell in love with the lamb " This is gonna look amazing after she has kids .
This one is n't bad so much for what it looks as for where it is .
Hope you 're ok with it being visible anytime you 're wearing anything less than a turtleneck .
Aww , how cute , you and your friend got matching tattoos of a fictional vampire 's name on your upper back .
Good luck explaining this to your parents ... and all your future boyfriends ... and your children .
* EDIT * -
These are henna tattoos , praise Jesus .
Sad that you apparently like these actors enough to get a tattoo of them , and they could n't give less of a shit about Twilight .
"
There are no rules that can bind you when you find your other half " Really ?
Gigantic bloody gashes seemed like a good idea for a tattoo ?
" You are my life now ... " Dear God ... I do n't even ...
SERIOUSLY ?RPattz is scared .
I have no idea if this will be accepted .
I just found all these myself on Google , and just thought ONTD would get a kick out of it .
Confused about cream ?
With all the various types of cream on the market and in recipes , it ’s easy to lose sight of what they ’re all for …
Can you substitute whipping cream for single cream ?
Or the other way round ?
Can you use half the amount of double cream if you do n’t happen to have single ?
What about crème fraîche – is n’t that ’s just French for ‘ fresh cream ’ ?
And what about UHT cream , cream substitutes and all of those things ?
I ’ve had a dig around to find out exactly what ’s what .
Basically , cream is the part of the milk that contains more dairy fat than the rest – the layer that rises to the top in the traditional milk bottle .
The cream can be used for different purposes depending on how much fat it contains , and to make things easier for consumers , different names are given to creams to show their fat content .
The confusion comes in when you ’re living in one country but using a book intended for another – for instance , if you ’re living in the UK but using an Australian book , you might find yourself desperately trying to whip single cream and wondering why you ’re not getting anywhere !
‘ Single cream ’ in the UK contains about half the fat that Australian ‘ pure cream ’ does and wo n’t whip no matter how long you spend trying .
United Kingdom
The terms defined by British law are :
This is unsterilised cream containing a minimum of 18 % fat .
It ’s a general - purpose cooking cream and is also suitable for pouring over desserts and using in coffee .
Sterilised cream
Must contain a minimum of 23 % fat .
Use as for single cream .
This cream can be either sterilised or fresh , but must contain at least 48 % fat .
It whips easily , and the thickness means it can be piped .
Again , it can be either fresh or sterilised , but must contain a minimum of 35 % fat – the only difference between the two is that whipping cream is ready for whipping , whipped cream has already been whipped .
It does n’t whip up as thickly as double cream , so you may have trouble piping it .
Clotted cream
Clotted cream is clotted by slow heat treatment – causing it to partially evaporate and thus become thicker .
It ’s even thicker than double cream – it has to contain at least a whopping 55 % of milk fat , nearly as much as some home - made butters .
( Commercially produced butter typically contains over 80 % . )
Very much a specialist cream , for use with traditional recipes like scones and stargazy pie .
Has to contain no less than 12 % dairy fat .
Other creams , dairy or otherwise
UHT cream
UHT can stand for ‘ ultra - high temperature ’ or ‘ ultra - heat treatment ’ .
Either way , it involves raising cream way above the usual temperature for sterilisation , but for a much shorter period of time – so the change in taste and colour is much smaller than is involved with sterilised cream .
It ’s a good standby if you ca n’t get fresh .
This is cream with a similar fat content to single cream , which has been soured and thickened by the controlled action of lactic acid bacteria .
Not , as you might think , fresh cream at all !
It ’s another sour cream , but with a higher fat content – typically more like 28 - 30 % .
Artifical or imitation cream
This is a substitute for cream , made using non-dairy fat or oil .
Some of it , like Elmlea , can be quite good , with a similar taste and mouth - feel to cream .
It also lasts a lot longer than fresh dairy cream , so – like UHT cream – it can be worth keeping a tub or two to hand just in case you ’re stuck for the real thing .
The synthetic whipped ‘ cream ’ used in some cheap commercially produced cakes , on the other hand , is disgusting .
You can generally tell it by the colour ; whereas real whipped cream generally has a yellowish tinge to it , the synthetic stuff is usually brilliant white , almost bluish tinged by comparison .
You can find out about cream in the US here , and I ’ve looked at cream in Australia and New Zealand here .
On the other hand , if you ’re wondering what to do about cream that ’s on the turn or gone off altogether , here ’s what the Dairy Council has to say about it .
In 1952 , twenty - three year old medical student Ernesto Guevara de la Serna - Fuser to his friends and later better known as ' Ernesto Che Guevara ' - one semester away from graduation , decides to postpone his last semester to accompany his twenty - nine year old biochemist friend ' Alberto Granado ' -
Mial to his friends - on his four month , 8,000 km long dream motorcycle trip throughout South America starting from their home in Buenos Aires .
Their quest is to see things they 've only read about in books about the continent on which they live , and to finish that quest on Alberto 's thirtieth birthday on the other side of the continent in the Guajira Peninsula in Venezuela .
Not all on this trip goes according to their rough plan due to a broken down motorbike , a continual lack of money ( they often stretching the truth to gain the favor of a variety of strangers to help them ) , arguments between the two in their frequent isolation solely with each other , their raging libidos which sometimes get ... Written by Huggo
Eleven years ago , I stood upon the beaches of Normandy , France , and looked up one of the many hills our American soldiers climbed with heavy backpacks and under German artillery fire .
They climbed the hill anyway .
I wryly remarked that I did not think you could get 100,000 Americans to storm such a hill under such attack again .
The American soldier of the 1940's had something to fight for .
Regardless of their situation , they all were able to share the American dream .
They dreamed to come home , start a family , and perhaps a business as well .
They would come home to an America where only their imagination would set the limits of what they could accomplish .
Optimism was never higher .
The year is 2009 .
The place : United States of America .
Today 's soldiers are coming home to a very different United States .
Their government is doing everything to limit their possibilities .
Planning to start a business ?
Here 's what you will pay the employees at minimum .
Here 's the insurance you must offer or face penalties .
Here are the volumes of codes and laws you must comply with to run your business .
If , when all of those rules and regulations are followed , and there is any profit left , we will tax that profit at rates their World War II counterparts would not believe .
Today 's soldier may want to start a family .
But that soldier will be told what shots their children are forced to have , including an HPV shot for the daughters , despite their objections .
The schools will decide the course curriculum , even if the parents disagree with the content .
And to remove their child from public schools for home schooling may find them in violation of the law .
And when that soldier needs to take a family member to the doctor , it will no longer be as simple as calling and making an appointment .
They will find they must wait in a long line of patients , many who have not contributed to paying the costs with this “ better ” system , and find that a panel of bureaucrats will need to meet and decide their fate before his children can get the necessary medical tests needed to determine the best course of action .
Mimicking what the liberals have always hated about capitalism , cost will be the only deciding factor .
“ Best ” has also been redefined .
It now will mean in the “ best interest of the state ” rather than the “ best interest of the patient ” .
Yet they will be told that this is a small sacrifice to make for the greater good .
Those same politicians , will , of course , have their own medical plans that exempt them from the same systems you and I must utilize .
So when 2015 rolls around , and our nation has a threat that must be addressed , who will step up and fight for us ?
There will be little if anything that separates our nation from those we would never consider sacrificing ourselves for .
If Americans had no idealogical reasons to fight for Nazi Germany , Fascist Italy , Communist China or Russia , North Korea , or North Vietnam , and when our policies resemble the rule of those nations rather than the United States of the past , will we rise and defend it ?
Or will there simply be nothing left to fight for ?
John Wesley Harding ( b. 22 October 1965 ) is a folk / pop singer - songwriter who has called his style of music " folk noir " and " gangsta folk " .
He was born Wesley Stace in Hastings , East Sussex , England .
His given name , Wesley , comes from John Wesley , the founder of Methodism , who preached one of his last sermons in the town where Harding was born .
His stage name may be seen as an almost inevitable nickname for a folk - pop musician , in that his first name overlaps with the Bob Dylan album ( and song ) " John Wesley Harding " .
The American gunfighting historical f… read more
( CNN ) -- Detectives searched the Houston , Texas , medical office of one of Michael Jackson 's doctors on Wednesday for " evidence of the offense of manslaughter , " the doctor 's lawyer said .
Dr. Conrad Murray 's office was searched Wednesday for " evidence of the offense of manslaughter . "
The search warrant at Dr. Conrad Murray 's office " services part of the ongoing investigation into the death of Michael Jackson , " Los Angeles Police Department spokesman Gus Villanueva said .
Murray was the doctor who was at Jackson 's home when the pop star died on June 25 .
Jackson 's former nurse , Cherilynn Lee , was also approached by investigators who wanted copies of medical files she had on the singer , Lee told CNN 's Nancy Grace on Wednesday .
Lee said she handed over the files to officials with the coroner 's office .
Ed Chernoff , a Houston lawyer hired by Murray soon after Jackson 's death , confirmed that Los Angeles Police detectives and federal Drug Enforcement Administration agents used a search warrant to enter Murray 's office in northeast Houston on Wednesday morning ,
" The search warrant authorized law enforcement to search for and seize items , including documents , they believed constituted evidence of the offense of manslaughter , " Chernoff said in a written statement Wednesday .
Chernoff said members of Murray 's legal team were at the medical office during the search , which he said was conducted by members of the DEA , two robbery - homicide detectives from the Los Angeles Police Department and Houston police officers .
Do n't Miss KHOU : Officials raid Houston office of Jackson 's doctor
" Law enforcement concluded their search around 12:30 p.m. , and left with a forensic image of a business computer hard drive and 21 documents .
None of the documents taken had previously been requested by law enforcement or the L.A. coroner 's office , " Chernoff said .
Tammy Kidd , a spokeswoman at Chernoff 's office , told CNN the raid " was absolutely a surprise to us , because we 've had open lines of communication this whole time . "
DEA , cops search offices of Dr. Conrad Murray »
" Based on Dr. Murray 's minute - by - minute and item - by - item description of Michael Jackson 's last days , he should not be a target of criminal charges , " Chernoff said Tuesday .
" Dr. Murray was the last doctor standing when Michael Jackson died and it seems all the fury is directed toward him . "
Los Angeles investigators have interviewed Murray twice , Chernoff said .
A third interview has not been scheduled , he said .
Police impounded his car , which had been parked at Jackson 's Holmby Hills home , the night after Jackson 's death .
It was released to Murray several days later .
" Dr. Murray is frustrated by negative and often erroneous media reports .
He has to walk around 24 - 7 with a bodyguard , " Chernoff said .
" He ca n't operate his practice .
He can't go to work because he is harassed no matter where he goes . "
At least two investigations are under way into Jackson 's death .
The Los Angeles County coroner is waiting for toxicology results to determine a cause of death , while the city police department , with assistance from the Drug Enforcement Administration , is looking at the possibility of criminal charges .
A coroner 's office spokesman said the autopsy findings could be released in the next week or more .
Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton told CNN he would wait for the coroner to determine the exact cause of Jackson 's death .
" And based on those , we will have an idea of what it is we are dealing ( with ) :
Are we dealing with a homicide , or are we dealing with an accidental overdose ? " he said .
CNN 's Ted Rowlands and Randi Kaye contributed to this report .
Preparing Laboratories for the Digital Revolution
Digital transformation is changing the way we live , and the laboratory is n't missing out .
Read about how important this change will be and how Somark can help you get on board ...
The Jedi Church believes that there is one all powerful force that binds all things in the universe together .
The Jedi religion is something innate inside everyone of us , the Jedi Church believes that our sense of morality is innate .
So quiet your mind and listen to the force within you !
Emotion , yet peace .
Ignorance , yet knowledge .
Passion , yet serenity .
Chaos , yet harmony .
Death , yet the Force .
An Official Religion - Census Issues .
Make sure you answer the religion question correctly .
JEDI is now recognised as an official religion by the NZ Statistics Department .
Previously the answer was out of scope , but last year a challenge through the Human Rights Commission acknowledged that a government department must protect an individuals right to religious belief .
That change was hard won .
Lets now stand together and be counted .
May the Force be with you .
Follow Jedi Census NZ
All Welcome
The Jedi Church recognises that there is one all powerful force that binds all things in the universe together , and accepts people from all walks of life , from all over the universe as members of our religion .
I penned a letter to the folks behind Buc - ees stores today :
Dear Buc - Ee ,
There is something about your grinning visage rising over the industrial jumble of Houston , Texas that strikes terror into my heart .
I fear that you represent a final stage in human evolution : where we who have descended too far into social symbols can only communicate through hyperbole , revealing how empty we are of honest affect .
Aldous Huxley may not have dreamed you up , but I think he knew you would be there , Buc - Ee .
And that we would see in your gleaming eyes and vacant , expectant grin some mockery of our own demise .
Signed ,
Eksistens Jeger
Missouri City , TX
Host Aaron Klein brings you the story of operation Green RX .
An effort by local law enforcement and DEA to entrap and arrest all the collective grows who would deliver medicine to a valid patient in San Diego .
A navy house was set up with surveillance so federal jurisdiction could be included .
In November of 2008 a series of medical marijuana patients were filmed delivering medicine .
Watch a collective member deliver medicine to an undercover cop on surveillance video !
In February the DEA dropped out of the investigation after federal policy on medical marijuana made an abrupt 180 degree turn .
The SDPD and District Attorney 's office were left alone to finish the operation .
They hastily changed the name to Endless Summer to disguise the focus .
They then added some arrests for hard drugs , never mentioned the words , medical marijuan , and went with their bogus story to the media .
Of the dozen plus medical cannabis patients charged with felonies , five of them are going to trial .
Eugene Davidovich is one of the most vocal of these five .
Watch him speaks out at city council for his rights .
He then joins Aaron to answer a few questions for the Hope Report .
For more into visit Eugene 's website :
Illustration by M. Jeeves
“ COMPARED with last year , applications are up 14 % , ” says Mark Stanek , the principal of Ethical Culture Fieldston , a private school in New York .
All through the application season he and his board of governors had been on tenterhooks , waiting to see if financial turmoil would cut the number of parents prepared to pay $ 32,000 - 34,000 a year to educate a child .
Requests for financial help from families already at Fieldston had been rising fast , and the school had scraped together $ 3 m — on top of the $ 8 m it spends on financial aid in a normal year — in the hope of tiding as many over as possible .
Nothing is certain until pupils turn up in the autumn .
Some parents could get cold feet and sacrifice their deposits .
Yet so far the school is more popular than ever .
Across America the picture is patchier , but there is little sign of a recession - induced meltdown in private schooling .
Catholic parochial schools and some in rural areas are finding the going harder — but this is merely the acceleration of existing trends .
Private schools in big cities with rich residents , and those with famous names and a history of sending graduates to the Ivy League , seem to be doing rather well .
“ Some parents weighing up their options may be worried about what recession will do to public - school budgets , ” says Myra McGovern of the National Association of Independent Schools ( NAIS ) , which represents around 1,400 of the country 's 30,000 - odd private schools .
“ And some may think that if other people are struggling , that will mean their children are more likely to get in . ”
In Britain the story is similar .
“ Requests for financial help do seem to be up , ” says David Lyscom of the Independent Schools Council ( ISC ) , which represents 1,280 private schools , including most of the long - established ones .
“ In the long run we may see some smaller schools merge in order to gain economies of scale .
But pupil numbers are steady and head teachers are saying parental interest remains high . ”
At first sight , private schools ' seeming immunity to recession is odd .
Fees have risen faster than earnings in both countries for many years and have doubled in real terms ( ie , after adjusting for consumer - price inflation ) in the past quarter - century .
The average price of a year at an ISC secondary day school is more than £ 12,000 ( $ 20,000 ) .
The parents of 12th - graders at an NAIS establishment can expect to pay something similar .
Many of the professionals who used to be natural customers have been priced out .
So schools have become more reliant on parents who work in financial services , an industry which has taken a beating .
The recession has made it harder for parents to raise cash from sources other than earnings .
Falling house prices mean less equity to raid .
Anyway , there is a mortgage drought .
Low interest rates make it harder to fill the gap from investments , either parents ' or grandparents ' .
At least stockmarkets have been rising in recent months .
But any notion that fees will decline in line with ability to pay is wishful thinking .
Few private schools are intending even to freeze fees .
Their precise plans are hard to divine , because in recent years antitrust regulators in both countries have made schools wary of publicising planned fee increases until all have set fees and told parents .
( Signalling them sooner , competition authorities believe , could facilitate collusion . )
But a straw poll suggests that many will raise fees this autumn by 2 - 4 % .
That is because , despite some parents ' pleas for financial help , schools are under little pressure to cut fees .
In both America and Britain income inequality is high by rich - world standards , especially at the top end , so there are people who can pay for the most illustrious schools with little or no pain .
Further down the income scale , parents with children already at school do all they can to keep them there , even if it hurts financially .
And despite the incumbents ' high and rising prices , schooling is an industry in which it is remarkably hard for new entrants to establish themselves .
Reputation — in particular , a name for providing a way into leading universities — is what counts .
By definition , a newcomer cannot offer that .
Past experience bears out the resilience of private schools in hard times .
It has taken several years for previous recessions to affect demand .
Eventually , some whose confidence has been bruised by recession decide not to buy in at all .
Some , but not many .
Britain 's most recent recession , in 1991 - 92 , dented total enrolments in ISC schools by only 2.4 % .
The trough did not come until 1996 , by which time the recession was a distant memory , and numbers recovered soon after .
The most famous and expensive institutions rode out the bad times best .
The 250 confusingly named “ public ” schools in the Headmasters ' and Headmistresses '
Conference saw rolls fall only in one year , and by a mere 0.5 % .
Palaces of learning
No one knows how many children are privately educated worldwide : many private schools are invisible to officialdom ; some are in slums .
James Tooley , a professor of education at Newcastle University , has found many children at fee- charging schools in Africa , China and Latin America .
The elite institutions of popular imagination are far from representative of private education more generally .
Yet in a few places such schools exert an influence out of all proportion to their share of pupils .
In Britain only 7 % of children are educated privately at any one time .
Yet according to the Sutton Trust , an education charity , two - thirds of leading judges and barristers , half of well - known journalists , the chief executives of half the companies in the FTSE 100 index and a third of MPs attended private schools .
A private education is widely seen as the way to move up a class or three .
When Jade Goody , a 27 - year - old Briton who travelled from unpromising origins to stardom via reality television , found out earlier this year that her ovarian cancer was terminal , she sold the spectacle of her final days to the highest bidder , for her sons ' sake .
“ If I earn enough money while I 'm sick there will be enough for them to go to private school until they are 18 , ” she explained .
In America around 11 % of children are privately educated , a figure that is greatly boosted by the country 's strict separation of church and state .
Although no school has the history of , say , the King 's School , Canterbury , or Wells Cathedral School ( two English public schools both well over 1,000 years old ) , institutions such as New York 's Ivy Preparatory School League ( of which Fieldston is a member ) or Phillips Exeter in New Hampshire , which has an endowment of more than $ 1 m per student , have similarly gilded reputations .
Illustration by M. Jeeves
But it is not only history or money that gives these schools their privileged place .
In both America and Britain the gap in performance between state and private education is wide .
( Canada has “ public schools ” along English lines , but its state schools do very well in international comparisons , making it harder for private ones to shine . )
The cities where the rich live have particularly poor state schools — in some inner London boroughs , a quarter of children or more are privately educated .
Above all , America and Britain are home to the world 's most prestigious universities .
The first university from another country in the Times Higher Education ranking comes in at number 16 ; in the Shanghai Jiaotong ranking , at number 19 .
The main commodity that elite schools in the two countries are selling is an edge in university admissions — a commodity that matters as it does nowhere else .
In America , private schools offer knowledge of the ins and outs of selective universities ' admission methods , and carefully cultivated relationships with their admissions tutors .
In England more than two - fifths of the students at Oxford and Cambridge were privately schooled ; each year , the two universities admit more boys from Eton than from the country 's entire pool of lads poor enough to get free school meals .
That the schools know this is their main purpose is clear from the prominence of the university destinations of alumni in prospectuses and on websites .
Parents know it too .
Last year , for the first time anyone could remember , Dalton , another member of the Ivy Preparatory School League , failed to send a single student to Harvard .
It made headlines .
“ The school took its eye off what it 's supposed to be about , ” a parent told reporters .
When challenged by parents , head teachers can readily say what the ever - rising fees are spent on .
Between two - thirds and three - quarters goes on staff pay , which has been rising faster than consumer prices .
Increasing amounts go on financial aid for poorer pupils .
And schools meet little resistance from customers because a private education is painful to abandon part way through .
Children who are pulled out often end up at the state schools no one else wanted , because the others are full .
As long as fees do not go up unbearably in any one year , parents , like frogs in slowly boiled water , stay rather than jump .
Nor can new competitors easily creep in and undercut incumbents .
In big cities , where people want private education most , property is scarce and dear , and local officials are obstructive .
“ Planning departments put all sorts of obstacles in your way , ” says Robert Whelan of Civitas , a think - tank that runs three rare low - cost “ New Model Schools ” in London .
( Fees , at just over £ 5,000 , are little more than half the average for private day schools in the capital . )
“ They seem to care more about their traffic plans than anything else . ”
As for kitting out a school to compete at the luxury end of the market , the expense puts off all but a few .
Claremont Preparatory School is a rarity : a new school in Manhattan .
Housed in a former bank building , it has an indoor swimming pool and basketball court , a rooftop adventure playground overlooked by the stock exchange , a ballroom - sized auditorium on the former trading floor , and much more .
After four years , it is in the black on running costs , but the upfront investment was huge .
“ It cost $ 28 m just to open the doors , ” says a spokeswoman for the school .
“ Michael Koffler [ the owner ] will make a profit , but no time soon . ”
In 2001 MORI , a British pollster , asked parents with children at private schools why they had made their choice .
Eight in ten said reputation had been very important .
That is understandable , because the quality of education cannot be checked until after it is consumed .
But it further entrenches incumbents — as does the need for schools to show parents a track record of admission to elite universities .
“ We will only recommend schools that have at least a decade of history behind them , ” says Amanda Uhry , the owner of Manhattan Private School Advisors , a company that helps parents choose schools and get their children in .*
With such high barriers to entry , it is unsurprising that most purveyors of elite education are old , and many are charities .
But far from charitable status keeping fees down , some think it is one reason they have soared .
Anders Hultin , a founder and former chief executive of Kunskapsskolan , a for - profit company that runs 32 schools in Sweden and is trying to break into the English market , ascribes the success of his home country 's “ voucher ” reforms in the 1990s to allowing such schools to be run for profit .
The share of Swedish children educated privately but at the state 's expense grew from negligible to around 12 % in just 15 years .
“ Without the profit motive , private schools just become choosier about whom they admit , rather than expanding or opening new schools , ” he says .
“ I sometimes think non -profit schools should be banned . ”
The hole in the middle of the market
Every now and then a company or charity promises to blow the schools market wide open by charging around the same as the state spends on each child , but to better effect .
Such promises rarely come to much .
Not only is the private competition well set , but the fact that state schooling is free at the point of use makes cheap - to - middling schools hard to sell .
Parents might grumble at what the state provides , but unless it is worth almost nothing , most will balk at paying all over again out of taxed income .
More efficient , they will think , to top - up with private tutoring .
This is the norm in Japan , say , where state schools are generally good enough for parents not to turn their backs on , but university admissions are increasingly competitive .
When cheap private schools do succeed , it is often because they find parents who think state education is valueless : fans of Montessori or Steiner , or people who refuse to send their children to godless institutions .
Such schools may even spend less than the state , and some British Islamic schools much less .
The New Model Schools squat in church halls and the like while seeking permanent homes , yet have long waiting lists .
Parents are mostly of modest means , but desperate .
“ They care passionately about education and are not happy with the poorly performing state schools that would be their only alternative , ” says Mr Whelan .
Even for those with higher incomes , the existence of a free competitor reduces demand .
Last year MTM Consulting , a British education - research company , asked rich families that did not use private schools : why not ?
Many said they could not afford it , or it was not worth it .
Many choose instead to buy a house near a nice state school .
The cost can be recouped by selling once the children are grown .
Illustration by M. Jeeves
If a school were to attract these people by cutting frills and squeezing fees it might not please the customers it already has .
In MORI 's poll , price came low among parents ' reasons for choosing a school .
Small classes , individual attention and fancy facilities — all unavoidably expensive — were at the top .
For some , elite education is a “ Veblen good ” , named after the economist who noticed that a high price was part of the value of luxury goods .
“ If things do n't turn out the way parents hope , they want to know they have done everything possible for their child , ” says the headmaster of one venerable English day institution , when asked what exactly his school offers that is worth £ 16,000 a year .
Indeed , for the most prestigious schools at least , the puzzle is not why they are so expensive , but why they are so cheap .
The existence of companies like Manhattan Private School Advisors — which charges parents $ 18,500 , non-refundable , to help them apply for school places — suggests that some schools ' fees are well below the market - clearing rate .
Other signs are colossal waiting lists , onerous application procedures and the expectation that children are already at a high standard .
Though the last is billed as ensuring that only pupils who can benefit are admitted , it can also be read as a requirement that customers do much of the schools ' job in advance .
So why are n't fees even higher ?
Sheer embarrassment may be one reason .
Non-profit ( or charitable ) status is hard to defend with a straight face if fees are outrageously out of line .
A more likely explanation , though , is that schools ' quality would decline if they simply sold places to the highest bidders .
Part of what they offer is the chance to learn with clever classmates , and if fees were too high the pool of brainy potential pupils would become too shallow .
Schools with stellar reputations have some room before their fees pass the point at which too few clever children apply .
The recession will no doubt cause some pain to some private schools : the less prestigious , the badly managed and those that have relied on high returns from big endowments .
If bonuses never return , or income inequality falls markedly for some other reason , even the elite could find the going harder .
Pricing by ability to pay , already normal at American universities , may become more common , and could be given a shove by schools with a lot of parents struggling to find the fees .
A dramatic change to the free competition would also have a big effect .
The one part of the United Kingdom where private education is almost unknown is Northern Ireland , which kept academically selective state grammar schools when a Labour government abolished them almost everywhere else ( although they are now under threat ) .
In truth , the future of elite schools in both countries depends less on the government , or even the global economy , than on the elite universities that are the main reason that they have flourished .
That America's have travelled much further down the road to price differentiation than Britain 's can be seen as a reflection of differences in university admissions .
Admissions officers at selective American universities put enormous effort into creating “ balanced ” classes — by which they primarily mean a mix of races and parental incomes .
So in the game of selling past pupils ' university offers to prospective parents , prestigious schools can attract full - price customers by offering a scattering of scholarships to the poor and non-white , non-Asian children whom universities are likely to favour .
In Britain , by contrast , attempts to offer scholarships to poor children tend to be characterised as “ robbing ” state schools of their brightest students .
And the discussion of diversity in university admissions centres neither on race nor on riches , but on where students went to school .
That means any direct attempt to increase diversity in universities poses a direct threat to private schools ' main selling point .
To see how serious that threat could be , consider Laura Spence .
In 2000 Ms Spence , a clever state - school pupil , was rejected by Magdalen College , Oxford , where she had applied to study medicine .
Never mind that the college had 22 applicants for five places , or that it took other state - school pupils : Gordon Brown , now prime minister , then chancellor of the exchequer , called her rejection an “ absolute scandal ” .
It kicked off years of political sabre - rattling .
Before the Spence affair , the number of 17 - year - olds in private schools — ie , pupils starting A - levels , the exams used for university entrance — was 89 % of the number of 16 - year - olds .
Since 2002 that ratio has fallen to 85 % , as some parents shied away from displaying their child 's private education to universities .
A small change ?
Maybe .
But a few intemperate words from one powerful politician had almost twice the impact of Britain 's last big recession on demand for private schooling .
An interview with Ms Uhry can be heard here
Nobody likes to listen support service touch - tone menus when trying to reach call - center support executive , luckily if you are in USA or Canada free deep - dialing service Fonolo takes the pain out of lengthy and boring phone - menu navigation automating the whole process letting you reach the desired option fast , but if you are in other countries here is a simple trick which will let you dial directly to the desired location in IVR system and reach the support executive .
To get this working all you need to do is to dial your support service number and append " p " and then option - number as per menu choice , for example the customer - care number for Airtel India is 121 and to reach customer - care executive we need to navigate 121->2->2->2-> 9 , now to reach this destination directly you need to dial 121p2p2p2p9 and you will reach support - executive directly without any further input , simply save this as an phonebook entry for faster access later .
To enter letter " p " press * symbol thrice ( tested on Nokia phones only ) .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) -
As night falls , rival supporters of Iran ’s presidential candidates take over the streets of Tehran in boisterous scenes which at times resemble more a giant party than an election campaign in a conservative Islamic state .
A supporter of Iranian presidential candidate Mahmoud Ahmadinejad rides his motorcycle with the windshield covered with campaign posters during a rally in front of Tehran 's Sharif University June 10 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Ahmed Jadallah
In the run-up to Friday ’s hotly contested vote , mainly young people descend on the capital ’s most famous boulevard in the evenings and bring traffic to a standstill in a cacophony of chanting slogans , honking car horns and loud music .
But while many of those thronging tree - lined Vali-ye Asr in relatively affluent northern Tehran make clear their desire for political change , it also offers them a chance to let off steam and mingle with the opposite sex in public .
“ For 80 percent ... they only come out to have fun , ” said Ashkan , a teenager trying to make himself heard in the noise .
He gave only his first name .
“ It is an excuse for boys and girls to talk to each other without trouble , ” he said , referring to the Islamic Republic ’s ban on unrelated men and woman socializing .
As he spoke , swarms of motorbikes sped up the street , narrowly avoiding slow - moving cars and crowds of pedestrians .
Some had passengers standing on the saddle cheering and waving the red , white and green Iranian flag .
A group of teenaged boys jumped out of their cars and started dancing to thumping Iranian pop music .
Another group of young men and women shouted and waved pictures of their favored candidate as they walked in the middle of the dense traffic .
Such a public outpouring of emotion and jubilation has not been seen since Iran ’s soccer team defeated the United States in 1998 or when reformist Mohammad Khatami swept to power by winning the previous year ’s presidential election .
With more than 60 percent of Iran ’s population under 30 , the battle for the youth vote could be crucial for the outcome of an election pitting conservative President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad against moderates seeking political and social change .
AHMADINEJAD “ NOT ALONE ”
Police were deployed along Vali-ye Asr but they watched the carnival - like scenes without interfering .
Despite reports of sporadic street clashes elsewhere in Tehran in recent days , there was no sign of tension or violence .
“ Our young people do n’t often get a chance to say what they want .
They like to express themselves by coming to the streets , ” said one middle - aged onlooker , Hamid Saeedi .
Northern Tehran , on a slope stretching toward the snow - capped Alborz mountains , is dominated by supporters of former Prime Minister Mirhossein Mousavi , a moderate who is seeking to deny Ahmadinejad a second four - year term .
Some supporters of Mousavi , who has attacked Ahmadinejad ’s “ extremist ” foreign policy and says he would seek detente with the West , drove expensive four - wheel drives plastered with photographs of the bearded , bespectacled 67 - year - old .
Others wore headbands and wristbands in his green campaign colors , leaning out of car windows and flashing victory signs .
Ahmadinejad , a self - styled champion of the poor who often rails against the West , draws support mainly from poor southern Tehran and rural areas where people have benefited from his handouts of cash and investment projects to help those in need .
But his backers make their presence felt also in this part of Tehran , trying to counter Mousavi ’s camp at their home turf .
“ I ’m here so Ahmadinejad knows that he is not alone , ” said one young , tall 22 - year - old giving his first name as Mehdi .
He sported a headband in the colors of the Iranian flag , which has become the symbol of the conservative president ’s campaign .
A man who was selling green balloons to Mousavi supporters also said he would vote for the incumbent , who came to power in 2005 pledging to share out Iran ’s oil wealth more fairly .
“ This is purely business , ” said Saeed Ebrahimi , 25 , who came from a poor area .
“ Ahmadinejad is the only one who cares about our pain .
He gave us water and electricity . ”
John Hooper in Rome
Greenpeace activists occuped four coal - fired power stations in Italy yesterday , as G8 leaders met in L'Aquila to discuss issues including action on climate change .
More than 100 Greenpeace activists from 18 countries took part in the protests to draw attention to the group 's campaign for action by world leaders on cutting greenhouse gas emissions .
In Rome , activists from Oxfam International donned masks of world leaders and dressed up as chefs , stirring a mock Earth in a pot representing the planet 's rising temperature .
The climate change protests came a day after anti-globalisation groups in the capital blocked roads and rail tracks and clashed with police in violent protests against the G8 .
Nearly 40 activists were detained .
One of the Greenpeace targets yesterday was Italy 's biggest coal - burning power station , at Brindisi in the south - east of the country , where protesters climbed the chimney and occupied the conveyor belt carrying coal into the plant .
A local news agency quoted one of the demonstrators as saying the power station 's management had started the belt while the Greenpeace activists were still on it .
" At first , they did n't know we were on the conveyor belt " , said Serena Bianchi .
" Then we went to tell them , but even then we had some difficulty in persuading them to stop everything . "
The organisation also occupied working plants near Venice and Genoa and staged a protest at an old oil - fired power station at Porto Tolle in northern Italy that is being converted to coal .
The UK activist Ben Stewart , who previously climbed the Kingsnorth coal power station in 2007 and today climbed a 160ft chimney at a site near Venice , said : " Politicians talk but leaders act .
The G8 leaders must stop putting the interests of big coal and other climate polluting industries ahead of the planet and take strong , decisive leadership on climate change . "
Three of the four power stations occupied today belong to Italy 's biggest electricity generator , ENEL .
A spokesman said the company had no comment to make .
[ Haskell ] Haskell on the iPhone
Dear Haskellers , Recently , there 's been a groundswell of activity in the Haskell community regarding the Haskell 's use in developing iPhone games .
The iPhone is a powerful , innovative platform ( with a great monetization scheme , to boot ) , and it's not surprising that many of us would want to develop apps for it in our favorite language .
I am proud to announce today that my company , iPwn Studios Inc. , is currently preparing to release an open source patch to GHC that allows it to output binaries for iPhone OS .
The patch will be released under a BSD license as soon as possible and hopefully integrated into the GHC main - line in the near future .
As the first ( to my knowledge ) Haskell - based game studio , iPwn Studios is committed to giving back to the Haskell community through open source - contributing to a rising tide that lifts us all .
I would like to take this opportunity to propose the creation of a haskell - iphone mailing list , so that all Haskellers working with the iPhone - whether for profit or for pleasure - can come together to make Haskell a force to be reckoned with in the burgeoning iPhone App marketplace .
Best wishes , Ryan Trinkle President , iPwn Studios Inc. P.S. :
If you wish to be involved in the preparation of the GHC patch or in the creation of i Pwn Studios ' first game , do n't hesitate to contact me by email ( ryant5000 at gmail.com ) , AIM ( RyanT5000 ) , or IRC ( RyanT5000 on irc.freenode.net ) .
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell/attachments/20090622/fda13fdb/attachment.html
More coverage
• Study links cooking method to cancer
• Five of the worst and best foods to grill
• Safe grilling tips
Should we be chillin ' about our grillin' ?
Research going back 20 years has linked eating charred beef , chicken , lamb , pork or fish with increased risk of developing certain cancers , especially colon cancer .
And now a recent study presented at an American Association for Cancer Research meeting in April showed that those who preferred well - done steak had a 60 percent greater likelihood of developing pancreatic cancer than those who liked it less well - cooked or did n't eat steak at all .
Charring meat on the grill transforms amino acids in meat into compounds called heterocyclic amines , which have been shown to cause cancer in laboratory animals .
When consumed , HCAs can attack and damage DNA , causing the cancer snowball to begin rolling , says Dr. Li Li , associate director of the Ireland Cancer Center at University Hospitals Case Medical Center .
Grilling at high temperatures also creates polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , which occur when fat from the cooking meat drips onto coals , generating PAH - laden smoke .
The smoke , in turn , rises to envelope the meat .
Several forms of PAH found in cooked meat have been shown to cause cancer in laboratory animals , the American Cancer Society says .
The bad news does n't end with grilling .
HCAs form on broiled and pan - fried meat , too , the cancer society says .
Li is an advocate of prevention :
Do not eat charred meat .
Be judicious in meat consumption .
Eat five to seven servings of vegetables and fruits a day for the best nutrition .
And , of course , refrain from smoking and excessive alcohol consumption .
" Eighty percent of cancer is preventable , " Li says .
" You can avoid it and the exposure . "
But take heart , grillmasters .
Some folks , including those at the cancer society , say there 's not enough evidence yet to rule out cooking out .
" I think we need more data to make a recommendation , " said Cleveland Clinic gastroenterologist Dr. Mansour Parsi .
" All of these are epidemiological studies , and all of them have to be confirmed .
We have to have more robust studies . "
So , you do n't have to throw away your Weber just yet .
" I'm going to continue to grill , " Parsi said .
" I love grilling . "
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Citigroup surprised Wall Street Friday as the embattled banking giant reported a $ 4.3 billion profit in the second quarter .
But the results were boosted largely by a $ 6.7 billion after - tax gain related to the completion of its sale of a majority of its Smith Barney wealth management division to Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) .
On a per share basis , the company said it earned 49 cents a share .
Analysts were expecting the New York City - based bank to record a loss of $ 1.07 billion , or 37 cents a share .
Citigroup CEO
Vikram Pandit said that the latest results signaled that the company 's turnaround efforts were finally starting to take hold , but acknowledged that there was still much work to be done , particularly in the company 's consumer - related businesses .
" Sustainable profitability remains our primary goal , " Pandit said in a statement .
Citigroup has earned a reputation as one of the nation 's most troubled financial institutions .
From the time the credit markets began to unravel in late 2007 up until the end of last year , the company lost more than $ 28 billion .
The bank 's problems subsequently led the government to take a $ 45 billion stake in Citigroup in the form of preferred shares and warrants to help stabilize the bank .
Conditions at the company appear to be less dire as of late thanks to a broad recovery in banking stocks and hopes that the economy has hit bottom .
But Citigroup still faces a number of difficult challenges .
Regulators have been anxious to steer the bank back towards profitability , and recent reports have suggested that the company still remains under intense scrutiny by regulators , namely the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
Pressure from authorities reportedly prompted Ned Kelly to step down as the firm 's chief financial officer last week , with John Gerspach , Citi 's chief accounting officer , taking his place .
The government will soon complete the conversion of its preferred shares in Citi into common stock , which will give American taxpayers more than one - third ownership stake in the company .
The conversion was announced in late February as part of an effort to bolster Citi 's capital levels .
Citi also continues to be subject to the strictest government limitations on executive compensation , which some believe will make it tough for the bank to retain key employees .
Pandit downplayed such talk during a conference call with analysts Friday , suggesting instead that the recent departures of some top Citi executives are in line with normal employment trends on Wall Street .
At the same time , the company , along with the rest of the banking sector is now facing what is shaping up to be the most sweeping government reforms for the U.S. financial system since the Great Depression .
A tale of two Citis
Friday 's results , however , mark the first time the company broke out performances for its two divisions - Citicorp and Citi Holdings - since deciding to split the firm in January .
Both units were profitable during the quarter , with the smaller Citi Holdings , which included the company 's infamous pool of troubled assets , earning $ 1.36 billion .
Still , those results were driven mainly by the Smith Barney transaction .
" It makes it look like the quarter was not horrible , but the reality is the underlying core operations are still doing quite terribly , " said Michael Williams , director of research at research firm Gradient Analytics .
Williams added that JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) and Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) , two firms that also delivered blowout quarterly results earlier this week , did so without the help of similar one - time gains .
The more stable Citicorp , which oversees , among other things , its investment bank and consumer banking businesses , earned $ 3.06 billion during the quarter , a decline of 11 % from a year ago .
Strong trading results and resilience in Citi 's fixed - income operations helped compensate for double - digit revenue declines in the company 's traditional investment banking businesses , including equity underwriting , which was off 33 % from the same period last year .
The issue of credit , however , remained front and center for the entire firm , much like its peers .
Credit costs skyrocketed in the quarter , climbing to $ 12.4 billion , due in large part to loan losses .
The company added $ 3.9 billion to its reserves to insulate itself against future loan losses .
With the recession still raging , Citigroup and other banks have been grappling with losses tied to various consumer - related loans .
Pandit and Gerspach indicated Friday that dealing with those losses , particularly in areas such as credit cards and mortgages , remained among their top priorities .
But both men were quick to point out that there were some encouraging signs , including moderation in the pace of mortgage delinquencies .
Some analysts worried , however , about signs of increased deterioration in corporate credit .
The value of non-performing loans in Citi 's corporate lending portfolio swelled nearly six fold to $ 12.4 billion in the latest quarter .
" The consumer continues to get worse , but corporate loans are getting worse at a faster rate , " said Williams .
Nonetheless , Citigroup 's results fall in line with the rest of its peers who reported better - than - expected second - quarter numbers this week .
In addition to the strong results from Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase , Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) revealed earlier Friday it earned $ 3.2 billion in the latest quarter .
Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) shares finished Friday slightly lower .
The woman at the centre of a high - profile online bullying case was exonerated by a US judge today - despite having previously been found guilty of computer crimes that led to the suicide of her teenage neighbour .
At a sentencing hearing in Los Angeles earlier today , Lori Drew , 50 , was told that the verdict of a Californian jury would be overturned and she would not face imprisonment for her role in the death of 13 - year - old Megan Meier , who killed herself in 2006 after being bullied on MySpace .
Despite having been found guilty on a number of minor counts last November , US District Judge George
Wu overruled the jury in the original trial and said that Drew should be acquitted .
Although the ruling was tentative - and the decision will not become final until papers are filed later this week -
Wu said he was concerned that the case set a dangerous precedent for prosecuting anybody who broke the terms of service of a website .
The shocking development marks the latest twist in the long - running case - which had been heralded as a landmark test in US law , as the first prosecution over accusations of cyberbullying .
Meier , from Darden Priarie in Missouri , killed herself three years ago after receiving a string of nasty messages from a young male friend she had befriended online .
A police investigation discovered that the bully 's identity was fake and that the entire friendship had , in fact , been a hoax operated by Drew - the mother of another teenager who had been friends with Meier .
Reacting to what they claimed was bullying from Meier towards Drew 's daughter , she and a friend concocted the persona of 16 - year - old " Josh Evans " , a boy who had recently moved to the area .
" Josh " began exchanging messages with Meier , before telling her in October 2006 that " the world would be a better place without you " .
She killed herself soon afterwards .
As details of the case emerged , public outcry over the case grew , and Drew - who initially referred to the hoax as a " joke " - became the subject of widespread condemnation for her behaviour .
But without legislation to specifically address such cases , the incident was seen as a test case for cyberbullying in the US .
Despite public pressure , officials struggled to build a case against Drew .
Local prosecutors in Missouri failed to take the case forward , eventually leading to the authorities in California - who argued they had jurisdiction because MySpace is based in Los Angeles - to prosecute .
After legal arguments and a short trial , Drew was only found guilty of three reduced charges relating to her misuse of computers , while the jury failed to reach a verdict on a fourth charge of criminal conspiracy .
Last month , however , Judge
Wu indicated that he was still considering the defence 's motion to overturn the verdict , after labelling the application of computer crime laws to the case as " weird " .
" Is a misdemeanor committed by the conduct which is done every single day by millions and millions of people ? "
Wu asked lawyers at a hearing last month .
" If these people do read [ the terms of service ] and still say they 're 40 when they are 45 , is that a misdemeanor ? "
Megan 's family had argued that Drew should be held responsible for her actions , particularly since they were clearly intended to manipulate a child .
Prosecutors had sought the maximum three - year prison sentence and a $ 300,000 ( £ 183,000 ) fine .
Do n't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it .
The time will pass anyway ; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use . "
- Earl Nightingale
Have you considered becoming a physician , but thought it was too late to change careers ?
It may not be .
Our structured two year pre-med preparation program is specifically designed for career changers with a Bachelor 's degree ; who desire to become a physician but lack the pre-med course work and preparation for medical school admission .
Imagine gaining assured admission to the University of Louisville School of Medicine !
LET OUR PROGRAM HELP YOU BECOME THE PHYSICIAN YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO BE !
Click here for more information .
Attend one of our information sessions to learn more !
Click here for details !
U of L Today Radio Interview .
Click here .
WHAS Great Day Live Interview !
Click here .
Turning Dreams into REALITY !
Amorkor Sogbodjor , M.D. , University of Louisville School of Medicine , Class of 2019
Randall Beaupre , M.D. , University of Louisville School of Medicine , Class of 2019
Kathleen Dieckmann , M.D. , University of Louisville School of Medicine , Class of 2019
Web Workers are , undoubtedly , the coolest new feature to arrive in the latest version of web browsers .
Web Workers allow you to run JavaScript in parallel on a web page , without blocking the user interface .
Normally in order to achieve any sort of computation using JavaScript you would need to break your jobs up into tiny chunks and split their execution apart using timers .
This is both slow and unimpressive ( since you ca n’t actually run anything in parallel – more information on this in How JavaScript Timers Work ) .
With our current situation in mind , let ’s dig in to Web Workers .
Web Workers
The Web Worker recommendation is partially based off of the prior work done by the Gears team on their WorkerPool Module .
The idea has since grown and been tweaked to become a full recommendation .
A ‘ worker ’ is a script that will be loaded and executed in the background .
Web Workers provide a way to do this seamlessly , for example :
new Worker ( " worker.js " ) ;
The above will load the script , located at ‘ worker.js ’ , and execute it in the background .
There are some HUGE stipulations , though :
Workers do n’t have access to the DOM .
No document , getElementById , etc .
( The notable exceptions are setTimeout , setInterval , and XMLHttpRequest .)
Workers do n’t have direct access to the ‘ parent ’ page .
With these points in mind the big question should be :
How do you actually use a worker and what is it useful for ?
You use a worker by communicating with it using messages .
All browsers support passing in a string message ( Firefox 3.5 also supports passing in JSON - compatible objects ) .
This message will be communicated to the worker ( the worker can also communicate messages back to the parent page ) .
This is the extent to which communication can occur .
The message passing is done using the postMessage API , working like this :
var worker = new Worker ( " worker.js " ) ; //
Watch for messages from the worker worker .
onmessage = function(e ) { //
The message from the client : e.data } ; worker.postMessage ( " start " ) ;
The Client :
onmessage = function(e ) { if ( e.data === " start " ) { //
Do some computation done ( ) } } ; function done ( ) { //
Send back the results to the parent page postMessage ( " done " ) ; }
This particular message - passing limitation is in place for a number of reasons :
It keeps the child worker running securely ( since it can’t , blatantly , affect a parent script ) and it keeps the parent page thread - safe ( having the DOM be thread safe would be a logistical nightmare for browser developers ) .
Right now Web Workers are implemented by Firefox 3.5 and Safari 4 .
They ’ve also landed in the latest Chromium nightlies .
Most people would balk when hearing this ( only two released browsers ! ) but this should n’t be a concern .
Workers allow you to take a normal piece of computation and highly parallelize it .
In this way you can easily have two versions of a script ( one that runs in older browsers and one that runs in a worker , if it ’s available ) .
Newer browsers will just run that much faster .
Some interesting demos have already been created that utilize this new API .
RayTracing
This demo makes use of Canvas to draw out a rendered scene .
You ’ll note that when you turn on the workers the scene is drawn in pieces .
This is working by telling a worker to compute a slice of pixels .
The worker responds with an array of colors to draw on the Canvas and the parent page changes the canvas .
( Note that the worker itself does n’t manipulate the canvas . )
Movement Tracking
( Requires Firefox 3.5 .
About the demo . )
This one uses a number of technologies :
The video element , the canvas element , and drawing video frames to a canvas .
All of the motion detection it taking place in the background worker ( so that the video rendering is n’t blocked ) .
Simulated Annealing
This demo attempts to draw outlines around a series of randomly - placed points using simulated annealing ( More information ) .
It also includes an animated PNG ( works in Firefox 3.5 ) that continues to spin even while all the processing is occurring in the background .
Computing with JavaScript Web Workers
The other day Engine Yard started an interesting contest ( which is probably over , by the time that you ’re reading this ) .
The premise is that they would give you a phrase , which you would take the SHA1 of , and try to find another SHA1 - ed string that has the smallest possible hamming distance from the original .
The phrase was posted the other day and developers have been furiously working to find a string that yields a low value .
The current leader is using a series of dedicated GPUs crunching out results at a pace of a couple hundred million per second .
Considering the rate at which they ’re progressing any other implementation will have a hard time catching up .
Of greater interest to me were two pure - JavaScript ( 1 , 2 ) entrants into the competition – they both run completely in the browser and utilize the user ’s JavaScript engine to find results .
While neither of them have a prayer of overcoming the GPU - powered monsters dominating the pack , they do serve as an interesting realm for exploration .
Reading through the source to both implementations they both utilize nearly - identical tactics for computing results :
They execute a batch of results broken up by a timer .
I ’ve played around with them in different browsers and have been able to get around 1000 - 1500 matches / second .
Unfortunately they both peg the CPU pretty hard and even with the timer splitting they manage to bog down the user interface .
This sounds like a perfect opportunity to use Web Workers !
I took the Ray C Morgan implementation , stripped out all the UI components and timers , and pushed it in to worker ( through which 4 of them are run in parallel ) .
( I submit results back to the original implementation , just in case a good result is found . )
Check out the demo and source :
I ran the old implementation against the new one in the browsers that support Web Workers to arrive at the following results :
Browser Old Runs/s New Runs/s Firefox 3.5 2700 4600 Safari 4 2500 8400 Chrome Nightly 4500 9600
How does this implementation work ?
Digging in to the source of the parent launcher we can see :
// Build a worker
var worker = new Worker ( “ worker.js ” ) ;
// Listen for incoming messages
worker.onmessage = function(e ) {
var parts = e.data.split ( ” “ ) ;
//
We ’re getting the rate at which computations are done
if ( parts [ 0 ] === “ rate ” ) {
rates [ i ] = parseInt ( parts [ 1 ] ) ;
// Total the rates from all the workers
var total = 0 ;
for ( var j = 0 ; j < rates.
length ; j++ ) { total += rates[j ] ; } num.innerHTML
= total ; //
We 've found a new best score , send it to the server } else if ( parts [ 0 ] === " found " ) { var img = document.createElement ( " img " ) ; img.src = " http://www.raycmorgan.com/new-best?phrase= " + escape(parts.slice ( 1 ) .join ( " " ) ) ; document.body.appendChild ( img ) ; //
A new personal best score was found } else if ( parts [ 0 ] === " mybest " ) { var tmp = parseInt ( parts [ 1 ] ) ; if ( tmp < mybest ) { mybest = tmp ; best.innerHTML
= mybest ; } } } ; // Start the worker worker .postMessage ( data.sha + " " + data.words.join ( " , " ) + " " + data.best ) ; [ / js ]
To start , we 're constructing the worker and listening for any incoming messages .
There are three types of messages that can come from the worker : " rate " ( a ' ping ' from the worker notifying the parent how quickly it 's running ) , " found " ( sent back when a new high scoring phrase has been found by the client ) , and " mybest " ( sent when the worker gets a new personal - best high score ) .
Additionally we can see the initialization data sent to the client in worker .
postMessage .
Unfortunately we have to pass the data in using a string in order to have it work in all browsers ( only Firefox 3.5 supports the ability to pass in a raw JavaScript object ) .
Looking at the contents of the worker we can see some more , interesting , logic .
// … snip …
// New Personal Best Found
if ( distance < myBest ) { myBest = distance ; postMessage ( " mybest " + myBest ) ; } // New All - time Best Found if ( distance < best ) { best = distance ; postMessage ( " found " + phrase ) ; } // ... snip ... // Report Rate Back to Parent function stats ( ) { var nowDiff = ( new Date ( ) ) .getTime ( ) - startTime ; var perSec = Math.floor ( processed/nowDiff*1000 ) ; postMessage ( " rate " + perSec ) ; } // ... snip ... //
Get the incoming information from the parent onmessage = function( e ) { var parts = e.data.split ( " " ) ; data = { sha : parts [ 0 ] , words : parts [ 1] .split ( " , " ) , best : parts [ 2 ] } ; start ( ) ; };[/js ]
The two ' distance ' checks take place deep in the computation logic .
After a new match has been found it is compared against the existing high scores .
If this a sufficiently good - enough the result is sent back to the parent page using postMessage .
The ‘ stats ’ function is called periodically , which then reports back the current rate of processing to the parent page .
The ‘ onmessage ’ callback listens for the initialization data to come from the parent page – and once it ’s been received begins processing .
—
In all I found this project to be a lot of fun – a relatively minor amount of code yielded 2 - 3 x faster computation power .
If you ’re doing any computation with JavaScript you should definitely opt to use Web Workers if they ’re available – the result is both faster and a better experience for the end user .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Clare Matheson
Business reporter , BBC News
One of the biggest differences you notice with the current crop of construction students at the Astins Institute in Battersea is that they 're just so , well , delicate .
The six are quite a contrast to the usual , hairy , butch builder - mainly because they are women .
These girls are the ones Astins Ltd managing director and co-founder Dominic
Tutt believes will be the vanguard of his campaign to bring more women onto big building sites .
" Currently women make up less than 1 % of the construction workforce at the trade level , " Mr Tutt says .
" Astins aims to make that 8 % by 2013 . "
And it 's easy to see why women have historically dodged the building site .
Diverse paths
In school , it 's not the direction most teachers or career officers would push them in .
Social attitudes and views surrounding the industry do little to attract many women to the dirt and manual labour of a building site .
And the age - old stereotype of the wolf - whistling brickie hanging off his scaffolding dishing out lairy " ' ' Ello darling " comments to passing ladies is likely to make conditions even less appealing .
In fact , the number of women employed on doing the physical work on - site within the construction industry is so small that the Office For National Statistics can't measure it properly , but ONS data does show that 932,000 men are currently working within the sector .
Looming concerns
Yet the industry could soon be facing an employment crisis , prompting many experts to call for innovative ways to resolve the crisis .
We walked into the canteen all the workers just stared at us in shock
Becky Skinner , apprentice
Apprentice diaries Women in the construction industry A lack of apprenticeships schemes leaving wide gaps in the skills base and an overreliance on immigrant workers are two factors sparking concerns .
Meanwhile , experts have also warned an ageing workforce will do little to ease the problem .
A recent report from the Chartered Institute of Building showed that construction managers over the age of 60 are the fastest growing age group in the sector and the biggest reduction in workers is in the under 30 age group .
" They key issues affecting the workforce are age and skills , particularly in a recession , " says Kate Lloyd , Equality and Diversity Manager within recruitment at Construction Skills .
" Training budgets are n't there , so they get cut .
That 's what we 've seen over the last few years and that means a skills shortage .
We saw it in the last recession when people stopped training . "
Innovative approach
In order to make a start in tackling the looming crisis Astins decided to target the 50 % of the UK workforce that has historically been ignored in the industry - women .
So the firm set up one of the UK's first professional qualification courses in construction trades specifically aimed at women , an NVQ level two specialising in dry lining - or making partition walls to the uninitiated .
To make the London - based course more attractive it has offered fully subsidised places to the lucky apprentices and even free accommodation to those living outside London .
Astins has pumped the best part of £ 1 m into the project , as well as getting additional funding from Construction Skills , and hopes it is building a good investment for the future .
" I think the way we 'll change things in the industry is by having women on site and they 'll act as beacons of change within the industry itself , " said Mr Tutt .
" We firmly believe that they can add value to our business and to the construction industry as a whole . "
However , the search for the six apprentices was not an easy one .
Of 600 applications for the women - only course , just 39 were from women .
Those women then had to go to interviews , pass various tests and attend a two - week ' builders boot camp ' to check they could handle the pressure of working on a building site .
Benefits and rewards
But the successful candidates can look forward to a rewarding future .
" Several of our top performing and top producing men earn well in excess of £ 1,000 a week , " says Mr Tutt .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I see no reason why the women could n't match that in the long term .
It 's not going to be in the next couple of years but once they 've honed their skills in the next four to five years that 's an achievable amount . "
Astins will reap the benefits of the training , taking the women on after graduation - but it also hopes to use the experience to keep a closer eye on the battle of the sexes .
It will be keeping a close eye on the work on their construction sites across the gender divide , measuring men against women in terms of productivity and mistakes .
" Ideally its critical that they 're successful so that we give them a career and a skill that benefits them in the long term but it also benefits the business .
So there 's no real limit to where I see them going , " he adds .
Hurdles
But the road to the building site has not been an easy one for the girls .
Among the more mundane issues that raise their heads are homesickness , missing mum and missing out on home - cooked food .
But their punishing schedule seems to draw the most complaints .
The girls will be building 25 miles of partition walls on one site Almost all of them complain about a lack of sleep .
Getting up at 5 am , travelling for two hours , putting in a full day 's work , and then taking two hours to get back home leaves them longing for a rest .
" I often get home and just fall asleep in my clothes , " says Elizabeth Rodriguez , 19 , of St Johns Wood , London .
Two other students are single mothers balancing childcare responsibilities and their work .
But one of the biggest obstacles they have faced is getting safety equipment to fit .
Special trousers with pockets for knee pads are so big that the padding end up round their ankles .
Astins is now looking to get the equipment specially fitted and made .
' Gobsmacked '
As for the practical experience , while the girls were all itching to get their hands dirty , they were dreading their first face - to - face experience of a builders crew - despite e-mails warning the men to " be kind " to the newcomers being sent by the company .
" The men were gobsmacked .
It all went completely and utterly quiet on our first visit - like a scene from the film Grease , " explains Elizabeth .
" The men were all protective and a bit patronising , which was a bit annoying , " adds Sam Paul , 28 of Camberwell , London .
" But that just makes us want to do more . "
And they will be .
One task looming for the girls is to help put together the equivalent of 25 miles of partitioning at one hospital site .
But Mr
Tutt hopes they wo n't just rest on their laurels .
He 's hoping the girls will push onwards and upwards into site management .
Sam herself has voiced an interest in taking on such courses in future .
But the ultimate test will be to see whether the girls do manage to bring more women into the industry - and whether they really can do the jobs for the boys .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
EDIT : 20th June 2009 .
It would appear this billboard is not as it first appears .
A number of you have pointed out that it looks Photoshopped .
I will not be removing this post in the interest of clarity , but I would like to make it clear that , upon further examination , I no longer personally believe it to be part of a genuine ad campaign , from the people who brought us the creation science museum .
Please read comments for more .
Update : Andrew McKenzie , from answersingenesis , has verified that this is indeed a Photoshopped picture , in a detailed comment below .
http://rationalwiki.com/wiki/Poe’s_Law
Michael Jackson : 100 facts about the king of pop
Michael Jackson was one of the world 's most high profile celebrities and yet he endeavoured to live his private life in near secrecy .
Here are 100 facts about King of Pop .
Two Democratic lawmakers are calling on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to relax recently tightened standards for mortgages on new condominiums , saying they could threaten the viability of some developments and slow the housing - market recovery .
In March , Fannie Mae said it would no longer guarantee mortgages on condos in buildings where fewer than 70 % of the units have been sold , up from 51 % .
Fannie
Mae also wo n't purchase mortgages in buildings where 15 % of owners are delinquent on condo association dues or where one owner has ...
Bonus up to 9000 $
CHAT Online Casino Games Slots
Progressive Slots
Video Poker
Baccarat
Casino War
Caribbean Stud Poker
Red Dog
Roulette
European Blackjack
Craps
Let ' Em Ride
Pai Gow Poker
Vegas Three Card Rummy
Keno
Sic Bo
Pontoon
Scratch Cards
Download Vs. Flash
Bingo
Blackjack with Perfect Pairs
Caribbean 21
Caribbean Hold 'em Poker
Face Up 21
Match Play 21
Super 21
Texas Hold ' Em Bonus Poker
Tri Card Poker
200 % WELCOME BONUS on the first 10 deposits
Chicken Liver Bake : enjoy it with the ashes of a loved one .
Or maybe what 's left of the chickens are in that urn .
Maybe the chickens were your loved ones .
This volume might be called the Mises Reader , for it contains a wide sampling of his academic essays on money , trade , and economic systems .
Some of them , like " Observations on the Cooperative Movement , " have not been published previously .
Others , like " The Idea of Liberty Is Western , " have already made their mark on intellectual history .
Brought together by Mrs. Mises after her husband 's death , and edited with an introduction by Richard Ebeling , this volume fills an important gap in providing an overview of Ludwig von Mises 's best academic work .
For that reason , this book is already widely used in graduate courses and seminars on the resurgence of the Austrian School .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says the administration might still engage with Iran 's regime .
Clinton : Iran 's pursuit of nukes ' futile '
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” on Sunday that Iran will never achieve its goal of obtaining a nuclear weapon , declaring to Tehran : " Your pursuit is futile . "
" What we want to do is to send a message to whoever is making these decisions , that if you 're pursuing nuclear weapons for the purpose of intimidating , of projecting your power , we 're not going to let that happen , " Clinton said .
Advertisement
" First , we 're going to do everything we can to prevent you from ever getting a nuclear weapon .
But your pursuit is futile , because we will never let Iran — nuclear - armed , not nuclear - armed — it is something that we view with great concern , and that 's why we 're doing everything we can to prevent that from ever happening .
...
We believe , as a matter of policy , it is unacceptable for Iran to have nuclear weapons . "
As a security summit in Thailand earlier this week , Clinton raised the possibility of a " defense umbrella " over the Middle East to protect other nations from a nuclear - armed Iran , marking the first time a senior administration official has publicly broached the prospect of the Persian nation succeeding in building a nuclear weapon .
Clinton said the Obama administration might still engage with Iran ’s regime , even though she thinks the people there “ deserve better than what they ’re getting . "
Moderator David Gregory asked Clinton if the U.S. would be betraying Iran ’s democratic movement if the administration decides to negotiate with the government over its nuclear program .
“ I do n’t think so , David , ” she replied .
“ We have negotiated with many governments who we did not believe represented the will of their people .
Look at all the negotiations that went on with the Soviet Union . …
“ That ’s what you do in diplomacy .
You do n’t get to choose the people .
That ’s up to the internal dynamic within a society .
But , clearly , we would hope better for the Iranian people .
We would hope that there is more openness , that peaceful demonstrations are respected , that press freedom is respected . ”
Gregory asked if Iran is run by an illegitimate regime .
“ You know , that ’s really for the people of Iran to decide , ” Clinton said .
“ I have been moved by the … cries for freedom .
…
People that go back millennia , that have such a great culture and history , deserve better than what they ’re getting . ”
Clinton chuckled heartily when Gregory played a clip of her being asked overseas if she would ever be U.S. president .
" This is a subject that is on the minds of people literally around the world , " Clinton said .
About a run for herself , she said : " I have absolutely no belief in my mind that that is going to happen . "
Clinton said her right elbow is still recovering after a fall last month .
“ There are certain moves that I can make , but there are others that are still kind of painful , ” she said .
“ But I do my physical therapy — that was what everybody told me I had to do . ”
Appearing live for the full hour , Clinton continued her increasingly tough talk on North Korea , saying : “ They ’ve engaged in a lot of provocative action in the last months . …
It ’s not going to work this time . ”
“ It ’s not only that North Korea has , against the international norms … proceeded with this effort , but they also are a proliferator , ” she said .
“ We know that for a fact .
So it ’s not only the threat they pose to their neighbors , and eventually beyond , but the fact that they ’re trying to arm others . ”
Clinton was asked if the effort to keep North Korea from going nuclear has failed : “ No , I do n’t think so , because their program is still at the beginning stages . ”
“ They are very isolated now , ” she continued .
“ They do n’t have any friends left . …
We ’ve seen even Burma saying that they ’re going to enforce the resolution of sanctions . ”
Clinton began by saying : “ What ’s important here is the clear message that we ’re sending to North Korea . … North Korea must change their behavior , and we have to get back to moving toward verifiable denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula in a peaceful manner .
…
We ’re imposing the most stringent sanctions we ever have .
We have great cooperation from the world community .
“ We still want North Korea to come back to the negotiating table to be part of an international effort that will lead to denuclearization .
But we ’re not going to reward them … for half - measures .
They now know what we and the world community expect .
“ We want to make clear to North Korea that their behavior is not going to be rewarded .
In the past , they believed that they have acted out — doing things which really went against the norms of the international community — and somehow then were rewarded .
Those days are over . ”
During the appearance , Clinton also seemed to distance the administration from some harsh comments Vice President Joe Biden had made in an interview with the Wall Street Journal about Russia .
Biden had told the paper : “ The reality is the Russians are where they are .
They have a shrinking population base , they have a withering economy , they have a banking sector and structure that is not likely to be able to withstand the next 15 years , they ’re in a situation where the world is changing before them and they ’re clinging to something in the past that is not sustainable . ”
Asked whether this meant that the U.S. would now act as if it possessed the upper hand , Clinton responded , “ No , I do n’t think that ’s all what the Vice President meant . ”
She added that the US still views Russia “ as a great power . ”
“ Every country faces challenges , " Clinton said .
" We have our challenges .
Russia has their challenges .
And there are certain issues that Russia has to deal with on their own .
We want to make clear as we reset our relationship we are very clearly not saying that Russia can have a 21st century sphere of influence in eastern Europe .
That is an attitude and policy we reject .
We are also making it very clear that any nation in eastern Europe that used to be a part of the Soviet Union … [ can ] choose whatever alliance they want to join . ”
Clinton acknowledged that Russia has been “ very helpful ” in its support of the U.S. efforts to deal with North Korea , and that the nations continue to work together on matters of nuclear arsenals , loose fissile material and violent extremism .
“ There is an enormous amount of work to be done between us and Russia , ” Clinton said .
1966 Dodge Charger– 426 Street Hemi engine option available that produced well over 425 bhp .
.
I bought my ’ 66 Dodge Charger off a guy up the road for $ 750 when I was 18 .
She ’d sat there a good long time , but this was Arizona– dry as a bone , so no body rot .
Came home hitched to a tow truck– and I know my mom was n’t too excited about the new lawn ornament .
The old 383 V - 8 needed a rebuild , and body was a little dinged – but she was unmolested and all original .
So what if it did n’t run yet – she was mine .
If only I had held on to her– but I ran outta time , money and energy .
More than that –
I had a girlfriend with plans to move us down to Tucson to attend the U of A .
Never should ’ve let her go– the Charger that is .
It still pains me , but what ’s done is done …
Guys , listen to your gut and hold on to a good thing .
Like your dream car .
.
The 1966 Dodge Charger– the fastback that ’s full - sized and fully loaded .
.
The 1966 Dodge Charger was introduced on New Years Day– a late but lethal answer to the Mustang and Baracuda fastback frenzy .
Based on the Coronet , the Charger came packed with serious muscle that few street cars could compete with .
The ’ 66 Charger debuted one of the most legendary and talked - about engines ever– the 426 Street Hemi .
The Hemi engine had been available in prior years , but the 426 Street option was designed for exactly that– performance on the street .
Rated at 425 bhp , some say it actually produced closer to 500 bhp .
That dog will hunt , son .
A
1966 Dodge Charger fastback with concealed headlamps that rolled - back when not in use .
.
1966 Dodge Charger– Boss Hoss available with a 426 Street Hemi !
A
The Charger ’s concealed headlamps , luminous backlit gauges and roomy interior were a true work of art .
With two bucket seats in the front , it also had two more in the back that could fold down for storage .
The console also reached all the way to the back seat .
It felt luxurious and sporty all at once .
Sadly , the full length console was nixed with the release of the ’ 67 model .
.
The 1966 Dodge Charger ’s amazing interior .
.
1967 gave birth to a new Mopar performance engine– the 440 Magnum .
This was their biggest engine yet , and produced 375 bhp .
Impressive as it was – it was still no Hemi .
The 440 Magnum could keep up off the line , but the Hemi would quickly outpace it once 60 mph was exceeded .
For most , the extra power the Hemi provided was n’t worth the added expense ( $ 1,000 upgrade at the time ) and hassles .
The 440 Magnum was cheaper than the Hemi , and easier to tune and maintain– good enough for most motorheads .
Still , the true racers were loyal to the badass 426 Hemi .
.
The 1967 Dodge Charger R/ T
.
.
1968 brought a drastic and commercially successful restyling to the Dodge Charger .
The new “ Coke bottle ” look made the Charger one of the best - looking muscle cars , period , with many considering it the best - looking performance car of the 1960s .
Dodge pronounced , “ This is no dream car .
It ’s a real ‘ take - me - home - and - let ’s stir - things - up - a - bit ’ automobile . ”
Check it out in the iconic car chase scene from Steve McQueen ’s classic film Bullitt .
Legend has it , the Charger flat - out ran circles around that little Mustang– on and off the set .
.
A
A
The 1969 Charger introduced a new center grill divider and recessed tail lights , but other than that the exterior was basically the same .
Note the intentional omission to any reference of a certain obnoxious Confederate flag wearing ’ 69 Charger that was responsible for scores of Chargers meeting an untimely demise .
Yee - haw buddy ?
Yawn .
A
A
The Charger Daytona 500 , with a flush - mounted grille and rear window , stormed on the racing scene in 1969 .
In accordance with NASCAR rules , 500 production units had to be produced in order to qualify as a production model , and allow them to race on the stock car circuit .
Dodge produced 505 .
The Charger Daytona eliminated aerodynamic problems that previously hurt it in comparison to Ford ’s lower - power but more slippery racing models .
Turns out Mopar had an ace up their sleeve– extensive wind tunnel testing .
The Daytona included a massive rear spoiler and an aero nose .
No other car could match it for top speed ( 200 mph ) , with its standard 440 and optional Hemi .
In 11 years of racing , the Dodge Charger — running in close to stock form — won 124 NASCAR Cup races and took three drivers to five championships .
Richard Petty won three of his seven titles behind the wheel of a Dodge Charger , according to Dodge .
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
Warning : I can not control myself and feel the compulsory need to pile on more vintage ads –
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
After ’ 69 I lose interest … increasing gas prices and stricter federal emissions regulations end the true American muscle car era .
Sure , the Charger and others limp on , but it just ai n’t the same .
They do n’t look the same either– styling really starts to suffer .
1971 really signals the beginning of the uglies .
A
A
A
A
A
A
AAA
A
Welcome back to the Ancient Chinese Story Blog .
Today ’s tale which I will discuss is a common idiom in the Chinese tongue ’s origins story .
If someone goes to you in China and says , “ 南轅北轍 ” it means one is acting in a way that would defeat one ’s purpose even if you literally translate the Chinese meaning , it means “ south shafts north rut . ”
Yet this old saying has very old roots in Chinese culture .
It is a story about a traveler and how he wanted to go where it was that he went .
Today ’s ancient Chinese story will be translated from the modern Chinese text ( sorry I do n’t have the original ancient Chinese text to show everyone today ) into English and will be my translation .
— –
Once upon a time , there was a man who was riding in a horse drawn carriage and traveling to go take care of some affairs ; and in the carriage there was also a very big suitcase .
He told the driver to of the carriage to drive non-stop and the horse ran extremely fast .
Along the road , there was an old man who saw them and asked , “ Sir , you seem anxious , where do you need to go ? ”
The man in the carriage then replied in a loud voice , “ I need to go to the state of Chu . ”
The old man heard and laughing he smiled and said , “ You are going the wrong way .
The state of Chu is in the south , how come you are going to to the north ? ”
“ That ’s alright , ” The man in the carriage then said , “ Can you not see ?
My horse runs very fast . ”
“ Your horse is great , but you ’re path is incorrect . ”
“ It ’s no problem , my carriage is new , it was made just last month . ”
“ Your carriage is brand new , but this is not the road one takes to get to Chu . ”
“ Old Uncle , you do n’t know , ” and the man in the carriage pointed to the suitcase in the back and said , “ In that suitcase there ’s alot of money .
No matter how long the road is , I am not afraid . ”
“ You have lots of money , but do not forget , The direction which you are going is wrong .
I can see , you should go back the direction which you came from . ”
The man in the carriage heard this and irritated said , “ I have already been traveling for ten days , how can you tell me to go back from where I came ? ”
He then pointed at the carriage driver and said , “ Take a look , he is very young , and the driver drives very well , you need n’t worry .
Goodbye ! ”
After he said he told the driver to drive forward , he drove and the horse ran even faster .
——
Now I always like this ancient story simply because it shows how stubborn people can be .
The moral that could be found in this story besides the self defeating act is not to turn down advice so easily and if we make a mistake , to try and admit it ( though in this tale though he did make quite a mistake though ) .
We see the state of Chu , so realistically this story comes from the time of the Zhou dynasty .
In ancient China , Chu was actually fairly strong but mind you in the end they as all the other warring states at the time , fell to the Qin .
So we know this ancient story is over 2000 years old ( quite ancient if I may so ) and still in modern China today is still being used .
Quite remarkable when one thinks of it .
Today ’s picture I took when I was in Xi An and figured that for this story would be rather ideal .
This artifact originates from the Qin dynasty and was found by the Terracotta soldiers .
That is all for today ’s ancient Chinese story .
Till the next ancient tale everyone .
my $t = 1 ; grep { $ t^=1 } LIST [ download ]
If you 're on perl - 5.10 or newer , you can also use a state variable inside the block , and thus not " tainting " the outer scope : use 5.010 ; say grep { state $t = 1 ; $t ^= 1} < a b c d > ; # prints : bd [ download ]
That 's not very useful outside of one - liners since it'll remember the state from the previous loop pass or function call .
$ perl - wE ' say grep { state $t ^= 1} qw[ a b c d ] ' ac $ [ download ]
oops ... $ perl - de 1 ... DB < 1 > use 5.010 ; sub a { grep { state $t ^= 1 } @_ } DB < 2 > x a( 1..5 ) 0 1 1 3 2 5 DB < 3 > x a( 1..5 ) 0 2 1 4 [ download ]
I love the simplicity and terseness of the grep filters .
I do n't think I ever would have thought of that .
Of course , knowing my colleagues , this expression would cause some confusion for the maintainers ...
One of my favorite subs : sub map_pairs ( &@ ) { my $f = shift ; my @res ; no strict ' refs ' ; no warnings ' once ' ; my $ caller = caller ; local ( * {$ caller . " : : a" } ) = \my $ a ; local ( * {$ caller . " : : b" } ) = \my $ b ; push @res , $ f - > ( $a , $b ) while ( $a , $ b ) = splice @_ , 0 , 2 ; return @res ; } [ download ] gives : map_pairs { $ a } qw / a b c d/ ; # ac map_pairs { $ b } qw / a b c d/ ; # bd map_pairs { uc ( $a ) , lc( $b ) } qw / a b c d/ ; # AbCd [ download ]
But , yes , this very much crosses the line out of " one- liner " land Good Day ,
Dean
I was surprised by the lack of such a function in List :: MoreUtils recently .
There is natatime , but it returns an iterator rather than using a callback .
I wonder how much speed you 'd gain by replacing $ f - > ( $a , $b ) with &$f .
Another advanced feature for the collection !
It would be a nice bonus if you $ a and $b were aliases to the args like with map . sub map_pairs ( &@ ) { my $ cb = shift ; my $ caller = caller ( ) ; my $ ap = do { no strict ' refs ' ; \*{ $ caller . '::a'} } ; my $ bp = do { no strict ' refs ' ; \*{ $ caller . ' ::b'} } ; local * $ ap ; local * $ bp ; my @res ; while ( @_ ) { * $ ap = \shift ; *$ bp = \shift ; push @res , &$ cb ; } return @res ; } [ download ]
Too golfy or arcane ?
( fixed now ) sub map_pairs ( &@ ) { my $ fn = shift ; my $ pkg = $ main : : {caller ( ) . '::'} ; map { @ {$ pkg}{qw ( a b ) } = \ ( @ _ [ 0,1 ] ) ; $ fn ->( shift , shift ) ; } ( 0 ..$ #_/2 ) ; } package Smarter ; our ( $a , $ b ) = qw( orig value ) ; my @arr = qw( a b c d ) ; print main : : map_pairs { $ _ [ 0 ] = uc ( $a ) ; print " [ $ a $ _ [ 1 ] ]
" ; $ a} @arr ; print "
" ; print " Now @arr
" ; print "
$ a $b
" ; [ download ]
I like being able to avoid sym refs and all the globbage .
The interesting thing to note is that I seem to get a magical localization of my variables .
Caution : Contents may have been coded under pressure .
Some notes below your chosen depth have not been shown here
Actually , I like passing the arguments so that I can do things like this : ( sum does n't know to look at $ a and $ b ) use List : : Util qw / sum / ; say for map_pairs \&sum , 1..10 ; [ download ]
I do like the aliasing bonus , but it seems to not work on hash keys : use YAML ; my @array = ( foo_name => " Bob Smiley " , foo_age => " 32 " ) ; map_pairs { $ a =~ s/foo_// ; s/^\s+// , s/\s+$// for $ b ; } @array ; print Dump \@array ; my %hash = ( foo_name => " Bob Smiley " , foo_age => " 32 " ) ; map_pairs { $ a =~ s/foo_// ; s/^\s+// , s/\s+$// for $ b ; } %hash ; print Dump \ %hash ; [ download ] outputs --- - name - Bob Smiley - age - 32 --- foo_age : 32 foo_name : Bob Smiley [ download ]
Good Day ,
Dean
local ( * {$ caller . " : : a " } ) = \my $ a ; local ( * {$ caller . " : : b " } ) = \my $ b ; [ download ]
Does this technique depend on the default " automatic declaration " of $ a and $b as package - vars ?
( it 's meant for sort {...})
In other words : using $c for map_triples would n't be as easy ..(? )
Cheers Rolf
It will be a problem if you are running under strict .
However , if the caller sets up $c as a package variable it will work .
sub map_triples ( &@ ) { my $f = shift ; my @res ; no strict ' refs ' ; my $ caller = caller ; local ( * {$ caller . " : : a" } ) = \my $ a ; local ( * {$ caller . " : : b " } ) = \my $ b ; local ( * {$ caller . " : : c " } ) = \my $ c ; push @res , $ f - > ( $a , $b , $c ) while ( $a , $b , $ c ) = splice @_ , 0 , 3 ; return @res ; } use 5.010 ; use warnings ; use strict ; our $ c ; say for map_triples { $ a + $ b + $c } 1..12 ; [ download ]
Good Day ,
Dean
Update : figured it out ( simulthanks to Ikegami ) .
Gotta reference the right package .
Corrected solution : sub map_pairs ( &@ ) { my $ fn = shift ; my $ pkg = caller ; map { my $ idx = $ _ * 2 ; no strict ' refs ' ; my ( $a , $ b ) = local ( $ {$pkg . ' : : a'} , $ {$ pkg . ' : : b'} ) = ( @_ [ $idx , $idx+1 ] ) ; $ fn ->( $a , $ b ) ; } ( 0 ..$ #_/2 ) ; } [ download ]
Previous , erroneous solution follows .
I think you made this harder than it needs to be .
Is n't this equivalent ? sub map_pairs ( &@ ) { my $ fn = shift ; map { my $ idx = $ _ * 2 ; local ( $a , $ b ) = @_ [ $idx , $idx+1 ] ; $ fn ->( $a , $ b ) ; } ( 0 ..$ #_/2 ) ; } [ download ]
Caution : Contents may have been coded under pressure .
That wo n't work if the callback was compiled into a different package than map_pairs .
The parent 's code fixes this ( assuming the callback is always compiled into the same package as the caller ) .
my $t = 0 ; grep { $ t^=1 } LIST [ download ] using the XOR operator in XOR - equal is bordering on line - noise .
This seems to have a low likely hood of being understood on the first pass by the next person to see it .
( This next person had to go check perlop ) .
That said , I 'm totally using it the next time I play golf .
Mixing both of your two forms we get these nice options : my $t = 0 ; #even elements # my $t= 1 ; #odd elements grep { $ t++ % 2 } LIST [ download ] my $t = 0 ; map { $ t++ % 2 ? $ _ : ( ) } LIST [ download ]
Am I wrong to expect people to be more familiar with ' %' than with '^ ' ?
my $t = 0 ; grep { $ t^=1 } LIST [ download ] using the XOR operator in XOR - equal is bordering on line - noise .
This seems to have a low likely hood of being understood on the first pass by the next person to see it .
( This next person had to go check perlop ) .
That said , I 'm totally using it the next time I play golf .
Mixing both of your two forms we get these nice options : my $t = 0 ; #even elements # my $t= 1 ; #odd elements grep { $ t++ % 2 } LIST [ download ] my $t = 0 ; map { $ t++ % 2 ? $ _ : ( ) } LIST [ download ]
Am I wrong to expect people to be more familiar with ' %' than with '^ ' ?
Apple just rejected the Google Voice iPhone application from App Store distribution , the most recent in a long line of questionable moves , and the message is clear :
If you want a device that wo n't lock you out of innovation , skip the iPhone .
Photo by rore .
Lest We Forget
Advertisement
There 's no question that this brilliant little piece of hardware has sparked a revolution in the world of mobile computing and cellphones , and , likewise , there 's no question that consumers have benefited from that .
I 've been a believer in the iPhone from the start ( hell , I even co-wrote a book on the stupid thing ) , but despite all the missteps Apple has made along the way , it always at least seemed plausible that they were holding out on apps or making unpopular decisions with some sort of good reason .
( That was probably always willful ignorance , and Apple 's culture of secrecy just makes it that much easier to assume there 's some Very Special Reason for their bad decisions . )
Still , I 've never regretted buying an iPhone until now .
Advertisement
Refusing Competition
Over the course of the day , most people have speculated that Google Voice was rejected from the App Store at AT&T 's behest .
The reason ?
Apple 's official line is that Google Voice duplicates features already on the iPhone — namely the Phone and Messages app .
Of course , none of that holds water , considering the App Store is already full of alternate SMS apps and apps like Skype that sport a telephone dialer .
Advertisement
So what separates Google Voice from the other , already - approved tools that offer similar features to the iPhone 's default apps ?
As far as we can tell , the main issue is competition .
AT&T does n't see Joe Schmoe 's SMS Big Keyboard Deluxe ( it 's a real app ) as much of a threat to the colossal ripoff that is text messaging , for example , but people may actually want to use Google Voice .
Advertisement
From another angle , Apple only seems concerned with duplication of features if an application competes with an app that they already made .
If you 're competing with another non -default third - party application , you can go and duplicate all you want ( hence the oft - cited Fart apps ) .
Still , if a Google Voice app actually does duplicate the functions of the telephone / SMS applications that ship with the iPhone , I want to know how I can use my iPhone to check my Google Voice inbox , send messages via Google Voice , or get my voicemails transcribed with what Apple and AT&T are offering .
And do not send me to a crappy iPhone 1.0 webapp .
The real problem , then , is that Google Voice , and all it offers , is actually much better than what AT&T offers .
Advertisement
Forget About Innovation
It 's unfortunate , of course , because Google Voice does n't actually stop anyone from using AT&T .
It 's not a VoIP app ( yet ) , so you still need AT&T for it to work at all .
Again , it simply improves on what the iPhone already has .
It would actually make AT&T — and the iPhone — better .
From my perspective as a consumer , that in turn makes the iPhone a much more attractive device .
Since it 's been rejected on the iPhone but approved for Android phones and BlackBerrys , that in turn makes both of those devices that much more attractive .
Advertisement
Sure you can switch carriers if you 're not happy — as long as you 're willing to empty your pockets to drop out of your contract .
That 's always been the case .
But Apple / AT&T have never sent such a clear message in the past about just how restrictive they 'll get if they feel threatened by an application .
Those of us who were once excited at the seemingly limitless potential of the App Store now know where we stand .
Apple would like you to believe that the goals of the App Store approval process are lofty ones — that they 're only approving innovative apps and that the only reason they do n't approve apps is to protect you from bad software or , horror of horrors , confusion .
Because god knows it'd be confusing as hell to use a better phone application than what came with the phone .
Meanwhile , thank god we can pass our time with iWet T - Shirts ( borderline NSFW ) .
Advertisement
It 's All About the Software
As far as I 'm concerned , there 's two things that set the iPhone apart from its competition :
1 ) It 's got great hardware , and 2 ) It 's got the most third - party applications .
Advertisement
The first issue is a hurdle for other phone providers / phone manufacturers to figure out ; some already have matched the iPhone 's hardware ( as far as its guts go , the iPhone and the Palm Pre are n't all that different ) and others will eventually .
The second is where Apple is really asking for it .
The more alienated developers feel — especially good developers who 're trying to build something new and innovative ( as opposed to those looking to join the Fart app gravy train ) — the less time they 're going to spend playing iPhone App Store roulette .
Which means that if you want a phone where you can expect some real innovation , you should probably skip the iPhone .
Advertisement
Is n't This a Bit Familiar ?
Advertisement
The iPhone is a full - on computer in your pocket , and in many ways is more capable than your regular old PC .
Imagine , if you can , that Microsoft tried dictating what browser you had to use on Windows .
Oh right , that happened .
Except they did n't refuse to allow you to use any other browser just because it duplicated the features of their default browser .
And as Wired points out , Apple is inviting all kinds of regulation with this kind of mindset .
And it has n't just been about Google Voice :
Apple and AT&T are living dangerously though .
Apple has also forced video services like Slingbox to cripple their applications because of purported concerns over data usage , while approving ones from paying partners ( e.g. Major League Baseball ) that would put more strain on a network than Slingbox 's would .
Advertisement
If the iPhone 's default applications were better than those submitted by Google or by some other third - party developer , then people would use them .
If not , then that 's a sign that they need to make them better — not a red flag that they should start pulling apps left and right from the App Store because of " duplication . "
Why You Should Care
At the end of the day , this is n't simply a Google Voice / iPhone problem — it 's a concern for everyone , iPhone owner or not , with an interest in the latest and greatest crop of smartphones .
Google 's Android OS may be open source , but that does n't mean they 're above pulling apps when pressured by carriers .
Right now the non-iPhone manufacturers and carriers are much more willing to allow anything on their platform because , frankly , they 're desperate to get some of the attention the iPhone already has .
That does n't mean that 'll always be the case .
Advertisement
Every now and then , we like to go on grumpy , long - winded , opinionated rants .
We 're far from the definitive voice , and your feelings may differ , so feel free to air your thoughts in the comments .
iPhone
The band The 88 has just released a single called " Love is the Thing , " a song the group recorded entirely on their iPhone .
Using an iPhone app called FourTrack from Sonoma Wire Works , the band was able to lay down some 13 tracks ( plus one track for a cymbal crash added later ) , which were then imported to a Mac for final mixdown .
" This Spring , we were on tour opening up for the B - 52s , with shows all around the East Coast , " the band said in a post on its site .
" One day while we were driving , Keith was browsing through the applications on the iPhone and came across FourTrack .
We thought this app would be a great way to record song ideas while we are away from home . "
Once they downloaded it , the band decided , " it would be a neat experiment to record the full band on a phone . "
Better yet , they documented the process in a video posted to YouTube .
The 88's documentary of recording " Love is the Thing " on an iPhone
The recording process involved using a child 's toy drum set covered with a sheet with brushes in order to produce a sound level that would n't overload the iPhone 's microphone .
The backup vocals were recorded , " like they did in the old days -- we all gathered around the phone and sang all the parts onto one track . "
Each instrument was recorded to its own track , and the band used an Alesis ProTrack to connect a studio mic to the iPhone for recording the lead vocal track .
Those tracks were then exported to a Mac for mixing , for a total of 14 tracks ( including the crash cymbal added via the Mac ) .
" Love is the Thing " is currently available on iTunes as a US$.99 download .
[ Author 's note :
To mix in some editorial with this piece , it 's an awesome song ! ]
Thanks to Jimmy D at LoopInsight for the heads up on this project from The 88 .
Old Town
L'Eixample
Green Areas
The Seaside
Sant Adrià de Besòs - El Fòrum
Barcelona 's old town , or Ciutat Vella , is the heart of the city .
It 's made up of many small neighborhoods , full of old - world character , linked by narrow , winding streets .
Students , foreigners and artists thrive in this area , attracted by its sense of history and cosmopolitan feel along with its trendy bars , concert halls and good restaurants .
Start your tour from Plaça Catalunya and take Les Rambles ( or Las Ramblas in Spanish ) towards the sea .
On the right , you 'll find the Raval district with its museums , art galleries and notorious red - light area , Barri Xines .
On your left , the medieval Barri Gòtic ( Gothic Quarter ) is home to the cathedral , peaceful Plaça del Pi , art galleries and lots of cafés serving delicious hot chocolate .
If you go even further left , across busy Via Laietana , you 'll come to Born market , in La Ribera district .
This trendy neighborhood is also home to the graceful Santa Maria del Mar Church and the impressive Museu Picasso .
When the old town became overpopulated in the mid-19th century , the city expanded inland , north of Plaça Catalunya .
The streets of the new suburb , called L'Eixample , or " The Extension " , were laid out in a grid pattern .
Catalan modernista ( Art Nouveau ) architects designed a number of striking buildings in the area around Passeig de Gràcia and Rambla Catalunya .
You'll find the extraordinary Sagrada Familia on the right - hand side of L'Eixample if you 're coming from the Old Town .
This controversial church , unfinished because of the untimely death of its architect , Antoni Gaudí , in 1926 , has become the city 's most visited monument .
As Barcelona expanded further north , more new neighborhoods were built .
Villages were absorbed within the city boundaries giving rise to districts like the charming Gràcia , Les Corts , Sarrià and Hortà - Guinardò , up in the hills .
The working - class neighborhood of Sants marks the city 's southern boundary and has excellent public transport to the center .
Montjüic
Hill , in the southwest of the city , offers many attractions including the Olympic stadium and other facilities used for the 1992 Olympic Games , along with the impressive Fundació Miró .
The best way to get to the hill is to take the cable car from the nearby harbor .
Barcelona 's other major green area is 1800 - foot Tibidabo Hill to the northwest , with its panoramic views of the city , amusement park on the summit and Torre de Comunicaciones de Collserola ( Collserola Communications Tower ) .
Both Montjüic and Tibidabo offer good sports facilities as well , like tennis , jogging , and horseback riding .
It 's easiest to get there by car , though you could also take the cable car to Montjüic , which the kids will love .
The cable car also offers a great view of the city .
The mild Mediterranean climate and calm seas mean you can sail and windsurf all year round from Port Olímpic ( Olympic Port ) .
Little boats ( golondrinas ) leaving from the harbor will take you on a sightseeing tour of the city 's waterfront and nearby coastline .
The fishing district of Barceloneta offers excellent seafood restaurants .
Ultra-modern Maremagnum has busy bars with outdoor terraces , discos , shops and cinemas .
You 'll also find trendy open - air music bars in Port Olímpic in the summer .
Half an hour 's journey to the south , Sitges ' pretty beaches attract a cosmopolitan crowd .
For more peaceful surroundings , head north to one of Costa Brava 's deserted coves .
Constructed and remodeled to host the Fòrum de Les Cultures in 2004 , this area located to the north of the city has bloomed as a new cultural center .
The beautiful architecture , designed by Jacques Herzog and Pierre de Meuron , as well as the numerous events that take place in the ultra- modern location of Parc del Fòrum , such as Primavera Sound or Summercase , attract thousands of visitors every year .
Casey Stoner wrapped up the Gran Premio d’Italia Alice action in style with victory in another wet - dry MotoGP race .
In the second flag - to - flag race in two rounds Casey Stoner ended Valentino Rossi ’s Mugello winning streak with a polished performance to give Ducati their first ever victory at the circuit .
Much of the race came down to tactics again in front of the 80,000 - strong Italian crowd as the riders once more started on a wet surface and completed the 23 lap contest on slicks , with Stoner this time judging things to perfection .
The Australian retook the championship lead as he crossed the line a second in front of former leader Jorge Lorenzo , who also rode well after the scare of crashing on the sighting lap .
Lorenzo ’s Fiat Yamaha colleague Valentino Rossi completed the podium in third place as his seven - year wining run at his beloved home track came to an end , the Italian hero crossing the line two seconds behind Stoner and less than one tenth in front of Repsol Honda ’s Andrea Dovizioso .
It was a shame for Dovizioso to miss out on the rostrum on the last lap once again , having held the race lead early on , on wet tyres .
Likewise , his compatriot Loris Capirossi ( Rizla Suzuki ) was leading at one stage – later in the race – but he fell away in the final laps to finish fifth .
James Toseland made a brave decision to come in first and change bikes when running towards the back of the field and he just missed out on equaling his best MotoGP result of sixth as he was outdone by his Monster Yamaha Tech 3 team - mate Colin Edwards on the last lap , having also dueled with LCR Honda ’s Randy de Puniet who was eventually eighth .
Niccolò Canepa ( Pramac Racing ) will be delighted to have achieved his best result to date as the second highest Ducati rider in ninth at his home race , with Chris Vermeulen ( Rizla Suzuki ) completing the top ten behind the young Italian .
Dani Pedrosa hit the deck and crashed out on lap 14 having already damaged his hip earlier in the weekend , the Spaniard stretchered away from trackside .
He will face an anxious wait to see if he is fit for his own home race at Barcelona in two weeks .
Honda satellite rider Yuki Takahashi also crashed out with 13 laps to go .
Sunspot groups 1024 developed over the 4th of July weekend , and while it did not create any historically spectacular fireworks , it has been kicking up modest solar flares .
After one of the longest sunspot droughts in modern times , solar activity picked up quickly over the weekend .
A new group of sunspots developed , and while not dramatic by historic standards , the spots were the most significant in many months .
" This is the best sunspot I 've seen in two years , " observer Michael Buxton of Ocean Beach , Calif. , said on Spaceweather.com .
Solar activity goes in a roughly 11 - year cycle .
Sunspots are the visible signs of that activity , and they are the sites from which massive solar storms lift off .
The past two years have marked the lowest low in the cycle since 1913 , and for a while scientists were wondering if activity would ever pick back up .
During 2009 so far , the sun has been completely free of spots about 77 percent of the time .
NASA researchers last month said quiet jet streams inside the sun were responsible , and that activity would soon return to normal .
The new set of spots , named 1024 , is kicking up modest solar flares .
Sunspots are cool regions on the sun where magnetic energy builds up .
They serve as a cap on material welling up from below .
Often , that material is released in spectacular light shows called solar flares and discharges of charged particles known as coronal mass ejections .
The ejections can travel as space storms to Earth within a day or so , and major storms can knock out satellites and trip power grids on the surface .
Prior to the low - activity period , astronomers had been predicting that the next peak in solar activity , expected in 2013 , might be one of the most active in many decades .
That forecast was recently revised , however , and scientists now expect the next peak to be modest .
All this matters because , as laid out in a report earlier this year by the National Academy of Sciences , a major solar storm nowadays could cause up to $ 2 trillion in initial damages by crippling communications on Earth and fueling chaos among residents and even governments in a scenario that would require four to 10 years for recovery .
Such a storm struck in 1859 , knocking out telegraph communications and causing those lines to erupt in flames .
The world then was not so dependent on electronic communication systems , however .
Back in April we brought news of Fesler - Moss applying their expert tuning craft to the new 2010 Camaro .
At that time , there were just some cool design renderings of the Fesler - Moss Camaro and only preliminary specs .
Now , there are some actual photographs of the car along with finalized features and pricing .
Currently , Fesler Moss is offering three separate packages for the 2010 Chevy Camaro along with a plethora of available options .
The Enhancement Package will run $ 55,000 ( including an upgraded coil - over suspension , 22 ″ Fesler wheels , stainless steel struts , etc ) ; the Competition Package costs $ 90,000 ( stepping up to a supercharged engine with over 600 hp and lots of carbon fiber ) ; and the Limited Edition Package for $ 150,000 ( which gets you a supercharged LS9 engine , racing brakes and two - days of driving school ) .
For the complete details check out the Fesler - Moss 2010 Camaro package sheet .
Source : Fesler Moss | Vimeo
It ’s not what it seems .
That ’s what I keep telling myself but what do I know I ’m just a skinny rut standing in front of Valentino as he tells me to take my shirt off .
The dame sits there smiling , going through our collective books , flicking through each page , pausing for a second , smiling to himself , but mostly flicking like an annoyed child .
My shirt back on I now walk out of his studio and back into the street that will take me back to place Garibaldi .
Where I am is some pony tale town called , Milan , Italy , undisputed champion of young men ’s dreams and fashion ennui .
Who I am is yet to be discovered but for the time being I am a male model looking for the visage of a camera .
It ’s fast approaching eight p.m and that only means one thing – free pizza at Deco .
This is what you get when you ’re an expatriate of the supposed photogenic kind .
I look into the mirror pump on the gel and strut out onto the street to get my first meal of the day .
When I arrive , I am surrounded by hundreds of other models , mostly Americans , a few French , English but it ’s the Americans I like , even if they are always the loudest , the brashest and most conspicuous .
We sit there , line up for our drink tickets , margarita pizza , watch some imbecilic movie before the club opens to the general public and a bunch of Guido ’s start swarming the place .
The American ’s and I leave , except for some of the girls , they ’re always getting invited by these Guidos to fancy restaurants and the like .
Let ’s not even talk about the money the agencies are making simply on behalf of the promoters who are peddling us on a random basis .
What do we care ?
We now make it to the next place - Hollywood , some glitz of a place with miles and miles of people begging to get in .
We just walk in , because we are suppose to be the glam , even if I am just some skinny rut living in a broken down pensione with tin foil for furniture .
The music is always techno and house and fast .
Without trying I am already hooking up with some girl who said she saw me in some magazine .
The truth is I have yet to have book anything in Milan since I got here 2 months ago even if my booker Patricia keeps telling me Mondo Uomo and L’uomo Vogue have me on first option ( again ) .
I remove my lips , take a drink , and finally leave without the girl at four in the morning .
Cause I have no money to catch a ride home and all the Americans are still hanging I am forced to wait for the number 7 tram .
While I am waiting I see a whole bunch of transvestites giving the meanest kind of head that one can get in the front seat of a thorny bush .
By now I am back in Paris , still skinny , okay a few gigs , shows under my belt but who really cares and trying to figure out where I am going to stay .
I am hauling my suitcase from one hotel to the other .
It ’s a drag , the agency really cant do much for me and probably wont until I book a few of the collections .
I know it ’s nothing personal , just work .
I finally find something with Scott a Canadian male model .
Scott is the biggest drinker my naïve ass has ever seen in my life .
What do I know about dysfunctional people ?
I come from a beach city , twenty hours by plane away where my childhood was idyllic and sunburn carefree .
“ Go to Milan , ” they said , go , “ you ’ll kill it .
What have you to lose , you ’ll make it ! ”
So there I am a year and a half later , still surprised I am alive and making it day to day .
Scott on the other hand wants to give it all away .
He ca n’t stand it .
He does n’t know what to do , and whether if he ’ll ever work again .
The truth is Scott will end up becoming a major male top model , three years later , but not before first becoming a seasoned alcoholic .
Scott for the next two months becomes my best friend .
Everyday I learn about how his father used to abuse him as a young kid and the shame that he would impart upon him .
Scott eventually got married when he was seventeen but kind of lost it when his wife ran off with some other guy when he was nineteen .
Anyway , we ’re both twenty two now and having what one day will be the memory of a lifetime .
We finally make it through our heavy casting load , have dinner ( half a baguette with ham - breakfast on the other hand is the first half of the same baguette with strawberry jam and milk and if you want lunch that ’s just wishful thinking ) , and finally make it on our way to Bandush , a glamorous night club where the likes of Linda and Naomi hang every night .
We never say anything to them , just stand there looking for some promoter to give us free drink tickets .
Tonight I have met some English girl , ( a University exchange student ) she ’s a real sweet heart , of course that does n’t mean I will treat her that way .
I end up going home and sleeping with her and losing her number the next day .
It ’s only when I accidentally bump into her two weeks later at the Bandush that I end up making out with her again , go back to her flat before leaving once again in the early morning .
By the end of three months I have yet to have booked anything in Paris and I can tell my bookers are n’t particularly thrilled .
It ’s all a pot shot really , and no matter how you look you can never really tell what the client wants .
Maybe if I was blonde and blue eyed I say .
Then again I do n’t play that game on myself , not that I did n’t in the beginning .
I ’m sitting at some café in Place de Bastille when some crazy woman comes up to me .
To be sure I am just enjoying the sunshine and my book , something written by Sartre ( it ’s not true all models are stupid , just most of them … ) when she insists I stand in front of some camera .
The next thing I know I am suddenly starring in some German commercial , the guy they had booked never showed up or something like that , so there I was instead .
It ’s all a laugh in any event and quite a farce .
By the end of the evening I am being seduced by the producer - she has a husband and two kids and a scrawny twenty two year old getting insanely drunk on the fourth bottle of Merlot she bought us .
Fortunately for me my bookers in Paris have just told me that they found me an agency in London that would like to work with me .
I kind of understand they want to get rid of me so I do n’t begrudge them .
I say good bye to Scott , get on the ferry at Calais , vomit my heart out on the way over to Dover before immediately booking my first editorial in a while the next morning .
London to be sure is dreary and utterly depressing .
That does n’t stop me from spending the next year or so here , working fairly consistently but becoming increasingly irritable and lonely .
It ’s been three years since I have seen my family and maybe that ’s good , cause it ’s true when you set out to become a star there ’s always a part of you that you ’re always trying to run away from .
It ’s just that I am tired of running away and keep seeing this tired and forced look in some magazine .
In a way that ’s what fashion is all about – the desire to re invent this image of yourself so you can stand yourself the next day .
In any event I ’m back in Milan , standing there in the back rooms watching some divas feint and resurrect themselves moments before we are suppose to hit the catwalk .
Everywhere I look it ’s big name guys , and I know I ’m so out of place but I do n’t dare tell anyone .
The music finally starts and we all start thumping out in single files like alien androids .
Some of us are coked up , but to tell you the truth I never knew that then , I only discovered the truth years later .
For some reason I was so earnest about it all .
I finally thump out on the stage , some scrawny twenty four year old kid , my mind on the beach and the damn photographers , all four thousand of them up my ass .
I finally make it out of there and start walking home , love sick for some American girl I recently met , ambivalent to all the mania surrounding the collections .
I pass by where all the trannies exist , laugh for a moment and grow suddenly sad in the realization that we ’re in some sick way in the same line of work - a look , an intangible for hire .
It ’s a few years on from then now and I have moved onto something more my speed , still in the public eye , but from behind the scenes , content on being my own person finally and very content that I went through the whole bizarre experience .
Sometimes I wonder about Scott , after all we used to write to each other , but that kind of stopped after he made it big .
At least I ’m glad one of us really made it , whatever that word really means .
I still love Paris , London , Barcelona , Vienna and all the other great towns I anchored in – but for one reason or another I can never take myself to go back to Milan .
Pizza night and drink vouchers , and transvestites by place Garibaldi .
Sometimes I still wonder if it still goes on …
Do You Owe $ 23 Quadrillion ?
An unidentified computer glitch has led Visa to overcharge several of its cardholders for routine purchases at drug stores , gas stations , and restaurants , to the tune of $ 23,148,855,308,184,500.00 each .
These charges , as far as we can tell , exceed the sum total of wealth accumulated in human history .
Affected cardholders were assessed a $ 15 overdraft fee .
Count this as a cautionary tale for advocates of all - digital currency .
The charges have reportedly been reversed , but we ’d love to hear from anyone who , through this snafu , accumulated a black hole of debt .
[ % comments ]
Washington
What is up with the banks and the rest of the financial industry ?
The people running this system remind me of gangsters who manage to walk out of the courthouse with a suspended sentence and can’t wait to get back to their nefarious activities .
These malefactors of great wealth ( thank you , Teddy ) developed hideously destructive credit policies and took insane risks that hurt millions of American families and nearly wrecked the economy .
Then they were bailed out with hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars , money that came from the very people victimized by the industry ’s outlandish practices .
Now the industry is fighting against creation of an agency that would protect taxpayers and ordinary consumers from a similarly devastating onslaught in the future .
And at the same time they are scrambling to raise credit card interest rates and all manner of exploitive fees to build a brand new superstructure of questionable profits on the backs of the taxpayers who came to their rescue .
We ’re reaching a whole new level of chutzpah here .
The Obama administration wants to create a Consumer Financial Protection Agency that would shield individuals and families from deceptive practices and outright fraud by banks and other businesses offering credit cards , mortgages , home loans and other forms of consumer finance .
Huntsville
You 're probably in town to see the U.S. Space and Rocket Center , but you should also make time for the Huntsville Botanical Garden , the Unclaimed Baggage Center , and historic Burritt on the Mountain village .
The committee found that Dr Butt had changed his ways A dentist has been allowed to continue practising - despite telling Muslim patients he would only treat them if they wore Islamic dress .
Dr Omer Butt , of Prestwich , Greater Manchester , ordered two women to wear a head scarf before he treated them .
The General Dental Council ( GDC ) said the events took place " a considerable time ago " .
He made the requests between 2005 and 2007 while working at the Unsworth Smile Clinic .
Although Dr Butt was before the GDC for making a similar demand to patients in September 2007 , the professional conduct committee of the General Dental Council ( GDC ) found the requests were made before this date .
If the committee had heard these matters in 2007 it is likely that it would have found your fitness to practise to be impaired
Members of the General Dental Council
The GDC found that Dr Butt had " discriminated " against people on the basis he " disapproved of their attitude to the requirements of Islam " and " did not act in the best interests of his patients " .
It was " in no doubt that it amounted to misconduct " but found his fitness to practise was not impaired because he had not repeated the conduct since September 2007 .
In addition , the committee accepted he had changed his approach as a result of the action taken against him .
The GDC added : " If the committee had heard these matters in 2007 it is likely that it would have found your fitness to practise to be impaired .
" However , it has taken account of the passage of time and all the matters set out above .
" It has concluded that your conduct is remediable and has been remedied .
Further , it is not likely that you will repeat it .
" Accordingly the committee has concluded that your fitness to practise is not impaired . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The U.K. was the likely source of a series of attacks last week that took down popular Web sites in the U.S. and South Korea , according to an analysis performed by a Vietnamese computer security analyst .
The results contradict assertions made by some in the U.S. and South Korean governments that North Korea was behind the attack .
Security analysts had been skeptical of the claims , which were reportedly made in off - the - record briefings and for which proof was never delivered .
The week - long distributed denial of service attack involved sending multiple requests to a handful of Web sites from tens of thousands of computers so the sites became overloaded .
Among the sites taken offline at some time during the week were those of the U.S. Departments of Transportation and Treasury , the U.S. Federal Trade Commission , the South Korea 's president 's home page , the South Korean national assembly and U.S. Forces Korea .
The computers used to send the flood of requests had been infected with a virus that allowed attackers to use them anonymously .
Every three minutes the infected computers randomly selected one of eight servers to connect to and receive orders , said Nguyen Minh Duc , senior security director at Bach Khoa Internetwork Security ( Bkis ) , in a blog posting on the company 's Web site .
Bkis says it gained control of two of the eight servers and through this has been able to discover the master server .
That server has an IP address in the 195.90.118.x range , Nguyen said .
The address is registered to Global Digital Broadcast in the U.K .
The company could not immediately be contacted .
" Having located the attacking source in UK , we believed that it is completely possible to find out the hacker , " Nguyen wrote .
Through analyzing the log files of the two servers it controls , Bkis said the attacks utilized 166,908 PCs in 74 countries that had been infected .
That figure is significantly higher than the " several tens of thousands " that other security companies had estimated were involved .
The largest number of infected PCs were in South Korea followed by the U.S. , China , Japan , Canada , Australia , the Philippines , New Zealand , the U.K. and Vietnam .
Translation Services in Pakistan
We provide free quote for any translation project including document translation , website translation or software localization project .
Since 2005 .
We , Translation.pk translation services in Pakistan , are specialized in different kind of translation services including document translation services , legal , medical , technical , financial and many other kind of localization .
Other than document translation , we also provide website translation and software translation & localization .
Translation.pk translation agency is located in Islamabad , Pakistan .
So , we Islamabad Translation Service can provide better services to our clients regarding embassy visa as well .
We have expert language translators for almost all languages .
Our qualified team consists of inhouse and freelance linguists , interpreters , translators , proofreaders , quality assurance managers , designers and web programmers , all with solid professional qualification and background in language translation and interpreting .
We are number one in providing professional translation services for all cities of Pakistan including Islamabad , Karachi , Lahore , Rawalpindi , Faisalabad , Multan , Peshawer , Sialkot , Gujrat , Hyderabad , Bahawalpur , Quetta , Abbotabad and everywhere in Pakistan .
You just send us scanned copy of your documents and we will send you translation via courier .
We have long list of International clients from famous cities of world such as London , New York , Sydney , Toronto etc .
We have best professionals for all international languages including Arabic , Check Republic , Chinese , Dutch , English , French , German , Greek , Hindi , Italian , Japanese , Korean , Latin , Polish , Portuguese , Russian , Spanish etc. Urdu , Balochi , Pashto , Punjabi , Sindhi are native languages spoken locally in Pakistan .
Translation.pk translation company work quality is very reliable .
Client data is always confidential to us .
Our translators translate better than others because their they have qualification and expertise in their field .
For about 5 months earlier this year , I made a decision to switch to an all - vegetarian diet .
There were about five or six reasons for my decision , with health and well - being at the top of the list .
In order to connect with today ’s post , you need to have some degree of agreement that avoiding meat is good for your health .
In addition to the anecdotal evidence I hear from others and my own experience with a vegetarian diet , there are some well - researched studies that support this view .
In any case , I wanted to explore an idea that has popped up more and more in recent years , perhaps because of the economic climate we ’re in – that a vegetarian diet can actually save you money !
Here is a list of five ways that vegetarianism ( and a good diet , in general ) really can save you money , starting with the most obvious :
1. Lower “ protein ” costs – Traditionally speaking , this is the tried - and - true argument for cost savings that every vegetarian uses .
The argument is that meat is one of the most expensive ingredients you can use , pound for pound .
By eliminating it from your diet and replacing it with lower - cost ingredients , the theory goes that we save money .
Think about it…rice , vegetables , fruits , beans … none of this stuff is terribly expensive .
Meat ? $ 4.99 / lb . for a crappy cut , $ 10 and up if you want the good stuff .
There are also some less thought about monetary benefits to vegetarianism , such as :
2. Lower health care costs – Having better health translates into lower costs of health care ( makes sense , right ? ) .
If you agree that a vegetarian diet can help you maintain a healthy weight and avoid all sorts of fun diseases , it makes sense that you ’re not going to spend as much on going to the doctor ( or the hospital ) .
Same goes for preventative care , but that ’s a whole other discussion .
3 . Lower health maintenance costs –
While doctor ’s visits are a direct cost that ’s easily conceptualized and measured , consider some of the costs and efforts we go through to simply maintain health .
Vegetarians are known to eat , on average , about 500 calories less than our meat - eating companions .
That translates roughly to about 45 minutes of vigorous exercise .
Would n’t you rather cancel your gym membership , take your family for a walk , and not worry about how you ’re going to burn off lunch ?
4 . Higher energy level –
An increased sense of energy experienced by many vegetarians can lead to increased productivity and accomplishments .
Higher performance at work leads to better pay , more energy at home leads to better relationships and less stress .
You get the better end of the stick in all respects , and it affects every other area of your life .
5 . Life insurance , anyone ?
I do n’t know about you , but when I last looked into life insurance options , I was bombarded with a series of questions about weight , health , habits , and told I ’d need to see a doctor for a check - up .
I ’m pretty sure that a more stable weight and better “ numbers ” – cholesterol and all that good stuff , will help me get a better premium .
And that ’s hard money saved .
I ’m not here to convince you .
Vegetarianism is an intensely personal choice that ’s not easy to make ( or to maintain ! ) .
But at least get your ( expletive deleted ) together and start eating right .
You might reap the benefits of many of these five items anyway .
Bon apetit !
Admitting that Functional Programming Can Be Awkward
My initial interest in functional programming was because it seemed so perverse .
At the time , I was the classic self - taught programmer , having learned BASIC and then 6502 assembly language so I could implement my own game designs .
I picked up the August 1985 issue of Byte magazine to read about the then - new Amiga .
It also happened to be the issue on declarative languages , featuring a reprint of Backus 's famous Turing Award Lecture and a tutorial on Hope , among other articles .
This was all pretty crazy stuff for an Atari 800 game coder to be reading about .
I understood some parts , completely missed vast swaths of others , but one key point caught my imagination : programming without modifiable variables .
How could that possibly work ?
I could n't write even the smallest game without storing values to memory .
It appealed to me for its impossibility , much in the way that I had heard machine language was too difficult for most people to approach .
But while I had pored over assembly language listings of games in magazines , and learned to write my own as a result , there was n't such direct applicability for functional programming .
It made me wonder , but I did n't use it .
Many years later when I first worked through tutorials for Haskell , Standard ML , and eventually Erlang , it was to figure out how programming without modifying variables could work .
In the small , it 's pretty easy .
Much of what seemed weird back in 1985 had become commonplace : garbage collection , using complex data structures without worrying about memory layout , languages with much less bookkeeping than C or Pascal .
But that " no destructive updates " thing was -- and still is -- tricky .
I suppose it 's completely obvious to point out that there have been tens of thousands of video games written using an imperative programming style , and maybe a handful - - maybe even just a couple of fingers worth - - of games written in a purely functional manner .
Sure , there have been games written in Lisp and some games written by language dilettantes fond of Objective Caml , but they never turn out to be programmed in a functional style .
You can write imperative code in those languages easily enough .
And the reason for going down that road is simple : it 's not at all clear how to write many types of complex applications in functional languages .
Usually I can work through the data dependencies , and often I find that there 's an underlying simplicity to the functional approach .
But for other applications ... well , they can turn into puzzles .
Where I can typically slog through a messy solution in C , the purely functional solution either eludes me or takes some puzzling to figure out .
In those cases I feel like I 'm fighting the system , and I realize why it 's the road less traveled .
Do n't believe it ?
Think that functional purity is always the road to righteousness ?
Here 's an easy example .
I wrote a semi- successful Mac game a while back called Bumbler .
At its heart it was your standard sprite - based game : lots of independent objects running some behavioral code and interacting with each other .
That kind of code looks easy to write in a purely functional way .
An ant , represented as a coordinate , marches across the screen in a straight line and is deleted when it hits the opposite screen edge .
That 's easy to see as a function .
One small clod of data goes in , another comes out .
But the behaviors and interactions can be a lot more tangled than this .
You could have an insect that chases other insects , so you 've got to pass in a list of existing entities to it .
You can have an insect that affects spawn rates of other other insects , but of course you can't modify those rates directly so you 've got to return that data somehow .
You can have an insect that latches onto eggs and turns them into something else , so now there 's a behavioral function that needs to reach into the list of entities and make modifications , but of you 're not allowed to do that .
You can have an insect that modifies the physical environment ( that is , the background of the game ) and spawns other insects .
And each of these is messier than it sounds , because there are so many counters and thresholds and limiters being managed and sounds being played in all kinds of situations , that the data flow is n't clean by any means .
What 's interesting is that it would be trivial to write this in C .
Some incrementing , some conditions , direct calls to sound playing routines and insect spawning functions , reading and writing from a pool of global counters and state variables .
For a purely functional approach , I 'm sure the data flow could be puzzled out ... assuming that everything was all perfectly planned and all the behaviors were defined ahead of time .
It 's much more difficult to take a pure movement function and say " okay , what I 'd like is for this object to gravitationally influence other objects once it has bounced off of the screen edges three times . "
Doable , yes .
As directly implementable as the C equivalent ?
No way .
That 's one option : to admit that functional programming is the wrong paradigm for some types of problems .
Fair enough .
I 'd put money on that .
But it also may be that almost no one has been thinking about problems like this , that functional programming attracts purists and enamored students .
In the game example above , some of the issues are solvable , they just need different approaches .
Other issues I do n't know how to solve , or at least I do n't have solutions that are as straightforward as writing sequential C .
And there you go ... I 'm admitting that functional programming is awkward in some cases .
It 's also extremely useful in others .
( Also see the follow - up . )
permalink November 9 , 2007
previously
* Photo : Nathan Kirkman *
Need to test a spaceship ?
For the past two decades , rocket scientists have been trucking prototypes to NASA 's Space Power Facility in Sandusky , Ohio .
The site 's 122 - foot - high aluminum vacuum chamber , the biggest on the planet , simulates the harsh conditions of outer space .
But to accommodate the next craft in line for testing —
Orion , the agency 's new vehicle for human space missions — the facility is going to require some remodeling .
When Orion launches in 2014 , it will be steeped in radar and radio frequencies generated by its own systems .
So NASA is outfitting the chamber with antennas that 'll bombard the vehicle with electromagnetic waves to see whether the controls go haywire .
The chamber also lets researchers test the craft in an airless environment at temperatures ranging from - 260 to 175 degrees Fahrenheit .
In an adjacent wing , NASA is building two more test bays .
The first — designed to gauge how Orion 's booster rocket , the punishingly powerful Ares I , could affect the craft — is a 2,500 - ton concrete platform ( anchored by steel rods in bedrock 50 feet down ) topped with hydraulic actuators that will shake the 75,000 - pound Orion with 45 minutes of intense sinusoidal vibrations along all three major axes .
The second is another sealed chamber lined with nitrogen - gas - powered horns to blast the module with 163 - dB noise , mimicking the acoustics of reaching for the sky at Mach 4.8 .
To avoid irking the neighbors , NASA is installing a soundproof concrete door that 's 2 feet thick and 57 feet tall .
Renovations are set to be completed by 2012 , so that the tests may be run before Orion heads for the International Space Station .
That should leave plenty of time to shake and rattle before it 's time to rock and roll .
Photo : Courtesy NASAStart Previous : 3 Smart Things About Referees Next : Clive Thompson on Remembering Not to Remember in an Age of Unlimited Memory Free Spirit : NASA Recreates Mars Surface to Liberate Rover
NASA 's Icy - Hot Rocket Engine
Oddities From NASA 's Massive Image Archive
40 Years After Apollo 11 , NASA Maps Out the Future
( CNN ) --
An air - supported roof over the Dallas Cowboys ' practice field collapsed during a heavy thunderstorm Saturday afternoon , leaving 12 people injured , authorities said .
An aerial view of the scene shows the Dallas Cowboys logo amid the ruins of the indoor practice facility .
About 70 people , including more than two dozen of the team 's rookies , were in the facility when it was blown down shortly before 3:30 p.m. ( 4:30 p.m. ET ) , team officials said .
Two or three suffered serious injuries , but none were believed to be in life - threatening condition Saturday night , said Dr. Paul Pepe , Dallas County 's emergency medical services chief .
CNN affiliate WFAA reported Cowboys special teams coach Joe DeCamillis , the son - in - law of former NFL head coach Dan Reeves , suffered a broken back .
DeCamillis was seen on a stretcher wearing a neck brace .
A line of heavy thunderstorms was moving through the Dallas area at the time , he said , but no other damage to buildings was reported , said Mike Adams , a dispatcher for the Irving , Texas , fire department .
Watch the roof collapse on players , coaches »
Arnold Payne , a photographer for WFAA , was shooting the Cowboys ' practice session when rain began falling " tremendously hard . "
" I noticed the walls started to waver ... and then I noticed that the lights that were hanging from the ceiling started to sway , and it would n't stop , " Payne told CNN .
Shortly after that , he said , " It was as if someone took a stick pin and hit a balloon . "
Watch Payne describe being inside when structure collpased »
Payne said Cowboys staff photographers were up in the metal framework beneath the canopy to film the practice session and " actually rode the building down with the storm . "
At least one was in surgery Saturday night , he said .
" There was nowhere for them to go , and it fell so fast -- it just collapsed as if it was being imploded , " Payne said .
Video from CNN affiliate WFAA showed the roof caving in during a heavy storm , sending players , coaches and a handful of reporters and photographers scrambling to escape .
Cowboys ' owner Jerry Jones told NBC that about 27 rookies from the NFL team and members of the team 's coaching staff were inside the suburban Dallas facility at the time .
" They did not get good warning there , and the structure did collapse , " Jones said , speaking from the Kentucky Derby in Louisville .
" We 're assessing who 's injured at this particular time . "
CNN's Matt Smith contributed to this report .
This provides a great new tool that developers can use to raise awareness about the free software license they use for their work , and that users can use to find the software they 're looking for .
Here I 'll go over the technical details of how it works , and then explain how developers can use and benefit from it .
A Way - Too - Brief Overview of RDF
The Resource Description Framework , or RDF for short , is a data model for metadata .
You 're probably already familiar with metadata from your music library .
Many popular audio formats like Ogg Vorbis and FLAC let people store metadata about the song in the file : what the song 's title is , who wrote the song , who performed it , and so on .
These formats generally have their own specialized method of saving metadata directly inside the audio file .
RDF , however , offers a general framework for providing metadata about anything .
Because it 's so flexible , RDF does n't have any built - in vocabulary .
By itself , it does n't know how to say that Beethoven wrote his Symphony No. 9 ; people who want to use RDF to indicate this have to define a vocabulary that describes the relationship themselves .
For a long time , Creative Commons has published such a vocabulary for licenses , and used it to offer RDF metadata for the Creative Commons licenses .
This metadata briefly describes what the license allows the licensee to do , and what major conditions it places on a licensee .
This is not a complete description — or even a thorough summary — of the license 's terms , and it 's not intended to be .
Instead , it 's simply meant to highlight the license terms that people are most likely to care about when they 're looking for work that they can incorporate into their own projects .
We 've used Creative Commons ' vocabulary as much as possible to describe our own licenses .
The couple of additional terms we needed have been added to their documentation .
Thanks to this , it should be very easy for software that works with Creative Commons ' license metadata in some way to also handle ours .
It 's theoretically possible that some of this software can work with the new GNU license metadata without being changed at all .
How To Take Advantage Of This
If you 've published a work under one of the GNU licenses , the easiest way to get the most benefit from this metadata is to put a clear license link on your project 's web page .
Here 's an example of how to do this :
Foobar is free software ; you can redistribute it and / or modify it under the terms of the < a href = " http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html " rel= " license " > GNU General Public License </a > as published by the Free Software Foundation ; either version 3 of the License , or ( at your option ) any later version .
Of course , you should adapt this text as appropriate for your project .
There are two key points to bear in mind when you provide the link :
Make sure you include the rel= " license " attribute in your license link .
Software that crawls the web looking to associate works with specific licenses looks for a link like this first and foremost .
This will ensure that they pair your project with the right license .
If you want to link to a specific version of one of our licenses , please be sure to use one of our stable license links .
Links like this will set the stage for people to develop tools that use all this metadata to provide useful information to others .
In the future , someone who 's working on an LGPL - covered library will be able to search for other LGPL - covered code all over the web that can help make the job easier .
Or a writer who wants to make documentation for a program will be able to search for a manual published under the FDL that they can use as a starting point .
The possibilities are endless , but first we need authors and developers to publish this information .
Next time you update your project 's web site , make sure it has a license link like this — then you 'll be ready when new tools arrive to make use of it .
AT&T ’s Mark Seigel has asked that complaint messages be sent to a different e-mail address , provided below .
Will England of Sprint says the company has now created a brand - new customer forum dedicated to this topic .
T- Mobile had deleted hundreds of complaints on this topic from its forum , and even blocked any new messages containing the word “ beep . ”
But it has now created a new forum just for complaints on this topic , linked below .
Over the past week , in The New York Times and on my blog , I ’ve been ranting about one particularly blatant money - grab by American cellphone carriers : the mandatory 15 - second voicemail instructions .
Suppose you call my cell to leave me a message .
First you hear my own voice : “ Hi , it ’s David Pogue .
Leave a message , and I ’ll get back to you ” –and THEN you hear a 15 - second canned carrier message .
* Sprint : “ [ Phone number ] is not available right now .
Please leave a detailed message after the tone .
When you have finished recording , you may hang up , or press pound for more options . ”
* Verizon : “ At the tone , please record your message .
When you have finished recording , you may hang up , or press 1 for more options .
To leave a callback number , press 5 . ( Beep ) ”
* AT&T : “ To page this person , press five now .
At the tone , please record your message .
When you are finished , you may hang up , or press one for more options . ”
* T - Mobile : “ Record your message after the tone .
To send a numeric page , press five .
When you are finished recording , hang up , or for delivery options , press pound . ”
( You hear a similar message when you call in to hear your own messages .
“ You .
Have .
15 . Messages .
To listen to your messages , press 1 . ” WHY ELSE WOULD I BE CALLING ? )
I , the voicemailbox owner , cannot turn off this additional greeting message .
You , the caller , can bypass it , but only if you know the secret keypress–and it ’s different for each carrier .
So you ’d have to know which cellphone carrier I use , and that of every person you ’ll ever call ; in other words , this trick is no solution .
[ UPDATE : Apple iPhone owners do n’t hear these instructions –Apple insisted that AT&T remove them .
And Sprint already DOES let you turn off the instructions message , although it ’s a buried , multi-step procedure , which you can read in the comments below . ]
These messages are outrageous for two reasons .
First , they waste your time .
Good heavens : it ’s 2009 .
WE KNOW WHAT TO DO AT THE BEEP .
Do we really need to be told to hang up when we ’re finished !?
Would anyone , ever , want to “ send a numeric page ? ”
Who still carries a pager , for heaven ’s sake ?
Or what about “ leave a callback number ? ”
We can SEE the callback number right on our phones !
Second , we ’re PAYING for these messages .
These little 15 - second waits add up–bigtime .
If Verizon ’s 70 million customers leave or check messages twice a weekday , Verizon rakes in about $ 620 million a year .
That ’s your money .
And your time : three hours of your time a year , just sitting there listening to the same message over and over again every year .
In 2007 , I spoke at an international cellular conference in Italy .
The big buzzword was ARPU–Average Revenue Per User .
The seminars all had titles like , “ Maximizing ARPU In a Digital Age . ”
And yes , several attendees ( cell executives ) admitted to me , point - blank , that the voicemail instructions exist primarily to make you use up airtime , thereby maximizing ARPU .
Right now , the carriers continue to enjoy their billion - dollar scam only because we ’re not organized enough to do anything about it .
But it does n’t have to be this way .
You do n’t have to sit there , waiting to leave your message , listening to a speech recorded by a third - grade teacher on Ambien .
Let ’s push back , and hard .
We want those time - wasting , money - leaking messages eliminated , or at least made optional .
I asked my Twitter followers for help coming up with a war cry , a slogan , to identify this campaign .
They came up with some good ones :
“ Where ’s the Beep ? ”
“ Let it Beep ”
“ We Know .
Let ’s Go. ”
“ Lose the Wait ”
“ My Voicemail , My Recording ”
“ Hell , no , we wo n’t hold ! ”
My favorite , though , is the one that sounds like a call to action : “ Take Back the Beep . ”
And here ’s how we ’re going to do it .
We ’re going to descend , en masse , on our carriers .
Send them a complaint , politely but firmly .
Together , we ’ll send them a LOT of complaints .
If enough of us make our unhappiness known , I ’ll bet they ’ll change .
I ’ve told each of the four major carriers that they ’ll be hearing from us .
They ’ve told us where to send the messages :
* Verizon : Post a complaint here : //bit.ly / FJncH .
* AT&T : Send e-mail to : customerissues@attnews.us .
* Sprint : Post a complaint here : //bit.ly/9CmrZ
* T - Mobile : Post a complaint here : //bit.ly/2rKy0u .
Three of the four carriers are just directing us to their general Web forums .
Smells like a cop-out , I know .
Yet all four carriers promise that they ’ll read and consider our posts .
And we have two things going for us .
First , I have a feeling that the volume of complaints will be too big for them to ignore .
To that end , I hope you ’ll pass these instructions along , blog them , Twitter them , and spread the word .
( Gizmodo , Engadget , Consumerist and others have agreed to help out . )
And I hope you ’ll take the time to complain yourself .
Do it now , before you forget .
Second , we ’ll all be watching .
I ’ll be reporting on the carriers ’ responses .
If they ignore us , we ’ll shame them .
If they respond , we ’ll celebrate them .
Either way , it ’s time to rise up .
It ’s time for this crass , time - wasting money - grab to end for good .
||| - JEG HADDE BARE VÆRT KJÆRESTE med min muslimske mann i noen få uker da noen spurte meg :
Hva om dere får barn , og det er en gutt - må han omskjæres da ?
Slik starter boka til den danske juristen og journalisten Bente Dalsbæk .
Hun er gift med den kjente , danske politikeren Naser Khader , og nå har hun gitt ut en debattboka « Med eller uten skræl » om et tema som er mer omdiskutert i Danmark enn i Norge , nemlig omskjæring av gutter .
Explaining Metabase 🔗︎
At YAPC : :NA , Ricardo and I finally released some early alpha Metabase modules to CPAN .
Metabase is a project we started in 2008 at the Oslo QA Hackathon to provide a new transport and storage infrastructure for CPAN Testers and other CPAN distribution metadata .
We ’ve been working out of github until now , but think it ’s time to encourage others in the Perl programming community to take a look .
One of the challenges we ’ve had is just explaining Metabase to people .
Here ’s what I ’ve come up with : Metabase is a database framework and web API to store and search opinions from anyone about anything .
In the terminology of Metabase , Users store Facts about Resources .
Facts are really opinions or claims ; there is no inherent truth in them .
Resources are logical identifiers , generally in the form of a URI , since the things we ’re most interested in describing are online .
Since CPAN
Testers is our first use case , I ’ll use that to illustrate the concept .
Currently , CPAN Testers email test reports about distributions on CPAN .
In the Metabase world , each CPAN tester is a User .
The Resource is a CPAN distribution file – a ‘ distfile ’ URI that describes a distribution tarball on CPAN such as cpan://distfile / DAGOLDEN / Capture - Tiny - 0.06.tar.gz .
The Fact is the test report .
Today that ’s just the text of the email message , but in the future it will be structured data .
( ( Technically , a CPAN Testers report will be a collection of more granular facts like prerequisites , test output , environment and so on . ) )
It ’s easy to see how this can be generalized to an entire ecosystem of facts and opinions about CPAN distributions , such as CPANTS , ratings , annotations , tags , etc .
Today , every CPAN website has its own database and its own API so mashups and remixes require building an interface to each .
Metabase offers the possibility of a unified way for all these tools to store , share and cross-reference information about CPAN .
Design considerations 🔗︎
Metabase has some similarities to other , general ontology frameworks , but we decided to focus our efforts around some pragmatic tradeoffs using CPAN Testers to guide the design .
We think these decisions generalize well to other uses , but we ’re trying to follow a YAGNI strategy and only implement what CPAN Testers will need before worrying about more general cases .
(1) High fact volume 🔗︎
There are currently about 18,000 “ latest ” distributions on CPAN , and the entire history of CPAN is a bit over 100,000 distributions .
By contrast , there are over 4 million CPAN Testers reports already and the total is growing by about 250,000 per month .
Reports are usually consumed as a batch process to create summary statistics on the CPAN Testers website and relatively few reports are ever reviewed in detail .
Therefore , the Metabase design to date prioritizes Fact submission over search and retrieval .
(2) Minimalist Perl for client libraries 🔗︎
Many CPAN
Testers want to run smoke tests using a Perl installation that has as few extra modules installed as possible .
Therefore , any Metabase components used by clients such as Metabase : : Fact or Metabase : : Client : : Simple need minimal non-core dependencies .
On the other hand , anything that will run on the server side can take full advantage of Modern Perl tools like Moose , DBIC and Catalyst .
(3) No barriers to contribution 🔗︎
Today , new CPAN Testers do n’t have to register or get authorized to start contributing , they just start sending emails to a mailing list that collects reports .
For Metabase , users generate a user profile fact and submit it as a credential with their facts .
Metabase manages user identities within the Metabase itself – adding new users automatically – allowing new contributors to join without any external pre-authorization hurdles that might discourage participation .
( ( Verification or authorization is optional ) )
(4) Open to extension and evolution 🔗︎
We want to make CPAN Testers tools available for corporations or perl5 - porters or anyone with customized testing needs .
We want people to come up with new facts and new resources .
That means defining interfaces well and leaving implementation details open to change .
Metabase allows lots of choices about things like underlying data storage technologies or permissible fact types .
Metabase specifies data storage capabilities , but the actual database storage is pluggable , from flat files to relational databases to cloud services .
Metabase defines how Fact classes can provide validation and custom index data on top of a very simple data model .
Moreover , Metabase is a fairly dumb repository ; any intelligent analysis must be done by third parties extracting and transforming data .
Where do we go from here ? 🔗︎
I ’ve successfully submitted test reports to a local Metabase , but for Metabase to become what we need for CPAN Testers ( and more ) , there are still quite a number of things to do :
Improve documentation
Test and refine Metabase components
Design and implement search capabilities
Establish one or more ‘ development server ’
Metabases for testing robustness and throughput
Migrate the 4 million CPAN Testers reports from NNTP to Metabase
Migrate CPAN
Testers downstream analytics to use Metabase as a source
Have some CPAN Testers pilot submitting reports to Metabase
Develop and release new CPAN Testers clients that can submit structured Metabase reports
If you are interested in following or participating in Metabase , there is a ( still low - volume ) mailing list you can subscribe to and several of the key developers can be found on #toolchain on irc.perl.org .
Chadwick was incarcerated for failing to turn over $ 2.5 million for distribution in a divorce settlement .
He contends the money was lost in a bad investment overseas .
His ex-wife , Barbara Applegate , says Chadwick spirited the money out of the county .
They ’re big , bulky , brawny .
In a world which has an almost - obsession with being fit and looking good , how is that there are some individuals who can take bodybuilding to the extreme ?
They ’re not satisfied with merely developing six - pack abs or good - looking biceps .
What they did is take bodybuilding to the next level by working out as much as they can .
The results ?
A man with the world ’s biggest biceps , the world ’s biggest shoulders and extremely sculpted men who won multiple bodybuilding titles such as Mr. Olympia and Mr. Universe .
The Importance of Bodybuilding
Before revealing which bodybuilders took their dedication in extreme bodybuilding , let us first discover the many reasons why they do it in the first place .
If you do n’t plan to join a bodybuilding contest , what are the benefits that this type of activity will bring for you ?
Take a look at the following list :
Bodybuilding develops your dedication and patience .
Aside from the fact that you will reap the fruits of your labor by having a great - looking , well - shaped body later on , bodybuilding as an activity will help develop your dedication and patience .
This is especially true for bodybuilders who are working hard to develop the muscles that they have in order to join a competition .
You wo n’t believe the dedication and patience that it takes to go to the gym , stick to your workout routine and practice the self - discipline necessary to reach your fitness goals .
There are a lot of health benefits that you will get to enjoy when taking up bodybuilding .
The minute that you decide to take on bodybuilding , you are already on your way towards enjoying the many health benefits that it brings .
First of all , bodybuilding is an activity that will lower your cholesterol .
As your muscles develop , you are also hopefully sticking to a healthy eating routine .
This way , the fat in your diet will essentially be eliminated .
Also , all that heavy lifting will benefit your cardiovascular system .
[ Cardiovascular Fitness ]
Strong bones , better flexibility , increased muscular strength and volume – these are the other health benefits of bodybuilding .
10 Bodybuilders Who Took Things to the Extreme
Now , let us take a look at the list of the top 10 biggest bodybuilders who took bodybuilding a bit too seriously , which ended up making them look really big , bulky and brawny :
1. Arnold Schwarzenegger
Before he was known as California ’s “ Governator ” , Arnold Schwarzenegger used to be a bodybuilder .
He ’s an American and Austrian actor , businessman and politician who started weight training at the age of 15 .
To sum up his bodybuilding accomplishments , he earned the title of Mr. Universe at the age of 22 .
Later on in his bodybuilding career , he won the Mr. Olympia contest seven times .
Even long after his retirement in the sport , he still remained to be a prominent figure in the world of extreme bodybuilding .
What makes Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s career in bodybuilding so significant is that he managed to popularize the sport by becoming its spokesperson , especially later on when he became an actor in Hollywood films .
According to him , he had the following measurements during the peak of his career : 20 ″ calves , 28.5 ″ thighs , 34 ″ waist , 57 ″ chest and 22 ″ arms .
His personal record in bodybuilding was 181 kg/400 lbs for 12 repetitions in a full squat .
The Governator earned his first Mr. Olympia title in 1970 at the age of 23 , making him the youngest bodybuilder to ever hold the title .
He went on to win the title six more times .
2. Charles Atlas
You probably wo n’t believe the story of how the late Charles Atlas has grown from becoming a scrawny weakling to one of the most popular extreme bodybuilders when he was still at his prime .
The Italy - born bodybuilder was dubbed in 1921 by the Physical Culture magazine to be the “ World ’s Most Perfectly Developed Man “ .
Aside from being a world - renowned bodybuilder , Atlas also became popular for his Dynamic Tension program .
3. Dr. Franco Columbu
He may be a 67 - year old man today , but Italian actor and bodybuilder Dr. Franco Columbu was an extreme bodybuilder who was also a “ World ’s Strongest Man ” competitor .
Despite his not being as tall as his bodybuilder counterparts , Dr. Columbu did not allow this to prevent him from achieving worldwide success .
During the 1977 competition for the World ’s Strongest Man , he bagged the first place and that signaled a winning streak for him .
Mr. World , Mr. Universe , Mr. Europe , a four - time winner of the Mr. Olympia title , champion power lifting titles and power lifting best lifts are among his accomplishments in the extreme bodybuilding industry .
4. Louis Lou Jude Ferrigno
Those who are old enough may remember Lou Ferrigno as the man in the television series and movies who played the Incredible Hulk .
The 57 - year old actor appeared in countless magazine covers which featured biggest bodybuilders .
His first bodybuilding award came in 1971 , when he bagged the title of Pro Mr. America .
He also went on to win four Mr. Olympia titles .
At the peak of his bodybuilding career , Lou Ferrigno was known as one of the tallest professional bodybuilders , standing at a height of 6 ’ 5 ″ .
5. Sergio Olivia
His nickname in the bodybuilding industry is “ The Myth ” .
Sergio Olivia earned this nickname because someone commented at how unbelievable he is as a bodybuilder when he joined a 1967 Montreal World Fair competition .
This Cuba - born athlete has quite a number of feats under his belt .
He ’s the only extreme bodybuilder to win all the top titles in four major bodybuilding federations .
He ’s the first black athlete to win Mr. America , Mr. World , Mr. Universe and the Mr. Olympia titles .
6. Dexter Jackson
Also known as “ The Blade ” , Dexter Jackson is yet another bodybuilder who took working out to the extreme .
He first became active in the world of bodybuilding in 1992 .
His most recent accomplishment came in winning the Mr. Olympia titles for 2008 .
The 5 ’ 6 ″ , 39 - year old athlete joined a seemingly endless number of bodybuilding contests and until now , he is working towards maintaining his perfectly sculptured body .
7. Dorian Yates
Yates was born in Hurley , Staffordshire , near Birmingham , England .
He started working out in 1983 .
After some victories in England – Novice Championships in 1985 and British Championships in 1988 , Yates visited New York for the 1990 Night of Champions and , in his pro-debut , he came second to Mohamed Benaziza .
He won the contest next year when he returned .
Yates may well be the extreme bodybuilder that most aspiring trainees can best identify with because of his blue - collar roots , dogged determination and quiet confidence .
8. Markus Rühl
German bodybuilder Markus Rühl is a professional bodybuilder known for having the world ’s biggest shoulders as well as one of the tallest athletes during his time .
Standing at 5 ’ 10 ” , his competition weight reached to more than 130 kilograms and his chest size measured an astounding 60 ″ .
Through the course of his extreme bodybuilding career , Markus Rühl went on to win titles as Mr. Olympia and other awards in different bodybuilding contests – with his huge shoulders as his main asset .
9. Ronnie Coleman
For a bodybuilder , earning a Mr. Olympia title is one of the best accomplishments that he will ever have in his career .
But what if you multiply that feat eight times over ?
That ’s exactly the number of times that Ronald Dean ‘ Ronnie ’ Coleman won the Mr. Olympia title .
Through the course of his bodybuilding career , he went on to bag several awards in different competitions .
He also is the man behind training videos like “ Ronnie Coleman ’s First Training Video “ , “ The Unbelievables ” , “ The Cost of Redemption ” , “ On the Road ” , “ Relentless ” and “ Invincible ” .
10 . Johnnie O. Jackson
Johnnie O. Jackson is a New Jersey native and another extreme bodybuilder .
When you look at his photos , he is not as bulky and as brawny as his other bodybuilding counterparts , but what makes him stand out from the rest is the density and thickness of his muscles – even without flexing them .
By GottaLaff
Time Magazine has conducted an on - line poll to determine who , since the death of Walter Cronkite , now holds the title of America 's Most Trusted News Anchor™ .
Bizarrely , it 's Jon Stewart , host of Comedy Central 's The Daily Show . [...]
Stewart uses the news , and his interviews with news makers , as a foil for some pretty brilliant comedy .
As part of that comedy , he often presents his audience with what the " news " actually means . [...]
Perhaps Time Magazine included him in the poll as a tongue - in - cheek measure .
But maybe , just maybe , Jon Stewart was included because he keeps doing the job that many actual journalists should be doing .
Over and over again .
UPDATE , the link to the poll .
Allow me to add , he cuts through the usual b.s. in a highly engaging way .
He has a knack for getting people to drop their guard while confronting them with unvarnished truth .
And he zeroes in on what really matters to his viewers .
All that in only has 22 minutes .
That is a feat in and of itself .
Finally , as an aside , what amazes me as a comedy writer and former TV performer is that he rarely has a bad writing or on - camera moment .
That 's pretty remarkable .
The fact that a Foxconn employee committed suicide or that mistreatment by Foxconn security did n't seem like it was in question , but Apple 's official response to the matter just confirms that events did occur at the very least , somewhat along the lines of what was impled .
" We are saddened by the tragic loss of this young employee and we are awaiting results of the investigations into his death , " Apple spokeswoman Kristin Huguet told CNET on Tuesday .
" We require our suppliers to treat all workers with dignity and respect . "
Advertisement
If the allegations of mistreatment do turn up to be true , let 's hope Apple drops Foxconn as a supplier , even if it means customers have to pay more for their products .
One death is one death too many , and it's not as if Foxconn 's mistreatment of workers was a secret before .
[ CNET ]
Rex and Saskia are on holiday , a young couple in love .
They stop at a busy service station and Saskia disappears .
Rex dedicates the next three years trying to find her .
Then he receives some postcards from her abductor , who promises to reveal what has happened to Saskia .
The abductor , Raymond Lemorne , is a chilling character to whom Rex is drawn by his intense desire to learn the truth behind his lovers disappearance .
The truth is more sinister than he dared imagine .
Written by Matthew Stanfield < mattst@cogs.susx.ac.uk >
ROME ( Reuters ) - A team of archaeologists using sonar technology to scan the seabed have discovered a “ graveyard ” of five pristine ancient Roman shipwrecks off the small Italian island of Ventotene .
Amphorae from a Roman shipwreck are seen on the seabed near the island of Ventotene in a June 19 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Timmy Gambin / Aurora Trust
The trading vessels , dating from the first century BC to the fifth century AD , lie more than 100 meters underwater and are amongst the deepest wrecks discovered in the Mediterranean in recent years , the researchers said on Thursday .
Part of an archipelago situated halfway between Rome and Naples on Italy ’s west coast , Ventotene historically served as a place of shelter during rough weather in the Tyrrhenian Sea .
“ The ships appear to have been heading for safe anchorage , but they never made it , ” said Timmy Gambin , head of archaeology for the Aurora Trust ( www.auroratrust.com).
“ So in a relatively small area we have five wrecks ... a graveyard of ships . ”
The vessels were transporting wine from Italy , prized fish sauce from Spain and north Africa , and a mysterious cargo of metal ingots from Italy , possibly to be used in the construction of statues or weaponry .
Gambin said the wrecks revealed a pattern of trade in the empire : at first Rome exported its produce to its expanding provinces , but gradually it began to import from them more and more of the things it once produced .
In Roman times Ventotene , known as Pandataria , was used to exile disgraced Roman noblewomen .
The Emperor Augustus sent his daughter Julia there because of her adultery .
During the 20th century , Italian dictator Benito Mussolini used the remote island as a prison for political opponents .
Images of the wrecks show their crustacean - clad cargoes spilling onto the seafloor , after marine worms ate away the wooden hull of the vessels .
Due to their depth , the ships have lain untouched for hundreds of years but Gambin said the increasing popularity of deep water diving posed a threat to the Mediterranean ’s archaeological treasures .
“ There is a race against time , ” he said .
“ In the next 10 years , there will be an explosion in mixed - gas diving and these sites will be accessible to ordinary treasure hunters . ”
PARIS  After bruising global downturns , the American economy has usually led the world back to growth , but developing countries could be the engine that powers the next recovery .
Despite fears just months ago that they would be among the biggest victims of the financial crisis , emerging giants like China , India and Brazil are set to rebound strongly next year , the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development predicted Wednesday  as Europe , the United States and Japan lag .
“ It ’s good to have a locomotive out there pulling the train , ” Ángel Gurría , the O.E.C.D. ’s secretary general said , referring to China , India and Brazil .
“ But we ca n’t put the onus on their shoulders  they help , but they ca n’t get us out of the hole . ”
The divergence between the emerging and the developed countries suggests that the once - popular theory of decoupling  the notion that the emerging markets could be moving independently of the developed economies  may make a comeback .
Which coach did n’t vote for Tim Tebow as All - SEC quarterback ?
The SEC recently released its preseason coaches All - SEC team and unsurprisingly , Florida ’s Tim Tebow was everyone ’s choice as first team quarterback .
Well , not everyone ’s choice apparently .
Only three players were unanimous choices on the first team : LSU offensive lineman Ciron Black , Tennessee defensive back Eric Berry and Alabama wide receiver Julio Jones .
Tebow , the 2007 Heisman Trophy winner who led the Gators to a national championship in 2008 , was not a unanimous choice .
Coaches were n’t allowed to vote for their own players , so a unanimous pick got 11 of 12 votes .
Tebow got 10 of 12 votes , which means one of the SEC coaches does n’t think that he ’ll be the best quarterback in the conference this season .
But which coach that was is uncertain .
Of all the quarterbacks in the SEC , the only one who might draw a vote away from Tebow is Ole Miss ’ signal caller Jevan Snead .
But if the Rebels ’ Houston
Nutt could n’t vote for him , then who did ?
If we could hold a blame storming session for a second , I ’d like to blame either Lane Kiffin or Bobby Petrino – Kiffin because he ’s proven to be a pimple on every SEC coaches ’ ass since becoming head coach at Tennessee , and Petrino because he ’s essentially the Hans Gruber of the college football world .
Not that this is a huge deal because after all , it ’s just a preseason All - SEC team .
But any time we get the opportunity to throw Petrino under the bus for something , it must be fully taken advantage of .
Robert Luketic 's new romantic comedy The Ugly Truth is " sexist and misogynistic , " said Melissa Silverstein in The Huffington Post .
Starring Katherine Heigl as a " good at work but bad at life " TV producer , and Gerard Butler as a sexist cable - access show host who becomes involved with her , the movie is " riddled with clichés about competent women and how they are all control freaks , have cats , wear ponytails , wear comfortable clothes , do n't masturbate , etc. " ( watch the trailer for The Ugly Truth ) .
" For a movie aimed primarily at a female audience , " said Rene Rodriguez in The Miami Herald , " The Ugly Truth seems strangely intent on setting the women 's movement back three or four decades . "
It 's also strange that this movie was written by three women , and that Heigl " served as co-executive producer — with her mother ! "
And this is the same Katherine Heigl who " had the temerity to decry Knocked Up as sexist shortly after its release .
Is this her idea of a corrective ? "
Look , The Ugly Truth may be a " drearily formulaic romantic comedy " in which " the guy and the girl who hate each other " at first wind up together , said Christy Lemire in The Canadian Press , but it 's little more than that .
The film 's " graphically sexual and profane dialogue " is merely " a transparent and desperate attempt at being edgy , " but it 's neither offensive nor amusing .
SUN VALLEY , Idaho ( Reuters ) - Google Inc plans to attack Microsoft Corp ’s core business by taking on the software giant ’s globally dominant Windows operating system for personal computers .
Google , which already offers a suite of e-mail , Web and other software products that compete with Microsoft , said on Tuesday it would launch a new operating system that will initially be targeted at netbooks .
Microsoft shares fell 1.4 percent to $ 22.22 in early Nasdaq trade on Wednesday .
Google shares rose 1.2 percent to $ 401.36 .
Called the Google Chrome Operating System , the new software will be in netbooks for consumers in the second half of 2010 , Google said in a blog post , adding that it was working with multiple manufacturers .
Netbooks are low - cost notebook PCs designed for Internet surfing and other Web - based applications .
“ It ’s been part of their culture to go after and remove Microsoft as a major holder of technology , and this is part of their strategy to do it , ” said Rob Enderle , principal analyst at Enderle Group .
“ This could be very disruptive .
If they can execute , Microsoft is vulnerable to an attack like this , and they know it , ” he said .
Google and Microsoft have locked horns over the years in a variety of markets , from Internet search to mobile software .
It remains to be seen if Google can take market share away from Microsoft on its home turf , with Windows currently installed in more than 90 percent of the world ’s PCs .
The news comes as executives from the world ’s biggest technology and media companies , including Google and Microsoft , gather in Sun Valley , Idaho for an annual conference organized by boutique investment bank Allen & Co .
A spokesman for Microsoft declined to comment .
Key to success will be whether Google can lock in partnerships with PC makers , such as Hewlett - Packard Co and Dell Inc , which currently offer Windows on most of their product lines .
Hewlett - Packard
Co , the world ’s largest PC brand , declined to confirm if it would sell PCs running on the new operating system .
“ We are looking into it ” said HP spokeswoman Marlene Somsak , referring to the operating system .
“ We want to understand all the different operating systems available to customers , and will assess the impact of Chrome on the computer and communications industry . ”
Google ’s Chrome Internet browser , launched in late 2008 , remains a distant fourth in the Web browser market , with a 1.2 percent share in February , according to market research firm Net Applications .
Microsoft ’s Internet Explorer continues to dominate with nearly 70 percent .
A man walks past Google Inc. headquarters in Mountain View , May 8 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Kimberly
White
FAST AND LIGHTWEIGHT
The new Chrome OS is expected to work well with many of the company ’s popular software applications , such as Gmail , Google Calendar and Google Maps .
It will be fast and less memory - intensive , enabling users to access the Web in a few seconds , Google said .
The new operating system is based on open - source Linux code , which allows third - party developers to design compatible applications .
“ The operating systems that browsers run on were designed in an era where there was no web , ” Sundar Pichai , vice president of product management at Google , said in the blog post .
The Chrome operating system is “ our attempt to rethink
what operating systems should be . ”
Google said the operating system was a new project , separate from its Android mobile operating software found in some smartphones .
Acer Inc , the world ’s No. 3 PC brand , has already agreed to sell netbooks that run on Android to be released this quarter .
The new system is designed to work with ARM and x86 chips , the main chip architectures in use in the market .
Microsoft has previously said it would not support PCs running on ARM chips , allowing Google an opportunity to infiltrate that segment .
Charlene Li , partner at consulting company Altimeter Group , said Google ’s new system could initially appeal to consumers looking for a netbook - like device for Web surfing , rather than people who use desktop PCs for gaming or high - powered applications .
But eventually , the Google operating system has the potential to scale up to larger , more powerful PCs , especially if it proves to run faster than Windows , she said .
Google did not say how much it would charge for the operating system ( OS ) , but Enderle expects Google to charge at most a nominal fee or make it free , saying the company ’s business model has been to earn revenue from connecting applications or advertising .
Microsoft declines to say how much it charges PC brands for Windows , but most analysts estimate about $ 20 for the older XP system and at least $ 150 for the current Vista system .
Altimeter ’s Li added : “ A benefit to the consumer is that the cost saving is passed on , not having to pay for an OS .
It ’s clearly positioned as a shot across the bow of Microsoft . ”
The business of selling videogames used to be pretty simple : A wholesaler sells a game to a store .
The store sells the game to a consumer .
The consumer plays the game .
Today , we 're in a new era .
Hundreds of millions of gaming consoles and PCs with ever - growing amounts of storage space are now equipped with high - speed internet connections , allowing gamers to quickly and easily access new content directly from the source without venturing outside the living room .
PC gamers have long been downloading full , brand - new games from Steam and other sources , and console gamers are following suit .
On August 11 , Microsoft will launch its Games on Demand service , offering more than 30 full Xbox 360 titles for sale by download .
Sony 's PlayStation Network , for its part , offers a handful of otherwise disc - based PS3 games for download , including Burnout Paradise , Warhawk and Gran Turismo 5 Prologue .
It 's no stretch of the imagination to see that these are baby steps towards brand - new , full - featured games being delivered via direct download .
The videogame industry is also in the early stages of developing cloud - based business models where all the game content and computing power is remotely accessed from a far - off data center - just log in and play , no disk or massive download required .
Accessing content online has some benefits for gamers .
It 's incredibly convenient .
We can receive patches to update our games , download expansion packs and even purchase some games without leaving the couch .
We can also download demos to try out new titles , something I wish I had 20 years ago before I bought garbage like Friday the 13th for the NES .
But if you care about things like games staying affordable and having some choice as a consumer , you might want to start worrying right about now .
At its core , the movement from standard methods of content delivery to virtual ones is just a big , crazy chase for dollars .
This shift will have a major impact on the whole supply chain from console - makers to software publishers and retailers .
Taking a look at GameStop 's SEC reports gives us a glimpse into some of the industry 's inner workings at the retail level .
The company 's financial statements indicate that the markup on a new title is somewhere in the neighborhood of 20 percent , or about $ 10 for a game retailing at $ 60 .
These markups represent dollars that software publishers would love to have for themselves .
Would n't it be great for Activision if it could keep the whole $ 59.99 for a brand - new Xbox 360 or PS3 title instead of sharing it with a retailer ?
Just a few dollars multiplied by millions of units adds up to a pretty nice chunk of change .
If the middle man is making money you want , you take him out .
Millions of would - be galaxies failed to develop after being exposed to intense heat from the first stars and black holes formed in the early Universe , according to new research .
Our Milky
Way galaxy only survived because it was already immersed in a large clump of dark matter which trapped gases inside it , scientists led by Durham University 's Institute for Computational Cosmology ( ICC ) found .
The research , presented at an international conference on July 1 , 2009 also forms a core part of a new ICC movie charting the evolution of the Milky Way to be shown at the Royal Society .
The researchers said that the early Milky Way , which had begun forming stars , held on to the raw gaseous material from which further stars would be made .
This material would otherwise have been evaporated by the high temperatures generated by the " ignition " of the Universe about half - a- billion years after the Big Bang .
Tiny galaxies , inside small clumps of dark matter , were blasted away by the heat which reached approximate temperatures of between 20,000 and 100,000 degrees centigrade , the scientists , including experts at Japan 's University of Tsukuba , said .
Dark matter is thought to make up 85 per cent of the Universe 's mass and is believed to be one of the building blocks of galaxy formation .
Using computer simulations carried out by the international Virgo Consortium ( which is led by Durham ) the scientists examined why galaxies like the Milky Way have so few companion galaxies or satellites .
advertisement
Astronomers have found a few dozen small satellites around the Milky Way , but the simulations revealed that hundreds of thousands of small clumps of dark matter should be orbiting our galaxy .
The scientists said the heat from the early stars and black holes rendered this dark matter barren and unable to support the development of satellite star systems .
The findings will be presented to The Unity of the Universe conference to be held at the Institute of Cosmology and Gravitation , at the University of Portsmouth on Wednesday , July 1 .
The work has been funded by the Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) and the Japanese Society for the Promotion of Science .
The simulations also form part of a new ICC movie – called Our Cosmic Origins – which combines ground - breaking simulations with observations of galaxies to track the evolution of the Milky Way over the 13 - billion - year history of the Universe .
Joint lead investigator Professor Carlos Frenk , Director of the Institute for Computational Cosmology , at Durham University , said : " The validity of the standard model of our Universe hinges on finding a satisfactory explanation for why galaxies like the Milky Way have so few companions .
advertisement
" The simulations show that hundreds of thousands of small dark matter clumps should be orbiting the Milky Way , but they did n't form galaxies .
" We can demonstrate that it was almost impossible for these potential galaxies to survive the extreme heat generated by the first stars and black holes .
" The heat evaporated gas from the small dark matter clumps , rendering them barren .
Only a few dozen front - runners which had a head start on making stars before the Universe ignited managed to survive . "
By providing a natural explanation for the origin of galaxies , the simulations support the view that cold dark matter is the best candidate for the mysterious material believed to make up the majority of our Universe , the scientists added .
It is now up to experimental physicists to either find this dark matter directly or to make it in a particle accelerator such as the Large Hadron Collider at CERN .
Professor Frenk , added : " Identifying the dark matter is not only one of the most pressing problems in science today , but also the key to understanding the formation of galaxies . "
Joint lead investigator Dr Takashi Okamoto from the University of Tsukuba said : " These are still early days in trying to make realistic galaxies in a computer , but our results are very encouraging . "
Presentations :
1. Constraining feedback in galaxy formation : cosmological simulations of satellite galaxy formation , Okamoto , T ; Frenk CS ; Jenkins A ; and Theuns T , July 2009 .
2 . The origin of failed subhaloes and the common mass scale of the Milky Way satellite galaxies , Okamoto , T and Frenk CS , July 2009 .
By any reasonable analysis , eBay should have been a nightmare for archaeologists , allowing looted goods a new outlet , one that eliminated any cloak - and - dagger aspects of the illicit trade in antiquities by allowing the trade to flourish in plain sight , hidden by the anonymity of users ' accounts and the sheer volume of goods changing hands .
But , according to at least one archaeologist who specializes in the civilizations of pre-Columbian South America , that has n't been the case at all .
Instead , by swamping the market with fakes , eBay has made forgery a far more lucrative business , and destroyed the economics of looting .
That argument , made by Charles Stanish , a professor of anthropology at UCLA , appears in an open access article in the journal Archaeology .
In a nod to one of my favorite movies , Stanish subtitles his article , " Or , how I learned to stop worrying and love eBay . "
Despite the journal it appears in , the discussion is primarily one of economics .
At the root of developments is the fact that the people who did the actual looting were , apparently , not paid all that well .
The money in antiquities smuggling , at least according to Stanish , went to the middlemen , the ones that forged the papers , got things past customs , etc .
Looting is also a high - risk activity , even in cases where law enforcement is lax , given that there 's no guarantee of finding suitably intact materials .
Of course , even a risky job at bad pay is better than nothing , but eBay has provided a viable alternative .
Small local workshops had developed around a lot of the tourist destinations associated with archeological sites , selling wares meant to evoke the past culture under varying degrees of pretense .
With eBay , those shops can go global , which has greatly expanded their market , and hence their ability to employ erstwhile looters in a low - risk activity .
Stanish says that it 's easy to recognize a lot of this material as fake , even at eBay resolution , but the proliferation of workshops has set off a bit of a Darwinian competition : those that can make better fakes are going upmarket , and the best are now producing material that will baffle anyone without access to sophisticated testing equipment .
Although that 's causing its own problems —
Stanish says the high - end stuff is showing up in museums and being used to train academics — it 's also had the side effect of killing the trade in expensive antiquities .
It 's just not worth spending a small fortune on something that now has a high probability of being a fake .
It 's a great read , and one that 's difficult to get through without finding yourself rooting for the forgers .
Imagine painting your body with a specially formulated ink and your gestures , movements or touch allowing you to communicate with electronic devices directly .
Bare is this new parasitic technology being explored where you apply the special paint to your body via brush , stamp , or spray .
The paint acts as a medium to send information from a person to another , transmit data from a person to a computer , or power small LEDs .
It ’s however limited to simple applications such as switching and data transfer that consume less power , but the potential is unlimited .
In the future we can see this technology being explored in the arena of dance , music , computer interfaces , communication and medical devices .
It even has a special place of contention in areas where wires are cumbersome .
The Ink per-se is temporary , non-toxic and water - soluble and is composed of non-metallic conductive particles suspended in food and cosmetic additives .
Thus it is safe for skin application .
The circuitry between the ink and the electronic device is completed when the small electrodes are placed directly on to the skin , which in turn transmits the data .
[ youtube : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsKLdQH1xdQ 468 344 ]
The Music Box seen here was an experimental performance that involved simultaneously choreographing dance and composing music using Bare as a conductive medium .
A professional dancer was invited to perform in the box , and as different parts of her body touched its surface , musical notes and patterns were created .
The result of this direct interaction between movement and sound was a unique and compelling performance .
Designers : Bibi Nelson , Matt Johnson , Isabel Lizardi & Becky Pilditch
Attempting to tackle climate change by trapping carbon dioxide or switching to nuclear power will not solve the problem of global warming , according to energy calculations published in the July issue of the International Journal of Global Warming .
Bo Nordell and Bruno Gervet of the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering at Luleå University of Technology in Sweden have calculated the total energy emissions from the start of the industrial revolution in the 1880s to the modern day .
They have worked out that using the increase in average global air temperature as a measure of global warming is an inadequate measure of climate change .
They suggest that scientists must also take into account the total energy of the ground , ice masses and the seas if they are to model climate change accurately .
The researchers have calculated that the heat energy accumulated in the atmosphere corresponds to a mere 6.6 % of global warming , while the remaining heat is stored in the ground ( 31.5 % ) , melting ice ( 33.4 % ) and sea water ( 28.5 % ) .
They point out that net heat emissions between the industrial revolution circa 1880 and the modern era at 2000 correspond to almost three quarters of the accumulated heat , i.e. , global warming , during that period .
Their calculations suggest that most measures to combat global warming , such as reducing our reliance on burning fossil fuels and switching to renewables like wind power and solar energy , will ultimately help in preventing catastrophic climate change in the long term .
But the same calculations also show that trapping carbon dioxide , so - called carbon dioxide sequestration , and storing it deep underground or on the sea floor will have very little effect on global warming .
" Since net heat emissions accounts for most of the global warming there is no or little reason for carbon dioxide sequestration , " Nordell explains , " The increasing carbon dioxide emissions merely show how most net heat is produced .
The " missing " heat , 26 % , is due to the greenhouse effect , natural variations in climate and / or an underestimation of net heat emissions , the researchers say .
These calculations are actually rather conservative , the researchers say , and the missing heat may be much less .
The researchers also point out a flaw in the nuclear energy argument .
Although nuclear power does not produce carbon dioxide emissions in the same way as burning fossil fuels it does produce heat emissions equivalent to three times the energy of the electricity it generates and so contributes to global warming significantly , Nordell adds .
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News , Oxford
Professor Markram said he would send a hologram to talk at TED in 10 years
A detailed , functional artificial human brain can be built within the next 10 years , a leading scientist has claimed .
Henry Markram , director of the Blue Brain Project , has already simulated elements of a rat brain .
He told the TED Global conference in Oxford that a synthetic human brain would be of particular use finding treatments for mental illnesses .
Around two billion people are thought to suffer some kind of brain impairment , he said .
" It is not impossible to build a human brain and we can do it in 10 years , " he said .
" And if we do succeed , we will send a hologram to TED to talk . "
' Shared fabric '
The Blue Brain project at Swizerland 's EPFL ( École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne ) was launched in 2005 and aims to reverse engineer the mammalian brain from laboratory data .
In particular , his team has focused on the neocortical column - repetitive units of the mammalian brain known as the neocortex .
The team are trying to reverse engineer the brain " It 's a new brain , " he explained .
" The mammals needed it because they had to cope with parenthood , social interactions complex cognitive functions .
" It was so successful an evolution from mouse to man it expanded about a thousand fold in terms of the numbers of units to produce this almost frightening organ . "
And that evolution continues , he said .
" It is evolving at an enormous speed . "
Over the last 15 years , Professor Markram and his team have picked apart the structure of the neocortical column .
" It 's a bit like going and cataloguing a bit of the rainforest - how many trees does it have , what shape are the trees , how many of each type of tree do we have , what is the position of the trees , " he said .
" But it is a bit more than cataloguing because you have to describe and discover all the rules of communication , the rules of connectivity . "
The project now has a software model of " tens of thousands " of neurons - each one of which is different - which has allowed them to digitally construct an artificial neocortical column .
Although each neuron is unique , the team has found the patterns of circuitry in different brains have common patterns .
" Even though your brain may be smaller , bigger , may have different morphologies of neurons - we do actually share the same fabric , " he said .
" And we think this is species specific , which could explain why we can't communicate across species . "
World view
To make the model come alive , the team feeds the models and a few algorithms into a supercomputer .
" You need one laptop to do all the calculations for one neuron , " he said .
" So you need ten thousand laptops . "
The research could give insights into brain disease Instead , he uses an IBM Blue Gene machine with 10,000 processors .
Simulations have started to give the researchers clues about how the brain works .
For example , they can show the brain a picture - say , of a flower - and follow the electrical activity in the machine .
" You excite the system and it actually creates its own representation , " he said .
Ultimately , the aim would be to extract that representation and project it so that researchers could see directly how a brain perceives the world .
But as well as advancing neuroscience and philosophy , the Blue Brain project has other practical applications .
For example , by pooling all the world 's neuroscience data on animals - to create a " Noah 's Ark " , researchers may be able to build animal models .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
" We cannot keep on doing animal experiments forever , " said Professor Markram .
It may also give researchers new insights into diseases of the brain .
" There are two billion people on the planet affected by mental disorder , " he told the audience .
The project may give insights into new treatments , he said .
The TED Global conference runs from 21 to 24 July in Oxford , UK .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pittsburgh , PA 's 33 - story Grant Building famously spells out the name of the city in Morse Code so brightly it can be seen for over 100 miles .
Except it does n't actually spell Pittsburgh , but " Pitetsbkrrh . "
Eep .
Advertisement
A former HAM radio enthusiast and Pittsburgh local , Tom Stapleton , decoded the message and posted the gaffe on YouTube , and it clearly shows the tower 's misspelling .
He said he noticed the problem when he casually looked up and saw the signal broadcasting the letter K , which he remembered well as it's the first letter of his sister 's name .
Too bad " Pittsburgh " does n't contain the letter K. Representatives of the tower 's owners could not say how long the tower had been advertising Pitetsbkrrh .
[ Pittsburgh Post - Gazette ]
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Prepare For Inflation and Hyperinflation by Buying Ahead Of Time
Many economists forecast very high inflation or hyperinflation as a result of all the money being printed to solve the financial crisis .
Here is how you might prepare yourself for high inflation by purchasing some durable goods long before you need them .
The Risk of Very High Inflation Or Even Hyperinflation Is High .
To prepare yourself for possible hyperinflation or very high inflation keep informed about which way inflation is heading by watching CNBC , Bloomberg or other financial networks .
The CPI or consumer price index is a leading indicator .
Many economists , including Nouriel Roubini and Marc Faber ( both whom predicted the current crisis ) , forecast a period of very high inflation or hyperinflation when the economy starts to rebound in a year or two .
They predict that the U.S. dollar will lose much of it's current value and the prices of durable goods , especially imported ones , will skyrocket .
Here is one way you can prepare for inflation that could be coming in a year or two .
Prepare For Inflation By Buying Ahead Of Time
Buy things you might need in the future .
Instead of putting your money in a bank , where interest rates are barely above the rate of inflation , you might consider preparing for inflation or hyperinflation by purchasing goods that you are going to need in the future .
Some of the things you will be using in the coming years are dirt cheap now because of deflation .
If the item has a long shelf life , it may pay you back later to buy it now .
Choose items that you know you are going to need and ones that store well .
For example , disposable razors or blades , sealed in airtight packages can last for ten years or more .
To prepare for inflation buy things like liquid laundry detergent , that can last a decade when stored at a constant indoor temperature .
Examples of household items that store well include mops , dish towels , towels , sheets , socks , underwear , furniture polish , spices , soap , anti antiperspirant , etc .
Choose Wisely When Buying Ahead Of Time To Fight Inflation
Choose things that inflation will affect the most .
We may never see prices of imported goods , such as hand tools from China , this cheap again in our lifetime .
As the U.S. dollar becomes less valuable the cost of imported goods will rise because of the exchange rate .
As domestic spending in China increases they will begin to compete for goods from Chinese factories along with us .
Consider buying cheap hand tools such as hammer , nails , wire , screwdrivers , drills , grinders and other long lasting products .
To prepare for inflation by " buying ahead " just look around your home at the things that last more than five years on the shelf and start to accumulate them when you can .
Avoid things that contain batteries of any kind and store everything you buy in airtight containers in a dry closet that is free of mice and insects .
No one can say for certain that very high inflation will occur , but the likelihood of things getting cheaper is very slim so you do n't have anything to lose by buying ahead of time .
On Tuesday , the US Department of the Interior announced plans that should radically streamline the process of building utility - scale solar facilities in the US Southwest .
After having surveyed terrain administered by the Bureau of Land Management , the DOI has identified the best sites for solar facilities .
It will now withdraw these areas from consideration for other uses and undertake a single environmental review for all of them .
Assuming their use for solar power production is approved , the land may be able to produce roughly 30 percent of current US residential energy use .
The program , which was published in the Federal Register in order to solicit public comment , was jointly announced by Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Senate leader Harry Reid ( D ) of Nevada , one of the states included in the program ; the rest are Arizona , California , Colorado , New Mexico , and Utah .
The move follows a general solicitation for comments on solar production using BLM lands that was initiated last year .
Participants obviously thought it was a good idea , and the stimulus bill provided the DOI with $ 41 million specifically to promote the production of renewable energy on public land .
One of the most frequent complaints about the production or transmission of renewable energy has been that the permitting process involves a patchwork of federal , state , and local initiatives and regulations that makes obtaining approval to build on the optimal sites a drawn - out hassle .
The new initiative , termed a " Programmatic Environmental Impact Statement , " intends to eliminate the worst parts of this process .
The DOI has already identified some of the best sites for solar energy and will handle the environmental impact assessment in bulk .
Once the land is approved , DOI will accept applications to develop it from commercial entities , which will know that they face far lower barriers to project approval .
The solar energy study areas were selected based on some remarkably sensible criteria .
The areas under consideration must receive at least 6.5k Wh / m2 of sunlight energy per day , have less than a five degree slope , and be near existing roads , transmission equipment , or corridors designated for transmission .
The list of sites that met these criteria was then cut back by removing areas like endangered species habitats , wildlife corridors , recreation areas , and areas subject to tribal concerns .
That process left 24 tracts of land covering nearly 700,000 acres ( statewide maps are available ) .
Depending on the precise technology that 's ultimately employed , the potential power capacity of the sites ranges from 75 GW to over 135GW .
Assuming a figure of approximately 100GW installed , that capacity could cover about 30 percent of the nation 's current residential electric use — during the day .
While the environmental review is taking place , the Department wo n't accept any other applications for the use of these lands .
Some of the areas , primarily those in California , have already been seen applications for utility - grade solar projects , but none of the locations in Arizona or New Mexico have .
Those applications will continue to be handled separately while the new evaluation begins .
Once it 's done , any new applications will be required to have a minimum of 10 MW of installed capacity .
Companies will pay the government upfront to lease the land .
The 35 projects already proposed for the new solar energy study areas constitute about 20 percent of the total applications for solar facilities that the DOI is currently considering .
In total , those existing applications would add up to about 100GW of capacity .
Although it 's not quite clear what the Venn diagram of proposed and potential developments looks like , it 's possible that this could mean over 150GW worth of solar alone ; for comparison , the Department of Energy lists the 2007 national generating capacity as about a Terawatt , less than a Gigawatt of which comes from solar .
Add to that the fact that many states are developing solar projects on lands not controlled by the BLM , and that wind power is growing at a rapid clip and from a larger base , and it's clear that the US will almost certainly run up against the point where the National Academies of Science conclude that the existing grid wo n't tolerate additional intermittent power sources .
Regardless of whether the grid is actually ready , however , this is precisely the sort of program that the US will need if it is to develop its renewable energy sources : identify and develop the most productive sites , but only if they 're situated where they can be quickly integrated into the grid .
And make sure that the permitting process does n't take decades .
Listing image by Department of the Interior
George Will :
Trillions of dollars of capital are being allocated sub-optimally , by politically tainted government calculations rather than by the economic rationality of markets .
Hence the nation ’s prospects for long - term robust growth – and for funding its teetering architecture of entitlements – are rapidly diminishing .
The president ’s astonishing risk - taking satisfies the yearning of a presidency - fixated nation for a great man to solve its problems .
But as Coolidge said , “ It is a great advantage to a president , and a major source of safety to the country , for him to know that he is not a great man . ”
What the country needs today in order to shrink its problems is not presidential greatness .
Rather , it needs individuals to do what they know they ought to do , and government to stop doing what it should know causes or prolongs problems .
One thing that has frustrated me greatly over the past months has been George Will ’s apparently unshaken faith in the perfection of the free market .
Here he demonstrates this again – speaking of the “ sub- optimal ” allocation of resources by the government .
I have to wonder what he makes of how the financial sector allocated resources over the past few decades .
At this point , I think most of us can appreciate the value of “ sub- optimal ” investment when compared to the catastrophic investments the “ free market ” allowed .
It ’s not that I do n’t think Will has a point .
For one , I tend to agree with his anti-royalist attitude towards the executive branch .
And secondly , I agree with him that a free market , by distributing resources and power among many actors , can achieve a kind of collective wisdom – and by allowing constant tinkering and creative destruction we allow for the possibility of positive black swans .
This is the genius of the market , rooted in the knowledge that no one person or team of persons can know enough to guarantee the right decision .
Instead , the best results are obtained by creating many seperate decision - making bodies and creating a structure that allows those that are actually successful to be rewarded .
But Will does n’t seem to have noticed the serious flaws in the American and worldwide market – or at least , the only flaws he seems to have noticed are those involving government interference .
[ digg- reddit- me ]
Even in the most traditional analysis , bankers got into this crisis largely because they were able to escape regulation .
They created shadow banks , derivative products , and other complex financial instruments which were designed to evade any regulations in place .
George Will and others will likely point to government - backed organizations like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as key causes in inflating the housing bubble – but it is difficult to actually make this case – as these institutions , for their size , were n’t that involved in the subprime mortgage market – and in fact were pushed to become involved by the enormous profits being made by the banks .
What Will does n’t want to acknowledge was that even in this most traditional analysis , the root of the problem is the misalignment of incentives rather than government distortions of the market .
What Will fails to acknowledge is that our markets are constricted by lack of government interference .
The freedom of the financial marketplace – especially the distribution of power and decision - making that makes the market work – is severely restricted by the size of our banks .
Their size not only makes them too big to fail , it also prevents the market from being free .
Our financial and automobile industries have ended up combining the worst aspects of socialism and capitalism – without the benefits of either – and that is even before the government stepped in .
Think about it – the free market is effective because it prevents any small set of individuals from monopolizing decision - making .
Especially in the world today with so much information available and events moving so quickly , the “ right ” business choices to make are n’t always clear .
A free market – by allowing each business to make its own choice – prevents decision - making from falling victim to individual follies .
But our current economic system – with it ’s enormous corporations – ends up recreating the feudal system in which power is not centered in a single place , but in a handful of powerful “ princes . ”
While these “ princes ” push for free market reforms , it is not in their interest to actually achieve this ideal free market – as Yglesias points out :
As a market approaches textbook conditions — perfect competition , perfect information , etc. —real profits trend toward zero .
You make your money by ensuring that textbook conditions do n’t apply ; that there are huge barriers to entry , massive problems with inattention , monopolistic corners to exploit , etc .
George
Will himself has pointed out that those “ reforms ” that are passed tend to be of a specific sort , following what Will calls , “ the supreme law of the land … the principle of concentrated benefits and dispersed costs . ”
What free market supporters rarely seem to admit is that the free market exists not in spite of the government , but because of it .
And today , our market is far from free because the government has failed to protect it – and has instead allowed the worst characteristics of capitalism ( exploitation of labor ; externalizing as much cost to society as possible , for eg. pollution ) with the worst characteristics of socialism ( concentration of power and limitation of competition ) to create a kind of modern feudal society .
In this feudal society , freedom is enjoyed by the “ princes ” of finance and industry while the creative ferment of a real free market is formally protected but effectively quashed .
I would like to see George Will take on the limitations of capitalism at some point .
As a conservative and an intelligent man , he must see they exist .
[ Image by mischiru licensed under Creative Commons . ]
Like Loading ...
By James Coomarasamy
BBC News , Nashville , Tennessee
The new law would allow guns to be carried in pubs and restaurants Following a recent series of high - profile shooting incidents in the United States , the southern state of Tennessee is changing its gun laws this week .
It is relaxing them .
If a last - minute legal challenge fails , from Tuesday , gun owners in the state will be allowed to carry their weapons in a lot more public places - including bars and restaurants .
I went to Nashville to find out what local residents thought about the proposed law change .
' Seconds count ' Nikki Goeser takes her Second Amendment right to bear arms very seriously .
One of Tennessee 's 250,000 registered gun owners , she saw her husband , Ben , shot dead in front of her in April .
She believes her right was denied when she needed it most .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Soon , Tennessee 's bars and restaurants will no longer be off - limits for registered weapons .
State legislators - a quarter of whom own firearms - have passed a law allowing guns into bars and restaurants , but preventing their owners from buying alcohol .
For the bill 's Democratic sponsor - State Senator Doug Jackson - it is a case of preserving the rights of individuals and those of individual states .
" People are fearful about tomorrow .
They feel insecure .
And the Second Amendment right is something that they cherish and it's a means of protecting themselves and their family and defending what they have .
It provides security in troubled times . "
But on the streets of Nashville , even some staunch defenders of Second Amendment rights fear that the Music City is about to become Dodge City .
And that mixing guns and alcohol is a recipe for disaster .
' Scared ' Nashville restaurateur Randy Rayburn is anything but cool about the idea of his customers having guns .
He is leading a last - minute legal challenge to the law - to protect his barmen .
" Yes they 're scared , I 'm scared , my wife is scared for our personal safety . "
He has done what restaurant owners are permitted to do - placed a sign in his window , saying " no guns allowed " .
But he is worried that the sign will not be enough to prevent people taking the new law into their own hands .
I do n't care so much about a bad guy 's life ...
If they choose that , and I am armed I know what I 'm doing , I will try to stop them .
Nikki Goeser
" We do n't need vigilantism inside my business , " he says .
" I 'm a gun owner , I have a gun at my home , but I keep it there , not at a public place where many people 's lives can be threatened .
And he has support from the city 's police chief , Ronal Serpas , who does not believe that people who walk into bars with guns will steer clear of the shot glasses .
" If you think about how alchohol influences the choices people make ...
I do n't believe people are not going to drink and have guns , because I know they drink and drive , " he says .
" What process is going through their mind as it's clouded by alcohol ?
[ They 're ] trying to do a good thing , but they have NO training , NO experience , NO time for reflective thought , and their minds are consumed by alcohol - it does n't make sense . "
But for Nikki - and other law - abiding gun owners - what does not make sense is being allowed to have a gun , but being prevented from using it when it counts " I hear people say all the time , guns are made specifically to kill , " she tells me .
" My answer to that is : 'yes a gun can kill , but in the correct hands , it can be used to save innocent lives ' .
I do n't care so much about a bad guy 's life .
I 'm sorry , I do n't .
They make the choice to be evil , that 's their choice .
If they choose that , and I am armed I know what I 'm doing , I will try to stop them . "
And soon she will be allowed to - in a lot more places .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Havana imports most of its oil at a subsidised price from Venezuela
Russia is to begin oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico , after signing a deal with Cuba , says Cuban state media .
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Sechin signed four contracts securing exploration rights in Cuba 's economic zone in the Gulf .
Havana says there may be some 20bn barrels of oil of its coast but the US puts that estimate at five billion .
Russia and Cuba have been working to revitalise relations , which cooled after the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Russia 's Zarubezhneft oil concern will work alongside the Cubapetroleo monopoly in the deep waters of the Gulf .
" Every time I travel through the region , I come to Cuba to advance our joint economic - commercial projects , and I take every opportunity to communicate with my colleagues , " Mr Sechin told local media .
Under the new agreement , Russia has also granted a loan of $ 150 m to buy construction and agricultural equipment .
Havana imports more than half of its oil , mostly at a subsidised price from Venezuela .
Cuba 's share of the Gulf of Mexico was established in 1977 , when it signed treaties with the United States and Mexico .
The US Geological Survey ( USGS ) recently estimated that as much as 9bn barrels of oil and 21 trillion cubic feet of natural gas could lie within that zone , in the North Cuba Basin .
Mofongo ( Garlic - Flavored Mashed Plantains ) is a very tasty dish with pork rind mixed in and strong umami flavor that will become your new favorite recipe .
| Lee en Español | Jump to Recipe |
Mofongo is a dish with a special place in the hearts and stomachs of Dominicans .
However , concedes Aunt Clara , the version we know best actually originates in the neighboring island of Puerto Rico .
While there is also a Dominican mofongo , it was traditionally made with plantains roasted on coal ( sources ) , as opposed to fried plantains .
This was , therefore , different from the Puerto Rican mofongo we 've now come to love .
Not surprisingly , I know some Dominicans who would take serious issue with that claim .
This is the flagship dish in many typical Dominican restaurants like Adrian Tropical , which offers a number of variations on the theme .
Some Dominicans would consider it heresy to label it as a foreign import .
Mofongo – never , ever to be confused with mondongo !
– is a sensitive subject .
I always have to think twice before saying the word , especially when ordering in a restaurant .
I do n’t know what I ’d do if a steaming plate of innards was put in front of me instead .
I 'm also going to re-read this article very carefully to make sure I have n't put my foot in it , so to speak .
Putting that aside for a moment ...
What is mofongo ?
Mofongo is a tasty dish made with fried green plantains , which are mashed with garlic and mixed with pork cracklings , then shaped into a ball and served in a pilón ( the mortar bit of the pestle and mortar ) .
Classic mofongo is made with chicharrón ( fried pork rind ) , but other variations exist .
Adrian Tropical also does a chicken version and – my choice – a garlic shrimp alternative .
They are all served with a garlicky broth to moisten the plantain and bring out the flavor .
It is a popular comfort food , and can be eaten for lunch or supper .
Mofongo is also a popular snack for late - night revelers .
Mofongo in Puerto Rico and in the Dominican Rep .
I had the pleasure of visiting Puerto Rico last month .
Go to Puerto Rico and you ’ll find the same thing – mofongo is all over the place there too .
So much of Puerto Rican cuisine is similar to Dominican , that it ’s difficult to say who invented what .
There are some differences , like in the spelling .
What we know as guandules ( pigeon peas ) in the DR is spelled gandules in PR .
Similar or identical dishes sometimes have different names .
And some Puerto Rican dishes share a name but nothing else with some Dominican dishes .
So , Dominican or Puerto Rican ?
The short answer :
It is both .
There may be differences in how they were traditionally made in each country , but the similarities are more numerous than the differences .
How ’s this for a compromise ?
Puerto Rican and Dominican cuisine share the exact same roots : Taíno , African and Spanish .
Both countries have Middle Eastern and Chinese immigrants , as well as European influences apart from the Spanish .
The only striking difference being the Corsican influx to Puerto Rico .
Later influences may have varied – for obvious reasons .
Puerto Rico has a much stronger US influence than the Dominican Republic , for example , while the DR has closer contact with its Haitian neighbors .
Mofongo , however , comes from the African side of the family so that ’s where we shall say its origins really lie .
Dominicans and Puerto Ricans are the grateful heirs .
Aunt Ilana *
* Notes and research by Aunt Clara
Mofongo Recipe ( Garlic - Flavored Mashed Plantains ) Mofongo Recipe ( Garlic - Flavored Mashed Plantains ) : a very tasty dish with pork rind mixed in and strong umami flavor that will become a new favorite .
4.95 from 17 votes Print Pin Prep Time : 15 minutes Cook Time : 1 hour 35 minutes Total Time : 1 hour 50 minutes Servings : 6 servings Calories : 659 kcal Recipe Author : Clara Gonzalez Ingredients
For the broth 2 tablespoons olive oil
1 lb beef bones [ 0.45 kg ] any type would do
2 cloves garlic mashed
1 onion halved
4 cups water
1 sprig cilantro
1 sprig of recao / cilantro ancho/culantro optional
1/4 tsp oregano
3/4 tsp salt ( or more , to taste )
For the mofongo 1 cup oil for frying
5 unripe plantains peeled , cut into ¾ " [ 2 cm ] slices
1 lb pork cracklings ( see notes ! ) cut into 1 ″ [ 2.5 cm ] pieces
2 tbsp garlic mashed
1 1/2 tsp salt ( or more , to taste ) Instructions
How to make the broth .
Make broth :
In a deep pot heat the oil over medium heat .
Brown the meat being careful that it does not burn .
Add the garlic and onion and stir .
Pour in water , and add cilantro , cilantro ancho , and oregano .
Simmer for an hour over low heat , topping off the water every once in a while to maintain the same level .
Season with salt to taste .
Sieve and remove the solids .
How to make mofongo
Fry plantains :
Heat oil over medium heat and fry the plantains till golden brown all over ( 3 - 5 mins ) .
Remove from the oil and place on a paper towel .
Crush plantains : Using a Using a pilón ( wooden mortar [ link to affiliate store ] ) crush the garlic and salt , add in plantains and mash , then add cracklings and crush to combine with the plantains ( You might have to divide the ingredients and do it in 6 batches to fit in your pilón ) .
Shape mofongo :
Shape into 6 balls and place in small bowls .
Serve :
Place the balls into the serving plates , and garnish with the broth , that you 'll use to pour over and moisten the mofongo balls .
Video Tips and Notes Pork crackling for mofongo
If you want to make pork cracklings from scratch , follow the directions and video in this recipe
How do you reheat mofongo ?
If you ever have leftover mofongo that you want to reheat , the best way to do so is to heat a non -stick pan over medium heat and pan - fry the mofongo until it is heated - through .
Nutrition Calories : 659 kcal | Carbohydrates : 50 g | Protein : 9 g | Fat : 48 g | Saturated Fat : 16 g | Cholesterol : 54 mg | Sodium : 912 mg | Potassium : 921 mg | Fiber : 3 g | Sugar : 23 g | Vitamin A : 1725 IU | Vitamin C : 30.2 mg | Calcium : 24 mg | Iron : 1.4 mg
More mofongo recipes ?
References
(1) Amanda Ornes de Perelló , Cocina Criolla .
Sto. Dgo. : Ed. del Caribe , 1962 .
" Mafongo [ sic ] [...]
Se asan plátanos y se majn [ sic ] y se mezclan con chicharrón molido "
(1) Ligia de Bornia .
Comidas Típicas Dominicanas .
Sto. Dgo : Arte y Cine , 1965
" Mofongo [...]
Maje los plátanos asados y los chicharrones en el mismo pilón "
Section I - What would an anarchist society look like ?
So far this FAQ has been largely critical , focusing on hierarchy , capitalism , the state and so on , and the problems to which they have led , as well as refuting some bogus " solutions " that have been offered by authoritarians of both the right and the left .
It is now time to examine the constructive side of anarchism -- the libertarian - socialist society that anarchists envision .
This is important because anarchism is essentially a constructive theory , in stark contradiction to the picture usually painted of anarchism as chaos or mindless destruction .
In this section of the FAQ we will give an outline of what an anarchist society might look like .
Such a society has basic features -- such as being non-hierarchical , decentralised and , above all else , spontaneous like life itself .
To quote Glenn Albrecht , anarchists " lay great stress on the free unfolding of a spontaneous order without the use of external force or authority . "
[ " Ethics , Anarchy and Sustainable Development " , pp. 95- 117 , Anarchist Studies , vol. 2 , no.
2 , p. 110 ]
This type of development implies that anarchist society would be organised from the simple to the complex , from the individual upwards to the community , the bio-region and , ultimately , the planet .
The resulting society , which would be the outcome of nature freely unfolding toward greater diversity and complexity , is ethically preferable to any other sort of order simply because it allows for the highest degree of organic solidarity and freedom .
Kropotkin described this vision of a truly free society as follows :
" We foresee millions and millions of groups freely constituting themselves for the satisfaction of all the varied needs of human beings . . .
All these will be composed of human beings who will combine freely . . .
' Take pebbles , ' said Fourier , ' put them in a box and shake them , and they will arrange themselves in a mosaic that you could never get by instructing to anyone the work of arranging them harmoniously . ' "
[ The Place of Anarchism in Socialistic Evolution , pp. 11-12 ]
Anarchist opposition to hierarchy is an essential part of a " spontaneously ordered " society , for authority stops the free development and growth of the individual .
From this natural growth of individuals , groups and society as a whole anarchists expect a society which meets the needs of all -- for individual and social freedom , material goods to meet physical needs and free and equal social relationships that meet what could be termed " spiritual needs " ( i.e. , mental and emotional wellbeing , creativity , ethical development and so on ) .
Any attempt to force society or individuals into a pre-determined structure which restricts their liberty will produce dis-order as natural balances and development is hindered and distorted in anti-social and destructive directions .
Thus an anarchist society must be a free society of free individuals , associating within libertarian structures , rather than a series of competing hierarchies ( be they political or economical ) .
Only in freedom can society and individuals develop and create a just and fair world .
In Proudhon 's words , " liberty is the mother of order , not its daughter . "
As the individual does not exist in a social vacuum , appropriate social conditions are required for individual freedom to develop and blossom according to its full potential .
The theory of anarchism is built around the central assertion that individuals and their organisations cannot be considered in isolation from each other .
That is , social structures shape us , " that there is an interrelationship between the authority structures of institutions and the psychological qualities and attitudes of individuals " and that " the major function of participation is an educative one . "
[ Carole Pateman , Participation and Democratic Theory , p. 27 ]
Anarchism presents this position in its most coherent and libertarian form .
In other words , freedom is only sustained and protected by activity under conditions of freedom , namely self - government .
Freedom is the only precondition for acquiring the maturity required for continued freedom : " Only in freedom can man grow to his full stature .
Only in freedom will be learn to think and move , and give the very best in him . "
[ Emma Goldman , Red Emma Speaks , p. 72 ]
As individual freedom can only be created , developed and defended by self - government and free association , a system which encourages individuality must be decentralised and participatory in order for people to develop a psychology that allows them to accept the responsibilities of self - management .
Living under the state or any other authoritarian system produces a servile character , as the individual is constantly placed under hierarchical authority , which blunts their critical and self - governing abilities by lack of use .
Such a situation cannot promote freedom , and so anarchists " realise that power and authority corrupt those who exercise them as much as those who are compelled to submit to them . "
[ Bakunin , The Political Philosophy of Bakunin , p. 249 ]
Looking at capitalism , we find that under wage labour people sell their creative energy and control over their activity for a given period .
The boss does not just take surplus value from the time employees sell , but the time itself -- their liberty , their ability to make their own decisions , express themselves through work and with their fellow workers .
Wage labour equals wage slavery as you sell your time and skills ( i.e. liberty ) everyday at work and you will never be able to buy that time back for yourself .
Once it is gone ; it is gone for good .
It also generates , to quote Godwin , a " sense of dependence " and a " servile and truckling spirit " , so ensuring that the " feudal spirit still survives that reduced the great mass of mankind to the rank of slaves and cattle for the service of the few . "
[ The Anarchist Writings of William Godwin , pp. 125-6 ]
This is why anarchists see the need to " create the situation where each person may live by working freely , without being forced to sell his [ or her ] work and his [ or her ] liberty to others who accumulate wealth by the labour of their serfs . "
[ Kropotkin , Words of a Rebel , p. 208 ]
Thus the aim of anarchism is to create a society in which every person should have the material and moral means to develop his humanity " and so to " organise society in such a way that every individual . . . should find . . . approximately equal means for the development of [ their ] various faculties and for their utilisation in [ their ] work ; to create a society which would place every individual . . . in such a position that it would be impossible for [ them ] to exploit the labour of anyone else " and be " enabled to participate in the enjoyment of social wealth " as long as they " contributed directly toward the production of that wealth . "
[ Bakunin , Op. Cit. , p. 409 ]
As such , anarchists would agree with George Orwell : " The question is very simple .
Shall people . . . be allowed to live the decent , fully human life which is now technically achievable , or shan't they ?
Shall the common man be pushed back into the mud , or shall he not ? "
[ Orwell on Spain , p. 361 ]
Anarchism , in summary , is about changing society and abolishing all forms of authoritarian social relationship , putting life before the soul - destroying " efficiency " needed to survive under capitalism ; for the anarchist " takes his stand on his positive right to life and all its pleasures , both intellectual , moral and physical .
He loves life , and intends to enjoy it to the full . "
[ Bakunin , Michael Bakunin : Selected Writings , p. 101 ]
Thus , to quote Emma Goldman , " all human - beings , irrespective of race , colour , or sex , are born with the equal right to share at the table of life ; that to secure this right , there must be established among men economic , social , and political freedom . "
[ A Documentary History of the American Years , vol. 2 , p. 450 ]
This would be a classless and non-hierarchical society , one without masters and servants , one based on the free association of free individuals which encourages and celebrates individuality and freedom :
" The phrase , ' a classless society ' , no doubt has terrors for any thoughtful person .
It calls up immediately the image of dull mediocrity . . . all one uniform scale of self - sufficient individuals , living in model - houses , travelling in uniform Fords along endless uniform roads . . .
But . . . the sharing of this wealth would not produce a uniformity of life , simply because there is no uniformity of desire .
Uniformity is an unintelligent nightmare ; there can be no uniformity in a free human society .
Uniformity can only be created by the tyranny of a totalitarian regime . "
[ Herbert Read , Anarchy and Order , pp. 87-8 ]
Anarchists think that the essential social values are human values , and that society is a complex of associations which express the wills of their members , whose well - being is its purpose .
We consider that it is not enough that the forms of association should have the passive or " implied " consent of their members , but that the society , and the individuals who make it up , will be healthy only if it is in the full sense libertarian , i.e. self - governing , self - managed , and egalitarian .
This implies not only that all the members should have a right to influence its policy if they so desire , but that the greatest possible opportunity should be afforded for every person to exercise this right .
Anarchism involves an active , not merely passive , citizenship on the part of society 's members and holds that this principle is not only applied to some " special " sphere of social action called " politics " but to any and every form of social action , including economic activity .
So , as will be seen , the key concept underlying both the social / political and the economic structure of libertarian socialism is " self - management , " a term that implies not only workers control of their workplaces but also citizens ' control of their communities ( where it becomes " self - government " ) , through direct democracy and voluntary federation .
Thus self - management is the positive implication of anarchism 's " negative " principle of opposition to hierarchical authority .
For through self - management , hierarchical authority is dissolved as self - managing workplace and community assemblies / councils are decentralised , " horizontal " organisations in which each participant has an equal voice in the decisions that affect his or her life , instead of merely following orders and being governed by others .
Self - management , therefore , is the essential condition for a world in which individuals will be free to follow their own dreams , in their own ways , co-operating together as equals without interference from any form of authoritarian power ( such as government or boss ) .
Perhaps needless to say , this section is intended as a heuristic device only , as a way of helping readers envision how anarchist principles might be embodied in practice .
It is not ( nor is it intended to be , nor is it desired to be ) a definitive statement of how they must be embodied .
The idea that a few people could determine exactly what a free society would look like is contrary to the anarchist principles of free growth and thought , and is far from our intention .
Here we simply try to indicate some of the structures that an anarchist society may contain , based on the ideals and ideas anarchists hold , informed by the few examples of anarchy in action that have existed and our critical evaluation of their limitations and successes .
As Herbert Read once put it , " it is always a mistake to build a priori constitutions .
The main thing is to establish your principles -- the principles of equity , of individual freedom , of workers ' control .
The community then aims at the establishment of these principles from the starting - point of local needs and local conditions . "
[ Op. Cit. , p. 51 ]
Moreover , we must remember that the state has changed over time and has not always existed .
Thus it is possible to have a social organisation which is not a state and to confuse the two would be a " confusion " made by those " who cannot visualise Society without a concentration of the State . "
Yet this " is to overlook the fact that Man lived in Societies for thousands of years before the State had been heard of " and that " large numbers of people [ have ] lived in communes and free federations . "
These were not states as the state " is only one of the forms assumed by society in the course of history .
Why then make no distinction between what is permanent and what is accidental ? "
[ Kropotkin , The State : Its Historic Role , pp. 9 - 10 ]
Similarly , the axioms of capitalist economics not withstanding , capitalism is but latest of a series of economies .
Just as serfdom replaced slavery and capitalism replaced serfdom , so free ( associated ) labour can replace hired labour .
As Proudhon noted , the " period through which we are now passing " is " distinguished by a special characteristic : WAGE - LABOUR . "
Capitalism has not always existed nor need it continue .
So while " the radical vice of political economy " is " affirming as a definitive state a transitory condition - namely , the division of society into patricians and proletarians " in reality , " in its present form , the organisation [ of labour ] is inadequate and transitory .
" [ Property Is Theft ! , p. 190 , p. 174 and p. 170 ]
Anarchists seek to make that transitory condition shorter rather than longer .
Ultimately , a free society based on self - managed communities and associated labour is , in many ways , a natural evolution of tendencies within existing society .
For example , the means of production can only be used collectively , so suggesting that relations of equality and freedom based on associations of workers are a sensible alternative to ones based on hierarchy , exploitation and oppression based on masters and servants .
It is the struggle against those oppressive social relationships which creates the very associations ( workplace strike assemblies ) which could expropriate the workplaces and make that possibility a reality .
So an anarchist society will not be created overnight nor without links to the past , and so it will initially be based on structures created in social struggle ( i.e. created within but against capitalism and the state ) and will be marked with the ideas that inspired and developed within that struggle .
For example , the anarchist collectives in Spain were organised in a bottom - up manner , similar to the way the C.N.T. ( the anarcho - syndicalist labour union ) was organised before the revolution .
In this sense , anarchy is not some distant goal but rather an expression of working class struggle .
The creation of alternatives to the current hierarchical , oppressive , exploitative and alienated society is a necessary part of the struggle and the maintaining of your liberty and humanity in the insane world of hierarchical society .
As such , an anarchist society will be the generalisation of the various types of " anarchy in action " created in the various struggles against all forms of oppression and exploitation ( see section I.2.3 ) .
This means that how an anarchist society would look like and work is not independent of the specific societies it is created from nor the means used to create it .
In other words , an anarchist society will reflect the economic conditions inherited from capitalism , the social struggles which preceded it and the ideas which existed within that struggle as modified by the practical needs of any given situation .
Therefore the vision of a free society indicated in this section of the FAQ is not some sort of abstraction which will be created overnight .
If anarchists did think that then we would rightly be called utopian .
No , an anarchist society is the outcome of social struggle , self - activity which helps to create a mass movement which contains individuals who can think for themselves and are willing and able to take responsibility for their own lives .
So , when reading this section please remember that this is not a blueprint but only possible suggestions of what anarchy would look like .
It is designed to provoke thought and indicate that an anarchist society is possible .
We hope that our arguments and ideas presented in this section will inspire more debate and discussion of how a free society could work and , equally as important , help to inspire the struggle which will create that society .
After all , anarchists desire to build the new world in the shell of the old .
Unless we have some idea of what that new society will be like it is difficult to pre-figure it in our activities today !
A point not lost on Kropotkin who argued that it is difficult to build " without extremely careful consideration beforehand , based on the study of social life , of what and how we want to build -- we must reject [ Proudhon 's ] slogan [ that " in demolishing we shall build " ] . . . and declare : ' in building we shall demolish . ' "
[ Conquest of Bread , p. 173f ]
More recently , Noam Chomsky argued that " [ a] lternatives to existing forms of hierarchy , domination , private power and social control certainly exist in principle .
. .
But to make them realistic will require a great deal of committed work , including the work of articulating them clearly . "
[ Noam Chomsky , Turning the Tide , p. 250 ]
This section of the FAQ can be considered as a contribution to the articulating of libertarian alternatives to existing society , of what we want to build for the future .
We are not afraid that many will argue that much of the vision we present in this section of the FAQ is utopian .
Perhaps they are right , but , as Oscar Wilde once said :
" A map of the world that does not include Utopia is not worth glancing at , for it leaves out the one country at which Humanity is always landing .
And when Humanity lands there , it looks out and , seeing a better country , sets sail .
Progress is the realisation of Utopias . "
[ The Soul of Man Under Socialism , p. 1184 ]
However , we have attempted to be as practical as we are visionary , presenting realistic problems as well as presenting evidence for our solutions to these problems from real life where possible , rather than present a series of impossible assumptions which dismiss possible problems by definition .
It is better to consider the worse possible cases for if they do not appear then nothing has been lost and if they do at least we have a starting point for possible solutions .
So , all in all , we have tried to be practical utopians !
We must stress , however , that anarchists do not want a " perfect " society ( as is often associated with the term " utopia " ) .
This would be as impossible as the neo-classical economic vision of perfect competition .
Rather we want a free society and so one based on real human beings and so one with its own problems and difficulties .
Our use of the word " utopia " should not be taken to imply that anarchists assume away all problems and argue that an anarchist society would be ideal and perfect .
No society has ever been perfect and no society ever will be .
All we argue is that an anarchist society will have fewer problems than those before and be better to live within .
Anyone looking for perfection should look elsewhere .
Anyone looking for a better , but still human and so imperfect , world may find in anarchism a potential end for their quest .
So anarchists are realistic in their hopes and dreams .
We do not conjure up hopes that cannot achieved but rather base our visions in an analysis of what is wrong with society today and a means of changing the world for the better .
And even if some people call us utopians , we shrug off the accusation with a smile .
After all , dreams are important , not only because they are often the source of change in reality but because of the hope they express :
" People may . . . call us dreamers . . .
They fail to see that dreams are also a part of the reality of life , that life without dreams would be unbearable .
No change in our way of life would be possible without dreams and dreamers .
The only people who are never disappointed are those who never hope and never try to realise their hope . "
[ Rudolf Rocker , The London Years , p. 95 ]
One last point .
We must point out here that we are discussing the social and economic structures of areas within which the inhabitants are predominately anarchists .
It is obviously the case that areas in which the inhabitants are not anarchists will take on different forms depending upon the ideas that dominate there .
Hence , assuming the end of the current state structure , we could see anarchist communities along with statist ones ( capitalist or socialist ) and these communities taking different forms depending on what their inhabitants want -- communist to individualist communities in the case of anarchist ones , state socialist to private state communities in the statist areas , ones based on religious sects and so on .
As Malatesta argued , anarchists " must be intransigent in our opposition to all capitalist imposition and exploitation , and tolerant of all social concepts which prevail in different human groupings , so long as they do not threaten the equal rights and freedom of others . "
[ Errico Malatesta : His Life and Ideas , p. 174 ]
Thus we respect the wishes of others to experiment and live their own lives as they see fit , while encouraging those in capitalist and other statist communities to rise in revolution against their masters and join the free federation of the anarchist community .
Needless to say , we do not discuss non-anarchist communities here as it is up to non-anarchists to present their arguments in favour of their kind of statism .
So remember that we are not arguing that everyone will live in an anarchist way in a free society .
Far from it .
There will be pockets of unfreedom around , simply because the development of ideas varies from area to area .
Anarchists , needless to say , are against forcing people to become anarchists ( how can you force someone to be free ? )
Our aim is to encourage those subject to authority to free themselves and to work with them to create an anarchist society but , obviously , how successful we are at this will vary .
We can , therefore , expect areas of freedom to co-exist with areas dominated by , say , state socialism , religion or capitalism just as we can expect to see different kinds of anarchism co-existing .
However , it would be a mistake to assume that just because there are many choices of community available that it automatically makes a society an anarchist one .
For example , the modern world boasts over 200 different states .
For most of them , individuals can leave and join another if it will let them .
There is no world government as such .
This does not make this series of states an anarchy .
Similarly , a system based on different corporations is not an anarchy either , nor would be one based on a series of company towns and neither would a ( quasi - feudal or neo- feudal ? ) system based on a multitude of landlords who hire their land and workplaces to workers in return for rent .
The nature of the associations is just as important as their voluntary nature .
As Kropotkin argued , the " communes of the next revolution will not only break down the state and substitute free federation for parliamentary rule ; they will part with parliamentary rule within the commune itself . . .
They will be anarchist within the commune as they will be anarchist outside it . "
[ Selected Writings on Anarchism and Revolution , p. 132 ]
Hence an anarchist society is one that is freely joined and left , is internally non-hierarchical and non-oppressive and non-exploitative .
Thus anarchist communities may co-exist with non-anarchist ones but this does not mean the non-anarchist ones are in any way anarchistic or libertarian .
To conclude .
Anarchists , to state the blindly obvious , do not aim for chaos , anarchy in the popular sense of the word ( George Orwell once noted how one right - wing author " use [d ]
' Anarchism ' indifferently with ' anarchy ' , which is a hardly more correct use of words than saying that a Conservative is one who makes jam . "
[ Op. Cit. , p. 298 ] ) .
Nor do anarchists reject any discussion of what a free society would be like ( such a rejection is usually based on the somewhat spurious grounds that you cannot prescribe what free people would do ) .
In fact , anarchists have quite strong opinions on the basic outlines of a free society , always premised on the assumption that these are guidelines only .
These suggestions are based on libertarian principles , developments in the class struggle and a keen awareness of what is wrong with class and hierarchical systems ( and so what not to do ! ) .
When reading this section of the FAQ remember that an anarchist society will be created by the autonomous actions of the mass of the population , not by anarchists writing books about it .
This means any real anarchist society will make many mistakes and develop in ways we cannot predict .
This implies that this is only a series of suggestions on how things could work in an anarchist society -- it is not a blueprint of any kind .
All anarchists can do is present what we believe and why we think such a vision is both desirable and viable .
We hope that our arguments and ideas presented in this section of the FAQ will inspire more debate and discussion of how a free society would work .
In addition , and equally as important , we hope it will help inspire the struggle that will create that society .
Although this is a HOWTO , ironically , it does n’t cover the actual configuration of Nagios .
It covers the part of the configuration that might actually be harder than creating hosts , groups , and services .
It covers how to organize your configuration directory in a way that makes it easiest to add new hosts , groups , services and commands in a logical manner .
Organization is the key to a successful Nagios configuration …
Ah , Nagios configuration .
It ’s a topic that ’s near to my heart .
I was actually whining about it the other day , if you read my review on Learning Nagios 3.0 .
Anyway , as a matter of serendipity , a day or so after I posted that review , Ray Holtz posted a question on the sysadmin network about nagios configurations .
Ray currently has all of his services and hosts configured in one file , and has his dependencies in another file .
That ’s not really that far off from the default install , but it ’s painful to update and administer .
He wanted to know if there was a better way .
Scrolling through a giant file like that takes a lot of time , and trying to keep track of changes is the pits .
After working out the configuration in my head for a while , I think I ’ve got a pretty decent system , and I ’m working on making it better .
Here goes .
To give you an idea of scale , I ’m monitoring somewhere around 100 hosts between two nagios servers .
I ’ve got two physical sites ( well , technically four , but two critical sites ) , and each site has its own Nagios install .
Each nagios install monitors all of the local servers plus the remote nagios server , plus all of the network connections .
This way I ’ll be alerted if either of the nagios machines go down , any of the network connections go down , or ( obviously ) any of the “ normal ” servers have issues .
As for individual server configuration management , I ’d recommend you put your entire / usr / local / nagios / etc directory into a subversion repository ( along with libexec , too ) .
I have to admit that I have n’t done this yet , but it ’s in the works .
I want to be able to track changes to my config over time , and subversion is a great way to do that .
I create a hierarchy of subdirectories under etc / objects .
Here ’s how mine looks :
Kadeer denies
Beijing 's charges of inciting deadly riots in Xinjiang Chinese hackers have attacked the website of Australia 's biggest film festival over a documentary about Uighur leader Rebiya Kadeer .
Content on the Melbourne International Film Festival site was briefly replaced with the Chinese flag and anti-Kadeer slogans on Saturday , reports said .
In an earlier protest on Friday , Beijing withdrew four Chinese films .
Melbourne's
The Age newspaper says private security guards have been hired to protect Kadeer and other film - goers .
She is due to attend the screening of Ten Conditions of Love , by Australian documentary - maker Jeff Daniels , on 8 August .
' Vile language ' Chinese authorities blame Kadeer , leader of the World Uighur Congress , for inciting ethnic unrest in Xinjiang - charges she denies .
Hey , we 're an independent arts organisation and it's our programme !
Richard Moore
Head of the Melbourne International Film Festival Earlier this month , around 200 people died and 1,600 were injured during fighting in the region between the mostly Muslim Uighurs and settlers from China 's Han majority .
Kadeer , 62 , spent six years in a Chinese prison before she was released into exile in the US in 2005 .
In 2004 , she won the Rafto Prize for human rights .
Richard Moore , head of the Melbourne International Film Festival , told the BBC that he had come under pressure from Chinese officials to withdraw the film about Kadeer and cancel her invitation to the festival .
He said the attacks on the festival 's website began about 10 days ago .
" We 've been subjected to a number of these attacks and we can see behind the scenes on our website that there are hundreds , well , if not thousands , of people from outside of Australia trying to get into our website and trying to damage us , " Mr Moore told the BBC 's World Today programme .
" This has been going on ... since obviously the call from a Chinese consular official who told me in no uncertain terms that I was urged to withdraw this particular documentary from the film festival and that I had to justify my actions in including the film in our programme , " he went on .
" Hey , we 're an independent arts organisation and it's our programme ! "
He said police were investigating the website attacks , which appear to come from a Chinese internet address .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Richard Clarke in HannoverHaving said ‘ auf wiedersehen ’ to Austria , Arsenal made a stopover in Hannover on the way home and picked up another welcome pre-season win .
Wednesday ’s 1 - 0 victory at the Bundesliga side came courtesy of a gorgeous goal from Cesc Fabregas in the ninth minute .
This was the toughest and closest game of Arsenal ’s early campaign in season 2009 / 10 but Arsène Wenger ’s side were always in control .
They got the early goal and then seemed happy to play neat , tidy but slightly constrained football .
It was more than enough on the night .
Still , the win capped off a busy and productive training camp near Graz .
The squad now fly back to England and their immediate target is to try and regain the Emirates Cup this weekend .
The news before kick - off was not about Wenger ’s team selection but the much - anticipated transfer of Kolo Toure to Manchester City .
The Ivorian ’s departure leaves William Gallas and Thomas Vermaelen as the most likely first - choice centre back pairing .
Therefore perhaps it was indicative that these two started tonight ’s game in tandem .
Interestingly , Wenger – who , for some reason , was given an armchair to watch the game from at pitchside - began with a 4 - 3 - 3 formation .
Fabregas , Denilson and Alex Song were strung across the midfield .
Robin van Persie was the central point of a wide front three with Andrey Arshavin left and Nicklas Bendtner right .
Hannover ’s impressive AMD Arena was just under two - thirds full on a sweltering night in northern Germany .
The Reds had been a mid-table Bundesliga side since winning promotion to the top flight six years ago .
Supposedly there was a little more optimism around this season and , given that Dieter Hecking ’s side kick - off their campaign at Hertha Berlin next Saturday , you would have expected them to be a little sharper than Arsenal this evening .
However that was not the case early on .
Hannover had the first real chance in the seventh minute when Jan Rosenthal reached the byline and cut the ball back to Nelson Cuevas just outside the area .
The Paraguayan ’s first - time effort sailed horribly high over the bar .
Arsenal would reply in exquisite fashion a couple of minutes later .
Van Persie spotted Fabregas darting into the area and found him with the most perceptive of reverse passes .
Once the Spaniard had nudged the ball away from the onrushing keeper all he had to do was gather himself and tuck a shot inside the near post .
Arshavin should have doubled the advantage shortly afterwards but his angled shot was beaten away by keeper Robert Enke .
Hannover threatened from set - pieces after that but would muster nothing of consequence for the remainder of the half .
Armand Traore made way for Mikael Silvestre in the 33rd minute .
The younger Frenchman had presumably picked up a knock but nothing was obvious .
In truth this was becoming pretty listless pre-season fare .
Arsenal were the superior technical side but seemed happy playing in third gear .
They upped the rev count shortly before the interval and were nearly rewarded with a second goal .
In the 43rd minute , Van Persie ’s drive was blocked by the sliding Cuevas at the near post .
Bendtner met the resultant corner with a firm header but Jacek Krzynowek booted the ball off the line .
The clearance was fed back to Van Persie on the right however his low cross was diverted wide by Enke .
At half - time Wenger replaced William Gallas , Bendtner , Fabregas , and Vito Mannone with Wojciech Szczesny , Johan Djourou , Aaron Ramsey and Bacary Sagna .
Hannover nearly got back on level terms in the opening seconds .
Rosenthal whipped in a cross from the right and Ramsey ’s clearing header flew a few feet wide of his own goal .
Just past the hour , Mike Henke broke clear for a second before being caught and smothered by a swathe of white shirts .
Vermaelen took his tackling a little too far and gave away a free - kick 30 yards out .
Sergio Pinto sent it just wide .
Eduardo replaced Van Persie midway through the second half .
It was a surprise given that the Croatian had not been named on the pre-match team - sheet .
Szczesny was tested a couple of times after that .
Firstly he batted aside a long - range drive then he held Pinto ’s cross at the second attempt .
However Hannover 's direct approach was effectively neutralised by the Arsenal back four .
This was a straight - forward performance and straight - forward win .
Now Arsenal are heading back to Emirates Stadium .
I picked up a T - Mobile G1 in December after my BlackBerry 8800 stopped charging ( broken USB connector ) .
After using it for the last ~6 months , I have to say that its one of the best phones I ’ve owned .
Disclaimer :
This is n’t a “ why the G1 is better than an ( iphone , blackberry , etc , . ) ” post , its just some things I really like about the G1 .
This list is in no particular order , FYI .
1. Push E - Mail ( via gmail )
This is obviously a standard feature among most smartphone platforms , but regardless , its something thats really important to me .
I love getting my e-mail to my phone -- especially without any silly polling of a POP / IMAP server .
2. Sky Map Application
I 'm a total geek for space , and honestly , I have always hated trying to read those star / constellation maps .
Well , thanks Google , for making an application that is just plain amazing for checking out stars .
Aim your phone up to the sky , and see a real - time , location based , map of stars and constellations .
3. Google Talk
Instant messaging on a phone is great .
Although , it does n't always work that well .
Network disconnects , battery draining , and bulky applications make the experience bad , fast .
Google Talk is nothing like that .
It survives network disconnects , does n't hurt my battery usage , and its really , really simple .
Oh , and you can connect your AIM account to it ... nice .
4. Web Browsing
What is a smartphone without some good ol ' fashioned web browsing ?
Viewing web pages on Android is so easy , and being based on WebKit it can load just about any site .
My previous phone , a Blackberry 8800 , was just painful to browse the web on unless the page was text only -- maybe a few images .
5. Open Source
The source code for Android is available for anyone to download , checkout , and modify .
Do you have a great hardware design for a phone , but writing the software for it is n't your forte ?
Design and build the hardware , then put Android on it .
What does this mean for consumers ?
More devices , more selections , and more consistency .
Okay , all is n't perfect , there is some proprietary code on the G1 , but you can't always have cake -- and eat it too .
Do n't believe me ?
Check out the android git repositories , and even build your custom Android OS .
6 . The Market
It might be not be as good as the iPhone 's " market " yet -- but its definitely getting bigger and better .
Right now it 's pushing thousands of applications and millions of downloads .
There have been plenty of times that I 've been waiting somewhere , bored , and I found a cool application or two that I could waste my time with .
In my book , that 's a plus .
7. Location - enabled
Most mobile phones are now equipped with GPS , and the G1 is no different .
Take a picture with the built - in camera , and the picture can be tagged with your current location .
Google Maps is amazing .
I do n't know how many times it has helped me when I was trying to find a restaurant or a store .
There are many applications in the Market that make use of your GPS location , no matter what your niche is .
In fact , I wrote an application that uses the GPS , which was quite fun to develop .
8 . Slide out keyboard
Okay , so for most people , the thinner the phone , the better .
For me , I have no problem sacrificing a quarter inch thickness for a keyboard .
On screen keyboards are great , and getting better , but there is nothing like the tactile feel of a real keyboard .
9. Music , Pictures , and Video
YouTube has probably been one of the biggest fads in the past four years -- so having it on my phone , can be fun .
Listening to music on the G1 is great , especially with imeem , which lets you listen to streaming internet radio -- great for those house parties that ... have n't really gotten started yet ( awkward silence , no music , anyone ? ) .
10 .
You keep getting more
A great thing about an open source mobile phone OS , is that you will keep seeing new features and updates .
You are n't limited by what your vendor offers you , because you can just flash the phone with the latest and greatest .
Of course , you can always just wait for your carrier to push the update for you .
07/06/2009
A product designed to protect electronic devices from dangerous spikes in electricity may have contributed to a handful of fires nationwide that damaged homes and office equipment .
Consumers also blame the products failure for frying their computers and other expensive electronics .
ConsumerAffairs.com uncovered these potential hazards during a review of complaints from homeowners across the country .
The product at the heart of these complaints is the Power Sentry Surge Protector .
Since 2003 , ConsumerAffairs.com has heard repeated safety concerns about this brand of surge protectors .
Consumers from California to New York wonder why the product is still on the market .
Theyre homeowners like Phillip C. of Kansas , who says the Power Sentry Surge Protector he had hooked up to his computer recently triggered a devastating fire .
On Easter Sunday , our home caught fire and it was a total loss , Phillip told us .
My wife , my seven - year - old son , and I were able to get out of the house , but we have lost everything we owned .
His insurance company pinpointed the Power Sentry Surge Protector as source of the blaze .
The insurance companys electrical engineer found the power strip ( surge protector ) had started the fire , he says .
The Independence , Kansas , Rural Fire Districts report confirms Phillips account of the blaze -- and the electricians findings .
Firefighters made entry in the front door and made aggressive interior attack and extinguished the fire , the report states .
Fire was in the office area of the house , south end , and damaged a bathroom and a bedroom .
...
Extensive smoke and heat damage throughout the structure , the report adds .
Fire appeared to have started in the office area near the desk and wall .
The fire department estimates the loss to Phillips home and contents at $ 35,000 -- or half its pre-incident value .
The report also states an electrical engineer investigated the blaze and identified the source : Owner stated the engineer indicated the fire started in the surge protector strip (s ) from the computer (s ) .
Phillip says his family lost something more valuable than their homes contents during the fire .
They lost peace of mind .
( We ) have bad dreams , says Phillip , who has retained an attorney to investigate possible legal action against the company .
And we are waking up every hour ( because ) were so scared theres a fire .
Other cases
This isnt the only case in which a Power Sentry Surge Protector was linked to a fire .
Alexis K. of Idaho says she used that brand of surge protector on her fish tank back in July 2003 and it suddenly caught fire .
Flames were coming from one of the plugs in the receptacle , she recalls .
I was sitting at the computer , which was not far away , on the other side of the room , and all of the sudden , I saw the flames .
It was like whoa , whats going on ?
Idahos Twin Falls City Rural Fire Department responded to the blaze .
Alexis directed us to a surge protector that was located under an aquarium tank , the report states .
One outlet of the surge protector had a plug in its outlet and was melted in place .
One electrical outlet slot next to the melted plug appeared to have shorted or was damaged by the fire .
The fire caused minimal damage to Alexis home and contents -- less than $ 300 .
But the Idaho woman calls that a lucky twist of fate .
We were home at the time .
Otherwise , it would have been a lot worse than that .
It would have caused my house to catch fire .
This brand of surge protectors , Alexis says , should be pulled off the market until theres proof the product is safe .
I would like to know why they have not been recalled .
There was definitely a malfunction with mine .
These ( surge protectors ) should be checked out further .
Alexis contacted the company about her fire , but says officials did not ask her to send them the fire - damaged surge protector .
The company , however , reimbursed her for the cost of the surge protector that caught on fire and the other Power Sentry Surge Protectors in her home .
That action didnt make her a loyal customer , though .
I would never use this brand of surge protectors again , not even for something small and minor , Alexis says .
Why put yourself at risk and in danger of the same thing happening again ?
And next time , I might not be home .
Other homeowners nationwide echo Alexis concerns about Power Sentry Surge Protectors .
Consider :
• We had a power surge and the ( Power Sentry Office Workstation ) surge protector caught fire , says Roberta F. of Joshua Tree , California .
I am very thankful that we were home .
I was in the next room and heard my computer make a terrible noise and then smelled the most awful burning smell .
I rushed into the office and yanked the Power Sentry plug from the wall and put out the fire that had started in the carpeting beneath my desk .
I dont believe surge protectors are supposed to catch fire after they do their job ;
• This is a product that is supposed to protect your electronic equipment , says William C. of Warren , Michigan .
On June 24 , 2007 , ( my ) Power Sentry ( Surge Protector ) caught on fire .
Luckily , we were home to unplug it .
I want to know what caused it to suddenly catch on fire ;
• My ( Power Sentry ) Surge Protector caught fire , says John B. of Glenn Mills , Pennsylvania .
And it caused damage to my home ( carpeting and sub- floors ) and my computer equipment .
An Illinois consumer also told us the Power Sentry Surge Protector he used in his camper triggered a fire .
I plugged in my 50 - amp power cord in the outside receptacle and then my wife yelled frantically to come inside , says Daniel H. of Mazon , Illinois .
I cut the outside breaker , came running into our camper , smelled electrical smoke , and found her stomping out the mattress pad .
We had a heated mattress and I had put the controller on the bed , he adds .
The heated mattress pad was plugged into the surge protector ... the controller is what caught on fire .
Damage from the fire was minimal -- a ruined mattress pad , bed spread , and the surge protector .
But the potential was there for a much more serious issue , Daniel says .
We could have been burned alive in our sleep or , if we werent there when it happened , there would have been a violent explosion .
We had two propane tanks nearby .
I was so doggone terrified by the whole instance , he adds .
And my wife didnt feel safe in the camper anymore , so we sold it .
Like other consumers , Daniel wonders why these surge protectors are still on store shelves .
I definitely think this is something that ought to be looked at .
The company basically needs to improve its product so its more or less a fail - safe item .
Not the only concerns
These arent the only safety concerns ConsumerAffairs.com has uncovered about Power Sentry Surge Protectors .
Some consumers said the product failed to protect their computers and other electronics during spikes in electricity .
During a recent lightening storm the ( Power Sentry ) surge protector that I had plugged into a grounded , perfectly electrically wired outlet , didnt work , says Anna G. of Ingram , Texas .
I had a very nice TV and VCR plugged into this protector , both were burned out and no longer even turn on .
Im out $ 500 at least for the cost of my TV and VCR .
Anna repeatedly tried -- without success -- to contact Power Sentry .
Ive dialed the number over 900 and all I ever get is a busy signal .
Another Texas consumer said her Power Sentry Surge Protector repeatedly failed to protect her electronics and computer equipment .
Twice , within the past two years , I have lost expensive equipment that was plugged into a Power Sentry Surge Protector , says Esther S. of Saratoga , Texas .
I have had two lightening strikes to my home .
The first time was about three years ; I lost an amplifier to my sound system that was plugged into the product , as well as all the other facets of the sound system .
Lightning , she says , struck her home again about a year ago .
I lost my Gateway Laptop that I had in my possession for about a year .
The Lexmark printer that I had purchased less than a year before was also destroyed .
Also , the portable landline phone was destroyed .
Esthers insurance company didnt cover all her losses .
Those damages , she says , should be paid by Power Sentry : I firmly believe this company should be held completely responsible and reimburse people like myself for the equipment lost .
Esther , however , acknowledges that she didnt pursue a claim with the company .
I felt there would not be a chance of any kind for me to get replacement ... so I just bit the bullet and took the loss with no compensation whatsoever .
Other consumers blame a faulty Power Sentry Surge Protector for the loss of thousands of dollars in computer equipment and electronics as these complaints reveal :
• I bought a Power Sentry Surge Protector and it has completely damaged my laptop and I also lost valuable data , Viv of Norcross , Georgia , told us in 2004 .
My total loss is $ 25,000 ;
• After seven months , the ( Power Sentry ) Surge Protector did not stand up to the manufacturers warranty , Rosemary of Smithtown , New York , said in 2006 .
It had a lifetime guarantee to protect computers .
( But ) the surge burnt out my computer ;
• I purchased several of the protectors about a year ago , John S. of Covington , Louisiana , told us in June 2007 .
Last night , lightening struck the exterior wall , which the protector was plugged into .
I was watching a video at the time .
During the flash , my TV and DVD player went out .
I checked the protector and the lights indicated that it was still grounded and protecting .
I plugged other items into it and they worked .
However , the TV and DVD are still dead .
John says he lost $ 615 worth of electronics .
Thanks Power Sentry , he says .
Philips subsidiary
Power Sentry , Inc. , a company that developed , manufactured , marketed , and distributed surge protectors and other computer accessories , was based in Plymouth , Minnesota .
The company , however , became a subsidiary of Koninklijke Philips Electronics NV in July 2006 .
ConsumerAffairs.com contacted Philips Electronics about the complaints weve received regarding Power Sentry Surge Protectors .
The company did not return the call .
ConsumerAffairs.com also contacted the Consumer Product Safety Commission ( CPSC ) to see if the agency has received any complaints about the product .
We also wanted to find out if the federal office charged with protecting the public from unsafe consumer products had issued any recalls involving Power Sentry Surge Protectors .
We have not done a recall of that company or subsidiary involving their product , said CPSC spokesman Scott Wolfson .
When asked if the CPSC had received any complaints about Power Sentry Surge Protectors , Wolfson said he couldnt comment .
Our rules dont allow me to answer that question , he told us .
When there is no recall of a product that rule kicks in and you have to go through the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) to get it .
So I cant answer that , but our FOIA process could .
Records reveal the CPSC has recalled other brands of surge protectors because they posed a fire , shock , or electrocution hazard .
Those dangers , for example , prompted a 1999 recall of about 3,900 Kingsland Tools Power Strip Surge Protectors .
Safety tips
The CPSC offered the following advice to consumers using any brand of surge protectors :
• Dont overload the device ;
• Use a surge protector for products that are most need of protection .
In many cases that is a home computer ;
• Only buy surge protectors that are approved by an independent and nationally recognized testing laboratory .
We also recommend that consumers power down as many electronics as they can following their use , the CPSCs Wolfson told us .
There is that stored energy and a possibility for surges , which could overheat your electronics .
We are always concerned about overheating with electronics , he added .
Consumers who have concerns about Power Sentry Surge Protectors -- or any product they consider unsafe -- can file a report on the CPSCs Web site .
Consumers should also file reports with ConsumerAffairs.com and other consumer sites .
Free Books from Other Publishers
Introduction
We have long supported publication of free documentation ( free in the sense of freedom — we do n't mean gratis ) .
free software needs free documentation because you must be free to copy , change and redistribute the documentation along with the software .
To qualify as free , the documentation must be released under a free documentation license .
We publish a number of free books of documentation ourselves .
You can order printed copies of our books , and browse them online .
We have been doing this since around 1986 .
Some commercial publishers are also publishing free books .
( Like ours , these books are free in the sense of freedom ; the commercially printed copies are sold . )
On this page , we list the ones we have come across .
If you find out about a free book that is not listed here , please let us know by writing to < free-books@gnu.org > .
Some of these publishers ( e.g. , Network Theory Ltd ) do not trade directly .
Their books can be obtained from many suppliers throughout the world , but please do n't order them , or any other book , from Amazon !
Table of Contents
Newer listings are placed at the top of each list .
Free books in English # English )
Free books in Spanish # Spanish )
A Tale of Nudity , Arrest & Insanity .....
Datura
Citation : Crystallinesheen .
" A Tale of Nudity , Arrest & Insanity .....: An Experience with Datura ( exp17700 ) " .
Erowid.org .
Sep 24 , 2002 .
erowid.org/exp/17700
DOSE :
150 seeds oral Datura ( seeds )
BODY WEIGHT : 175 lb
Here 's a life changing experience for ya'll .... I was just re-reading the stories in the Datura vault , and I decided that my experience would be one that folks would like to read .
So , let 's go back a ways ... to August 22 , 1998 , a date that will live in infamy for me .
At the time , I had just finished my first year in college , and had been working with relatives in Mississippi that summer to save money & go out to work as a roofer in New Mexico with a college buddy .
My father thought I was ' wasting my time ' dropping out of college to go roam about the country , but I was ready to get out of my home state of Louisiana and take to the road .
The road led to Dallas , TX , where my buddy ( we 'll call him Lucifer ) was staying with another friend ( let 's call her E ) for a time .
The plan was for me to leave Mississippi , go home to Louisiana , and storm out to Dallas ...... to be free from the clutches of home for the first time of my life .
The day I left Louisiana for Texas , I felt a trememdous surge of freedom , almost orgasmic in it 's implications .
I felt like I had been released from a kind of prison , & was ready to hit Dallas and party for a week before heading on to New Mexico with Lucifer .
The stage is set ..... I arrive in the sprawling metropolis , and experience the debilitating effects of the worst heat wave in the city in years .
( Temps were up over 110 with the heat index ) It was godawful hot , ya'll !
I make my way through the scramble to E's apartment she shared with her mother ( a cool hippie type )
There , I reunited with my good friends , and we chill and get stoned , catching up on each other 's summer adventures up to that point .
Eventually , we feel like going out , so Lucifer goes off to visit a girlfriend and E & I go to her boyfriend 's apartment complex to go swimming in the pool .
I put on my shorts , placing my wallet & keys into my luggage ( an action I was very glad I did later on ) and we went off to take a nice cool dip .
We arrive , I meet E's boyfriend for the first time , and we splash around for a while .
As it starts to get dark , an inpromptu party erupts around the pool , a keg gets brought out , and everyone proceeds to get fucked up , Texas style .
The complex seemed to house many college - aged party kids , so there was just partiers coming out of the woodwork !
All different kinds of folks , from ghetto gangstas to rave kids to cowboys crowded around , having a mellow time .
But this benevolent vibe did n't last for very long .
A couple of people pull knives , and I hear someone say , ' He 's got a gun ' so everyone scatters .
We all run into E's boyfriend 's apartment to escape the carnage .
Inside , everyone chills out , and soon the bong 's going around & the beer is flowing again .
I check out the motely collection of people around me : I did n't know a soul , but everyone seemed to be fairly cool , and ready to seriously get down .
I had no idea that one of the party attendes was about to unveil something for which there is no words , no explanations , just a magic plant that takes you to the edge of death , and pushes you right over .
That 's right , kiddies , enter Jimson Weed onto the stage .... Now , I was familiar with Jimson Weed , having read Carlos Castaneda 's experiences with this plant ally .
But I had no idea what awaited me ........ This guy pulls out a gallon size Ziploc baggie , about halfway filled with some kind of seed .
' This , everyone , is Jimson Weed .
It 'll make you trip for like , two days ... usually , I charge 40 bucks for a dose ( indicating that a handfull was a dose ) but I 'll dose anyone who wants to for free .
'Good god , when someone starts handing out drugs , I 'm usually first in line , but the earlier violence outside & the fact that I knew no one there kept me from swallowing the seeds that the dealer handed to me .
I decided to wait for my friend Lucifer to return from his girls ' house to see if he wanted to trip .
A couple of other fellows immediately swallow their handfulls .
( In retrospect , after reading hundreds of trip reports on this substance , this guy 's recommended dose was WAY too much , I do n't even think calling this a ' heroic dose ' is doing it justice ) I sit and watch to see what the seeds will do to these guys .... then after about ten minutes , I 'm like ' fuck it ' and down the seeds with a swig of beer .
Five minutes later , I know I 'm fucked .
One of the guys starts to stare at the wall , unblinking , unresponsive .
His behavior is weird because earlier , he had been very lively , but now he was catatonic .
I mean this guy was out of it !
People started to get worried , when the guy suddenly comes to , leaps up , and dashes out the door .
( Later on , the guy said that he realized he was in for the trip of his life , so he went to his apartment , locked himself inside , and spent the next two days destroying his place & locked into the worst form of insanity . )
The other guy stood up like the other dude , but started to run into walls as hard as he could .
Everyone tried to restrain him , but it was like he was on PCP or something .
Oh shit , I thought , I 'm about to become VERY fucking derranged .
It was a horrible feeling , and a few minutes later , I started to get the worst stomach cramps of my life , and my body told me , ' You 've just poisoned yourself badly , and you might not make it .
' I got very scared , and ran into the bathroom where my stomach proceeded to turn itself inside out .
I think this action probably saved my life .
After I was finished , I had this feeling like I had drank a couple of cases of beer , and my legs were so wobbly I could n't hardly walk .
Every muscle in my body felt flabby and loose .
I returned to the living room , where I felt concern from people ..... E was repeatedly asking me , ' Are you OK ? '
I tried to tell her I was n't , but my tongue would n't work properly .
At about this time , I started to feel like there were insects crawling around under my skin , an EXTREMELY uncomfortable sensation .
It was so bad that I began to claw at my flesh in order to rip them out .
The last thing I remembered was leaping up off of the couch , and running out the door , then , blackness .
I do n't know what happened , it was like being in a dream ..... entities swirled around me , I had the vague sensation of being around people , but my memories of this time are kinda like recalling a hazy dream ... nothing was substantial .
Finally , I woke up .
It was morning , and I was in an apartment , lying on the floor curled up in a fetal position , naked .
How I had arrived at this particular point in space & time was a mystery to me .
My eyes were dry as a desert , and my contacts were sticking to my eyelids , making everything look really fuzzy .
The odd thing was , it was like I had woken up into a dream , but I was aware that the dream was ' consensus reality ' but a dream , nonetheless .
I felt incredibly happy , and full of elation .
Suddenly , I was aware of human presences entering the room .
Intrigued , I studied them to become aware of their intent .
One of the people seemed to be a average middle - aged man , but to my surprise , the other two were wearing uniforms and were armed .
' Why , it 's the police ! '
I thought .
' But why are they here ?
What is going on ?
' The police came over to me and started to ask me questions .
I could n't tell if they were real or not , but I jabbered my jaws in a manner resembling speech , and they seemed satisfied with my answers .
One of the officers gets a bedsheet from somewhere and wraps it around me , toga - style .
I thought I had changed into someone from Ancient Greece , and could n't figure out why my hands were being cuffed .
Surely the Greeks need their hands free !
I was led out into the bright sunshine , when I realized just how thirsty and sensitive to light my eyes were .
But I was just having the greatest time getting arrested !
It was like I was aware of this happening to me , but I was so far away , I was like , ' It 's a dream , and I 'll wake up back in my bed in Louisiana . '
So I went along with the officers to see where they would take me .
Along the way , I tried to make jolly conversation from the backseat , realizing that I 'm being arrested .
' So tell me , gentlemen , what exactly am I being arrested for ? '
They would n't respond .
' Oh well , I thought , and continued my conversation with the other people in the backseat with me .
It was weird , I was talking to this guy in the backseat and he promptly dissappeared !
But I really was n't disturbed by this .
The cops continued to ply me with questions , like ' Which day is this ?
The year ?
Who 's the President ' , and other such inanities .
I answered them all with gusto & personality , because I wanted them to like me .
In response to their question , ' So what drugs do you like to do ? '
I responded , ' Well , I just got really drunk at the kegger last night , officer , and I just do n't know what happened after that !'
Now that I look back on that , I am glad I instinctly knew to not admit the fact that I was blasted on Jimson Weed , therby saving me three days in the Psycho Ward .
We pull into the giant structure located in the heart of Dallas which is the Dallas county jail .
I was led into the heart of processing , and I was convinced that I was in an airport for some reason , what with all of the hubbub around me .
My toga kept falling off , revealing my nakedness to hundreds of people , but I was so far out there , I did n't even notice until cops kept putting my sheet back on .
After the volley of fingerprinting & paperwork , I was led into a single cell and given an orange jumpsuit to wear .
Man , getting locked into a cell while mad on Jimson Weed is something to behold .
I immediately realized my situation , and got ' serious ' in a dissociated sort of way .
It was the first time I had ever been in jail , but the emotional impact of this was lost on me , as I was totally oblivious to everything .
It was like the feeling you get when you wake up out of a deep sleep , you know , that ' out of it ' feeling ?
It was like that , except about 100 times stronger .
I tried to get my faculties in order , but was tripping so hard still , I could n't do anything but wait .
I think I was put in my cell at about eight in the morning , and stayed in there until about ten o'clock at night .
It was like I turned on my ' survival mode ' , and even ate the shitty prison food , because I knew I needed to keep up my strength .
As the day wore on , I started to come back to reality , and I started to worry about exactly what I had done to get here .
Had I killed somebody ?
Attacked someone ?
I had no idea of the seriousness transgression that had landed me here , and no one would tell me .
Finally , at long last , a jailer came and let me out , handcuffing me to a group of about ten other people .
' Okay , people , it 's time to go see the judge !
' Alright , I thought , now I get to find out what I had done .
After arriving in the courtroom , the judge scrolled down the list , and finally , when she got to my name , I feared the worst .
The charge : Disorderly Conduct .
' Whew , ' I thought , ' does n't sound so serious ! '
I was elated in a way .
The next thing I know , I 'm going through another set of corridors to stand in another line .
The friendly jailer keeps us all there , joking about what we were we all going to do when we got out .
' I bet ya'll all will go get drunk , huh ? ' he grinned , and looked at me , ' What in the hell did you do ' ?
' I do n't know , but I got seriously wasted last night and got into some shit !'
Everyone laughed , as obviously I was on very powerful drugs and probably looked like shit .
The jailer gives me some street clothes and shoes ( I had been wandering around the jail all day shoeless as well ) and miraculously , lets us go !
I was elated , until I realized I had no money , had no idea where I was , and was still tripping VERY fucking hard .
In jail , I had been surrounded by a lot of people , and I kept feeling like they were all still around me .
I was at a loss of what to do , so I just set out walking .
Spirits kept revolving around me , kinda like the way electrons surround an atom .
As I walked , my trip seemed to grow in intensity .
I recall myself just having great conversations with all of my friends , then just realizing , ' Wait , they are n't here , ' and then seeing another one of my friends walking beside me and renewing my conversation .
I remember seeing Lucifer , and running up to him to tell him about my experience so far .
' Man , you should have kept me from the cops , like , what the fuck , dude ! ' and he would just smile and then disappear .
Eventually , I found myself rapidly walking out of town into some weird area , the kind of place I 'd normally be paranoid driving through at night sober .... not to mention on foot , out of my head on Jimson Weed .
Amazingly , I felt no fear , as the spirits surrounding me revealed themselves to be my ' guardian angels ' .
They were spirits of my ancestors , and of people I had never met .
I somehow knew they were gonna help me survive this experience , and keep me from harm .
I decided to walk back into the city , and a new problem manifested itself .
As I stated previously , Dallas was in the middle of a heat wave , and I was desprately hot & thirsty .
Earlier that summer , I had suffered heat exhaustion , and I felt my body slipping back into that state .
My survival instinct kicked in , and I managed to keep myself hydrated by drinking out of water sprinklers and gutters .
I knew if I did n't keep myself hydrated , I would die .
I imagine that a lot of the thirst was directly caused by the Jimson Weed , man , that stuff just sucks it out of you !
I finally reached a point , after walking around the city for several hours , that my body needed rest , so I found a spot under an overpass with an spectacular view of the city .
I went to sleep , and woke up at dawn .
Immediately upon waking , I resumed my walking .
My delierium seemed to be increasing as the day progressed & the temperature climbed .
It seemed like I just could n't keep enough fluids in me , and that I was slowly dying .
Suddenly , I had a flash of memory .
I remembered the name of the street that E's apartment was on !
Encouraged by this recall , I asked everyone I ran into until I was pointed in the right direction .
' It 's about six miles that way , ' said some denizen of the city .
Great .
Another six miles in this heat , along the side of one of the main expressways in the city .
It was like the Battan Death march to me , I knew that I was in a struggle for my life - and there was no more water to be found .
I knew I was getting very close , but the heat exhaustion claimed me , and I knew my situation was getting critical .
I called on my guardian spirits to help me , but they were nowhere to be found .
Out of the blue , I hear a cry , ' Hey man , come over here and get some water !
You do n't look so good !' I looked to where the voice was coming from , and spied a city workcrew , and a black man was waving me over to their water cooler .
At first , I thought these were imaginary people like all of the rest , but then a took a swig of water and realized that the spirits had saved me once again .
I looked at the man who had called me over , and realized that his spirit was one of the ones that had accompanied me since I had gotten out of jail .
He was like a redeeming angel .
I gushed thanks to him , and asked him if I was close to the street I was looking for .
' Yeah , it 's right over there , about a couple of blocks up . '
Eureka !
I was going to survive after all !
I stagger the rest of the way to the street , and then follow it to the apartment building where E lived .
I went to her door , and knocked .
Lucifer opens the door , and totally flips out .
We were very glad to see one another , as they all thought I was dead .
I do n't remember anything except falling out on the floor in a dead faint , aware that I had made it out of the most trying event of my life .
The AftermathIt took me about four days to get back to ' normal ' .
I had to use a cane to walk for about a week after , as my body had been smashed like I had been in a motorcycle accident .
Evidently I had fallen repeatedly during my blackout phase .
I pieced together what had happened to me with the help of people who had been at the party .
Seems that I had jumped up out of the apartment , took off all of my clothes , and spent the rest of the evening jumping in and out of the pool ( accounting for all of the abrasions & lacerations suffered from banging into concrete repeatedly )
What got the cops called was that I started to go up to people 's apartments ( stark naked , of course ) and saying , ' I am the TERMINATOR , ' then laughing gleefully and running away .
So I did n't do anything too bad .
The worst thing that came out of the entire ordeal was that E's boyfriend got kicked out of his apartment because of my behavior .
Turns out the guy who had been with the cops when I came to was the apartment manager , and that my arrest was enough to get E's boyfriend & roomates kicked out .
Pretty weak reasoning , but shit happens , I guess .
Surprisingly , the boyfriend & roomates were n't really mad at me , saying ' It could have happened to any one of us , dude . '
I was decent and helped them move their shit out , while I did this , I had all of these people who lived in the complex make comments like , ' Fucked up , were n't ya ? ' and ' nice ass ' and shit like that .
Hey , I would have laughed at me too !
I will NEVER do Jimson Weed again , but I am glad for the experience .
If any of ya'll do it , be out somewhere FAR AWAY from civilization , with plenty of good trip - sitters .
And prepare to have one foot in the land of the dead , and one in the land of the living for about three days .
This experience changed me as much as my first acid trip did , but this plant will make you realize what death is all about .
It was said that Jim Morrison , known for his seemingly superhuman ability to consume substances without any ill effect was permanently changed by this weed , as was I .
Be careful , ya'll , and stay away from this stuff , because its trip is a death trip .
Love and light ........
A new Nintendo DS package will cut out games entirely
You probably have n't heard about it yet , but Nintendo quietly announced a new version of the DS handheld gamer this week specifically designed to be used in classrooms .
The Nintendo DS Classroom features no new hardware , but instead consists of a package of several handhelds , a PC and newly developed educational software for the DS .
Free DS for the kids
Nintendo , which developed the package with Sharp , says it hopes to persuade schools to take the bundle and issue a DS to each student .
Once students and teachers are connected through the DS Wi-Fi link they should be able to share study materials instantly , with students also filing some work and test answers on the handhelds .
Cutting bureaucracy
The supplied PC software will also make it simple for teachers to keep track of student progress and , theoretically , cut down on administrative paperwork .
Nintendo aims to start selling the as - yet - unpriced DS Classroom tool from next February , initially in Japan , with overseas launches likely if the reception is positive .
Via Mainichi
( Jerusalem ) - Israeli attacks with guided missiles fired from aerial drones killed civilians during the recent Gaza fighting in violation of the laws of war , Human Rights Watch said in a report released today .
The attacks with one of the most precise weapons in Israel 's arsenal killed civilians who were not taking part in hostilities and were far from any fighting .
The 39 - page report , " Precisely Wrong : Gaza Civilians Killed by Israeli Drone - Launched Missiles , " details six incidents resulting in 29 civilian deaths , among them eight children .
Human Rights
Watch found that Israeli forces failed to take all feasible precautions to verify that these targets were combatants , as required by the laws of war , or that they failed to distinguish between combatants and civilians .
Israeli and Palestinian human rights groups have reported a total of 42 drone attacks that killed civilians , 87 in all , during the fighting in December 2008 and January 2009 .
" Drone operators can clearly see their targets on the ground and also divert their missiles after launch , " said Marc Garlasco , senior military analyst at Human Rights Watch and co-author of the report .
" Given these capabilities , Israel needs to explain why these civilian deaths took place . "
" Precisely Wrong " is based on field research in Gaza , where Human Rights Watch researchers interviewed victims and witnesses , examined attack sites , collected missile debris for testing , and reviewed medical records .
The Israel Defense Forces turned down repeated Human Rights Watch requests for a meeting and did not respond to questions submitted in writing .
Military experts have extolled armed drones , or Unmanned Combat Aerial Vehicles , and their precision - guided missiles as weapons that can minimize civilian casualties .
Their use is rapidly expanding - for example by the United States in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
" When used properly , drones and their precision missiles can help a military minimize civilian casualties , " Garlasco said .
" But drones are only as good at sparing civilians as the people who command and operate them . "
In the six cases documented in the report , Human Rights Watch found no evidence that Palestinian fighters were present in the immediate area of the attack at the time .
None of the civilians who were killed were moving quickly or fleeing the area , so the drone operators would have had time to determine whether they were observing civilians or combatants , and to hold fire if they were unable to tell the difference .
In three of the cases , drones fired missiles at children playing on rooftops in residential neighborhoods , far from any ground fighting at the time .
Human Rights
Watch found no evidence to suggest that the children were acting as spotters , relaying Israeli troop locations , or trying to launch a rocket from the roof .
On December 27 , 2008 , the first day of the Israeli offensive called " Operation Cast Lead , " a drone - launched missile hit a group of university students as they waited for a bus on a crowded residential street in central Gaza City , killing 12 civilians .
The Israeli military has failed to explain why it targeted the group on a crowded downtown street with no known military activity in the area at the time .
On December 29 , the Israeli military struck a truck that it said was transporting Grad rockets , killing nine civilians .
The military released video footage of the attack to support its case , but the video raises serious doubts that the target constituted a military objective - doubts that should have guided the drone operator to hold fire .
The alleged rockets , the military later admitted , proved to be oxygen canisters .
The technological capabilities of drones and drone - launched missiles make these violations even more egregious , Human Rights Watch said .
Drones carry an array of advanced sensors , often combining radars , electro - optical cameras , infrared cameras , and lasers .
These sensors can provide a clear image in real time of individuals on the ground during day and night , with the ability to distinguish between children and adults .
One Israeli drone operator who flew missions in Gaza during the recent fighting told an Israeli military journal that he was able to detect clothing colors , a large radio , and a weapon .
The missile launched from a drone carries its own cameras that allow the operator to observe the target from the moment of firing to impact .
If doubts arise about a target , the drone operator can redirect the weapon elsewhere .
The drones deployed by the Israeli military - the Israeli - produced Hermes and Heron drones - have video - recording devices so that everything viewed by the operator is recorded .
Every Israeli drone missile strike during Operation Cast Lead would therefore be registered on video .
The Israeli government is obligated under international law to investigate serious violations of the laws of war .
Israeli military or civilian personnel found responsible for committing or ordering unlawful drone attacks should be disciplined or prosecuted as appropriate , Human Rights Watch said .
Individuals who have committed serious violations of the laws of war with criminal intent - that is , intentionally or recklessly - are responsible for war crimes .
Israel has failed to conduct credible investigations into its actions during Operation Cast Lead .
On April 22 , the military released the results of an internal investigation , which concluded that its forces " operated in accordance with international law " throughout the fighting and that " a very small number " of " unavoidable " incidents occurred due to " intelligence or operational errors . "
A fact - finding team from the United Nations Human Rights Council headed by the respected international jurist Richard Goldstone is currently investigating alleged violations of the laws of war by both Israel and Hamas .
Israel has said it will not cooperate with the investigation because the Human Rights Council is biased against Israel .
Hamas has said it will cooperate .
Human Rights Watch called on Israel and Hamas to cooperate fully with the Goldstone investigation .
Regarding drone - launched missiles , Israel should provide the recorded video footage and other documentation of its attacks in which civilians were wounded or killed .
Inside Story - Collateral damage ?
Surging prices for NAND flash memory have hurt what was a promising market for solid - state disk ( SSD ) drives in laptops this year , according to market research by iSupply Corp .
In a report on whether rising flash component prices are curbing SSD adoption , iSuppli said the price of a 16 G bit multi- level cell ( MLC ) NAND flash memory chip rose to $ 4.10 in the second quarter of this year , representing a $ 1.80 ( or 127 % ) price increase from the final quarter of 2008 .
About this time last year , MLC flash memory -- the type used in consumer SSD drives -- was at the bottom of a pricing trough and chips were selling for about $ 2.60 .
According to In - Stat , up until the beginning of this year , SSD prices had been dropping 60 % year over year .
The price plummet , however , hurt chip manufacturers ' profits .
According to Michael Yang , senior analyst for mobile and emerging memories at iSuppli , in order to return to profitability , NAND flash suppliers in 2008 cut capacity to reflect weak market demand .
This caused prices to rise even as sales continued to be weak .
" The recent increase in NAND flash pricing has benefitted memory chip makers , but also has served as a major damper on the market for SSDs used in notebooks , " Yang said .
" About 90 % of an SSD 's value consists of NAND flash memory , so with the pricing for such chips rising , consumer and corporate adoption of solid - state storage have been slowed . "
SSDs can serve as replacements for hard disk drives in personal computers , storing data by using flash memory rather than traditional rotating media .
SSDs are more rugged because they have no moving parts and are on average more than twice as fast as hard disks .
Prospects for SSDs had been boosted by the rising demand for laptops , whose low storage requirements and long battery lives made them a good fit for solid - state storage .
" However , with the rise in NAND pricing , even a 32GB MLC SSD represents a major addition to the final price of a notebook PC , " Yang said .
Technology
This question has been in the minds of most folks .
In the midst of the uprising technology advances we are also faced with lots of
Holiday Cottage Sleeps 4 , 2 bedrooms £ 200 to £ 455 per week
Southern Snowdonia / Machynlleth
Our guests return many times - some twice a year .
We aim to offer a memorable friendly holiday with lots of walks and bird life to see .
The Barn conversion offers quality and comfort with balcony views looking down the garden to the Dyfi Estuary .
3rd Parties Repos
Debian users :
gksu gedit /etc/apt/sources.list
To add the GPG keys for all the repositories at once , see this script which automates the key importing process
, Conky , Deluge , Gnome - Colors , Gnome DO , Google Linux Software Repositories , Medibuntu , OpenOffice.org , Mozilla Daily Build Team ( Firefox 3.5 ) , both Opera stable and Opera beta , Skype , VLC , Wine , XBMC Media Center and many others .
there is also a Debian version of the Sources List Generator , so you may want to check it out .
Once you have selected all the repositories you want , click the " Generate " button and you will then be able to copy the repositories into your sources .
list file :
For adding GPG keys of new repos , see instruction ( if available ) in the generated sources .
list itself .
An organized hit
The investigation
After the gunfire
Jerome Ersland was back at work Thursday filling prescriptions and hoping that by taking the life of a 16 - year - old boy two days earlier , he had saved others .
Rubbing an oversized bandage on his left forearm , where he said he was grazed by a robber ’s bullet , Ersland related details of what he said was a highly organized hit on the Reliable Discount Pharmacy .
" I just regret anybody would get killed , ” Ersland said .
" But if I would n’t have been here , there would have been three people killed — the other pharmacist and the two techs .
” He also recalls the angry voices of people who gathered outside the pharmacy Tuesday night , shouting that he was a racist who unnecessarily took a life of the Seeworth Academy charter school student , Antwun Parker .
" There were a lot of black people gathered out there yelling and everything at my boss , ” Ersland said .
After the pharmacy near SW 59 and Pennsylvania was robbed two years ago , the owner installed new security measures to try to make sure his employees would never again be forced to a back room and pistol - whipped .
"
We have a very good security system , ” Ersland said , motioning to the magnetic door locks that wo n’t let anyone in or out of the store without permission .
" The door locks , and they ( robbers ) knew that .
They had cased it because they knew exactly what time to hit us when we ’d have all of our narcotics out and our money out .
” About 10 minutes before 6 p.m. , Ersland said , two robbers wearing ski masks waited for someone to leave the pharmacy and then grabbed the open door and threw down a board to stop the door from closing .
The robbers went in cursing and yelling , ordering employees to give them money and drugs , Ersland said .
Two women who were working behind the counter ran for a back room where they would be safe , but Ersland said he could n’t run .
Ersland said he ’s a veteran with disabilities from wounds he received in Operation Desert Storm , wears a cumbersome back brace and just had his latest back surgery six weeks ago .
" All of a sudden , they started shooting , ” he said .
" They were attempting to kill me , but they did n’t know I had a gun .
They said , ‘ You ’re gonna die . ’
That ’s when one of them shot at me , and that ’s when he got my hand .
” Ersland said he was thrown against a wall , but managed to go for the semiautomatic in his pocket .
" And that ’s when I started defending myself , ” he said .
" The first shot got him in the head , and that slowed him down so I could get my other gun .
” But as one robber hit the floor , Ersland said , a bullet from the other robber whizzed past his ear .
The pharmacist said he then got his second gun from a nearby drawer , a Taurus " Judge . ”
After he had the big gun , Ersland said , the second robber ran .
But as he started to chase after the second robber , Ersland said , he looked back to see the 16 - year - old he had shot in the head getting up again .
Ersland said he then emptied the Kel - Tec .380 into the boy ’s chest as he kept going after the second robber .
" I went after the other guy , but he was real fast and I ’m crippled , ” Ersland said .
Outside the pharmacy , he said he saw what he thought was a third black male in a car with the engine running and reaching for what appeared to be a shotgun .
" I pulled out my ‘ Judge ’ and pointed it right between his eyes and he floored it , ” Ersland said .
Because of the sensitive nature of the investigation , police said they could not confirm any of Ersland ’s story , including whether Ersland was shot , whether the robbers ever fired on him or even if Parker was armed .
On Thursday , police were still looking for the second robber , described as a black man in his 20s , about 5 feet , 7 inches tall , and weighing about 175 pounds .
The man was last seen wearing a red shirt and dark pants .
A man was arrested about a block away after crashing a stolen car that fit the description Ersland gave , but police said the man has not been linked to the robbery .
When he went back in the pharmacy , Ersland said , he called police .
" I asked if the girls were all right , and they were in the back crying , ” he said .
" I was glad to know they were alive .
We were lucky and I ’m glad I defended us , because I feel that a person has a right to defend themselves at their home or at their work .
People deserve to be safe and not be afraid of people that want to take money when they do n’t work for it .
” That ’s what the Second Amendment and the state ’s " concealed carry ” license are for , he said .
" Fortunately , God made them miss me , except for this minor scratch , ” Ersland said .
" I was able to return fire and protect the girls ’ lives .
God was helping me . ”
A recent Bloomberg piece that for some reason was made available only to terminal subscribers , provides a very interesting discussion on the dangers of sponsored access , how the associated pre-trade vs post - trade monitoring deliberations by " regulators " will influence short selling curbs , and not surprisingly , the desire by Goldman to not only dominate this yet another aspect of high - frequency trading , but to dictate market policy at will .
What is sponsored access :
In sponsored access , a broker - dealer lends its market participation identification ( MPID ) number to clients for them to trade on exchanges without going through the broker 's trading system , to avoid slowing down the execution .
That places responsibility on the broker - dealer to make sure the participant abides by securities regulations , and that its trading , which can involve hundreds or thousands of orders a second , does not run amok .
Is it thus surprising , that none other than Goldman Sachs is muscling its way into providing not only a sponsored access platform to its clients , but a new form of sponsored access that needs the blessing of regulators :
Wall Street heavyweight Goldman Sachs , now launching its own sponsored - access service to lend clients its identification to access securities exchanges directly , said last week it favors monitoring client orders prior to execution .
" Our view is that there is a real need for pre-trade checks in the use of sponsored access to fulfill [ broker - dealers ' ] regulatory responsibilities , " said Greg Tusar , managing director at Goldman .
Goldman 's stand in favor of pre-trade instead of post - trade monitoring of sponsored clients ' activity is one side of a debate in which regulators may choose a middle ground .
The regulators ' decision on how to monitor sponsored access may also influence their deliberations on restricting short sales .
What is the difference between pre-trade and post - trade monitoring ?
In brief :
Pre-trade Compliant with Reg SHO
Nip problems before they happen
View activity across exchanges
Post - trade Faster order executions
Pre-trade systems still fallible
And another tidbit :
In traditional sponsored - access arrangements , a broker - dealer determines a client 's suitability to access market centers directly and then allows the client to trade without monitoring its individual orders prior to execution .
In other words , the Goldman endorsed pre-trade approach will allow " monitoring of individual orders prior to execution . "
Whether or not pre-trade checks provide the capacity to observe not just wholesale exchange activity in the context of sponsored access but from a much broader market angle is a discussion for another time , although this could be one place where Sergey Aleynikov could shed an infinite amount of light , especially as pertains to Goldman 's sponsored - access service .
Conveniently , his gag order will prevent him from saying much if anything until such time as there is an appetizing settlement to keep him gagged in perpetuity .
The bottom line is that with a pre-trade environment , the sponsored access providers will be able to have the potential to front run all those who use their platforms .
The residual question of how far they go to comply with regulations to prevent this from happening , and remain true to their ethics standards is also a topic for another day .
Going back to the topic at hand .
Here is why sponsored access could easily be quite a bother to capital markets sooner rather than later :
Unchecked errors or unintended repeat orders could deplete broker - dealers ' capital , and potentially wreak havoc in the broader market .
Concerns have arisen , however , about whether all broker - dealers are able to fulfill that duty in today 's electronic trading environment , and according to which standards .
And here Goldman chimes in to not only promote their proposed architecture but to expound on the virtues of pre-trade checking .
" In the case of high - frequency trading , in particular guarding against technology failures , oversized orders and other situations where there 's potentially systemic market impact , we believe strongly that pre-trade checks are a prerequisite , " Tusar says .
Nasdaq 's proposal as well as Securities and Exchange Commission officials ' speeches a few months ago appeared to lean toward bolstering the traditional approach .
" We do n't believe that 's strong enough or what the regulators want now , because of the potentially dire consequences , and because we - as broker - dealers - bear much of that risk , " Tusar says .
Now the reason why this is very relevant in the context of not just potential front running , but also market structure is that Regulation SHO , which is the primary regulatory framework for short selling ( and the purvey of potential Uptick Rule reinstatement , which will happen once the market is allowed to hit a bid ) is a post - trade architecture .
Wedbush [ Morgan ] routinely tests clients ' systems to ensure they are compliant with Reg SHO .
In addition , he says , the brokerage sets limits on clients available locates - as well as credit and trading limits -- before the start of each trading day that its system tracks , prohibiting shorts without locates and providing a type of pre-trade check .
Or as has recently become the case , seeing rolling buy ins in the middle of the day as borrowable shares in even the most liquid stocks mysteriously disappear ( look at today 's market action for yet another blatant example of this practice ) .
Anticipating the regulators ' likely response , one should not be surprised to see them siding with Goldman and against shorters :
As the SEC also seeks to appease investor concerns over rampant short selling , especially naked short selling , new sponsored - access standards may provide part of the solution .
Given that day - traders may be the last remaining culprits of such activity , , increasing and standardizing scrutiny over their trading may reduce uncovered ( and illegal ) shorts even further .
How about appeasing concerns over rampant , unjustified buying ?
When will the downtick buy rule be implemented ?
But we jest .
And I digress again .
Why should all this be concerning to advocates of stability of high - frequency trading :
The mother of all concerns is a sponsored firm 's algorithm going awry and executing thousands of problematic trades across a range of securities and market centers .
Well , this is not really a problem when it happens to the upside as has been the case for months now - it is only a threat when Joe Sixpack 's 401 ( k ) may be impacted , i.e. , to the downside .
And here is where a SEC Comment submitted by broker Lime Brokerage is a very troubling must read by all who naively claim that High - frequency trading is a boon to an efficient market ( which does n't provide .
Well , yes and no - it is , until such moment that it causes the market to , literally , break .
I will post a critical excerpt from the Lime submission , and leave the rest to our readers ' independent analysis :
Lime 's familiarity with high speed trading allows us to benchmark some of the fastest computer traders on the planet , and we have seen CDT ( Computerized Day Trading ) order placement rates easily exceed 1,000 orders per second .
Should a CDT algorithm go awry , where a large amount of orders are placed erroneously or where the orders should not have passed order validation , the Sponsor will incur a substantial timelag in addressing the issue .
From the moment the Sponsor ’s representative detects the problem until the time the problematic orders can be addressed by the Sponsor , at least two mintues will have passed .
The Sponsor ’s only tools to control Sponsored Access flow are to log into the Trading Center ’s website ( if available ) , place a phone call to the Trading Center , or call the Sponsee to disable trading and cancel these erroneous orders – all sub-optimal processes which require human intervention .
With a two minute delay to cancel these erroneous orders , 120,000 orders could have gone into the market and been executed , even though an order validation problem was detected previously .
At 1,000 shares per order and an average price of $ 20 per share , $ 2.4 billion of improper trades could be executed in this short timeframe .
The sheer volume of activity in a concentrated period of time is extremely disruptive to the process of maintaining a “ fair and orderly ” market .
This shortcoming needs to be addressed if the practice of Naked Access is going to be permitted to continue ; otherwise , the next “ Long Term Capital ” meltdown will happen in a five - minute time period .
And here is the punchline : our wise exchanges and broker - dealers have already set the stage for an outcome that will be extremely disadvantageous to anyone who is not a member of the " club . "
The strawman is total market collapse ( which will happen sooner or later regardless ) - just look at this chart from the CME indicating the phenomenal growth in prop trading across clients and the increasing domination of computerized trading :
So in essence the forced choice to regulators and traders by the likes of Goldman and exchanges it the following : pre-trade clearance , i.e. , seeing ahead of all trades for entities who use sponsored access , a platform that all will soon need to be used be everyone who wishes to remain competitive in this day and age where one extra millisecond of latency over a long enough timeline renders a speculator ( or basically trader , now that " buy and hold " is dead ) useless , or the threat of complete market collapse .
In other words : do what we want or the repercussions will destroy the free market .
It is time to call the bluff on all these alternatives by the administration and by Wall Street that have the apocalypse as one of the two options .
German Version
Spanish Version ( Translation : Lucas Cordiviola ) ( newer , html )
Spanish Version ( Translation : Raúl Lacabanne ) ( older , pdf )
This Tutorial was financed by the Music University of Freiburg , Germany .
Table of Contents
The Book ( Paperback ) can be purchased at Wolke Publishing House : Publishing House / Book Store / Amazon.de / amazon.co.uk
You can also order the book directly by mail ( in english , of course ) : shop@wolke-verlag.de
In some countries Amazon says that the book is unavailable , but it is definitely available from the publishing house .
In 2013 , the second ( revised ) edition was released !
Vim color scheme : Wombat January 22 , 2007
I have put together a color scheme for ( G ) Vim called Wombat .
Dark gray background with easy - on - the - eyes font colors .
It shares some similarities with the Desert color scheme .
Here are a couple of shots :
Download the Wombat color scheme .
Enjoy … 🙂
Trivia
In stage performance , Andy Griffith noted , he would work gradually up to his most intense moments , but needed to conjure that up spontaneously when shooting such scenes for Elia Kazan .
In some instances , he asked to have a few discarded chairs available to destroy , in order to work up his rage before filming .
See more
( CNN ) -- E. Lynn Harris , the author who introduced millions of readers to the " invisible life " of black gay men , was a literary pioneer whose generosity was as huge as his courage , friends said Friday .
E. Lynn Harris touched fans with his courage and his kindness , friends say .
Harris , 54 , died Thursday night while on a business trip to Los Angeles , California , said Laura Gilmore , his publicist .
Harris wrote a series of novels that exposed readers to characters rarely depicted in literature : black , affluent gay men who were masculine , complex and , sometimes , tormented .
Keith Boykin , an author and friend , said Harris encouraged the black community to talk openly about homosexuality .
" We have a ' do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy in the black community , " Boykin said .
" E. Lynn Harris encouraged people to ask and to tell . "
How Harris broke ground
In books like " Invisible Life , " " A Love of My Own , " and his New York Times best - selling memoir , " What Becomes of the Brokenhearted , " Harris virtually invented a new genre : books that depicted black gay men living double lives .
Though Harris wrote primarily about black gay men , some of his biggest fans were black women .
His books became staples in black beauty salons , bookstores and book clubs .
" It was hard to go on a subway in places in New York or D.C. and not see some black woman reading an E. Lynn Harris novel , " Boykin said .
Harris was an unlikely literary pioneer .
He was a former IBM executive who decided to write about his life .
He started off in 1991 selling books from the trunk of his car to African - American beauty salons and bookstores .
He eventually became one of the nation 's most popular writers with an estimated 4 million of his books in print .
Tina McElroy Ansa , author of " Taking After Mudear , " met Harris at the beginning of his literary career when he was selling his first book " Invisible Life . "
She said they were both so poor they only had enough money to buy each other 's book .
Ansa said she took Harris ' " Invisible Life " home and was stunned by the time she reached page 20 .
She came across a scene where Harris depicted two black men playing in the snow with one another .
She immediately dropped the book , called Harris and told him she had never read such a scene before .
" I had never seen homosexual love in African - American men portrayed that way , " she says .
" It was playful , loving , and it was n't hidden . "
Years later , when Harris became successful , he thanked Ansa for her early encouragement .
" He gave me a string of pearls , " Ansa said .
In 2000 , Harris told the magazine Entertainment Weekly how important " Invisible Life " was for him .
'' When I wrote " Invisible Life , " it had to be the first book out of me -- it helped me to deal with my own sexuality , '' Harris said .
" ' For me , my 20s and early 30s were spent just hiding and running , because there was no one to tell me that my life had value and the way I felt was okay . ''
Standing room only at his book events
" It 's heartbreaking ; he had such a generous spirit , " said Tananarive Due , author of " Blood Colony . "
" When I was just starting out , he flew me to an event out of his own pocket and put me up just because he thought more people should know my work , " Due said .
Harris was as generous with his fans as he was with his friends , some said .
They describe an author who held dinner parties for aspiring writers at his home , loved meeting and hugging fans at book readings , and never seemed to let his fame change him .
" You could get trampled at an E. Lynn Harris reading , " Ansa said .
" People loved him . "
Due said Harris would answer up to 200 e-mails from his fans each day .
She said Harris had been a cheerleader in college " and a spirit of joy followed him through his life . "
" He genuinely loved being around people and remembered names , " Due said .
" I remember seeing him at an event in Florida , and one woman in the crowd raised her hand and he said , ' Oh , Mary , you were here for my hardcover book signing . ' "
Nonetheless , Harris had his share of personal pain .
He was born in Flint , Michigan , and grew up in Little Rock , Arkansas .
In his 2003 memoir , he wrote about enduring abuse by his stepfather and an attempted suicide in 1990 .
And he had critics .
Some said Harris was a mediocre writer who stumbled on a winning literary formula .
Boykin says Harris was stung by some of the criticism .
" He always said ' I 'm not a James Baldwin , ' " Boykin said , referring to the openly gay black author from the 1960s .
" He was writing accessible literature for the masses . "
Boykin said Harris received most of his criticism not from outraged straight critics , but people within the black community .
" He was hurt by some of the criticism from some black gay men who felt he was n't portraying them accurately and others who thought he was telling too much , " Boykin said .
In a 2003 Detroit Free Press interview , Harris said he resisted becoming an advocate for gay rights .
" It 's such a small part of who I am , " he said .
" It 's what I do when I 'm with my partner that puts this label on me .
Most of my friends are straight .
I tend to have a regular life , if you will . "
Due said there has traditionally been a lot of pain associated with homosexuality in the black community .
Harris took a little of that pain away with his life and his books .
" He really helped let the air in , " Due said .
" He helped us all breathe a little better . "
All About Gay and Lesbian Relationships • African - American Issues • Books
When I was eleven I saw the film The Dark Crystal .
My mother took me on a Friday during the Christmas holidays .
I had looked forward to it for months .
I saw it and loved it .
The movie haunted my thoughts all the next day — the long - legged striders , the magic , the music .
I went back two days later with a friend .
When I came out the second time something had changed inside me .
As we rode home in the car my friend chattered away , but I barked at him and leaned my head on the window and felt something dying in my heart .
We did n’t play anymore after that .
I lay on my bed until nightfall , gritting my teeth against a pain I could n’t describe .
One by one , my sisters , mother , and father came in and asked me what was wrong .
I tried to put words to feelings deeper than words .
The world disappointed me .
I wanted a new world , full of excitement and power and possibility .
My father pointed out that our world had wonder and adventure of its own — knights and Indians and canyons and caves .
I felt sick as he said it .
These wonders were too small , too mundane .
Is this all the world had to offer ?
My family left me alone .
I writhed away the night .
Something new moved in that day .
I did n’t know what to call it ; I still do n’t .
Was it depression ?
Depression is too gentle a word .
The other day I heard a girl say she felt depressed about her shoes .
No , this thing was n’t depression .
This was a dark and ancient god moving into my ribcage , playing with me like a cat plays with a mouse , making a kite from my skin and tendons and bones and flying me from the bottom of the sea .
When I did n’t kill myself , we came to terms , the kite god and I .
He agreed not to keep me clenched in a knuckle of anguish for the rest of my life .
I agreed not to hope or laugh or enjoy .
I survived by escaping into other worlds .
Middle earth .
Narnia .
A galaxy far , far away .
I made worlds of my own , wrote them , drew them , inhabited and explored them , and dreaded each return to the real one .
I learned to program computer games .
I spent my afternoons questing through the 6502 microchip casting spells woven in BASIC and assembler .
It was the closest thing to magic I knew .
In high school , music became my world .
Its harmonies and rhythms held a million secret hiding places .
I learned clarinet and bassoon , piano and drums , saxophone and guitar and bass .
I wrote my own songs — first simple , then more elaborate .
By the time I graduated I had written three hundred jazz and classical pieces .
In college I moved into rock .
I wrote and recorded ninety songs .
But I never released them .
I did n’t make them to be heard .
They were private hymns , songs of pacification to the kite god .
Twenty years pass , tossing and turning me into a cold Christmas night in 2002 .
My wife has just gone to bed raging .
I ’m kneeling in my parents ’ kitchen , being swallowed by silent darkness .
She ’s angry because I spoiled our holiday .
I ’m tired all the time .
I leave silences where words should go .
My best smile is twisted .
A tickling in my ribcage tells me he ’s back , toying with the idea of stringing me up again .
Six months ago I was fine — coping mechanisms functioning perfectly .
Then I got a new job , a new house , and news of a baby on the way .
My thoughts kept drifting into questions and confusion .
Why is the world like this ?
What God would make it like this ?
Do our choices even matter ?
By September , I thought of suicide again .
I pulled over on the way to work and sat for half an hour on the side of the road .
There was nothing I wanted ahead or behind .
I told my doctor .
She gave me fluoxetine .
It helped .
After two weeks I felt fine .
Not leg - slapping “ Life is Good ! ” fine — but calm , even , easy .
I took myself off the pills in late October .
Three weeks later I still felt fine .
Then it started coming back .
A little dullness in the morning , a little worry in the afternoon .
A little more the next day .
The unease and confusion grew through December , and now I ’m on the floor on my knees with my wife ’s angry whispers still shivering in my ears .
“ God help me , ” I pray , and now I ’m talking past the kite god to whatever Light and Life might hear me .
“ I ca n’t go on like this .
I ca n’t go back into depression .
But I do n’t want to get back on the drugs . ”
I whisper to my chest in the darkness , wondering if anyone can hear me .
“ If you had the power to raise Jesus from the dead , you have the power to stop my depression .
Please take it away .
Please take it away .
I do n’t believe you ’d create a world where I have to use drugs to be happy .
Please make it so I do n’t have to use drugs .
Please take away my depression . ”
My words trail off .
I clench my eyes but ca n’t think of anything else to say .
I wait .
I wonder if I have enough faith to earn a miracle .
I feel the air with my skin , straining to feel any response from whatever God might hover near .
No response comes .
But I feel calmer , and I breathe deep .
I go to bed .
When I awake in the morning , something has changed inside my soul .
For the first time in what feels like a hundred years , the world looks good to me .
The sunlight seems like golden fields that I could run and play in .
The folds of the covers look like buttery hills waiting for me to explore them and climb them and tumble down their slopes .
The feeling of being eight years old hits me so strong I can taste it .
I want to leap out of bed and run outside and see what the world looks like from the crown of the highest tree .
In the ravenous way a little boy wants to live , I want to live .
The kite god has flown .
While I slept , depression was scraped from my soul like cobwebs from a cave .
I feel better all day , and the next day and the next .
My wife and I go see The Two Towers .
It delights me and fills me with wonder , but I no longer need it like I did .
The wonder of Middle Earth no longer casts shadows across the real world .
My wife and I hold hands as we come out .
Depression left me that Christmas Eve .
Since then seven years have passed .
It has never returned .
How did it happen ?
Why did it happen then and not before ?
Why did it happen to me and not to so many others who suffer just as much ?
I wish I knew .
I wish I could put it in a bottle and pass it around .
I do know that I prayed .
Whatever you may think about prayer , for me it was the turning point .
Some people think that believing in God is silly .
Believing in God is n’t silly , and disbelieving in God is n’t silly .
Each person gathers evidence and makes a choice .
For me , disbelieving in God would be silly , because I asked and he responded .
I ca n’t explain that away .
Someone might say that it was delusion on my part — my “ prayer ” was really just auto - psychotherapy .
You can say that if it makes you feel better , but it does n’t really explain anything .
It ’s merely a dogged reassertion of assumptions .
Since that time I ’ve asked and God has responded many , many times in a thousand different circumstances .
Not one of them is proof , but the gestalt leaves me unable to deny God ’s presence and loving responsiveness to prayer .
But I would not say that people who disbelieve in God are silly .
Not everyone has seen God ’s response .
Here , I believe , is the key .
I got a response when I asked .
If I had n’t asked , I do n’t think I would have gotten a response .
If I had asked in a half - hearted way , as a backup plan in case the main strategy fell through , I do n’t think I would have gotten a response .
If I had threatened , or bargained , or talked down to God , I do n’t think I would have gotten a response .
But how could I fail to ask ?
Now that would indeed have been silly .
London Guardian journalist warns of horrendous future of spot checks , harassment and subjugation if population accepts ID cards , microchips
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , May 19 , 2009
London Guardian journalist Charlie Skelton , who began his coverage of the 2009 Bilderberg conference in a jovial and mocking manner , is now warning that the horrendous treatment dished out to him by both police and undercover spies is just a taste of what we can expect in our daily lives if we allow Bilderberg ’s agenda , and specifically ID cards and implantable microchips , to be implemented .
Initially setting out to cover the event in a satirical way , Skelton left Greece yesterday chilled to the bone about how he had been harassed , detained and stalked for days on end by authorities merely for taking photographs of the hotel where Bilderberg members were staying .
“ My experience over the last several days in Greece has granted me a single , diamond - hard opinion , ” writes Skelton , “ That we must fight , fight , fight , now – right now , this second , with every cubic inch of our souls – to stop identity cards . ”
I can tell you right now that the argument “ If I ’ve done nothing wrong , why would I worry about showing who I am ? ” is hogwash .
Worse than that , it ’s horse hockey .
It ’s all about the power to ask , the obligation to show , the justification of one ’s existence , the power of the asker over the subservience of the asked .
( Did you know that most Greek police do n’t wear a number ?
This is an obligation that goes one way . )
I have learned this from the random searches , detentions , angry security goon proddings and thumped police desks without number that I ’ve had to suffer on account of Bilderberg : I have spent the week living in a nightmare possible future and many different terrible pasts .
I have had the very tiniest glimpse into a world of spot checks and unchecked security powers .
And it has left me shaken .
It has left me , literally , bruised .
Skelton adds that the ID card turns the citizen into a suspect and would be “ the end of everything , ” noting that plans are also afoot to replace the ID card with an implantable microchip for greater efficiency and tracking of the population , a subject that was up for discussion at last year ’s Bilderberg Group conference .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
During the meeting in Washington DC , journalist Jim Tucker ’s source told him that Bilderberg were discussing the microchipping of humans on a mass scale , which would be introduced under the pretext of fighting terrorism whereby the “ good guys ” would be allowed to travel freely from airports so long as their microchip could be scanned and the information stored in a database .
Highlighting the fact that authorities in Greece found it so easy to intimidate and harass journalists because there were so few there , Skelton is now calling for a deluge of citizen journalists to descend on Bilderberg 2010 where it is held .
“ Publicity is pure salt to the giant slug of Bilderberg .
So I suggest next year we turn up with a few more tubs .
If the mainstream press refuses to give proper coverage to this massive annual event , then interested citizens will have to : a people ’s media .
Find the biggest lens you can and join us for Bilderberg 2010 .
No idea where it ’s going to be , but there ’s usually a few days ’ notice , ” he writes .
Bilderberg 2009 was again marked by an almost universal media blackout of around 150 of the planet ’s top powerbrokers meeting in secret to steer the future of the world .
A G8 summit or a World Economic Forum would attract thousands of media stories and yet Bilderberg , despite its alluring cloak and dagger secrecy which would normally attract journalists seeking a scoop like a moth to a flame , was mentioned by a mere handful of corporate media outlets .
Not one U.S. news network dared touch the story .
As Skelton highlights , the more light thrown on Bilderberg ’s shady activities will lead to more questions being asked of the people who attend .
“ Petition newspapers to send a correspondent .
Petition your MP to ask a question in parliament .
This happened a few days ago in Holland .
Citing an article by Paul Joseph Watson on prisonplanet.com , a Dutch MP asked in parliament about the involvement of the prime minister , the minister for European affairs and Queen Beatrix , asking them to make public any items that were on the agenda , and whether the ratification of the Lisbon treaty was discussed , ” he writes .
This article was posted : Tuesday , May 19 , 2009 at 10:09 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
During the long pull - back shot which shows how deep in the Sultan 's camp the Baron is being held , extras quickly move together as the camera moves back to cover the dolly track on the ground , but frequently do not succeed .
See more
This is a new motion picture .
This motion picture is not to be confused with the UFA / Transit / Murnau 1942/43 motion picture bearing the title ' The Adventures of Baron Munchausen ' .
See more
Alternate Versions
Recent prints , including home video reissues , have included a new card during the end .
It has been inserted between the end title and " The End " and reads : " This is a new motion picture .
This motion picture is not to be confused with the UFA / Transit / Murnau 1942/43 motion picture bearing the title ' The Adventures of Baron Munchausen ' . "
This refers to the German production of Münchhausen that was made during the Nazi era and underwent restoration by the F.W. Murnau Foundation during the 1990s .
See more
Le parquet a requis , lundi 15 juin , la dissolution des deux principales structures françaises de l'église de Scientologie , poursuivie devant le tribunal correctionnel de Paris pour escroquerie en bande organisée .
Les deux représentants du parquet , Maud Morel - Coujard et Nicolas Baïeto , ont , en outre , demandé aux magistrats de la 12e chambre de condamner l'Association spirituelle de l'eglise de Scientologie – Celebrity Centre ( ASES - CC ) – et sa librairie ( SEL ) à payer chacune une amende de 2 millions d'euros .
Par ailleurs , 150 000 euros d'amende , quatre ans de prison avec sursis et cinq ans de privation des droits civiques et civils ont été requis contre le responsable spirituel du Celebrity Centre , Alain Rosenberg .
Le parquet a requis également de la prison avec sursis et des amendes contre les cinq autres prévenus scientologues .
" CONDAMNATION À MORT POUR LA PERSONNE MORALE DE LA SCIENTOLOGIE "
L'affaire remonte à la fin des années 1990 .
Quatre anciens adeptes avaient porté plainte , estimant avoir été abusés , voire pour certains ruinés , par l'église de Scientologie .
Depuis , deux d'entre eux se sont désistés de leur action .
La Scientologie nie les charges et se dit victime d'une atteinte à la liberté de religion .
Me Patrick Maisonneuve , avocat de la Scientologie , s'est dit surpris .
" C'est une demande de condamnation à mort pour la personne morale de la Scientologie " , a -t - il dit , annonçant qu'il plaiderait la relaxe lors des ultimes audiences .
Dans un réquisitoire de quatre heures , le procureur Maud Coujard a estimé que l'argument concernant la nature religieuse de la Scientologie n'avait pas sa place dans un tribunal .
" Religion prétendue ou réelle , ce n'est pas le lieu d'en débattre .
Le fait religieux pas plus que le mobile religieux ne constitue une justification en droit pénal " , a - t - elle dit .
Elle a soutenu que l'organisation utilisait une série de techniques frauduleuses pour dépouiller ses adeptes .
Le tribunal correctionnel de Paris entendra mardi et mercredi les plaidoiries de la défense , avant de mettre sa décision en délibéré à plusieurs semaines .
Le Monde avec AFP et Reuters
Today Rachel Maddow revealed that previous guest Army National Guardsman Lt. Dan Choi , who came out publicly on her show , is the latest of victim of Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell , having received a letter from the Army informing him that he is being kicked out of the military .
This is to inform you that sufficient basis exists to initiate action for withdrawal of Federal Recognition in the Army National Guard for moral or professional dereliction .
Specifically you admitted publicly that you are a homosexual , which constitutes homosexual conduct .
Your actions negatively affected the good order and disciplin of the New York Army National Guard .
Video begins about 1:25 in :
Lt. Choi will be appearing live on the Rachel Maddow Show tomorrow night .
Post by ILO on 05/06/09 at 8:47 pm
Bad Logos - When Logos Go Bad - Logos that Suck - Bad Logo Design Samples - Tutorial on Bad Logos
Do you see anything wrong with this logo design ?
Scroll down .
Unprofessional logo design can get you into a position were you have to redo your logo .
Now look at the original logo again .
Imagine you have your business cards , your letterhead and your signage all completed and then you discover that your logo is not quite sending the correct message for your business .
Logo design must take into consideration the placement and position of images in a logo , or those images can adversely affect the effectiveness of your logo .
As you can see in the logo to the left , the images do not communicate the appropriate message .
Those pesky little figures can get you into the most compromising positions with your logo designs .
Those little figures are at it again .
They just never seem to know when such activity is appropriate and when it is not .
Logo figures should not have their pointy bits out , trying to poke other logo figures .
Sometimes it is not necessary to show how your product is to be used in the logo design .
In this case the logo design was destroyed by the lack of letter spacing .
Running your letters together in a logo design can cause you problems with " readability " .
Just plain bad logo design .
Your personal problems should not be part of your logo design .
You have to be careful of cultural symbols that may translate badly into another culture .
Or translate into an inappropriate message in your logo .
This is just another case of bad logo design .
The logo designer should have not gone forward with this design , for this client .
The image is just not a good image for this logo project .
Maybe an X - Rated site , but not for an " Institute " of higher learning .
Now this is not so much a problem with the logo design , as a problem with the name of the company .
People that name their companies , without taking into consideration the double meanings of some phrases , run the risk of having a very bad name for a food company .
Once again a poor choice for a logo symbol for the company involved .
Or maybe the company is full of big dic*s , and the symbol is appropiate .
Either way , the symbol is not telling me something good about the company .
The symbol in this logo is telling me what ?
... I should run for the door when the company arrives ?
Such " transactions " will drive you out of business ?
How do they spell that company name ?
Transhit ?
That can't be right .
Another case of an image not fitting the company .
The logo designer is just not paying attention to what he / she is drawing and the message the image is sending to the viewer .
Bad logo design .
Those little logo figures are at it again .
That must be why there are so many of them running around in logo designs .
They keep making more .
How is that spelled ?
Sinkist ?
Maybe the logo figures above should be in this logo design ?
This could be a subliminal message with this logo , so it could be what the client wanted .
Squirting round object behind the words ?
The head on view of something squirting ?
Hum , interesting .
Some products do n't need to be drawn in the logo design .
Some are best left to the viewer 's imagination .
This logo design is just wrong .
It was for a public baby changing / restroom , but the symbol is just wrong .
These symbols are odd , but the comments by the anonymous person writing on the wall make it funny .
CNC Factory ( Headquarters / Mibu )
Headquarters / CNC assembly cell
The factory in Headquarters has a capacity to produce 25,000 CNCs and robot controllers per month .
The factory in Mibu has a capacity to produce 10,000 CNCs per month ( can be extended to a maximum of 30,000 CNCs per month ) .
FANUC ROBOTs are used abundantly for complex assembly tasks which only humans could perform in the past .
SERVO MOTOR Factory ( Headquarters / Mibu )
The factory in Headquarters has a capacity to produce 150,000 Servo Motors per month .
The factory in Mibu has a capacity to produce 40,000 Servo Motors per month ( can be extended to a maximum of 150,000 Servo Motors per month ) .
The latest robotized factories integrating FANUC ’s technologies boast a high level of automation in retrieving parts , assembling , testing , and packaging , leading to efficient production .
Headquarters
Mibu
SERVO AMPLIFIER Factory ( Headquarters / Mibu )
The factory in Headquarters has a capacity to produce 84,000 Servo Amplifiers per month .
The factory in Mibu has a capacity to produce 34,000 Servo Amplifiers per month ( can be extended to a maximum of 105,000 Servo Amplifiers per month ) .
All processes are automated with FANUC ROBOTs , from the mounting of printed circuit boards , cooled fins and cooling fans to enclosures , up to testing .
Headquarters
Mibu
LASER Factory ( Mibu )
This factory has a capacity to produce 120 fiber lasers and CO2 lasers per month ( can be extended to a maximum of 400 lasers per month ) .
Laser oscillators are assembled and tested automatically in clean rooms , ensuring high quality .
ROBOT Factory ( Headquarters / Tsukuba )
Headquarters
The ROBOT Factory in Headquarters has a capacity to produce 6,000 units per month , while the Tsukuba Factory can produce 1,000 units per month .
( To be increased to a maximum capacity of 11,000 units per month combined . )
ROBOTs are manufactured in automated assembly systems , where a large number of FANUC ROBOTs are used to make ROBOTs .
The newly made ROBOTs then undergo automatic testing and inspection , along with continuous operation before shipment .
ROBODRILL Factory ( Tsukuba )
Assembly of automatic tool changers
The Tsukuba ROBODRILL
Factory has a capacity to produce 3,000 ROBODRILLs and DDRs ( 1 axis rotary table ) per month .
( DDRs are manufactured at Headquarters . )
Units such as tool changers are assembled automatically by robots .
Many collaborative robots are actively used to assemble spindles alongside human workers .
ROBOSHOT Factory ( Headquarters )
Production of 400 ROBOSHOTs per month is possible .
( To be increased to a maximum of 600 units per month . )
Heavy parts are assembled jointly by workers and collaborative robots .
After the assembly of a ROBOSHOT is completed , it is connected by LAN to a host computer , after which the data is set and test data is collected automatically .
Assembly of a unit by a worker
and collaborative robot
ROBOCUT Factory ( Headquarters )
Production of 100 ROBOCUTs per month is possible .
( To be increased to a maximum of 150 units per month . )
Heavy parts are assembled jointly by workers and collaborative robots .
By connecting to the host computer via LAN , data transmission and process management , along with conveying work instructions , can be performed efficiently .
ROBONANO Factory ( Headquarters )
ROBONANOs , which are machines for ultra-precision nano machining , are manufactured in this factory .
Highly accurate finishing , precision measurement , and assembly of bearings , are carried out effciently .
Machining Factory ( Headquarters / Tsukuba )
Headquarters
Parts for ROBOTs , ROBODRILLs , ROBOSHOTs , ROBOCUTs and laser oscillators are machined in these factories .
With the installation of FANUC ROBOT Cells , they operate unmanned for long hours .
SERVO MOTOR Parts Machining Factory ( Headquarters )
Parts for MOTORs are manufactured with CNC lathes .
The workpieces are supplied to machining cells by an automated warehouse , then loaded and unloaded by ROBOTs automatically .
Press Factory ( Headquarters )
Pressed parts for motors are produced here .
Robots are used to automatically take out , inspect , and measure pressed parts .
Die Cast Factory ( Headquarters )
Die cast parts for MOTORs are manufactured in this factory .
ROBOTs are used throughout the process , performing casting , unloading , bending and deburring .
Mold Factory ( Headquarters / Mibu )
ROBOSHOTs are used to produce plastic parts for CNCs , SERVO MOTORs and SERVO AMPLIFIERs .
The molding status is constantly monitored and recorded via a network .
Sheet Metal Factory ( Headquarters )
The Sheet Metal Factory manufactures cabinets for FANUC ROBOT controller using highly automated systems with ROBOTs .
Paint Factory ( Headquarters )
The parts for MOTORs , ROBOTs and ROBOSHOTs are painted by FANUC Paint ROBOTs .
Even the masking process is automated with FANUC intelligent ROBOTs .
Imported from Russia
Our products are genuine articles , often hand - made at our Russian workshops by traditional artisans or purchased directly through our Russian suppliers .
We hand - pick every item and verify its authenticity before presenting it online to our customers .
Several times a year we gather a large assortment of Russian crafts and collectibles , package them up for their journey across the Atlantic , and ship them to our U.S. facilities where we unpack , sort , and sell them daily on our website .
They exaggerate .
They fudge .
They confuse .
And sometimes they 're not even numbers .
In theory , software version numbers should be about as scintillating as as serial numbers , house numbers , channel numbers , or Vehicle Identification Numbers .
You do n’t get much more mundane than the practice of keeping track of a software package ’s major and minor editions by assigning decimal numbers to them .
Except…version numbers long ago stopped being version numbers .
Software companies started using them as marketing weapons .
They tried varying methods of assigning identities to applications , such as naming them after years .
They decided that numbers were too dry and substituted letters and words that were meant to be more evocative .
I ’m not embarrassed to admit I find ’em interesting enough to write this article .
I cheerfully admit to using the broadest possible definition of version number in this story–hey , I ’m going to discuss names that do n’t involve numbers at all .
I know that developers still use more formal , traditional software versioning naming conventions behind the scenes .
( Windows Vista , for instance , is officially version 6.0 of Windows ; Technologizer is on version 20593 , but do n’t ask me to explain why . )
For no particular reason , I ’m going to write this as a FAQ .
Even though there ’s an awful lot about this topic which I just do n’t know …
When did version numbers come into use ?
I wish I could tell you–actually , I ’m hoping that someone reading this will be able to .
I do know that the FORTRAN II programming language came along in 1958 , so software developers having been using numbers to keep track of software versions for more than half a century .
By the early 1970s , Unix ’s developers were keeping track of its evolution using “ edition ” numbers–second edition , third edition , and so on –which referred to the revisions to the Unix manual .
I ’m not sure if there was a period when version numbers were n’t widely used for personal computer software , but if so , it was n’t long .
When I got into computers in 1978 , standard version numbers and point releases ( such as Radio Shack ’s famously unusable TRS - DOS 2.1 ) were already part of the culture .
What ’s the highest version number ever ?
I ’m sure that someone will top this within moments of the time I click “ Publish ” to push this story onto the site , but the highest version number I know of belongs to Broderbund ’s The Print Shop 23 , a product which ( A ) has been around for 27 years ; ( B ) has received almost - yearly updates ; and ( C ) uses a traditional version number instead of a year or other identifier .
The modern version of the Broderbund company seems to specialize in elder - statesman software :
It also publishes PrintMaster Platinum 18 , Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing 20 , and Calendar Creator 12 .
It also offers something called ClickArt 1.2 Million , but in that case I ’m pretty sure that the number does n’t refer to the version .
Honorable runner - up to The Print Shop for highest version number : the legendary text editor Emacs , which has reached version 22.3 .
What ’s the greatest version number ever ?
That ’s easy–at least if you ask me .
It ’s 5.1 .
Which is , of course , the version number of WordPerfect 5.1 –a DOS word processor so famous , respected , and durable that it ’s identifiable by its version number alone two decades after it first appeared … and people still want to use it .
I do n’t know of a single person who remembers it who considers it to have anything but extremely positive connotations .
( WordPerfect acknowledged it was a magical number by releasing a Windows version of WordPerfect 5.1 , too–even though it does n’t make a whole lot of sense to apply a point - release version number from a product for one platform to a version for another . )
Runner up for best version number : 3.11 .
As in 1993 ’s Windows for Workgroups 3,11 , one of the best versions of any operating system ever released .
( I ’m convinced that it ’s the supposedly minor versions of Windows that are the most significant–any edition with anything after the decimal point shows that it benefited from bug fixes . )
The 3.11 in WfW 3.11 must be the most famous two - decimal - place version number ever–and yes , I miss the era when Microsoft ( or any software company ) would put mighty marketing muscle behind version 3.11 of anything .
Did Windows 95 start the idea of using years instead of version numbers ?
Nope–it ’s a far older conceit than that .
The earliest example I ’m aware of is Fortran 66 – no relation that I know of to Sergio Mendes and Brasil 66 – an update to what was even then a venerable programming language .
One of the first operating systems I ever used was an alternative TRS - 80 OS called NewDOS / 80 .
Adobe released Illustrator 88 .
( There was a WordStar 2000 , but it probably does n’t count–it was released in 1985 , and presumably intended to sound futuristic . )
Still , Windows 95 remains the most famous product with a year in its name , and it started a trend which continues to this day , But it fell victim to multiple delays that left it being released on August 24th , 1995 , well over halfway through the year .
With the exception of tax packages –whose version names refer to the tax year in question –I can’t imagine anyone releasing a product today named after a year that ’s already winding down .
In fact , I ’m surprised that Microsoft did n’t rename the OS as Windows 96 before shipping it .
For obvious reasons , the industry seems to have settled on using years only for products that are updated annually or nearly so .
I acknowledge that year - based names helpfully tell you roughly when a product was released –but they still make me think of Airport 1975 .
( Illustrator 88 box borrowed from Publicious . )
What was with the name Windows XP ?
Back in 2001 , Microsoft said the XP stood for “ Experience , ” and that it symbolized “ the rich and extended user experiences Windows and Office can offer by embracing Web services that span a broad range of devices . ”
Pretty awe - inspiring !
I ’m not privy to the discussions that led to the moniker , but I suspect that the company thought that both traditional version numbers and years felt dry and stale .
Maybe it was motivated by some of the same thinking that led Intel to replace a processor called the 80486 with one known as the Pentium .
The XP name proved only moderately influential .
In 2002 , Macromedia released a product called Studio MX , which was replaced by a product with the belt - and - suspenders name Studio MX 2004 .
AMD released the Athlon XP CPU , which struck me as a naming faux pas at the time , since it suggested a link with Windows XP that did n’t exist sounded like AMD was saying the chip was n’t a good fit for other OSes .
And today , Adobe offers [ a product which many people , including me , mistakenly believe is called ]
Creative Suite CS4 ( the “ CS ” stands for “ Creative Suite ” and is therefore wholly unneccessary ) .
My only objection to names like Windows XP is that they do n’t give you a clue about a product ’s relation to its predecessors and descendants .
In the last eleven years , Microsoft has released Windows 98 , Windows 2000 , Windows Me , Windows XP , and Windows Vista , and is about to ship Windows 7 .
Thousands of years from now , technology historians are going to have trouble figuring out what was released when , and may even believe that Windows 98 was the ninety - first release following Windows 7 .
Speaking of Vista , what was up with that name ?
As with Windows XP , Microsoft went for a version identifier that was meant to evoke an emotional response rather than keep track of its relationship to previous versions .
The “ Vista ” in “ Windows Vista ” meant to convey that the OS was “ Clear , Confident , Connected , ” Microsoft explained .
Setting aside the question of whether Vista was clear , confident , and connected , the name is as far as Microsoft or anyone else has gotten from old - style version identifiers .
It ’s more Pepsi Jazz than Coke Zero , and I ’m not so sure that its expansive - but - elusive quality was n’t a minor contributing factor to Vista ’s poor reputation .
And Windows 7 ?
Well , in principle , giving a software product a version number that really is a version number is n’t a big decision –it ’s just a statement of fact .
But considering that Windows 7 is the first version of Windows with a straightforward version number since Windows NT 4.0 back in 1996 , the moniker is a meaningful statement of some sort .
I ’m not sure if Microsoft has articulated publicly why it chose to drop the non-number naming convention it used for Windows XP and Vista , but the obvious explanation would be that it ’s trying to position Win 7 as a low - key , high - value OS that delivers more than it promises–a sort of anti-Vista .
The lucky connotations of the number 7 probably do n’t hurt either .
Also , “ Windows Vista II ” would n’t have made anybody happy .
Remind me again how Microsoft determined that Windows 7 is the seventh version of Windows ?
I ca n’t get the math to work .
According to Microsoft ’s accounting , these have been the major versions of Windows :
Windows 1.0
Windows 2.0
Windows 3.0
Windows 95 , 98 , SE , and Me–all of which count as Windows 4.0
Windows 2000 – which was Windows 5.0
Windows Vista–which was Windows 6.0
Windows 7.0
That sounds pretty darn arbitrary –I mean , it does n’t consider Windows XP to have been a major version of Windows .
Tell me about it .
Did I mention that the official version number of Windows 7 is … Windows 6.1 ?
Enough about Windows already .
Any thoughts about Apple ’s OS X ?
Its numbering is remarkably conservative , and I ’m not sure why .
OS X 10.0 ( the successor to System 9 , but based on NeXTStep ) came out in 2001 , and in the eight years since , the OS has only wriggled its way up to OS X 10.5 .
( Version 10.6 is due in September . )
It ’s true that Apple releases fairly frequent upgrades with healthy - but - not - overwhelming quantities of new features , but just about any other software company on the planet would have gotten to version 14 or so by now .
It leaves me wondering what , if anything , would get Apple to roll over the version number to 11 –and , if it did , whether it would call the product OS X 11.0 or OS XI 11.0 .
Of course , most Mac fans refer to OS X iterations not by version numbers but by their cat - themed codenames–OS X 10.5 is Leopard , and OS X 10.6 will be Snow Leopard .
Apple started making the codenames into official monikers for the shipping versions in 2002 with OS X 10.2 , also known as Jaguar .
It ’s an interesting approach , but the company is running out of wild cats to name versions after .
I ’m not sure if it ’ll ever release a Cougar ( it may not like the alternative definition ) or Lion ( which may sound too much like Lyin’ ) .
But OS X Lynx still seems like a good possibility , and I ’m personally rooting for OS X Ocelot .
OS X is also noteworthy for turning the version number into the very name of the product .
I ’m not sure if anyone ’s done that before .
Are there other examples of conservatism in version numbering ?
Open - source projects , more often than not , are admirably restrained –maybe because they ’re not under the same marketing pressures as commercial software .
The Linux kernel has been around for nineteen years and has only reached version 2.6.30.1 ; the HandBrake video transcoder is at version 0.9.3 after more than six years .
On the other hand , I ’m still confused by the way the same basic office suite is marketed both as StarOffice 9.0 and OpenOffice.org 3.1 .
And Google ’s Chrome browser is an open - source project , but a mere five months after version 1.0 left beta , the company released a version 2.0 that other developers might have called a 1.1 or 1.5 .
Is there a funniest version number of all time ?
Yes .
Or at least a funniest numbering system .
The one used by Donald Knuth ’s TeX typesetting language .
To quote Wikipedia :
Since version 3 , TeX has used an idiosyncratic version numbering system , where updates have been indicated by adding an extra digit at the end of the decimal , so that the version number asymptotically approaches π.
This is a reflection of the fact that TeX is now very stable , and only minor updates are anticipated .
The current version of TeX is 3.1415926 ; it was last updated in March 2008 .
The design was frozen after version 3.0 , and no new feature or fundamental change will be added , so all newer versions will contain only bug fixes .
Even though Donald Knuth himself has suggested a few areas in which TeX could have been improved , he indicated that he firmly believes that having an unchanged system that will produce the same output now and in the future is more important than introducing new features .
For this reason , he has stated that the “ absolutely final change ( to be made after my death ) ” will be to change the version number to π , at which point all remaining bugs will become features .
That ’s nerd humor , I know , but version numbers are inherently nerdy , so it ’s only appropriate .
Is it bad luck for a product to reach release number 13 ?
I ’m not sure if we know –has anyone ever been brave enough to sell a version 13 of anything ?
Relatively few applications have reached version 12 and therefore been faced with the question of what to call the next upgrade .
Microsoft ’s code - name for what became Office 2007 was Office 12 ; it did n’t startle anyone in the least when the code - name for the next version was Office 14 .
Corel has come closer to honesty here than any other company I know–it called the thirteenth editions of CorelDraw and WordPerfect “ X3 , ” for 10+3 , then continued the approach with CorelDraw X4 and WordPerfect X4 .
May both products flourish long enough that Corel has to figure out what to call the 666th versions .
Are any other version numbers bad luck ?
Yes .
The sluggish and buggy Windows Millennium Edition ( aka Windows Me ) turned out to be the least - loved version of Microsoft ’s OS .
( At least until Vista came along –although Vista has defenders and WinMe , as far as I know , does n’t . )
And Lotus SmartSuite Millennium Edition turned out to be the last real upgrade to a venerable product .
( IBM still sells it as SmartSuite 9.8 , but is too embarrassed to call it Millennium Edition . )
On the other hand , Windows 2000 and Microsoft Office 2000 did n’t seem to be jinxed .
Lesson :
The whole idea of the millennium being exciting got old quick–and the cuter the version number , the more dangerous .
Do version numbers lie ?
Sure–or they ’ve been known to stretch the truth , at least .
For instance , back in 1993 , Microsoft Word for Windows made a great leap forward from version 2.0 to 6.0 – which conveniently put it at numeric parity with archrival WordPerfect 6.0 .
In 2002 , Netscape went directly from 4.8 from 6.0 – coincidentally matching archrival Internet Explorer 6.0 .
Digital Reaearch ’s DOS clone DR - DOS premiered with version 3.41 ( making it sound more advanced than MS - DOS 3.3 ) and skipped 4.0 because MS - DOS 4.0 was a flop .
In the hardware arena , Psion followed up its popular Series 3 PDA with the Series 5 palmtop–Psion was worried that Asian cultures consider the number 4 to be unlucky .
Will version numbers ever go away ?
Not in terms of their use by software developers ; it ’s simply mandatory that programmers keep track of each version of an application , and there ’s no rational way to do it except to assign each one a number .
But as traditional software gives way to Web - based services that roll out new features continuously rather than in occasional outbursts , version numbers just are n’t what they used to be .
I have no idea what to call the current version of Gmail , for instance .
So I ’m guessing that version numbers will eventually go the way of dot - matrix printers –they ’re too useful to face true extinction , but most of us will sort of forget they still exist .
I ’d love to be proven wrong , though .
I may not be around in 2086 , but I ’d like to think that Broderbund will be–and that it ’ll be releasing The Print Shop 100 …
Read more :
Featured Book
Marketing Metrics is an award - winning guide designed to help you choose , implement , and apply the right metrics for your business .
Learn how to accurately quantify the performance of all your marketing investments , increase marketing ROI , and grow profits .
Four renowned experts help you apply today 's best practices for assessing everything from brand equity to social media , email performance , and rich media interaction .
