If you have deleted partitions by accident , do not create another partitions , just leave it blank .
If you have deleted files from the recycling bin and you realize you needed it , do not save anything to that drive .
Because Hard drives do not actually erase data or partitions .
When you erase a file from the operating system , it just marked on the drive as deleted .
When your system needs to store more data on that drive , it will consider files on the drive marked Deleted as being free space , and it copy over them .
If that happens then you are in big trouble .
This rule also applies for partitions , since partition information just presents the operating system with a way of addressing the space available on that drive .
If you delete a partition , everything from will be gone .
because there is no partition information , no data can be read by the operating system .
Your data will be on the hard drive but operating system can not see that .
Data - recovery programs can see that data by scanning hard drive .
The Best thing to do in a data loss situation is to make sure no more data is written to that drive .
If you have just the one partition and it 's fried , you can't boot normally to the operating system .
The best option is to transfer your hard drive to another computer .
Transferring the Hard disk drive to another computer is best because it will prevent the drive from being over written , and potentially allowing you to retrieve files from the disk just by using Windows Explorer to look through file structures .
If you have damaged or erased important operating system files , but the partition information is still readable Windows will not boot .
If you can not physically transfer the hard disk to another computer , The simplest way to gain access to the files on your hard disk drive with a DOS boot disk and then use a DOS compatible file recovery program .
If you have only one hard drive with a single partition that is no longer bootable , file recovery becomes more difficult .
Because most recovery programs will need a place to copy recovered data , and if you are using the same drive which has the lost data on it you will be destroying more data than you save .
It is a better idea to install a new hard drive onto the current system and save the recovered data on new hard drive ..
There are several programs such as Ontrack Easy Recovery , Winternals Disk Commander , Active Partition Recovery and Active Uneraser that will boot your system straight into DOS , then perform file recovery .
If you have installed your damaged hard drive into another computer , or if you have put a new drive with a separate Operating System into your current machine , you now have a many advantages :
You can attempt to access your lost data normally through Windows File Explorer .
This will not work if the partition information has been changed , since the OS will not ' see ' the logical drives .
Now you can safely play with recovering your files , since you now have a completely separate hard disk drive on which to put recovered data without compromising the damaged hard drive drive .
Here is the tutorials of Freeware Data Recovery Programs :
The oils that sizzle McDonald 's fries and chicken nuggets will soon also stoke its trucks , as the fast food chain starts converting its cooking oil into biodiesel , the Financial Times reported on its Web site Monday .
McDonald 's plans to run its 155 UK delivery trucks on biodiesel made entirely from cooking oil collected from its restaurants by the end of the year .
The Southern California Honda Dealers Association is trying some friendly , if a bit odd , tactics to sell more new cars .
Dealers in the group are sending out its employees in blue Honda shirts to carry groceries , pump free gas and hand out complimentary popcorn at theaters .
Pasadena drivers were even treated to free parking , when one street 's parking meters were covered in blue hoods that said , " It 's on us , " and " Helpful Honda .
" The L.A. Times ' story says the helpful Honda employees are n't trying to sell cars and do n't even mention their employer or their reasons for helping .
Honda hopes those who receive assistance say to themselves , " That was nice of Honda .
Now , what has MY car 's company done for me lately ?
" While the story does n't cite any numbers to indicate whether the five - month - old campaign is working , the reporter witnessed at least one free gas recipient vow to buy a Honda next time .
We 've definitely seen crazier things for a free tank .
[ Source : The L.A. Times ]
A Web of oil intrigue / Rumored Iran plan has blogs breathless
Iran has a plan to destroy America , and it has nothing to do with the bomb .
Instead , the Islamic republic will use oil and euros to slay the Great Satan , breathless accounts on the Internet warn .
The attack will proceed as follows :
Iran will open an oil trading exchange that operates in euros rather than dollars -- until now , the world 's sole currency for buying crude .
Other countries , whose central banks were holding onto dollars largely to buy oil , will dump their dollars en masse .
The greenback 's value will collapse .
The American economy will tank .
The U.S. - dominated New World Order will disappear in a flurry of currency trades .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
This tall tale has circulated on the Web for months .
Bloggers type apocalyptic postings about it .
People who identify themselves as economists engage in detailed , sometimes arcane debates on it .
And like any good online story , the saga of the Iranian oil exchange , or bourse , has taken on a viral life of its own .
It has veered deep into the Web 's netherworld of conspiracy theorists .
America invaded Iraq , for example , because Saddam Hussein started trading oil in euros .
We 'll do the same thing to Iran , for the same reason .
The dispute over Tehran 's nuclear program ?
A smokescreen to cover America 's true intent -- stopping the bourse .
The story contains several grains of truth .
Iran does , in fact , want to create an oil exchange .
The petroleum - rich republic has pursued the idea , off and on , for years .
The bourse would rival the New York Mercantile Exchange and International Petroleum Exchange in London -- the twin centers of the oil - trading world .
But it 's far from clear that the effort will take off .
And even if it does , most economists consider it little threat to the United States .
First of all , Iran would need the cooperation of its oil - producing neighbors to make such an exchange work , and relations with many of them are strained .
" I do n't believe the Iranians would dream of going ahead without Saudi agreement , " said Chris Cook , the British consultant and former director of the International Petroleum Exchange who first suggested to the Iranians that they create the bourse .
The exchange , he said , would likely start with selling petroleum chemicals and expand into crude later -- if the gulf 's other oil producers agreed .
" The whole idea would be , in the medium or long term , to get into crude oil , " he said .
" But you understand how sensitive it is . "
In addition , luring business from New York and London to the theocratic republic of Iran might prove difficult .
And Iran lacks many of the elements needed to create a successful exchange , including close proximity to international financial institutions , traders , economists and computer experts .
" You ca n't set up a petroleum exchange in Omaha , " said John Taylor , a senior fellow at Stanford University 's Hoover Institution and a former U.S. Treasury undersecretary for international affairs .
Referring to Iran , he added , " It 's doable .
In this particular case , it seems like a bit of a stretch . "
Should the bourse open , most economists regard the idea that it could kill the dollar as preposterous .
Currencies can easily be swapped on the financial markets , meaning one does n't need a stockpile of greenbacks to buy oil , they say .
And countries hold onto , or sell , dollars for many other reasons than to trade oil .
" There 's a difference between the currency on the invoice and the currency that people actually want to hold , " said Richard Lyons , executive associate dean of UC Berkeley 's Haas School of Business .
Skeptics see in the oil bourse tale a prime example of an Internet discussion run amok .
In the Web 's planetwide echo chamber , a story that normally would interest a limited pool of financiers and oil industry players has mutated into Armageddon .
Even its most speculative elements have come to be treated as fact , at least by some .
" It 's got 20,000 hits on Google -- that means there must be something there , " said Geoffrey Bowker , director of Santa Clara University 's Center for Science , Technology and Society .
" It 's like a playground situation , in the old days , when a rumor would start around a school .
In an hour , it 's reality . "
A January article , written by Krassimir Petrov and posted on several Web sites , provides the most complete version of the bourse story .
Petrov , who teaches economics and finance at the American University in Bulgaria , argues that the value of the U.S. dollar is backed by oil , in much the same way that it was once backed by gold .
The dollar has become the world 's dominant currency because all nations need it to buy oil .
If oil starts trading in other currencies , that dominance will end , taking much of America 's international power with it .
" The Iranian government has finally developed the ultimate ' nuclear ' weapon that can swiftly destroy the financial system underpinning the American Empire , " he writes .
In response , Petrov argues , the United States has a limited number of options .
These include hacking into and sabotaging the exchange , blowing it up , negotiating with the Iranians , declaring all - out war against them or organizing a coup d'etat .
" Whatever the strategic choice , from a purely economic point of view , should the Iranian Oil Bourse gain momentum , it will be eagerly embraced by major economic powers and will precipitate the demise of the dollar , " he writes .
To say the least , this is not a universal view .
Many people question the eagerness of international oil traders , now comfortably ensconced in London and New York , to decamp to Iran .
Those traders and their companies might be hesitant to set up shop in a country known for its opaque government , strict application of Muslim law and hostility to the West .
Although Tehran has an active stock market , it is no hub of international finance .
Neither is the bourse 's proposed location , a small Persian Gulf island called Kish .
In addition , the bourse could face serious competition close to home .
Nymex is part of a joint venture planning to open an oil exchange in Dubai .
Growing at breakneck speed , Dubai has worked for years to turn itself into a regional center for trade and finance , since its oil wealth is relatively modest .
The Dubai Mercantile Exchange , scheduled to open in the fourth quarter of this year , will trade in dollars .
A spokesman for the Iranian mission to the United Nations said he had no information on the bourse .
The four families are now reaching out to the American public to help protect themselves against the very company their loved ones served at the time of their deaths , Blackwater Security Consulting .
AlterNet has the outrageous story .
After Blackwater lost a series of appeals all the away to the U.S. Supreme Court , Blackwater has now changed its tactics and is suing the dead men's estates for $ 10 million to silence the families and keep them out of court .
Following these gruesome deaths , which were broadcast on worldwide television , the surviving family members looked to Blackwater for answers as to how and why their loved ones died .
Blackwater not only refused to give the grieving families any information , but also callously stated that they would need to sue Blackwater to get it .
Left with no alternative , in January 2005 , the families filed suit against Blackwater , which is owned by the wealthy and politically connected Erik Prince .
Instantly , the big wigs at Blackwater went to work , strategizing and adapting battlefield tactics for use in the courtroom .
Their first step was to hire Fred F. Fielding , who is currently council to President Bush , and a well known D.C. litigator and fire extinguisher .
Former inspector general of the Pentagon , Joseph E. Schmitz , was next hired as Blackwater ’s in - house council .
And , to complete the posse , Blackwater also brought aboard Kenneth Starr -- infamous independent council in the Bill Clinton / Monica Lewinski scandal – to oppose the families .
But , Blackwater did n’t stop there .
To add additional muscle , they hired Cofer Black , onetime director of the CIA Counter - Terrorism Center .
With their dark side dream - team in place , Blackwater quickly filed its suit against the families ’ estates , and then demanded that its claim and the families ’ existing lawsuit be handled in a private arbitration .
By suing the families in arbitration , Blackwater tried to move examination of their wrongful conduct out of the public ’s view and away from a jury .
Do n’t forget , this end round maneuver comes at the same time Congress is also investigating Blackwater .
Back to the article :
Over 300 contractors have been killed in Iraq with very little inquiry into their deaths .
The families claim that Blackwater is attempting to cover up its incompetence , its cutting of corners in favor of higher profits , and its over billing to the government .
Due to lack of accountability and oversight , Blackwater 's private army has been able to obtain huge profits from the government , utilizing contacts established through Erik Prince 's relationships with high - ranking government officials such as Cofer Black and Joseph Schmitz .
In addition to assembling its litigation troops , Blackwater also stonewalled the families concerning any information about how the men were killed .
Over the past two and a half years , Blackwater has not responded to a single question or produced a single document .
When the families ' attorneys , Callahan & Blaine , obtained a Court Order to take the deposition of a former Blackwater employee with critical information about the incident , Blackwater quickly re-hired him and sent him out of the country .
When the witness returned to the United States more than a year later , the families obtained another Court Order for his deposition .
Blackwater again prevented them from taking his deposition by seeking the assistance of the U.S. Attorney 's Office to block the deposition under the guise that he possibly possessed national secrets .
Following an investigation , the U.S. Army reported that the witness had no secret information and that it had no objection to the deposition .
Even though ostensibly , Blackwater should have taken on a bunker mentality , they did the exact opposite , going on the offensive by suing the families for $ 10 - million .
The families are now backed against the wall , facing the barrel of a gun as Blackwater -- armed with a bottomless war chest and politically connected lawyers – is aggressively litigating against them .
The company has also threatened to hold the administrator of the families ’ estates personally liable in order to scare him into backing off .
Blackwater has also threatened the families ’ personal attorneys .
More from the article :
The families are simply without the financial wherewithal to defend against Blackwater .
By filing suit , Blackwater is trying to wipe out the families ' ability to discover the truth about Blackwater 's involvement in the deaths of these four Americans and to silence them from any public comment .
In February , the families testified before Congress .
However , Blackwater 's lawsuit now seeks to gag the family members from even speaking about the incident or about Blackwater 's involvement in the deaths .
This is a direct attack to their free speech rights under the First Amendment .
" I initially took this case because it was the right thing to do in helping the families find closure by discovering the events surrounding their loved ones deaths , " said Daniel J. Callahan , attorney for the families .
" I have found the evidence concerning Blackwater 's involvement in the deaths to be overwhelming and appalling .
Even more disturbing though is the callous nature in which Blackwater has not only concealed the truth , but also outright sued to force the families to stop pursuing the case and to silence them . "
I reiterate , folks ...
THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS !
Blackwater has spent millions on hiring at least five law firms to fight these everyday American families who are only seeking closure and justice against a company who , besides Halliburton and Exxon - Mobil , have benefited the most from this abominable war - for - profit .
Rather than meeting and addressing what should be one of their most important priorities , i.e. , the safety and well - being of the mothers , wives , and the children left behind , they ’ve chosen to abdicate their responsibilities .
They ’ve already stated that they wo n’t pay out a single dime to assist or console the survivors .
Without help , Blackwater will succeed in avoiding scrutiny for its conduct , escaping accountability for its actions , and silencing the families of the four Americans killed in Fallujah .
A defense fund has been established by which the public is able to donate money to assist the families with litigation costs and expenses .
Donations can be sent to the estates ' trust account , payable to " C&B ITF Blackwater Victims Defense Fund , " c /o Callahan & Blaine , 3 Hutton Centre Drive , Ninth Floor , Santa Ana , California 92707 .
Donations may also be made securely online through PayPal by going to blackwatervictims.com .
All donations will be kept confidential and anonymous .
Defense fund donations
Let ’s shut down these bastards !
Please , folks , I ’ve never asked for " recommends " before ( I do n’t think I have , anyway ) but I ’m asking now .
It ’s late , and it 's important that everyone see this come morning .
Help in any way you can .
Donate if you can .
If you can ’t , come Monday , call or email your Congress critters .
Update w / links : ( Big H/T -- johnny rotten )
On Point News : Case 2:06 - cv-00049 -F Document 13 Filed 04/20/2007 ( PDF )
Courthouse News : NORTH CAROLINA IN THE GENERAL COURT OF JUSTICE
SUPERIOR COURT DIVISION
WAKE COUNTY FILE NO .
_________ ( PDF )
The Nation : Bush 's Shadow Army - Jeremy Scahill
Democracy Now !
Virginia Pilot Online
Star Bulletin.com
Thanks , everyone for putting this diary on the " rec " list .
Hopefully , we can do some good .
Peace
TAKE A TOUR of trawler mudtrails around the world , using Google Earth .
Except when noted , all images are from the Quickbird satellite ( © DigitalGlobe ) .
Click on image to enlarge
TOLEDO -- A drive along U.S. 20 is always full of surprises -- speeding semis , passing cars , wildlife dashing in front of bumpers .
Now add to the list a 60 - foot traffic stopper .
Round a corner and there it is :
The enigmatic smile and dark eyes of Mona Lisa gazing from a country hillside .
" It 's unbelievable , " said Janet Hunter , who stopped to take a picture Wednesday .
" It 's fantastic . "
Local artist Samuel Clemens has been waiting to create a piece of landscape art since he was a child and saw a picture of a farmer who had transformed a field into art using fertilizer to darken the green of the grass .
Four decades later , the time was right .
" I was always going to do the Mona Lisa , " said Clemens , 48 , who describes himself as an artist who pays the bills working construction .
" I did it because the Mona Lisa is the most recognized thing . "
He re-created the Leonardo da Vinci masterpiece on his land about four miles east of Newport by making a stencil on a tarp , then dusting the hillside with black water - based pigment .
It took him 14 hours just to lay out the tarp and another nine to spray the 40 - by - 60 - foot painting .
He finished Saturday .
" Whenever someone makes the effort , you have to stop and appreciate it , " said Becky Stillwell of Albany , who brought her guests from Boston to view the work .
" Otherwise , people stop doing interesting things . "
Clemens has been prepping the 18 - acre site for the work since he bought the former dairy farm eight years ago .
He always knew the 60 - degree slope below his house was the perfect place , but back then , it was one big blackberry - covered mess .
For years he worked to trim the hillside and get grass growing again .
This summer , it was ready .
" I was worried about the detail because the hill is n't smooth , " he said .
" It is n't like a piece of paper .
As it was , I lost a little smile at the corner of her mouth and one of her eyes is in an undulation . "
But he 's satisfied with the finished product .
" It seems to make people happy , " Clemens said .
" As long as everyone is safe when they view it driving by , that 's all I ask .
Enjoy some free art . "
The Mona Lisa will disappear as the grass grows , but Clemens already has plans for 2007 .
We 'll let that be next year 's Highway 20 surprise .
Source - The Oregonian
Further Reading :
Math and the Mona Lisa : The Art and Science of Leonardo da Vinci
It 's taken Robert McDonald four years to build the ship , called Thor , with the help of 5,000 school kids and five million of the recycled sticks .
Now he 's looking for a crew to join him on board as he prepares to set sail to North America .
He said he wanted to build the ship to show kids that anything was possible .
Mr McDonald was in an accident when he was nine years old and told he would be disabled forever , but he said he was determined to show he could still achieve what he wanted to in life .
More than five million lolly sticks have been used to make the ship
He said : " It 's not what the doctor tells you , or the nurse tells you , it 's what you tell yourself .
" I 'm out to show that .
I 'm not disabled , look what I 've done , look what we have done , look what the kids can do .
It 's not only a ship of ice - cream sticks , it 's also the world 's largest recycled object . "
Report : Torture architect feels guilt for Abu Ghraib Michael Roston
Published : Thursday May 10 , 2007 Print This Email
This A journalist who wrote about Abu Ghraib has revealed that a key architect of the secretive interrogation programs that were used against innocent civilian in Iraq has reportedly expressed guilt for his role in the scandal involving the former Iraqi prison , according to a report at the Harpers website .
Tara McKelvey , an editor at The American Prospect , told Harpers ' Ken Silverstein that a top official who helped craft the infamous " torture memo " had expressed sincere regret about what the policy he contributed to resulted in .
" Guys like [ John ] Yoo and Timothy Flanagan , who was deputy White House counsel under Alberto R. Gonzales , discussed techniques like stress positions and sleep deprivation that were approved for high - level Al Qaeda suspects and those techniques were used on Iraqi civilians .
I had a heartfelt conversation with Flanagan and told him what I had heard from Iraqis : that these techniques had been used on men , women and children in Iraq .
He feels bad about it ; I know he does , " McKelvey said .
Still , McKelvey did not let Flanagan off the hook .
" But the fact is that he and Yoo and some of these other people from the best law schools and universities in this country were the ones who came up with the legal definitions that allowed for the abuse to happen , " she added .
McKelvey also argued that Abu Ghraib is only the tip of the iceberg for detainee abuse in Iraq .
" Thousands of detainees have gone through U.S. - run facilities in Iraq , but thousands more anyone held for less than fourteen days were never registered or tracked .
Human - rights reports and interviews I conducted show that some of the worst abuses took place at short - term facilities a police station in Samarra , a school gymnasium , a trailer , and places like that , where individuals were held for up to two weeks , " she noted .
The full interview with McKelvey can be read at the Harpers website .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Click to view
This flight image sequence was allegedly taken during the filming of a Eurofighter Typhoon from a Hercules 130 cargo bay .
Apparently , the director asked the pilot over the radio to come closer and closer and closer , until the pilot got fed up and whizzed right up to the entrance of the Hercules saying : " Would you like it this close ? " [ Thanks Jorge Mozo ]
[ Update : some people are claiming this is a fake .
It 's not .
Sure the plane did n't get inside the cargo bay , but compare the scale of the ramp and the plane in the last image .
While there 's an optical effect , you can see there that the Typhoon got extremely close to the Hercules tail , if only for a few seconds ]
The new generation of bold and outspoken atheists , including Richard Dawkins and Sam Harris , are making waves in society with numerous media appearances , a welcome change of pace from the media ’s previous policy of steadfast refusal to cover freethought and nonbelief .
( Some things are slower to change than others – despite Time Newsweek ‘s praiseworthy coverage of a debate between Sam Harris and Rick Warren , the conversation was a clear example of the “ Gish Gallop ” , where the theist throws out as many rapid - fire assertions as possible knowing the atheist will not have time or space to rebut all of them . )
It is n’t yet possible to tell what long - term effects will result from this bold call for reason .
I have no doubt that Harris , Dawkins and others will win many new deconverts , but the ripple effects of their speech have not yet finished spreading , and the full impact may not be visible for some years .
Nevertheless , it seems clear that some theists are already feeling the heat .
Witness a recent column by John Avant , vice president for evangelization at the Southern Baptist North American Mission Board , titled Our real problem :
I just read one of the great evangelistic books of our day — “ Letters to a Christian Nation ” by Sam Harris .
It is an evangelistic masterpiece .
Harris has invested years of his life preparing to write this book .
He is so passionate about sharing his faith with others that he took the time to write a defense of his faith and publish it for the whole world to read .
They are reading it , and it is becoming a national best - seller .
Harris is bold .
He realizes that everyone is open to talk about faith these days , and so while most of us stay silent , he speaks loudly and clearly to all of the importance of his faith , which he says is intellectually defensible and exclusive .
… I admire Sam Harris .
I know that may shock you , but how can you not appreciate the passion he has ? …
This is the second passionate book written by an atheist that I have read recently .
I am beginning to wonder if atheists are becoming more serious about their faith that leads to nothing than Christians are about their faith that leads to everything .
And while Harris is spreading the good news of atheism with fire and passion , Avant worries that Christianity is losing ground :
… We are not reaching truly unreached people , and most of our churches look more like religious clubs for their members rather than mission forces for Christ ’s kingdom .
A study by New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary ’s Leavell Center for Evangelism and Church Health showed that only 11 percent of SBC churches are healthy and growing …
Too many churches reach few if any people other than their own children or those from other churches .
Meanwhile , from 1991 - 2004 the number of unchurched adults in America rose from 39 million to 79 million .
And we are doing worse with young people , with 39 percent of Southern Baptist churches in 2005 reporting baptizing no teens .
Granted ,
Avant throws in the obligatory attacks on atheism , claiming that “ If I really believed what he believed , I would be in despair .
I would be living every moment in emptiness and maybe even terror ” .
He steadfastly ignores the obvious fact that Harris and other atheists do not feel that way , implying that he is mistaken in his understanding of what atheism entails – like the hypothetical scientist who boasts he has mathematically proven that bees cannot fly .
Nevertheless , the evidence suggests that Avant is right to be worried .
Consider the following Pew poll , which shows a measurable decline in overall American religious devotion .
Even better , the survey concludes that “ this change appears to be generational in nature , with each new generation displaying lower levels of religious commitment than the preceding one . ”
In particular , the generation born since 1977 ( my generation – I ’m happy to do my part ! ) has almost four times as many atheists as those born before 1945 :
As the polls suggest , this shift has been going on more or less invisibly for some time .
Sam Harris and people like him are probably more a symptom of this social change than they are a cause of it .
But social changes can be self - catalyzing , with a group ’s increasing numbers giving rise to forceful spokespeople and increased political organization that further accelerate its growth .
( Notice , too , how many Gen - X and Gen - Y families are abandoning church in favor of more meaningful family and social activities . )
I have one more poll to report on : a Newsweek poll finding that the country is still overwhelmingly Christian , to no one ’s surprise .
Nevertheless , there is one fact that caught my eye :
The poll further found that 47 percent of respondents felt the country is more accepting of atheists today than before and 49 percent said they personally know an atheist .
It is hard not to notice that the latter figure is almost exactly the same as the proportion of people who say they would vote for an atheist candidate for president .
And like the earlier figure , this one too is generational , with younger generations reporting significantly higher percentages who know and accept atheists than older age groups .
All this suggests that , in order to grow our ranks and become more accepted , the most important thing we need to do is to simply speak out and make people around us aware of our existence .
This should be music to any atheist ’s ears !
What could be the cause of this explosive growth ?
One likely factor cited by one of the earlier polls is the increasing education of the post - war generations .
Surveys have consistently found that the more educated a person is , the less likely they are to hold religious beliefs , especially fundamentalist or literalist beliefs .
In addition , I think another important factor is that atheism has nowhere to go but up .
Christianity has literally reached saturation point in our society ; it has nowhere left to spread to .
It is so pervasive that a great number of people are nominally Christian not because they truly believe the religion or know a great deal about it , but because it is the cultural and social default .
As a result , there are many frustrated freethinkers who have been brought up within the Christian tradition but are dissatisfied with it and want a better alternative .
These people are the “ low - hanging fruit ” , the ones we can easily win over if we just make them aware of our existence and our mission .
Until recently atheism lacked an effective voice in society and the media , and these people were not reached .
Now we are beginning to reach them .
Who knows how many more potential Sam Harrises and Richard Dawkinses there may still be – people who could become passionate and effective advocates for atheism , if only we can bring the spark to kindle their latent disbelief into a full - blown flame of enthusiasm for rationality and mental freedom ?
AFRICA is where researchers go to carry out exotic fieldwork — at least , that is a common presumption in rich countries .
It is a useful place for studying elephant behaviour and discovering early hominid remains ; then the scientists return home , write papers and enjoy the kudos of getting them published in oft - cited journals .
This , however , is only part of the picture .
Nigeria , for instance , has about 40 % of the world 's sickle - cell - anaemia patients .
Last July , a drug company called Xechem Nigeria started selling a new medicine for the disorder .
This medicine , Nicosan , had been developed by the country 's pharmaceutical research institute .
And , at a more esoteric level , the Southern African Large Telescope , located in South Africa 's semi-desert Karoo region , is the joint - biggest such instrument in the world .
Despite these successes , many African scientists feel neglected by their politicians who , they suspect , do not understand that geeks as well as businessmen are crucial to economic development .
That , however , might be about to change .
For the first time , the theme of the twice - yearly African Union Summit ( held on this occasion in Addis Ababa ) was science , technology and climate change .
Although not everything went to plan ( “ I have a crisis meeting with ministers to discuss how they got beaten by soccer on the agenda , ” read one speaker 's BlackBerry message to The Economist ) such a high - level discussion of the role that science can play in Africa 's development was long overdue .
Though the summit 's conclusions were limited ( many decisions were put off until a re-match next month ) , that Africa 's politicians are taking any notice at all of their continent 's science is encouraging .
It is , of course , possible to free - ride on the science and technology of others .
But in Africa , as elsewhere , no one knows better than the locals exactly what technology needs to be created , and no one has a greater incentive to create it .
Nor need such technology be of the unsophisticated kind often badged as “ appropriate ” by well - meaning outsiders .
Appropriate technology can be very sophisticated indeed .
Brothers in arms
The African Laser Centre , for example , is that most trendy of things , a virtual organisation .
This means it can draw on talent from different countries without requiring people to move .
One of its first projects is to design a laser - based gadget that can diagnose the condition of crops .
For this project , the collaborators are a Ghanaian , Paul Buah - Bassuah , who works at the University of Cape Coast , and a South African , Hubertus von Bergmann , of the University of Stellenbosch .
Chlorophyll , the molecule that is at the heart of the process of photosynthesis , absorbs the short and long wavelengths of visible light ( blue and red ) , and reflects the stuff in the middle ( green ) .
It is the absorbed wavelengths that are used for photosynthesis , so measuring the efficiency of that absorption gives an indication of a plant 's health .
The device devised by Dr Buah - Bassuah and Dr von Bergmann contains a laser that produces blue light of the wavelength preferred by chlorophyll .
In a healthy plant the energy from this light will , once it has been taken in by a chlorophyll molecule , be passed on to other molecules and used to make sugar .
In a plant that is stressed by lack of water or nutrients , however , such a transfer of energy is harder to effect , and if the chlorophyll cannot pass its energy on , it simply re-radiates it — a process known as fluorescence .
When the laser in the device is shone onto a leaf or fruit through a fibre - optic cable , the light excites chlorophyll molecules inside the cells .
Any fluorescent re-emissions travel back along the optical fibre to a detector that analyses both the amount and the nature of the fluorescence .
According to Dr von Bergmann , the amount of re-emitted light can vary by as much as 80 % between a healthy and an unhealthy plant .
The nature of the fluorescence is also important .
The re-emitted light is not blue .
Instead , it is a mixture of red and infra-red .
The more infra-red light the mixture contains , the fewer functioning chlorophyll molecules there are in the leaf or fruit being examined .
Laser laboratories , virtual or otherwise , are still a rarity in Africa .
The continent , however , does produce some of the world 's top veterinary livestock research .
From the perspective of poor farmers , animal diseases can be placed into three categories .
Some , such as Newcastle disease , for which H5N1 flu was first mistaken in Nigeria , reduce their assets by killing livestock .
Others pose limits to their productivity .
East Coast Fever , for instance , hits non-indigenous but meaty breeds of cattle harder than the scrawny , local zebu .
That puts cattle farmers in the east and south of the continent , where the disease is endemic , on the horns of a dilemma when they choose which breeds to ranch .
It is the third category of disease , though , that is most economically devastating .
This is the sort that shuts down farmers ' access to their markets because the buyers are afraid of it spreading .
Rift - valley fever falls in this third category .
For centuries , nomadic herders in areas now under the control of Djibouti , Eritrea , Ethiopia , Somalia and Sudan sold sheep and goats to customers across the Red Sea for sacrifice during the haj pilgrimage to Mecca .
Until nine years ago , this trade involved millions of animals .
But then , a massive outbreak of rift - valley fever led Saudi Arabia to impose a trade ban , and to buy more expensive Australian livestock instead .
Some scientists , such as Assaf Anyamba , from Kenya , are trying to tackle the problem by using satellite images to forecast how much rain will fall in various parts of the Horn of Africa .
Eggs of the mosquito that transmits rift - valley fever must dry out and become wet once more if they are to develop into adults , so an accurate forecast of periodic flooding is the key to predicting where the disease will break out .
That might help herders avoid those areas .
But a vaccine would be better .
This is what Felicity Burt , of the University of the Free State , in Bloemfontein , South Africa , is trying to create .
She has taken a virus called sindbis , which does not cause serious symptoms , and swapped the genes that code for its protein shell with a selection of those that do the same job for the rift - valley - fever virus .
When her vaccine is injected into an animal , it causes the production of rift - valley viral proteins without the associated fever .
The immune system can then learn to recognise those proteins , so that it can react rapidly if it encounters real rift - valley viruses .
So far , the vaccine seems to work well in mice — protecting them against infection .
Whether it protects sheep has not yet been tested , although it certainly causes them to produce the appropriate antibodies .
Unfortunately , that needs two inoculations , and an ideal vaccine would need only one .
Nomadic herders , by definition , are rarely found in the same place twice , so tracking them down to give their animals a booster shot is difficult .
One way to create a single - shot inoculation might be to insert extra or altered promoter elements –which switch genes on and off — into the sindbis virus 's genetic material .
That should increase the amount of rift - valley proteins made in an infected cell .
Such genetic modification is also finding a place in African crop science .
Jennifer Thompson and Edward Rybicki , of the University of Cape Town , have developed a variety of maize that is resistant to maize - streak virus , another insect - borne disease ( the culprits here are leaf - hoppers ) .
Maize is not native to Africa , even though it now , for instance , occupies 90 % of the cultivated land in Malawi .
But since its arrival from the Americas in the early 1500s , a virus found in local grasses has evolved a way to attack it .
In bad years , such as 2006 , maize - streak virus can wipe out entire harvests .
Plant breeders have tried for a quarter of a century to develop crops that are immune to the disease by crossing maize with partially resistant native grasses .
Unfortunately , they have met little success .
The pattern by which resistance genes are inherited has proved elusive .
Dr Thompson and Dr Rybicki's trick was to insert a modified viral gene into the maize .
This gene encodes a mutated version of one of the proteins that the virus needs to copy itself .
When expressed at high levels in a plant infected with maize - streak virus , the modified protein outcompetes the normal version , throwing a spanner into the works of viral assembly .
That has been demonstrated in greenhouses , at least , by Panner Seeds , a seed supplier in Greytown , South Africa .
And the trait has successfully passed itself down four generations of crop .
If further crosses go well , field trials will take place later this year .
Those would be the first such trials of a genetically modified crop in Africa , and if successful , this maize would be the first genetically modified crop created in a developing country — the first , it is to be hoped , of many .
The Associated Press
Cubs manager David Ross had to remind himself Monday night that Chicago was still two days away from opening a best - of - three wild - card series against the Miami Marlins .
Game 1 is Wednesday at Wrigley Field , and Ross can't wait .
The Cubs won the NL Central at 34 - 26 in Ross ' first season , reaching the playoffs for the fifth time in six years .
Sorry , Blockbuster , Brazil loves P2P too
Remember that photo of a P2P graffiti piece on the window of a Spanish Blockbuster ?
I found the picture last October of Flickr and the published it on this blog .
Torrentfreak , Waxy and quite a few other blogs picked up on it , and eventually the photo even found its way into a Spanish newspaper Turns out that is n't the end of the story .
A few days ago I found this picture on Flickr : Apparently people in Brazil love P2P more than Blockbuster as well .
And maybe , just maybe the inspiration for this particular graffitti piece is connected to a certain blog posting back in October ...
R6RS Ratification
This page describes the history of the ratification process for R6RS .
The procedure is described here .
Discussion of this procedure took place on the ratification-discuss@r6rs.org mailing list .
Discussion of the ratification procedure is now closed .
Voter registration ended at 20:00 GMT on July 15 .
The final listing of the R6RS electorate is available here .
Voting ended at 10:00 GMT on August 13 .
The final results are now available here .
Ratification Results
According to the Scheme Charter , at the end of the review process , the Steering Committee could choose either to finalize the submitted draft or to restart the review process .
In order to be sure that the new revised Scheme standard enjoyed wide support among the Scheme community , the Steering Committee adopted a procedure in which there would be a vote on the question of whether the draft should be ratified , and they agreed to be bound by the results of that vote .
112 people registered to vote on the question .
102 of those electors cast their ballots before the poll closed on 12 August 2007 .
67 electors voted to ratify draft 5.97 as R6RS. 35 electors were opposed to ratification .
Thus 65.7 % of those who voted , voted in favor of ratification .
This is more than the 60 % required for ratification .
The Steering Committee therefore ratifies the draft numbered 5.97 as the official " Revised6 Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme " .
The Editors are directed to prepare the final text of the document , correcting only minor errata .
The final record of the ratification vote can be found at http://www.r6rs.org/ratification/results.html.
( Additional correspondence received after the poll closed will be published separately . )
Adoption Candidate
The R5.97RS draft of the main report , library report , and nonnormative appendices comprise the editors ' official R6RS adoption candidate .
The rationale document is still in preliminary form and should not be considered a part of the adoption candidate .
Regardless of the outcome of ratification , typos , minor inconsistencies , and other similar errors reported to the editors will be fixed before the report becomes final .
Currently known errors are recorded on the errata page .
The draft is available in four parts , listed below .
See the /versions / CHANGES document for a revision history .
Lameness Disclaimer :
All this is written to the best of my knowledge .
Corrections , additions etc. are certainly welcome .
Optimized Hashing in Mac OS X
This articles starts with an intro about hashing for the budding coder .
Seasoned veterans amble down to " Unfortunately on Mac OS X , it 's not so simple "
You can download my test cases .
Since these are projects made with ProjectBuilderWO you will have to import it into XCode , if you do n't have ProjectBuilderWO installed .
You can install ProjectBuilderWO from the older developer CDs as a custom install option or from the new developer CD as an optional package in the packages folder if you run on pre-Panther Mac OS X .
- ( unsigned int ) hash
NSObject
NSObject
- hash
hash
Every instance ofor any of its subclasses ( or more exact , every class that implements theprotocol ) responds to the message .
To really drive this home , 99 % of all classes respond to
One usage of the number returned by hash is as a shortcut for the isEqual : message .
If a comparison between two objects yields YES then also both their hash values are equal .
The other way around is not true though , two disequal objects may very well by chance return the same hash value .
This means that comparing hash values is no substitute for true equality tests .
But it may very well be used as a quick test to ensure that two objects are NOT equal .
You would code it like this in a loop for example :
// // example code , looking though an array counting // the number of occurrences of " object " in it // - ( unsigned int ) countOccurrencesOfObject :( id ) object inArray : ( NSArray *) array { unsigned int count ; unsigned int hash ; unsigned int i , n ; id p ; count = 0 ; hash = [ object hash ] ; n = [ array count ] ; for ( i = 0 ; i < n ; i++ ) { p = [ array objectAtIndex :i ] ; if ( [ p hash ] == hash ) if ( [ p is Equal : object ] ) ++ count ; } return ( count ) ; }
If computing the hash value of an object is likely to be much faster then comparing two objects with isEqual : then this is likely to be faster than the equivalent code with out the hash comparison .
But the hash is usually used in a much more clever way , and that 's where NSDictionary , NSSets and friends come into play .
Instead of sequentially comparing all objects with the hash value , a portion or all of the hash value is used as an index to most likely candidates .
Here is an excerpt of a hypothetical class implementing a simple dictionary :
@interface SimpleDictionary : ... { NSMutableArray * keyBuckets ; NSMutableArray * objectBuckets ; } ... - ( void ) setObject :( id ) anObject forKey :( id ) aKey { NSArray * keyBucket ; NSArray * objectBucket ; unsigned int bucket Idx ; //
Get buckets using the key 's // hash value ( non-optimally as we will soon // see ) bucket Idx = [ aKey hash ] % [ keyBuckets count ] ; keyBucket = [ keyBuckets objectAtIndex:bucketIdx ] ; objectBucket = [ objectBuckets objectAtIndex:bucketIdx ] ; // Now add the key and object to their buckets .
//
They will end up at the same position in // each array .
[ keyBucket addObject:anObject ] ; [ objectBucket addObject:anObject ] ; } - ( id ) objectForKey :( id ) aKey { NSArray * keyBucket ; NSArray * objectBucket ; unsigned int bucket Idx ; unsigned int i , n ; //
Get buckets using the key 's hash value bucket Idx = [ aKey hash ] % [ keyBuckets count ] ; keyBucket = [ keyBuckets objectAtIndex:bucketIdx ] ; objectBucket = [ objectBuckets objectAtIndex:bucketIdx ] ; // Search for key in its bucket n = [ keyBucket count ] ; for ( i = 0 ; i < n ; i++) { if ( [ [ key Bucket objectAtIndex:i ] is Equal : aKey ] ) break ; } //
If i equals n we did n't find the key // and must return nil if ( i == n ) return ( nil ) ; //
Otherwise i is the position of the key and the // object in it 's respective buckets .
//
Return the object return ( [ objectBucket objectAtIndex :i ] ) ; }
This class maintains two arrays of buckets , one for the keys and one for the objects .
Each bucket is an NSArray that contains keys or objects .
The graphic shows a very small dictionary where only two buckets are used each for key and object storage .
The key and corresponding object are stored at the same index in their buckets .
The hash is now used to preselect the bucket to insert or search .
This will make searching much faster because only a small portion of all keys must be searched .
It is clear that the number of buckets should grow proportionally with the number of objects kept in the dictionary so that performance does not degrade .
Good hash , bad hash
What happens if the hash method is bad , and for example by programmers error the hash method always returns 0 ?
All objects now reside in a single bucket .
That would mean that the loop has always to go through the equality check and that it always has to perform the ( now useless ) hash call .
In the end that would be slower than just testing for equality with isEqual : .
Here is the charted output of a small demo program , that shows how a really bad hash ( X=0 ) is actually worse than no hash ( X = - 1 ) .
Any halfassed hash ( X=2 ) is already very helpful , and things get better as the hash gets better ( X=32 ) .
The demo program creates a number of random strings of equal size with a very restricted character set ( a and b ) .
The mutable pitfall s = [ NSMutableString stringWithString : @ " A " ] ; set = [ NSMutableSet set ] ; [ set add Object :s ] ; [ s appendString : @ " B " ] ; [ set add Object :s ] ; NSLog ( @ " A : %@ " , [ set contains Object : @ " A " ] ) ; NSLog ( @ " AB : %@ " , [ set contains Object : @" AB " ] ) ; this code will crash at the second containsObject : call ( on 10.2 ) .
An interesting problem is the addition of mutable instances to a collection .
As the hash is often based on the contents of the object , changing the contents and therefore the hash of a mutable object , while it is a member of a hashing collection will lead to problems : this code will crash at the second containsObject : call ( on 10.2 ) .
Now you know the reason , why NSDictionary does not retain it 's keys but copy ies them .
The hash X=2 has four possible hash values , the X=32 hash uses the full unsigned int range .
It is therefore important that a hash function has the following properties
it must be fast , very fast .
the value returned for an instance , should be different from other objects , that are not " equal " to the instance .
If this would violate the " speed " requirement the hash function should try to minimize the likelyhood of disequal objects with the same hash value .
[ Example hashvaluetest ]
Unfortunately on Mac OS X , it 's not so simple
NSDictionary
NSSet
NSHashTable
NSMapTable
CFDictionary
Hash values are used in many places inand .
Most notably of course the , where the hash is used to quickly search for the key of a dictionary for the subsequent lookup of its associated value .
Then there is also the , the , the , theand probably a bunch of other facilities that serve as collections , lookup tables etc .
During the development of CoreFoundation , which is now the real brains behind most of Foundation , hashing and its usage were apparently not very well thought through .
As becomes apparent in the following example .
Assume that we build a class , where every object is disequal from the other .
An easy way ( not the best , but certainly a perfectly valid way ) of doing this is to store a unique number during init as an instance variable , like this :
- ( unsigned int ) _hash1 { static unsigned int counter ; ++ counter ; return ( counter ) ; } - ( id ) init { [ super init ] ; hash = [ self _hash1 ] ; return ( self ) ; } - ( unsigned int ) hash { return ( hash ) ; }
Another perfectly valid way ( without the benefit of hindsight ) would be to generate the hash like this :
- ( unsigned int ) _has h2 { static unsigned int counter ; ++ counter ; return ( ( ( counter >> 24 ) & 0xFF ) | ( ( counter >> 16 ) & 0xFF ) << 8 | ( ( counter >> 8 ) & 0xFF ) << 16 | ( ( counter ) & 0xFF ) << 24 ) ; } which reverses the byte order in the hash value .
Both methods create unique unsigned int number , that should be equally serviceable as hash values .
Alas it is not so !
( This is true for Mac OS X versions 10.0 till 10.2 ) .
Running a test program that inserts 5000 objects into a NSHashTable the runtime for using _hash1 is 0.03s , the runtime for _hash2 is 7.4s .
That 's 250 times slower !
It is very apparent that CoreFoundation favors the lower bit positions over the higher bit positions , or rather the higher bit positions are n't even used at all .
Presumably the code to select a hash bucket is just the same as was used in the little example dictionary above .
A look into the relevant CFDictionary code reveals , that indeed - as feared - only the lower bits are used to index the bucket :
Two ways to fix such an " issue " .
// // enter number of bits to fold hash // code into // static unsigned int fold ( unsigned int hash , unsigned int bits ) { # if PEDANTIC int n ; unsigned int result ; unsigned int mask ; result = hash ; if ( bits ) { mask = ( 1UL << bits ) - 1 ; n = 32 ; do { hash >>= bits ; result ^= hash & mask ; n -= bits ; } while ( n >= 0 ) ; } return ( result ) ; #else // heuristic , very likely none worse return ( ( hash >> 24 ) ^ ( hash >> 12 ) ^ hash ) ; #endif }
The superior alternative is to only use a prime number of hash buckets and to calculate the index thusly : return ( hash % n_buckets ) ;
The prime modulo guarantees that all hash bits are used in the index computation .
The superior alternative is to only use a prime number of hash buckets and to calculate the index thusly :
The prime modulo guarantees that all hash bits are used in the index computation .
static CFIndex __CFDictionaryFindBuckets1a( CFDictionaryRef dict , const void * key ) { CFHashCode keyHash = ( CFHashCode ) key ; const void ** keys = dict -> _keys ; uint32_t mask = dict->_bucketsNum - 1 ; uintptr_t marker = dict -> _marker ; CFIndex probe = keyHash & mask ; CFIndex probeskip = (( keyHash << 1 ) + 1 ) & mask ; CFIndex start = probe ; for ( ; ; ) { uintptr_t currKey = ( uintptr_t ) keys [ probe ] ; if ( marker == currKey ) { /* empty */ return kCFNotFound ; } else if ( ~ marker == currKey ) { /* deleted */ /* do nothing */ } else if ( currKey == ( uintptr_t ) key ) { return probe ; } probe = ( probe + probeskip ) & mask ; if ( start == probe ) return kCFNotFound ; } }
So , for now a hash function should also obey the following rule
The randomness or entropy of the lowest bits should be maximized .
Avoid creating hash values that differ only or mostly in the upper bits .
The _hash1 method is in this respect perfect , because entropy is guaranteed to be hightest in the lower bits .
A better NSObject hash ?
A better CFHash ?
Disassembling NSObject hash method we find that the address of the object is used as its hash value :
rlwinm r3,r3,30,2,31 blr
which retranslates back to
- ( unsigned int ) hash { return ( ( unsigned int ) self >>
2 ) ; }
That 's a good idea , because isEqual : on NSObject tests for adress equality .
This obviates the need to call isEqual : in all cases , when hash values are compared before .
Also there will be perfect disequality of hash values between different objects , since no two objects share the same memory .
The entropy of the lower bits is pretty good ( but not without optimization possibilities ) as objects are typically allocated close to each other in memory .
This can be seen in a random sample run of code that did 16 objects allocations outputting their memory addresses :
4f600 4f520 4fc20 4f580
51040 5bb40 5bb50 5bb60
5bb70 5bb80 5bb90 5bba0
5bbb0 5bbc0 5bbd0 5bbe0
The reason for the shift
-[ NSObject hash ]
isa
The author of themethod was undoubtedly aware that objects need to be at least 4 byte aligned on the PPC ( because of the leadingpointer ) .
Therefore any object by that reasoning will have the lower two bits cleared .
Given an inclination towards preferable entropy in the lower bits , this makes for a better hash value .
Since objects are - in general - allocated with malloc , and malloc in Mac OS X guarantees 16 byte alignment on the PPC the shift count should actually be 4 nowadays ( compare this with the example allocations output above )
- ( unsigned int ) hash { return ( ( unsigned int ) self >>
4 ) ; }
Running a little test case , this shows the following improvement : 0.9 s over 1.4 s with stock -[ NSObject hash ] .
A very interesting experiment is to not do any shifting at all .
With that the speed drops down 3.7s !
The bad touch
CFHash
Now lets have a peek intoto see the code for
CFHashCode CFHash ( CFTypeRef cf ) { # if defined ( DEBUG ) if ( NULL == cf ) HALT ; #endif CFTYPE_OBJC_FUNCDISPATCH0( CFHashCode , cf , " hash " ) ; __CFGenericAssertIsCF( cf ) ; if ( NULL != __CFRuntimeClassTable[__CFGenericTypeID( cf ) ] -> hash ) { return __CFRuntimeClassTable[__CFGenericTypeID( cf ) ] -> hash ( cf ) ; } return ( CFHashCode ) cf ; }
As you notice , there is no shifting performed whatsoever .
CoreFoundation objects that do not implement their own hash function , therefore will suffer .
For those objects , the performance on dictionary operations is only 25 % of what it could be .
Fortunately most CFRuntimeClass es , the CoreFoundation equivalent of the Objective - C classes , do implement their own hash functions ( 1 )
CFHash 's implementation should be of concern to you , if you implement your own class based on CFRuntimeClass - outside of the NSObject hierarchy .
If you subclass from NSObject though , you will inherit NSObject 's hash method .
A further ( academic ) step
hash
The implementation ofthat shifts the address value is suboptimal , because the shift zeroes top bits .
Every shift operation therefore destroys a little the uniqueness of the hash value .
It is more appropriate to code the hash function as a rotation instead of a shift as :
- ( unsigned int ) hash { return ( ( ( unsigned int ) self >>
4 ) | ( unsigned int ) self << ( 32 - 4 ) ) ; }
This code is the best of both worlds , increased entropy in the lower bits and full use of all address bits .
( This exercise is largely academic , because due to the expected 16 byte alignment of the memory block only zero bits will be rotated up . )
I was very pleasantly surprised to see , that the gcc compiler was able to compile this ( with - O3 ) into the optimal machine code :
rotlwi r3,r3,28 blr
Put it in a category on NSObject , and get a little Cocoa speedup for free !
It remains to be seen if this does anything for overall speed .
Please let me know .
[ Example nsobjecthashtest ]
Some Foundation hash implementations discussed
isEqual :
NSString / CFString / NSURL
Lets look at the hash implementations of a few selected but often used and usually numerously instantiated Foundation classes .
As these are all class clusters , avoid the temptation of optimizing their hash method .
Each subclasses ' hash needs to stay return value compatible ( for ) with all other subclasses of the same class cluster .
The implementations are those of Mac OS X 10.3 .
The hash is abasically the byte values are shifted and added to the string length .
This is a sensible hash for many computer language and natural language strings .
NSURL uses the same hash as NSString .
This is a very bad choice .
As the first eight and last eight characters of URLs are likely to be very similiar if not identical , as in these not too contrived examples :
http://w ww.mulle-kybernetik.com/in dex.html
ww.mulle-kybernetik.com /in
http://w ww.google.de/in dex.html
ww.google.de/in ftp://ft p.apple.com/pub/share/Reso urce.tgz
p.apple.com/pub/share/Reso ftp://ftp.mulle-kybernetik.com/pub/software/MulleEOInterface/MulleEOInterface.source.tgz
NSDictionary
NSNumber / CFNumber
Consequently storing a few thousand URLs in ancan already lead to performance problems .
The hash for integer is .
For doubles the ( e.g. 0.5 * 0xFFFFFFFF )
Sounds good .
NSData/CFData
The hash is the
ELF is n't bad , but the implementation could be better ( 1 ) .
In certain cases where much is known about the to - be - expected data , a self - written data class can be fruitful .
Especially if the first 16 bytes are known to not vary much .
NSDate/ CFDate/NSCalendarDate
floor ( [ self timeIntervalSinceReferenceDate ] )
The hash used is
This gives a value in seconds .
Pretty much perfect for a hash value .
NSDictionary / CFDictionary
[ self count ]
The hash implementation is
It 's not a good idea to put a lot of equal sized dictionaries into NSSet s.
An optimization that readily comes to mind , would be to use a " primary key " .
To create a subclass of NSDictionary and write hash like this :
- ( unsigned int ) hash { return ( [ [ self objectForKey : @" key " ] hash ] ) ; }
NSDictionary
NSDictionary
hash
hash
You might try to put this code into a category on NSDictionary .
This would work properly only , if no NSDictionary subclasses implement their own hash methods .
If that is the case , it is still likely to be dependent on the Foundation version and therefore dangerous .
The most robust but also most expensive solution appears to be a wrapper class , subclassed from NSObject , where you store a NSDictionary as an instance variable .
NSArray / CFArray
[ self count ]
The implementation is
It 's not a good idea to put lots of equal sized NSArray s into a NSSet , as the hash will always the same .
Wrap Up ( The Executive Version )
With Mac OS
X in it 's current state it is double - and triple important to check your hash method .
Keep entropy ( randomness , distribution ) high in the lowest and lower bits .
Put a category on NSObject to override hash and enjoy faster performance on all NSObject derived classes , that do not implement their own isEqual : .
If you need a good hash , but computing it is expensive , consider using an instance variable to cache it there .
Do not add mutable objects to hashing collections .
(1) As of 10.2 the CoreFoundation classes not implementing hash are : CFUserNotification , CFNull , CFAllocator , CFTree , CFBoolean , CFXMLParser , CFBundle , CFPlugInInstance , CFRunLoop , CFSocket .
If you want to discuss this articles , please do so in this thread in the Mulle kybernetiK Optimization Forum
A little bonus anecdote for the thorough reader , that also reads the footnotes .
The hash function of CFData uses the ELF hash algorithm .
That algorithm is unfortunately not implemented in a way that is beneficial to the PPC architecture .
Also the algorithm itself has a bug , because the upper nybble of the returned hash value is needlessly always zeroed .
Here is a modified ELF hash code , that 's 30 % faster on my Cube with gcc - O3 : and preserves the upper nybble :
# define MULLE_ELF_STEP (
B ) \ do \ { \ H = ( H << 4 ) + B ; \ H ^= ( H >> 24 ) & 0xF0 ; \ } \ while ( 0 ) // original ELF_STEP // #define ELF_STEP( B ) T1 = ( H << 4 ) + B ; T2 = T1 & 0xF0000000 ; if ( T2 ) T1 ^= ( T2 >> 24 ) ; T1 &= ( ~ T2 ) ; H = T1 unsigned int mulle_elf_hash ( unsigned char * bytes , unsigned int length ) { unsigned int H = 0 ; int rem = length ; while ( 3 < rem ) { MULLE_ELF_STEP ( bytes [ length - rem ] ) ; MULLE_ELF_STEP ( bytes [ length - rem + 1 ] ) ; MULLE_ELF_STEP ( bytes [ length - rem + 2 ] ) ; MULLE_ELF_STEP ( bytes [ length - rem + 3 ] ) ; rem -= 4 ; } switch ( rem ) { case 3 : MULLE_ELF_STEP ( bytes [ length - 3 ] ) ; case 2 : MULLE_ELF_STEP( bytes [ length - 2 ] ) ; case 1 : MULLE_ELF_STEP ( bytes [ length - 1 ] ) ; case 0 : ; } return H ; } #undef ELF_STEP
Posted by tadelste on Jan 12 , 2006 4:33 PM EDT
LXer ; By Tom Adelstein Mail this story
Print this story
Recently , we witnessed the power of Microsoft 's political machine when one of the champions of free and open source software , Peter Quinn resigned as CIO of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
In my opinion , Microsoft just blinked and everything went south .
Other writers have also commented on the chain of events in Massachusetts .
For example , Andy Undegrove writes a farewell piece in his blog to the maligned public servant .
Steven J. Vaughan - Nichols also writes an article about this issue in Microsoft Wins , Open Standards Lose .
Steven writes : " CIO Peter Quinn 's story tells us that if you go up against Microsoft , you can expect everything and the kitchen sink to be thrown at you . "
Well Steven , as much respect and admiration as I have for you , Microsoft did n't even breathe hard .
They looked in the direction of bean town and people started doing their bidding .
That 's what happens when you own a country .
One of the top stories of the year at LXer warned mightily of Microsoft 's capabilities .
So , I brought it back out and rewrote it .
It you do n't get it this time , you never will .
Anyone doubting the power of Microsoft , should consider what we said at the end of June 2005 .
We 've also added the preceding article to this text - and made some changes .
But the documents we uncovered are still in place .
The people within Microsoft 's grasp politically are still listed .
This is n't a story you scan .
This is one you read .
The liberty of a democracy is not safe if the people tolerate the growth of private power to a point where it becomes stronger than their democratic State itself .
That in its essence , is Fascism - ownership of government by an individual , by a group or by any controlling private power .
In a letter to the Department of Justice addressing Microsoft 's Proposed Final Judgment in their anti-trust case , a well - known consumer advocate wrote :
" The agreement should require that this information ( interoperability ) be as freely available as possible , with a high burden on Microsoft to justify secrecy .
Indeed , there is ample evidence that Microsoft is focused on strategies to cripple the free software movement , which it publicly considers an important competitive threat .
This is particularly true for software developed under the GNU Public License ( GPL ) , which is used in GNU / Linux , the most important rival to Microsoft in the server market . "
( 1 )
In the same letter he writes , " One of Microsoft 's high - level executives says ( published ) that freely distributed software code such as Linux could stifle innovation and that legislators need to understand the threat . "
Little doubt exists that Microsoft has reached legislators .
In an earlier article added to this one below , we discussed how a dispute in the House Ethics Committee has kept the members from meeting and considering House Majority Leader Tom DeLay 's activities that could have ramifications for Microsoft .
In making legislators aware of many issues , the Redmond company 's financial reach may be part of why the committee has delayed their investigation .
Perhaps everyone involved hopes that a delay will allow the heat to pass on this and other issues .
A dispute that has kept the House Ethics Committee from considering Majority Leader Tom DeLay 's activities may have ramifications for Microsoft .
When one begins to untangle the remarkable political organization created by Microsoft and lobbyists Preston , Gates Ellis et al , you find some uncanny coincidences .
The text from the earlier article appeared in the blockquote below :
The ethics committee , the House 's mechanism for enforcing rules for members , has operated for exactly one day since Congress convened in January .
In the meanwhile , a former Preston , Gates and Ellis lobbyist , Jack Abramoff has become the target of several serious investigations and the focus of the D.C. media .
Abramoff left Preston Gates in 2000 .
Even so , he 's a problem for the firm 's management .
Reports have surfaced questioning Abramoff 's financing of travel for lawmakers , especially House Majority Leader Tom DeLay ( R - Texas ) .
All of the spending under investigation happened while Abramoff worked at Preston Gates .
The Washington Post reported that airfare to London and Scotland in 2000 for House Majority Whip Tom DeLay ( R - Tex . ) was charged to an American Express card issued to Jack Abramoff .
House ethics rules bar lawmakers from accepting travel and related expenses from registered lobbyists .
How Does This Affect Microsoft
Many people believe that Microsoft helped construct Preston , Gates & Ellis as an alter ego for the Business Software Alliance .
The firm of William H. Gates Sr. , father of Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates , merged with Preston in 1990 .
The later old line Seattle firm started when Harold Preston located in Seattle from Iowa in 1883 and began practicing law .
Jim Ellis joined Preston in 1949 .
By getting William Gates Sr. together with Preston , Microsoft suddenly had an organization that looked like a law firm and not the legal department of Microsoft .
The Seattle firm also had a small office in Washington , D.C. which helped Microsoft and the Business Software Alliance reach out and affect government policy .
But , Preston , Gates & Ellis needed to show some lobbying fees and clients other than Microsoft and the BSA .
Adding Abramoff did just that .
Additionally , he had his own clients and did not have to work on any Microsoft or BSA business .
Bad Choice
Adding Abramoff accomplished the goal of diversifying Preston , Gates & Ellis revenue and client base .
But , Jack Abramoff did n't fit the culture .
While most lobbyists seem happy with a six figure salary , Jack made millions annually .
He also could be considered a maverick .
Now , the partners of Preston Gates must deal with the consequences of discovering their firm is listed on the invoice for Tom DeLay 's plane fare to Scotland .
They may also have to consider how deep and far the probe of their firm may go .
For example , both Preston Gates and the Business Software Alliance are listed as contributors to the campaign of Senator Patrick J. Leahy , the Chairman of the Senate Judicial committee that ruled on the Government 's settlement with Microsoft .
Meanwhile House majority leader Tom DeLay says that expenses on his trip were paid by a nonprofit organization and that the financial arrangements for it were proper .
He contends that he had no way of knowing that any lobbyist financially supported the trip , either directly or through reimbursements to the nonprofit organization .
Non-profit organizations , foundations , multiple corporate entities seem like the products of a firm like Preston , Gates & Ellis .
Someone will want to look into those issues .
For example , on June 7 , 2005 , Bill Gates profile on CampaignMoney.com shows that he 's contributed $ 59,100 since 1999 to all political candidates .
Of course , that 's personal money .
Given the tens of millions of dollars attributed to Microsoft in campaign contributions , it might look like some kind of front organizations have made contributions beneficially for the welfare of the richest man in the world .
And the connection between Tom DeLay and Jack Abramoff : DeLay helped defeat a bill that would tax Preston Gates clients - American Indian casinos .
You have to also wonder if those casinos used Microsoft Office .
What we did not discuss in our earlier article , however , was the possibility that the committee could remain deadlocked for other reasons .
Such reasons could involve additional payments which Preston Gates may have some difficulty explaining .
Should the ethics committee meet , some democrats could face similar problems for Tom DeLay .
According to the the Washington Post , other names are beginning to surface , including both House and Senate members .
Names discussed in the article include Thomas A. Daschle ( S.D. ) and Harry M. Reid ( Nev. ) , Richard A. Gephardt ( Mo. ) , Sen . Conrad Burns ( R - Mont. ) , Patrick J. Kennedy ( D - R.I. ) , Sen. Patty Murray ( Wash . ) and Byron L. Dorgan ( N.D. ) .
While you might find the Washington Post 's work admirable , there are some subtle changes in their reporting that grabbed my attention .
For example , a switch has occurred in naming Jack Abramoff 's employer .
In our previous discussion , we referenced a washington Post story that said that Abramoff worked for Preston Gates .
Even the Seattle Times wrote an article focused on Preston Gates ' potential problems .
For example , in a discussion of one of the firm 's clients the article states :
...a California lawmaker recently urged a separate investigation into how the firm billed the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands after the auditor there reported the commonwealth " may have paid too much for services of Preston Gates .
... " Abramoff was the lead lobbyist .
Since the April article , the Washington Post has stopped inquiring into Preston Gates activities with regard to improper finances .
Back on April 24th , the Washington Post mentioned Preston Gates eight separate times while relating to Mr. DeLay 's potential ethics violations .
The Post never mentioned Greenberg Traurig in that article .
In the June 3rd article , Greenberg Traurig gets six mentions and Preston Gates receives no mention at all .
Previously , Abramoff charged expenses to a credit card billed to Preston Gates , and the Post stated that .
Now , Abramoff 's connections while at Greenberg Traurig have become the focus of the Post 's attention .
Yet , the questionable ethics violations supposedly happened while Abramoff worked for Preston Gates and it was their problem .
Surprise
Does it surprise you that Melinda French Gates holds a seat on the Board of the Washington Post Co . ?
You can see a listing of the Board here .
You might also notice one bridge partner sitting on that board .
Some people believe the seat of power in Washington , D.C. resides at the headquarters of the Washington Post .
Certainly , membership on the Post 's board would require a position of prominence in the world .
Perhaps some people might wonder what Melinda Gates has accomplished to put her in such a seat of power .
We can forget Melinda Gates position for a little while .
We just want to establish the fact that she 's there in a position of some power .
We also want to mention the possibility that some relationship exists between Preston Gates and Microsoft 's largest shareholders .
Here 's another piece that might fit something in the puzzle .
Charles Cooper wrote a short article in his C / Net News.com blog about the DeLay Abramoff and possible Microsoft connection .
He wrote :
... what piqued my interest was the tidbit that the ( Tom DeLay ) flight invoice listed Preston Gates & Ellis , the firm that then employed Abramoff as a lobbyist .
Computer history buffs will recall that Preston Gates & Ellis was co-founded by William H. Gates , Sr. , the father of Microsoft founder Bill Gates .
I point that out because only last week the New York Times reported that the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation had contributed a substantial sums to the DeLay Foundation for Kids since 2001 .
For more information on the Gates contribution , see this hyperlink .
Where the Money Goes
Let 's begin to make some sense of Microsoft 's puzzling maze of influence .
We 'll only travel a short distance before seeing multiple paths on which we can travel .
Regardless of the path we take , Microsoft has paved it with money .
First , let 's get a little glimpse of the firm of Preston Gates & Ellis from the Seattle Times article mentioned above :
Preston Gates traces its roots to Harold Preston , who arrived in Seattle from Iowa in 1883 and started a solo law practice .
Civic activist Jim Ellis joined in 1949 .
The firm of William H. Gates Sr. , father of Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates , merged with Preston in 1990 .
In 1973 , the firm opened its Washington , D.C. , office , including on its nameplate former Democratic Congressman Lloyd Meeds , who represented northwest Washington from 1965 to 1979 , and Emanuel Rouvelas , former counsel to the Senate Commerce Committee .
As I mentioned Monday , getting William Gates Sr. together with Preston , Microsoft suddenly had an organization that looked like a law firm and not the legal department of Microsoft .
The office in Washington , D.C. offered Microsoft and the Business Software Alliance a new way to reach out and affect government policy .
In Figure 1 , you can see an excerpt from a lobbyist filing form showing Preston Gates & Ellis et al registered as lobbyists for the Business Software Alliance .
Many such forms exist in the database at http://sopr.senate.gov.
We can now ask some questions we would hope our legislators might ask .
Who paid Preston Gates to lobby on behalf of the BSA ?
From where did the funds come ?
What did Preston Gates do ?
Does n't the BSA have a staff of its own lobbyists ?
What do the BSA lobbyists do ?
Figure 1 - Excerpt of Lobbyist Registration for Showing BSA as Preston Gates client
In Figure 2 , you we can see another excerpt of a registration document showing that Preston Gates & Ellis also lobbies for Microsoft .
In Figure 2 we can also see some of the issues that the lobbyists handled for Microsoft , who also has their own in - house lobbyists .
Figure 2 - Excerpt of Lobbyist Registration for Showing Microsoft as Preston Gates client
In Figure 3 , you can see the results of a query in the US Senate 's lobbyist registration database .
Preston Gates & Ellis has worked with the BSA for several years .
Each link takes you to pages of information , names of lobbyists , expenses , issues on which the lobbyists work and updates when personnel rotate to other projects .
Figure 3 - An Example Query from which You Can Find Raw Lobbying Information
In Figure 4 you can see another excerpt of one of the registration forms found in the Senate lobbyist database .
This excerpt appears to tell us that Jack Abramoff did work as a lobbyist for the BSA while at Preston Gates .
While the Washington Post has started steering away from Preston Gates & Ellis , the information on this registration form should lead someone to look into or inquire about Abramoff 's activities connected with the BSA .
Figure 4 - Excerpt from Registration Statement Showing Abramoff as a Lobbyist Working with the BSA
As one begins to examine the relationship among the BSA , Microsoft and Preston Gates & Ellis , perhaps a pattern emerges .
One would want to take care before calling them interlocking companies or alter - egos .
Still , consider the fact that the BSA enforces licensing for Microsoft .
Some allegations exist that say the BSA waives penalties for non-compliant companies if those companies buy upgrades from Microsoft .
We do not know if the BSA has that power .
One would want to find out .
Additionally , profiles of firm members at Preston Gates & Ellis provide information saying that many members of the firm work for the BSA .
Does that mean the BSA outsources personnel from Preston Gates & Ellis ?
To answer that , someone would have to inquire and examine the evidence and arrive at a factual determination .
Understanding the relationships among the firms seems important in light of many unexplained situations .
The next two Figures will provide some insight into reasons one might believe that the three companies need examination .
While circumstantial , the close relationships and inner workings could make one believe that not everything fits .
In Figure 5 , one can see that the Chairman of the Senator Judiciary Committee received funds for re-election from Microsoft .
This is the same Microsoft that the same the committee questioned with regard to the last Federal anti-trust settlement .
Figure 5 - Listing of Top Contributors to Patrick Leahy 's campaign for the Senate in Vermont
In Figure 6 , we excerpted two contributions and moved them into view of the camera .
These contributions came from an earlier Senate race .
Notice that both the BSA and Preston Gates & Ellis contributed to the Leahy campaign .
Figure 6 - Listing of Contributors to Patrick Leahy 's campaign for the Senate in Vermont
Difficulties exist in following Microsoft 's money trail because of the many sources of data .
Additionally , the registration forms of many candidates , lobbyists , assistant , staff , etc. do not exist in digital formats .
One can not mine the data easily .
One might consider this an ideal scenario for a monopolist whose compliance audits related to its settlement with the Department of Justice exist in secrecy .
Wag the Dog
In a statement written by Senator Leahy on December 12 , 2001 entitled , " The Microsoft Settlement : A Look to the Future " , he states :
Our courts have developed a test for determining the effectiveness of a remedy in a Sherman Act case :
The remedy must end the anticompetitive practices , it must deprive the wrongdoer of the fruits of the wrongdoing , and it must ensure that the illegality does not recur .
The Tunney Act also requires that any settlement of such a case serve the public interest .
These are all high standards , but they are reasonable ones .
In this case , the D.C. Circuit , sitting en banc and writing unanimously , found that Microsoft had engaged in serious exclusionary practices , to the detriment of their competitors and , thus , to all consumers .
Today , we must satisfy ourselves that these matters have been addressed and redressed , or find out why not .
Considering the question Senator Leahy posed on December 12 , 2001 , we should look again to the statement of the well - known consumer advocate we quoted at the start of this article .
He had a different slant when he wrote :
It is astonishing that the agreement fails to provide any penalty for Microsoft 's past misdeeds , creating both the sense that Microsoft is escaping punishment because of its extraordinary political and economic power , and undermining the value of antitrust penalties as a deterrent .
Second , the agreement does not adequately address the concerns about Microsoft 's failure to abide by the spirit or the letter of previous agreements , offering a weak oversight regime that suffers in several specific areas .
Indeed , the proposed alternative dispute resolution for compliance with the agreement embraces many of the worst features of such systems , operating in secrecy , lacking independence , and open to undue influence from Microsoft .
In addition to the hundreds of candidates receiving money from Microsoft , the combination of Microsoft , the BSA and Preston Gates & Ellis have access and use the services of former powerful people from Federal government .
Here 's a list of the lobbyists , their firms and former positons for whom Microsoft has access :
Bill Archer Pricewaterhouse Coopers
U.S. House of Representatives Member , House of Representatives ( R - Texas )
Richard Armey DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary LLP
U.S. House of Representatives Member , House of Representatives ( R - Texas )
Lloyd Bentsen DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary LLP U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( D - Texas ) James Blanchard
DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary LLP U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( D - Mich . ) Bill Brewster
Capitol Hill Consulting Group U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( D - Okla . )
John Buchanan
PodestaMattoon
U.S. House of Representatives
Member , U.S. House of Representatives ( R - Ala . )
Rod Chandler
Downey McGrath Group Inc .
U.S. House of Representatives
Member , U.S. House of Representatives ( R - Wash . )
Daniel Coats
DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary LLP U.S. Senate
Member , Senate ( R - Ind . ) James Courter
DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary LLP U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( R - N.J. ) John Culver
Arent Fox PLLC U.S. Senate
Member , Senate ( D - Iowa )
Robert Davis
Preston Gates Ellis Rouvelas & Meeds LLP
U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( R - Mich . )
Robert Dawson
Interpublic Group of Companies , Inc .
Army Corps of Engineers
Assistant Secretary ; Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works
Thomas Downey
Downey McGrath Group Inc. U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( D - N.Y . ) John Doyle
Interpublic Group of Companies , Inc. U.S. Department of Army
Acting Assistant Secretary of the Army ( Civil Works ) Vic Fazio
Clark & Weinstock Inc. U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( D - Calif . )
David Funderburk
Preston Gates Ellis Rouvelas & Meeds LLP
U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( R - N.C. )
Slade Gorton
Preston Gates Ellis Rouvelas & Meeds LLP
U.S. Senate
Member , Senate ( R - Wash . )
Willis Gradison
Patton Boggs U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( R - Ohio ) Jim Hall
Federalist Group National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB )
Chairman , National Transportation Safety Board Ed Jenkins
Palmetto Group U.S. House of Representatives
Member , U.S. House of Representatives ( D - Ga . )
Ray Kogovsek
WPP Group plc
U.S. House of Representatives
Member , U.S. House of Representatives ( D - Colo . )
Gregory Laughlin
Patton Boggs
U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( R - Texas ) .
Ray McGrath
Downey McGrath Group Inc. U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( R - N.Y . ) Lloyd Meeds
Preston Gates Ellis Rouvelas & Meeds LLP U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( D - Wash . )
Leon Panetta
Interpublic Group of Companies , Inc. U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( D - Calif . )
John Podesta
PodestaMattoon
White House Office
Chief of Staff to President William Clinton
Fred Rooney
Interpublic Group of Companies , Inc .
U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( D - Pa . )
William Schachte
Blank & Rome LLP U.S. Department of Defense ( DOD )
Acting Judge Advocate General of the Navy Rodney Slater
Patton Boggs U.S. Department of Transportation ( DOT )
Secretary of Transportation Bob Walker
WPP Group plc U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( R - Pa . )
Vin Weber
Clark & Weinstock Inc .
U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( R - Minn . )
Charles Wilson
Palmetto Group U.S. House of Representatives
Member , House of Representatives ( D - Texas )
Some Other Friends in High Places
Microsoft has unparalleled influence throughout the Federal government .
On the cover of a recent edition of VarBusiness Magazine dated June 26 , 2005 the editors presented a large headline which read :
It 's A Microsoft World .
Five years after running afoul of the Feds , Microsoft is as powerful than ever .
Pushing a platform instead of products could make it stronger still .
Why nothing seems to stop it .
Few people who have researched the company believe that Microsoft ran afoul of the Feds .
How could a company that owns the Feds run afoul of them ?
Microsoft wields more power than the Federal government .
Reading the following , you will notice just a single handful of people who have vested interests in making sure the Federal government stays out of Microsoft 's business .
Phil Bond : Undersecretary of Commerce for Technology .
Bond is the highest - ranking appointed official who deals with technology .
He is the former top aide to U.S. Rep. Jennifer Dunn ( R - Wash . ) , whose district includes Microsoft 's hometown of Redmond .
Bond 's top policy aide at Commerce was Connie Correll Partoyan , the former executive vice president of TechNet ( a Microsoft - funded trade association ) , who recently took a lobbying job for the law firm Preston , Gates , Ellis & Rouvelas Meeds .
William Kolasky : Appointed deputy assistant attorney general for international enforcement for the Justice Department 's antitrust division in October 2001 .
Kolasky was a lawyer for the Association for Competitive Technology , a group whose largest contributor is Microsoft , and wrote a friend of the court brief supporting Microsoft in its antitrust lawsuit .
Ed Gillespie : Until recently , he headed the Republican National Committee .
Gillespie helped build the Republican party and identified candidates for state and federal elections .
He has returned to Quinn Gillespie & Associates .
Prior to becoming the head of the RNC he was a Microsoft lobbyist .
Microsoft paid his lobbying firm , Quinn Gillespie & Associates , $ 1.2 million between 2001 and 2003 , according to the Center for Public Integrity .
Richard Wallis : Microsoft 's associate general counsel chairs the American Bar Association 's antitrust section .
This group influences how much oversight federal judges have over antitrust settlements .
In late June , a U.S. appeals court rejected claims that Microsoft 's 2001 deal with the government was too lenient .
Stay Tuned
Many difficulties associated with examining Microsoft 's business practices exist .
Many people have attempted to catalog and chronicle the various tactics used .
The amount of material seems overwhelming .
When one looks at such data , the human perception mechanism begins to shut down .
To defend itself , people become confused and go into states of denial or apathy .
While we can discuss much more evidence , I consider it a good approach to simply digest the material in smaller chunks .
Hopefully we raised questions that people should examine .
In the mean time , I will leave you with this quote I have seen frequently .
" The liberty of a democracy is not safe if the people tolerate the growth of private power to a point where it becomes stronger than their democratic State itself .
That in it 's [ sic ] essence , is Fascism - ownership of government by an individual , by a group or by any controlling private power . "
-- Franklin D. Roosevelt , Message proposing the " Standard Oil " Monopoly Investigation , 1938
Respectfully submitted
Notes :
( 1) Letter from Ralph Nader to Renata B. Hesse January 28 , 2002 http://www.cptech.org/ms/nader-doj01282002.html
( Back to top ) Related stories : Microsoft Getting Closer to the Fire
Is Microsoft Buying Anti-Virus Companies to Undermine Linux ?
You Decide
Did Bill Gates Invent Linux and Has He Erased the Evidence ?
Linux News : Does Microsoft 's Monopoly Power Extend to Government and Media ?
Superior Linux Technology not Stopping Microsoft - Time to Call Uncle Sam
> HIDE STOLEN SWORD IN PANTS > USE SHIELD OF POWER AS BRIDGE > POKE TROLL IN EYE WITH MAGIC STICK
Let us pause for a moment in this world of rapidly expanding graphic engines , of megabytes gone gigabytes gone terabytes and vibrating feedback joypads , to remember the passing of a dear old friend — the keyboard .
Today , the idea of using a keyboard to enter commands into a gaming system seems laughably archaic .
Not too long ago , however , it was the preferred ( if not only ) option for playing games .
In a gaming world where ergonomic and instamatic refinements on the game playing experience pop up every other week , it 's easy to get lost in the moment and lose track where this is all headed , to forget about the way things once were and what we once took for granted .
This is n't about how things were just fine in the olden days , nor is it necessarily a call for a return to the old - style keyboard interface — an option that I think , frankly , takes too much refinement , subtlety and , dare I say , craft to implement in today 's high pressure game market .
Rather , this is about reflecting upon the keyboard and an aspect of gaming it offered that seems pretty much lost today — the concept of endless possibility .
A key gaming aspect which designers shoot for to make a game work is immersion .
A lot of focus has been put on 3D space , physics , and graphics since the appearance of Doom .
In an optical or physical sense , the capabilities of modern day computers have really put ' reality ' immersion within reach .
Yet , this aspect of immersion — the ' wow it looks so real ' factor — has become a crutch and the only pillar of the immersion experience for which most games aim .
Maybe it 's easier to sell or produce en masse .
It seems like a distraction or an eventually empty substitute for what was once the key tenet of the ' immersion ' experience — the ability to ' do anything ' in a game .
When it comes down to it , there are only a few things you can do in a modern game — shoot , jump , manoeuvre , open doors , push switches , select weapons , and pick up ammo .
Even other games , like strategy and simulation , limit you to a small set of actions .
While some games allow you to carry conversations , it is only within a narrow script in which your only real choice is in what order you read what the character has to say .
Though a lot of time is spent giving the impression of vast worlds and endless corridors , you really can't just do anything .
If in frustration you want to turn your BFG on yourself and take your own life , you can't .
The fact that this ' do anything ' immersion experience is greatly missed can be illustrated by games such as Half - Life 2 , where all the hoopla was n't over the storyline , the graphics , or the War of the Worlds styled enemies , but over the fact that you could pick up nearly anything and throw it at nearly anything .
Yet , you are still limited to just throwing objects .
Once upon a time , there was a type of game where the ability to pick up objects and use them was the least interesting and most obvious thing you could do .
They were called adventure games , and thrived back when the mouse was just a quirky computer add - on .
The basic premise of these games , their immersive selling point , was not the photorealistic quality or their physics but the feeling that you were ' living ' the game .
In effect , anything you could think of , you could do — all in pursuit of your goal .
At least , you had the option of inputting what you wanted to do .
> SPIT IN MONK'S FACE > PEE ON OGRE'S CARPET
Of course , a lot of times your commands would n't be recognized .
You could try anything , but generally the computer just was n't up to speed .
Yet , half the fun was seeing if the computer would let you do it .
The other half was just even trying to do it , whether the computer understood it or not .
How would you even input ' PEE ON OGRE'S CARPET ' into Half - Life ?
It 's not even possible to try .
Quite frequently the best parts of a game was when you typed in a crazy command , which was quite unrelated to your ' quest ' , and the computer actually recognized what you were attempting and responded .
Of course , this is n't to say that the keyboard interface would let you ' do ' anything , it just presented the possibility .
If the programmers had n't thought of it or allowed it , you could n't do it .
A lot of time you were n't trying to figure out how to solve the puzzle , but trying to figure out how the designers wanted you to solve the puzzle .
It was frustrating that you could n't burn down the tree in your way with the matches in your inventory , but instead you had to trick the giant pterodactyl into crashing into it .
More frustrating was when it would n't even let you do something legitimate , such as lighting the air sick bag on fire and throwing it down the volcano at the end of Leisure Suit Larry Goes Looking for Love ( In Several Wrong Places ) .
On the other hand , you could always type in ' KILL SELF ' .
This type of ' keyboard stupidity ' was a major roadblock on the way to achieving that feeling of total immersion .
It was impossible to have an answer to everything which the user could imagine .
The problem was well answered by the word choice format used by LucasArts , which limited what you could do to a few things via a mouse driven clickable menu .
I suppose it was a good move for the genre as it took away a lot of the ' how do I make the computer understand me ' difficulties .
The computer could now do almost anything you asked it to do because your range was limited to what the computer was prepared to answer .
LucasArts solved the problem by taking away your abilities .
It was certainly better than the overly simplistic icon sets used by Sierra On - Line .
The games were improved , but at an expense .
You could n't type ' EAT CARPET ' because they did n't give you an ' EAT ' action word .
Still , you could do a lot with what you had .
In fact , a lot of the fun to be at hand in games such as The Secret of Monkey Island was doing stuff you were n't supposed to do — putting rats into soup , buying drinks underage , cheating at spitting contests , getting other people thrown into jail , dressing up as a lady .
There was still plenty of possibility , and the limited interface helped focus the user on what was and was not possible .
Of course , this interface is now gone too .
Such changes were just the signposts of what was to come — a limiting of the user 's power to interact .
Mice and joypads have been great improvements for interacting with the computer , but mostly because they computerize us — limit us to thinking in ways the computer understands .
It has n't adapted to us .
We 've adapted to it .
If we examine the modern games — even more open ended games such as Warcraft — they play like chess games where there are very limited set of rules within which you have to play — build buildings , make ships , attack enemies .
Certainly , there are a lot of combinations within the ' rule world ' that make the game diverse and challenging .
A key part of what makes games ( of any kind ) fun is the strategy aspect of having to think creatively in a rigid but consistent rule set .
In Warcraft , you could n't just start to build a garden or crossbreed orcs with demon hunters .
Modern shooters play like theme park rides , where you go down the right tubes and fire a gun at things that jump out at you from the sides .
Not that it is n't fun .
However , in an adventure game you could find yourself paying off the dead ferryman , climbing a whale 's tongue , feeding pigs , climbing a mountain , and kissing a girl — or not kissing the girl if you did n't want to do so .
You could punch her if you wanted , but you 'd probably get in trouble .
Even in the so - called modern adventure games , among which there are some incredibly notable titles such as Grim Fandango , the play is very limited .
Grim Fandango had no ' TURN ' option or even ' PULL ' , ' OPEN ' , or ' THROW ' option — just an action key for interacting with predetermined ' areas of interest ' .
Surely , you can be incredibly creative with this — making Glottis puke gelatine all over the floor to solidify a nefarious domino setup rigged to blow up your hot rod — but it 's much like a Chinese puzzle , where you fiddle around and see what happens , rather than inhabit a world .
Myst also plays this way — you can't climb walls unless there 's a ladder there , or manipulate objects that were n't meant to be manipulated , or just dig a hole in the sand on the beach and have the computer respond as if you had tried .
Conversations are limited to what the computer wants to provide , not to what you can think of asking .
I 'm over romanticizing the keyboard a bit , perhaps .
I remember feeling more frustrated at the computer for not letting me do things in an adventure game than in any other genre .
The problem with the keyboard was that it was too generous .
The keyboard gave you the chance to ' try ' anything and then could n't respond to half of it .
By comparison , a joystick has only 2 axes and up to 8 buttons .
The computer can be programmed to be prepared for all the combinations you can throw at it .
For some reason , we 're satisfied with that .
The keyboard , frankly , was too powerful .
It 's a bit dishonest to say that with the keyboard you could do anything , but it would at least allow the user to adapt to the situation — you could climb a mountain , or you could rip off your clothes and make them into a rope .
As a result , adventure game design was much more open ended .
We were n't trying to fit a story into joystick .
There are more than 2 axes and 8 buttons to tell it .
This is the aspect of gaming , in the pursuit of a less frustrating game experience , which I believe we 've lost out on — possibility .
It 's quite unlikely there is going to be a return to this style of interface .
Yet , considering the advances in technology in other aspects of gaming — from joysticks to game physics to hyper realistic graphics ( thought to be impossible in the days when the keyboard reigned ) — it's a wonder that the worst glitches of the keyboard era could n't be resolved now .
If we can make game characters look real and make objects act real on the fly , why can't we make a smart keyboard ?
Maybe it 's still out of our grasp .
Perhaps the biggest frustration with the keyboard interface was the realization that the computer was woefully inadequate at keeping up with us .
When we play on the computer 's level , we are amazed .
When we ask the computer to play on ours , however , we get bored and irritated .
Is the command style of playing going to ever come back ?
It 's hard to say .
We 've become very attached to changing ourselves to suit the computer , not the other way around .
Still , it 's worth remembering a style of play that once existed .
Notwithstanding all of its frustrations , the keyboard was a phenomenal and interesting interface .
In terms of gaming , there is a lot to be said for just doing whatever came into your head .
Even these years on , in a world of rapidly expanding graphic engines , of megabytes gone gigabytes gone terabyte and vibrating feedback joypads , the only interface that 's ever really come close to letting you do anything is the keyboard .
> END ARTICLE
Norwegian energy group Norsk Hydro and German engineering firm Siemens recently announced that they have joined forces to research and build a floating wind turbine .
Currently , windmills have to be built on land or in shallow off - shore seabed sites , where they often generate complaints that they spoil the landscape , and concerns that the turbines batter birdlife .
A floating windmill could be placed far out at sea .
Affordable and effective design
A fixed turbine off the Baltic Sea .
“ Windmills standing in waters deeper than about 30 meters ( 98 feet ) become prohibitively expensive , " said Henrik Stiesdal , chief technology officer of Siemens ' wind power unit told Reuters .
Hydro's " is the most elegant and simple solution we have seen . "
Hydro 's design consists of an upright steel tube with a concrete base about 200 meters long with 80 meters extending above the water and three blades that are 60 meters long .
The wind turbine is fixed to the seabed by three cables to hold it steady in seas where waves can be 30 meters high .
Hydro believes it can work in waters up to 700 meters deep .
The research partnership hopes to have the first turbine generating clean energy in the North Sea by 2009 .
Bring together specialists
Hydro will bring its expertise in floatation technology , which it currently develops for North Sea oil rigs and tankers .
Siemens has a strong history in designing and building turbines for electricity generation .
It is expected that the floating turbines will be more expensive than land based turbines , but could supply energy to offshore oil and gas platforms and coastal communities .
The attraction of wind turbines is that they produce electricity without releasing greenhouse gases .
Powering the North Sea
The new technology could power oil and gas platforms .
Hydro hopes to have a prototype operating in the North Sea by 2009 .
It is projected to cost 200 million Norwegian kroner ( 25.2 million euros or $ 34.3 million ) , although the project 's finances have yet to be agreed on .
Hydro has already spent 30 million kroner on developing its floatation technology .
Siemens says it will spend several million euros on the project over the next two years .
If all goes well , the partnership is hoping to have an off - shore wind energy field set up by 2013 , using 5 megawatt wind turbines .
Congress Investigates MacDonald's Farm
WASHINGTON , DC , May 21 , 2007 ( ENS ) -
Two senior House Democrats launched an inquiry today into reports that a Bush political appointee may have improperly removed a California fish from a list of threatened species in order to protect her own financial interests .
Julie MacDonald , who resigned this month as Interior Department deputy assistant secretary for fish , wildlife and parks , was actively involved in removing the Sacramento splittail fish from the federal threatened and endangered species list at the same time that she was profiting from her ownership of a farm that lies within the habitat area of the threatened fish , according to an investigative report published Sunday by the " Contra Costa Times " newspaper .
MacDonald 's financial disclosure statement shows that she earns as much as $ 1 million per year from her ownership of the 80 acre active farm in Dixon , California .
Federal law bars federal employees from participating in decisions on matters in which they have a personal financial interest .
Agricultural area just off the Interstate 80 near Dixon , California ( Photo courtesy Ken Lund )
Today , Representatives George Miller of California and Nick Rahall of West Virginia , chairman of the Natural Resources Committee , wrote to Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne requesting a full accounting of MacDonald 's role in the Sacramento splittail decision .
Miller and Rahall asked for an explanation of her apparent conflict of interest , and a thorough review of the science underlying the decision to remove the Sacramento splittail from the threatened species list .
" It looks like another Bush administration official was protecting her own bottom line instead of protecting the public interest , " said Miller , a senior member and former chairman of the Natural Resources Committee and a long - time proponent of the Endangered Species Act and Bay - Delta fish and wildlife issues .
" This news raises serious questions about the integrity of the Interior Department and its policy decisions , " Miller said .
Rahall , who has served on the Natural Resources Committee since 1976 and became its chairman in January , said , " Time and again , this administration has demonstrated a complete disregard for scientists and their work . "
" Political appointees at the Interior Department have been allowed to overrule biologists and to work more closely with special interests than with their own staff .
The Interior Department must explain its deputy assistant secretary 's actions in this very troubling case , which is apparently the latest in a long line of efforts to undercut species recovery . "
The Sacramento splittail has been the subject of litigation and controversy since 1999 .
( Photo by Tina Swanson courtesy USFWS )
The inquiry launched by Miller and Rahall comes two weeks after a May 9 Committee hearing at which Deputy Interior Secretary Lynn Scarlett was questioned about recent controversies in the implementation of the Endangered Species Act .
Scarlett 's prepared testimony did not mention a report by the Department 's Inspector General on an investigation into MacDonald , nor did her testimony indicate awareness of the serious consequences of MacDonald 's actions .
In the course of the hearing , Scarlett affirmed that " where there is scientific manipulation , we want to correct that , " but no specifics were provided .
MacDonald resigned from the Interior Department just one week before Scarlett testified .
Also today , the Center for Biological Diversity released memos obtained through the Freedom of Information Act further implicating MacDonald in what Policy Director Kieran Suckling called " improper and potentially criminal actions . "
On January 27 , 2005 , industry lobbyist and attorney Steven Quarles emailed MacDonald , requesting a meeting , in his own words , to " secure easy ' yeses ' to outrageous requests . "
Later in the day , Quarles emailed MacDonald 's secretary , asking her to pass a message on to MacDonald to " just go in and erase all those back emails but I must admit I suspect some of them are mine ... and , of course , THEY are critically important . "
Attorney Steven Quarles is co-chair of the Environment and Natural Resources Group of the Washington , DC law firm of Crowell & Moring LLP .
( Photo courtesy Crowell & Moring )
If MacDonald deleted the emails as requested , she may have violated federal laws prohibiting the deletion of government emails .
Karl Rove , deputy chief of staff to President George W. Bush , is currently being investigated for similar charges .
In a second memo dated May 5 , 2005 , U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service scientists reveal that the Assistant Secretary of Interior 's Office , from which MacDonald oversaw the Fish and Wildlife Service , issued a secret policy forcing the Service to ignore scientific information supporting petitions to add species to the federal endangered species List .
The policy required the Service to only divulge information which could be used to refute listing petitions , while ignoring supporting information .
The policy , which was never made public , violates the Endangered Species
Act requirement to use all the best available scientific information which making listing decisions .
Suckling says this secret policy was used by the Fish and Wildlife Service to deny a petition by the Center for Biological Diversity to retain the desert nesting bald eagle on the endangered species list when the rest of the bald eagle species is removed from the list on June 29 , 2007 .
Arizona bald eagle ( Photo courtesy Maricopa Audubon Society )
The only opponents to retaining protection for the desert eagle were top level agency bureaucrats .
" Julie MacDonald is gone from office , but her legacy of lawlessness lives on within the Department of Interior , " said Suckling .
" Her abusive policies and illegal decisions are still in place .
The Department of Interior will not regain credibility until her policies and decisions are withdrawn . "
The Center for Biological Diversity and the Maricopa Audubon Society filed suit in January challenging the Bush administration 's suppression of scientific reports concluding that the Arizona bald eagle should remain on the endangered species list .
The suit seeks an injunction barring the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from removing the Arizona eagle from the endangered list and requiring it to incorporate the scientific studies in its management plans .
The State of Linux Graphics
After quitting work on Xgl I received a lot of email and read a lot of posts .
My conclusion is that most people do n’t really know what is going on with graphics in Linux .
It ’s understandable that people do n’t see the whole picture .
Graphics is a large and complex area with many software components and competing developer groups .
I ’ve written this as an attempt to explain how all of the parts fit together .
History
This year is the X server ’s twenty - first birthday .
Started in 1984 out of Project Athena it has served the Unix community well over the years .
X is in widespread use and powers most Linux desktops today .
The Wikipedia article provides much more detail but two major X innovations are being open source , which enabled cross platform support , and network transparency .
However , it has been twenty years since X was designed and video hardware has changed .
If you look at the floor plan of a modern video chip you will notice a small section labeled 2D .
That ’s because 90 % of the chip is dedicated to the 3D pipeline .
You just paid for that 3D hardware so would n’t it be nice if the desktop used it .
A lot of people do n’t realize that 3D hardware can draw 2D desktops .
Look at your screen , it ’s a flat 2D surface , right ?
Any picture generated by the 3D hardware ends up as a flat 2D screen .
This should lead you to the conclusion that with the appropriate programming 3D hardware can draw 2D desktops .
Graphics Vendors
Years ago graphics chip vendors were proud to give out data sheets and programming info for their hardware .
But as the patent libraries grew the fear of infringement suits grew too .
Now the graphics chip vendors hide all of the information about their chips as a way of making it harder for patent holders to search for infringements .
At least this is the story the vendors give as their reason for hiding programming specs .
They also claim that hidden specs makes it harder for competitors to reverse engineer the chips , but I have my doubts about that too .
All of these hidden specs make it very hard to write open source device drivers for these chips .
Instead we are being forced to rely on vendor provided drivers for the newest hardware .
Just in case you have n’t , noticed graphics vendors really only care about MS Windows so they do the minimum driver support they can get away with for Linux .
There are exceptions .
Intel provides open source drivers for some of their chips .
Nvidia / ATI provides proprietary drivers but they lag the Windows versions .
The overall result is a very mixed set of drivers ranging in quality from decent to non-existent .
Desktop Alternatives
The desktop alternatives , Windows and Mac , both have GPU accelerated desktops .
They are obviously , visibly better than their predecessors .
In some cases these new accelerated desktops can paint over one hundred times faster than under the old model .
At some future point the graphics chip vendors are going to remove that dot labeled 2D and only leave us only with 3D hardware .
Microsoft and Apple seem to have already gotten the message that 3D is the path forward and are making the transition .
On the other hand , several of the X developers have told me to stop talking about the competitive landscape .
They say all they want to do is make X better .
While X developers may not be concerned , I ’m certain that executives at Redhat and Novell wo n’t agree with this when they start losing sales because of a non-competitive GUI .
Using 3D for the desktop is not just about making more eye candy .
A lot of the 3D generated eye candy may just be glitz but there are also valid reasons for using 3D .
3D is simply faster than 2D , no one is making their 2D functions faster , all of silicon engineering is going into 3D .
You can do fast , arbitrary image processing for things like color space conversion , stretching / warping , etc .
I ’ve seen some extremely complex filtering done in real time with shader hardware that would take the main CPU several seconds a frame to do .
Support for heterogeneous window depths ( simultaneous 8 , 16 , 24 - bit windows ) with arbitrary colormaps .
On - the - fly screen flipping / rotation for projectors , and whole - screen scaling for the visual impaired , etc .
Resolution independence allows objects to be rendered at arbitrary resolution / size and down / up - sampled when shown on - screen .
More interesting applications are described later in the windowing section .
Current X.org Server
X.org is about to release X11R7 .
The primary feature of this release is the modularization of the X source code base .
While modularization does n’t mean anything to most users , it will make it much easier to work on the X source code .
Before modularization the X source tree consisted of about 16 M lines of code all built as a single project .
After modularization the tree will be split into dozens of independent pieces , making the project much easier to build and understand .
X , the Operating System
Is X an application or an operating system ?
A good reference for understanding how an X server is put together is here , it ’s 8 years old but most of it is still relevant .
Read it if you do n’t know what DIX , mi , DDX , CFB , etc mean .
Somewhere around X11R6.3 Xfree86 split off and the X server design changed to become extremely cross platform .
The various operating systems targeted by X have different levels of support for things like hardware probing .
To address this X added code to probe the PCI bus to find hardware , code to find video ROMs and run them to reset the hardware , find mice and keyboards and provide drivers , to manage the problems of multiple VGA devices and ultimately even provide its own module loader .
This is the stage where X started blurring the line as to whether it was an application or an operating system .
While some operating environments desperately needed this OS - like support , implementing these features on operating systems that provided the same services , like Linux , ultimately ended up in the current day conflicts between X and the OS .
Of course operating systems are moving targets decisions that made sense ten years ago may not make sense today .
The Linux kernel offers subsystems like PCI and framebuffer that are not present on BSD and some other platforms .
In the interest of cross platform support the X server has built parallel implementations of these subsystems .
In the past there was a need for this but on current Linux systems this results in two different pieces of software trying to control the same hardware .
Linux has multiple non -X users of the video hardware whose only point of interaction with X is the kernel .
The kernel provides many mechanisms for coordination of these users ; things like the PCI subsystem , input drivers , hotplug detection , and device drivers .
In the interest of coordination on Linux , the best solution is to make use of the features offered by the kernel and run these duplicated libraries only on the other platforms .
Fbdev and XAA drivers are a prime example of duplicated drivers .
Linux has an excellent hotplug system and the graphics system really needs to start using it .
Screens can be hotplugged from multiple sources .
There is the traditional source of hotplug ; someone sticks a new video card into a hotplug chassis .
But there are other non-traditional ways to get a hotplug .
Another user could be using a screen you want to attach to your screen group and when they log out you get a screen hotplug .
You could attach an external monitor to a laptop and generate a hotplug .
You could wirelessly connect to a display wall with something like DMX or Chromium .
USB is also the source of a lot of hotplug .
A user can hotplug mice , tablets , keyboards , audio devices and even graphics adapters .
The current X server handles none of this since it does not communicate with the kernel ’s hotplug system .
A standard Linux desktop uses rooted X . Rooted X means that X controls the drawing of the top level desktop and the windows placed on it .
Cygwin/X , Directfb and Apple Darwin all use rootless X . These environment have another windowing system in charge of the display .
These host windowing systems draw the main desktop and implement their own windowing API .
X can be integrated into a host windowing system like this by running in rootless mode .
In rootless mode X application windows are drawn to buffers in system memory .
At the appropriate times the X windows are synchronized with the host windowing system and their contents are displayed .
Rootless X also provides protocols for handing off mouse and keyboard events between the two environments .
X Render
The X Render extension .
In the year 2000 KeithP declared the existing X server incapable of efficiently drawing clear , antialiased text and came up with the X Render extension to address the problem .
X Render is the core X feature enabling things like pretty fonts and Cairo to be implemented on the X server .
X Render adds Porter - Duff operators to the X server .
These operators allow surfaces to be combined in various ways .
They are very similar to the OpenGL concepts of textures and texture operations , but they are similar and do n’t match exactly .
XAA
XAA , X Acceleration Architecture was introduced in XFree86 4.0 .
To achieve cross platform portability XAA implements 2D video drivers in user space without using kernel device drivers .
User space drivers do work but since there are no kernel based drivers the Linux kernel has no way to track what X is doing to the hardware .
X does n’t start running until after your system has booted .
You ’d like to have a display during the boot process in case something goes wrong with starting X , right ?
Boot display on Linux is implemented with text mode ( console ) drivers , the most common of which is VGAcon .
So under Linux you end up with two device drivers , X and console , both trying to control the same piece of hardware .
The combination of XAA , console and the Linux kernel feature of Virtual Terminals can result in a lot of conflicts , but more on this later .
EXA
EXA replaces the existing 2D XAA drivers allowing the current server model to work a while longer .
It accelerates the X Render extension by providing more a more advanced driver and memory management API .
EXA was originally presented as being a solution for all hardware including old hardware .
But this is n’t true .
If the old hardware is missing the alpha blending hardware needed to accelerate the core of render there is n’t much you can do , although EXA may be able to help increase performance on these chips by better managing video memory .
So it ends up that the hardware EXA works on is pretty much the same hardware as we have existing OpenGL drivers for .
Exceptions do exist like nv and i128 where the hardware is 3D capable but no OpenGL driver exists .
There is also concern that EXA will keep expanding to expose more of the chip ’s 3D capabilities .
The EXA bandaid will work for a while but it is not a long term fix .
A key point to remember is that EXA / render is still just a subset of the broader Mesa OpenGL API and over time we always want more and more features .
Cairo
Cairo ’s goal is to be a high quality 2D drawing API that is equally good for printing and screens .
It is designed with the X Render extension in mind and it implements the PDF 1.4 imaging model .
Interesting operations include stroking and filling Bézier cubic splines , transforming and compositing translucent images , and antialiased text rendering .
The Cairo design is portable and allows pluggable drawing backends such as image , glitz , png , ps , PDF , svg , quartz , GDI and xlib .
Cairo has been under development for about two years now and should see deployment in upcoming versions of GDK and Mozilla .
Cairo ’s main goal is to make it easier for developers to produce high end 2D graphics on the screen and then be able to easily print them .
The pluggable backends allow an application to use the same code to draw and print .
One of the Cairo backends , named glitz , implements Cairo using OpenGL .
There is a good paper that explains glitz in detail .
Since Cairo implements both an xlib and OpenGL backend a direct performance comparison can be done between xlib and OpenGL .
In the benchmarks that have been published , OpenGL beats XAA anywhere from ten to hundred to one in speed .
This large performance differential is due to glitz / OpenGL ’s use of the 3D hardware on the graphics chip .
Comparing Cairo on glitz and xlib is a good way to illustrate that 3D hardware is perfectly capable of drawing 2D screens .
DRI and OpenGL
DRI , Direct Rendering Infrastructure , implements OpenGL in cooperation with the X server .
DRI has four main components .
First , libGL which provides the OpenGL API and acts a switch between multiple drivers .
Next there is the hardware specific DRI library which programs the graphics chip .
For OpenGL features not provided by the DRI driver you need a software fallback implementation .
Fallback is provided by Mesa .
Note that Mesa is a complete OpenGL implementation in software .
A card that provides no acceleration can still implement OpenGL by falling back to Mesa for every function .
Finally , there is DRM , the direct rendering manager .
DRM drivers run in the kernel , managing the hardware and providing needed security protection .
An interesting aspect of DRI is the ‘ direct ’ part of the name .
Each application using DRI directly programs the video hardware .
This is different than X where you send drawing commands to the server and the server programs the hardware on your behalf .
The DRM kernel driver coordinates the multiple users to stop interference .
The advantage to this model is that OpenGL drawing can occur without the overhead of process swaps and data transmission to a controlling server .
One disadvantage is that the graphics card may have to deal with a lot of graphics context switches .
The workstation cards seem to do a decent job of this , but some consumer cards do not .
Microsoft has already encountered this problem and requires advanced hardware context switching support for DirectX 10 capable hardware .
DRM also implements the concept of a master user with more capabilities than normal users .
These extra capabilities allow the graphics device to be initialized and the consumption of GPU resources to be controlled .
The current X server , which runs as root , functions as the DRM master .
There is actually no real requirement that the DRM master be run as root , and there is a preliminary patch that removes this requirement .
When the hardware is missing a feature , Mesa implements the feature in software .
This is termed a software fallback .
People are confused by this .
They say their OpenGL is n’t fully accelerated and their X server is .
Think about it .
Both drivers are running on the same hardware .
OpenGL is n’t fully accelerated because it offers many features capable of acceleration while X only offers a few .
If you pick features that are in both driver APIs , they will probably both be accelerated .
If they are not , start programming and go fix the appropriate driver .
Security and root
The Linux kernel contains about 10 M lines of code that runs as root .
The X server contains 16 M lines of code of which a lot runs as root .
If you ’re looking for security holes , where do you have better odds ?
There is no technical reason requiring the X server to run as root .
In the name of cross platform compatibility , the current X Server runs as root in order to program the video hardware from user space .
Linux has a solution for this .
You put the privileged code into a device driver and run the user space application without privilege .
The privileged device driver for an average video card runs about 100KB .
That is a whole lot less code to audit than 16 M lines .
Older hardware
Any video hardware , even a dumb VGA adapter , can run the X server , and Mesa will happily implement the entire OpenGL API in software .
The question is how fast .
No amount of programming is going to turn a VGA card into an ATI X850 .
This old hardware is well served by the current X server .
But new systems are being designed around new hardware and they may perform badly on old hardware .
You may want to consider upgrading your video hardware ; graphics cards capable of decent OpenGL performance can be bought brand new for $ 40 and for even less used .
Alternatively , you may choose not to upgrade and to continue running the same software that has served you well in the past .
Kernel Graphics Support
When the kernel firsts boots , you see the boot console .
On the x86 , the most common boot console is VGAcon.
VGAcon uses the legacy hardware VGA support of your graphics card .
Since most all x86 graphics cards support VGA , VGAcon provides a universal console for this platform .
On non -x86 platforms you may not have VGA hardware support .
On these platforms you usually load a chip specific framebuffer driver .
The kernel offers numerous fbdev drivers so a very broad range of hardware is supported .
VGA Legacy
The original design of the IBM PC had a somewhat limited set of peripherals located at fixed , well known addresses , for example COM1 at 0x3F8 .
Unfortunately , the VGA support on most graphics cards is one of those legacy devices located at a fixed address .
As long as you only have one graphics card in your system , VGA is not a problem .
Plug in a second one and now you have two pieces of hardware both wanting to occupy the same bus address .
The current X server has code to deal with multiple VGA adapters .
But this X server code is unaware of other users of these devices and it will stomp all over them .
Stomping on these other programs is not nice , so we need some way to coordinate multiple users of the VGA device .
On Linux the best solution for this is to add a VGA arbitration mechanism to the kernel .
BenH has been working on one that was discussed at OLS .
Another problem is the initialization of multiple video cards .
Video cards have ROMs , often referred to as VBIOS , which are executed at boot to initialize the hardware .
Due to legacy issues , many of these initializations make use of VGA support .
Since we can only have one legacy VGA device , the system BIOS punts the problem and only initializes the first video card .
It is possible to initialize secondary cards at a later point during boot .
This is achieved by running the secondary VBIOS using vm86 mode and coordinating use of the single legacy VGA device .
To make matters more complicated there are two common ROM formats x86 code and Open Firmware .
Since vendors charge a lot more for their Open Firmware models it is common for people to use x86 video hardware in non-x86 machines .
To make this work the VBIOS ’s have to be run using an x86 emulator .
BenH is working on a solution for this problem too .
Fbdev , also referred to as framebuffer .
Under Linux , framebuffer is primarily responsible for : initializing the hardware , detecting attached displays , determining their valid modes , setting the scanout mode and config , hardware cursor , blanking , color mapping , pan and suspend / resume .
There are a lot of framebuffer drivers in the kernel and they implement various states of support on these features .
Note that while the interface to fbdev is kernel based , there is nothing stopping fbdev support from having helper apps implemented in user space .
Helper apps could be used to make VBIOS calls in situations where source code is not available .
When you run a VBIOS it creates a set of very low level entry points which can be used to control the display .
This is getting very detailed and I wo n’t explain all of the differences between VGA , Int10 and VESA .
As an overview , VGA is the base hardware register standard established by IBM .
Int10 refers to using software interrupts to perform display output .
Software interrupts only work in x86 real mode , and are not commonly used any more except by things like GRUB .
The code to support Int10 comes from the VBIOS and is installed when the ROM is run .
There can only be one installed Int10 driver .
VESA took the Int10 model and extended it to work in protected mode .
When configuring the kernel there are three drivers : VGA and VESA fbdev , which also need fbconsole loaded to run , and VGAcon which is all inclusive .
On non -x86 you usually need fbdev and fbconsole .
Making multiuser work
Linux is a multiuser operating system .
It has always been that way .
But the only way to connect multiple users has been over serial lines and the network .
What happens if you install multiple video cards and run multiuser locally ?
It does n’t work .
There have been patches to try and make this work such as the Linux console project and various hacks on X .
The problem is that the Linux console Virtual Terminal system controls the local video cards and it effectively only supports a single user .
Note that fbdev works fine when used by multiple users , it is the VT system that is single user .
Multiple local users have application in places like schools , monitoring systems , internet cafes and even at home .
Past demand for multiple video card support has not been that high due to the common PC only supporting a single AGP slot .
Multiple PCI video cards do work but their performance is not high .
There are high end machines with multiple AGP slots but they are n’t very common .
PCI express changes this .
With PCI express , all slots are functionally equal .
The only thing that varies is how many lanes go to each slot .
This hardware change makes it easy to build systems with multiple , high performance video cards .
PCIe support chips are planned that can allow up to sixteen video cards in a single system .
Splitting console
When analyzing the console system you will soon notice that there are two different classes of console use .
System console , which provides the boot display and is used for system error report , recovery and maintenance .
And user console , a normal display that a user logs in to and performs command line activities or editing .
In the current Linux console system , both uses are serviced by the same console code .
It is possible to split the console code up depending on type of use and fix a lot of the current issues with the Linux console .
To begin , the system console should be totally reliable and tamper proof .
It does not have to be fast .
It needs to be implemented with the simplest code possible and it needs to work at interrupt time and from kernel panics .
Uses include system recovery and single user mode .
Boot time display and kdbg support are also possible .
System console would provides SAK and the secure login screen .
To support independent users logged into each head of a video card it needs to be implemented independently on each head .
One way to access the new system console would be to hit SysReq , the console will overlay your current display and use your current video mode .
The Novell kernel debugger works this way .
System console does not support VTs and there are no console swaps .
Since it knows your video mode , it can preempt your display in emergency , for example a fatal kernel OOPs .
The design for system console uses fbdev to track the mode and where the scanout buffer is located .
To make it as reliable as possible all acceleration support is removed .
Fbconsole then uses the system CPU to directly manipulate the framebuffer .
The console is displayed by drawing directly into the scanout buffer using the existing bitmap font support in fbconsole .
The user console is the opposite of system console , it needs to be high performance and user friendly .
A user space implementation makes it easy to handle multiuser by creating a process for each user .
User space allows full GPU based acceleration via fbdev and DRM .
You also have easy access to Xft / FreeType for full Unicode support .
With proper design the console can even allow different users on each head .
By coding the appropriate hot keys it can be made to behave just like existing VTs and support console swaps .
Since the current consoles are combined , when you VT switch you get both types .
In the new model current VT swap keys would give you user space consoles .
SysReq would activate the system console .
The shell process attached to the system console could run at high priority making it easier to take back control from an errant process .
Grouping Hardware
Local multiuser support implies that Linux will implement the concept of console groups for UI oriented peripherals .
Console groups are collections of hardware that go together to form a login console .
An example group would include a display , mouse , keyboard and audio device .
At login , PAM assigns ownership of these devices to the logged in user .
An interesting add - on to this concept is to include a USB hub or port as part of the console group .
While the user is logged on , anything plugged into the USB port will also belong to them .
At logout everything goes back into the unassigned pool .
Alternate alternatives
The little guys : directfb , svgalib , fresco , Y Windows , FBUI , etc. Linux attracts a lot of people that want to experiment with display code .
In the current VT model these other display systems cause a lot problems on VT swap .
After swapping VTs , the newly activated display system is allowed to do anything it wants to the hardware .
That includes reinitializing it , reprogramming it and wiping its VRAM .
When you swap back , the original system is expected to recover from the altered hardware state .
It ’s not just the little guys that can cause problems with VT swap .
You can swap between the console system and X or even two desktops like X and Xegl .
This was probably a fine model for VGA adapters with 14 registers and 32 KB of VRAM .
It is not a good model for a video card with 300 registers , 512MB of VRAM and an independent GPU coprocessor .
Cooperating Effectively
I believe the best solution to this problem is for the kernel to provide a single , comprehensive device driver for each piece of video hardware .
This means that conflicting drivers like fbdev and DRM must be merged into a cooperating system .
It also means that poking hardware from user space while a kernel based device driver is loaded should be prevented .
I suspect that if Linux offered comprehensive standard drivers for the various video cards , much of the desire to build yet another version of the Radeon driver would disappear .
This does not mean that projects like fresco can’t develop their own device drivers for the video hardware .
All this means is that you will have to unload the standard driver and then load your custom driver before running the new program .
This unload / load behavior is no different than that of every other driver in the kernel .
Using a hot key to jump ( VT swap ) between two active video device drivers for the same piece of hardware would no longer be supported .
If a base driver is missing needed features a better approach would be to submit patches to the standard driver .
By implementing needed extensions in the standard driver all programs can share them and it would be easy to swap between apps using them with the user space console system .
If we are going to keep the VT design of having a hot key to jump between video drivers , I think it is only fair that a hot key for jumping between disk and network drivers also be implemented .
OpenGL|ES
Khronos Group is a new standards group formed by over one hundred member corporations .
Khronos Group ’s most successful standard is OpenGL ES .
OpenGL ES defines a very useful subset of OpenGL targeted at low memory systems .
It also defines EGL which is a platform independent equivalent to the OpenGL GLX / agl / wgl APIs .
“ EGL provides mechanisms for creating rendering surfaces onto which client APIs like OpenGL ES and OpenVG can draw , create graphics contexts for client APIs , and synchronize drawing by client APIs as well as native platform rendering APIs .
This enables seamless rendering using both OpenGL ES and OpenVG for high - performance , accelerated , mixed - mode 2D and 3D rendering . ”
EGL assumes the existence of a windowing system provided by other parts of the operating system .
But EGL ’s design is platform independent and nothing in the EGL API is specific to a windowing system unlike GLX / agl / wgl .
All references to a local windowing system are handled with opaque pointers .
Mesa developers have put together a proposal for extending EGL so that a windowing system can be implemented on top of EGL .
The core of this extension provides an API to enumerate the available screens , set modes and framebuffer configs on a screen , pan the screen , and query attributes .
Two areas that still need to be addressed by EGL extensions include hardware cursor support and color mapping .
Adding these extensions to EGL provides enough control over the hardware to implement a server and windowing system like Xegl .
OpenGL plus EGL and the Mesa extensions provides a truly portable API for accessing many forms of graphics hardware ranging from current cell phones to the Playstation 3 to PCs to graphics supercomputers .
The Extended EGL API is well matched to Linux .
It provides a solid foundation to construct windowing systems or embedded apps .
It ’s easy to use making it a fun platform for R&D and experimentation .
It lets you focus on your new app or windowing system and forget about all of the complexities of dealing with the hardware .
I believe that Khronos Group represents a major untapped opportunity for the X.org and Linux graphics communities .
Most of the the Khronos standards are lacking open source reference implementations , development system support , and conformance tests .
Many of the Khronos Group backers sell production systems based on Linux .
If X.org were to expand its charter , it could approach Khronos Group about being a neutral non-profit vehicle for building open source reference implementations and development systems based on Linux and the Khronos standards .
The partnership would allow Khronos Group members to make charitable contributions to X.org similar to IBM and the Eclipse Foundation .
Pixel Perfect
Pixel perfect accuracy is a myth .
All you can do is achieve degrees of accuracy .
Sources of errors are everywhere .
The evenness of your LCD ’s backlight , the consistency of printer ink , the quality of the DACs , the reflectivity of paper , problems with color matching , different drawing algorithms implement in the GPU , etc.
OpenGL does not guarantee pixel perfect accuracy between implementations .
The closest you are going to get to pixel perfection is to use exactly the same version of software Mesa on each of your targets .
By the way , the X server is n’t pixel accurate either .
My rule of thumb is that if it take a magnifying glass to tell the difference it is close enough .
People get confused about this point .
If you hand OpenGL a bitmap to display it is going to copy those pixels to the screen unchanged unless you tell it to change them .
The pixel drawing accuracy argument applies more to scalable vector things like lines .
Subpixel antialiased fonts are not an issue , OpenGL offers multiple solutions for displaying subpixel , antialiased fonts .
If you choose , OpenGL is capable of using the exact same mechanism for glyph display that the X server uses today .
Since it is the same mechanism the glyphs will appear identical .
It is also undesirable to lock drawing into a specified algorithm , doing so hampers forward progress .
For example , this paper ( video ) explores a completely new way of generating fonts on the GPU .
There is another interesting paper , " Resolution Independent Curve Rendering using Programmable Graphics Hardware " by Loop and Blinn , proceedings SIGGRAPH 2005 .
If font drawing were specified with pixel perfect precision , it would probably be impossible to use these new techniques .
These glyphs are generated by GPU and use algorithms that are built into the hardware and are not alterable by the user .
Converting outline glyphs to pixels in order to render them as blended images is just one way to display glyphs .
Programmable GPUs are providing new alternatives .
Any long lived API will need to take this into account .
Three Generations of Windows
In the current X server and many other windowing systems , windows are drawn onto the screen in clip regions using the painter ’s algorithm .
The painter ’s algorithm works just like real paint – each successive layer obscures the previous layer .
You draw the background first and then draw each window in reverse Z order .
If there is no translucency and you know where all of the windows are going , you can optimize this algorithm ( like X does ) with clips rects so that each pixel on the screen is only painted once .
Performance can be improved by tracking damage .
Only the windows in the damaged area need to be redrawn and the rest of the screen is protected by clip regions .
Further gains are made by ‘ save unders ’ .
The windowing system notes that things like menu popups repaint the same contents to the screen when dismissed .
A ‘ save under ’ saves the screen under these popup windows and replaces it when done .
Composite takes advantage of performance enhancements in recent hardware .
With composite , windows are drawn into off screen , non-visible video memory .
The window manager then composites the windows together to form the visible screen .
Compositing still uses the painter ’s algorithm , but since the window manager always has all of the window contents , it is possible to implement translucent windows .
Translucency is created by blending the contents of the screen under the window with the previous window contents as it is copied to the scanout buffer .
This is called alpha blending .
Most modern hardware supports it .
Drawing flicker is also eliminated by double buffering .
In this model everything is still 2D and has a simple Z order .
Higher end multitexture hardware can avoid using the painter algorithm altogether .
Each window intersecting the screen region of interest would be bound as a separate texture .
You would then draw polygons to the screen representing the windows .
These polygons would have appropriate texture coords at the polygon vertices for each window / texture , then the texture combiner hardware would combine all the windows / textures together and produce the expected result .
In an extreme case , the entire screen could be redrawn by rendering a single multi-textured rectangle !
This technique is extremely fast , you may not even need double buffering since the flicker is minimal .
Multi-texturing a complete desktop is probably beyond today 's hardware , but this is an area which is rapidly improving with each generation of hardware .
Xgl implements the composite model .
Although not required , Xgl will make use of a new OpenGL feature , framebuffer objects .
With an extension to OpenGL , FBO ’s would allow very efficient sharing of the offscreen application windows with the windowing manager .
The extension is not that hard , we already share pbuffers across processes .
To an application , FBO ’s look like a normal drawing window .
To the windowing manager , the windows look like textures and can be manipulated with normal drawing commands like multitexture .
In this model the application windows are still 2D , but now it is possible to write an OpenGL based windowing manger like Luminosity .
An OpenGL based window manger can combine windows using the Z buffer and remove the limits of strict 2D Z order .
For example , a window can be transformed into a wave and repeatedly intersect another window .
Finally you can remove the 2D limitations on application windows and give them thickness or other 3D shapes .
For example , a pop - up menu really could pop-up in higher 3D coordinates .
When you combine this with a lighting source , drop shadows appear naturally instead of being artificially constructed as in 2D .
Drawing good looking shadows is complex , but the task is made much easier given the capabilities of OpenGL .
Sun ’s Project Looking Glass is this type of window manager .
Window thickness is demonstrated in the Looking Glass demo video .
Looking Glass runs existing X applications using a rootless X server .
The windows and then given thickness and combine with true 3D applications like the CD changer demo .
The concept of a 3D desktop is not that strange .
We have had a 3D desktop ever since we moved away from tiled windows in Windows 1.0 to overlapping ones - once Z order was introduced the desktop became a non-perspective 3D space .
3D concepts are all over the desktop , look at menus and pop-ups .
A big reason for implementing composite was to provide drop shadows , which are obviously a 2D representation of a 3D space .
Even controls like buttons are made to look 3D via 2D simulation .
Why not draw them in 3D and let the user control the light source ?
Window translucency obviously involves 3D concepts .
Why do n’t we just admit that the the desktop is a 3D space and use 3D graphics to draw it ?
Drawing the line
There ’s been some debate on this topic .
Linux really only has one choice for making an open source transition to a GPU based desktop - the Mesa OpenGL implementation .
Sure we could clone DirectX , but who is going to write all of that code and drivers ?
OpenGL is not a bad choice .
Its a requirement to have it on Linux no matter what we build .
It is standardized and controlled by an ARB ( architecture review board ) .
It is well designed and well documented .
It is in wide spread distribution and use .
Colleges teach classes on it and many books have been written about it .
Cool apps and games run on it .
At what level should the graphics device driver line be drawn ?
XAA and fbdev draw the line at a low level .
These APIs concern themselves with pixels in the framebuffer , bitblit , and maybe line drawing .
Any features offered by the graphics chips about this level are either inaccessible or need chip specific API escapes to access .
The Xgl implementation draws the line in a very different way .
The line is drawn at an extremely high level of the OpenGL API itself .
I believe the Xgl approach is the better choice .
You want to draw the line way above the feature set currently implemented in silicon in order to allow the silicon room to evolve without disrupting the API .
I do n’t believe Linux would benefit from running through lots of APIs like DirectX did .
The better model is to start really high level , provide the reference software implementation , Mesa , and then replace pieces of Mesa with accelerated hardware implementations , DRI .
We also have multiple OpenGL implementations : Mesa , Nvidia and ATI .
Which one you use is your choice , believe it or not some people like the proprietary drivers .
Xgl was designed as a near term transition solution .
The Xgl model was to transparently replace the drawing system of the existing X server with a compatible one based on using OpenGL as a device driver .
Xgl maintained all of the existing X APIs as primary APIs .
No new X APIs were offered and none were deprecated .
Xgl is a high level , cross platform code base .
Is is generic code and needs to be ported to a specific OpenGL environment .
One port , Xglx , exists for the GLX API .
Another port , Xegl works on the cross platform EGL API .
Note that EGL is a platform independent way of expressing the GLX , agl and wgl APIs .
With the Mesa extensions EGL can control the low level framebuffer .
This combination provides everything needed to implement a windowing system ( like the current X server ) on bare video hardware .
But Xgl was a near term , transition design , by delaying demand for Xgl the EXA bandaid removes much of the need for it .
An argument that comes up over and over is that we should not use OpenGL because of all the older hardware in use in the developing world .
There are two solutions to this problem .
First , OpenGL is a scalable API .
Via software fallbacks it is capable of running on the lowest level hardware .
OpenGL ES also provides API profiles .
Profiles are well defined subsets of the OpenGL API .
If needed we could define a minimal profile covering the smallest possible OpenGL API .
Code size should not be a problem , a proprietary 100KB OpenGL ES implementation is available .
Another OpenGL ES profile does not require floating point support .
Nothing is stopping open source equivalents from being built if we choose to spend the resources .
The other argument is to simply run software that was designed to work on the hardware in use .
No one expects an original IBM PC to run Windows Longhorn but the same PC continues to run DOS without problems .
The key point here is that OpenGL is more scalable that EXA .
EXA scalability is broken at the high end , it does not cover advanced GPU features like 3D and programmability .
With OpenGL it is possible to have a single API all the way from a cell phone to a supercomputer .
Stacking the Blocks
That ’s a lot of acronyms to digest all at once .
How about some examples on how the libraries work together :
App -> gtk+ -> X -> XAA -> hw
This is the current X server .
Application talks to toolkit which uses the xlib API for the X server .
The X server draws on the hardware with the current XAA drivers .
X and the application are in two different processes .
App -> gtk+ -> Cairo -> X Render -> X -> XAA/EXA -> hw
Toolkit using the new Cairo library .
Cairo depends on X Render .
If EXA is available X Render is accelerated .
X and the application are in two different processes .
App -> qt -> Arthur -> X Render -> X -> XAA/EXA -> hw
Arthur is the Trolltech equivalent to Cairo , it behaves pretty much the same .
App -> gtk+ -> Cairo -> glitz -> GL -> hw
Toolkit using the new Cairo library .
Cairo choses the glitz backend for OpenGL based direct rendering .
Everything is accelerated and drawn from a single process due to direct rendered OpenGL .
App -> gtk+ -> Cairo -> X Render -> Xgl -> EGL ( standalone ) -> GL -> hw
In this case , the toolkit chose the xlib backend for Cairo and talks to the Xegl server with X Render .
Xegl uses glitz to provide it ’s render implementation .
Glitz will direct render to the hardware .
Xegl and the application are in two different processes .
Note that the toolkit could have chosen to use glitz directly and direct rendered from a single process .
App -> gtk+ -> Cairo -> X Render -> Xgl -> GLX ( X ) -> GL ->
hw
Toolkit is again talking X render to the Xglx sever .
Xglx is not a standalone server , it is a nested server .
Xglx is not a normal nested server , it uses nesting for input but it draws it ’s entire desktop inside a single OpenGL window supplied by the parent server .
If you go full screen you ca n’t see the parent server anymore .
There are three processes , the app , Xglx and X server .
The drawing happens between the app and Xglx due to Xglx using direct rendering .
The third process , the X server is involved since it is providing the window and input .
It also hosts the Xglx app .
A Future Direction
Linux is now guaranteed to be the last major desktop to implement a desktop GUI that takes full advantage of the GPU .
Given that there is no longer any time pressure , perhaps a longer term solution is in order .
We could design a new server based around OpenGL and Cairo .
In general , the whole concept of programmable graphics hardware is not addressed in APIs like xlib and Cairo .
This is a very important point .
A major new GPU feature , programmability is simply not accessible from the current X APIs .
OpenGL exposes this programmability via its shader language .
When considering a new server be sure to split the conceptual design into two components : platform specific and platform independent .
Device drivers are platform specific , in the proposed model OpenGL is considered a device driver so it will have a platform specific implementation .
All of the issues of integration with other Linux subsystems will be hidden inside the appropriate drivers .
The main server will be implemented using the cross platform APIs like sockets , OpenGL and EGL .
A cross platform API for hotpluggable devices will need to be specified .
The server would not need to be designed from scratch .
Substantial portions of code could be reused from other projects and would be combined in new ways .
From what I can see , 95 percent or more of the code needed for a new server already exists .
Modularization is key to making a good server .
The design should be split into isolated libraries that communicate via standard interfaces .
Splitting things this way makes it easy to replace a library .
You may have completely different implementations of a library on different platforms , or there may be multiple ways to implement the library on a single platform .
Of course , cross platform code has its advantages .
Things like the Mesa library can be shared by all target systems .
Remember how DirectFB uses rootless X ?
The new server would run rootless X with software rendering to achieve legacy compatibility .
The direct rendering model of DRI is a good design and should be retained in future servers .
Moving X to a legacy mode allows complete freedom in a new server design .
For example , the new server can design a new networking protocol .
The recent Linux Journal article about No Machine and the NX protocol shows that the X protocol can be compressed 200:1 or more .
The new protocol would be OpenGL based and be designed to avoid round trip latencies and to provide a persistent image cache .
Chromium is an interesting system that supports splitting OpenGL display over multiple monitors connected by a network .
Their network library does OpenGL state tracking as one way of avoiding network traffic .
The glyph cache should also be analyzed .
In the current X server , the client generates the glyph bitmaps and sends them to the server where they are cached .
This model precludes GPU generated glyphs are described in the paper referenced earlier .
Client - side fonts are a good idea .
The application should definitely be in charge of layout .
But there is no real requirement for the client side generation of glyph bitmaps .
In the case of the scalable GPU generated fonts , more data than a simple bitmap needs to be sent to the server .
A new server could address current deficiencies in network sound and printing .
It could support the appropriate proxying needed to reattach sessions .
Is should definitely be designed to support multiuser from the beginning .
Event handling is a good example of building things with libraries .
Linux has evdev , kernel hotplug , HAL and D - BUS .
These subsystems do n’t exist on most other platforms .
Because of this , an input subsystem for BSD would look very different than one designed for Linux .
Making the major subsystems modular lets them be customized and make full use of the environment they run in .
This is a different approach than designing to the least common denominator between environments .
X is used by various intelligence agencies around the world .
The current X server is known not to be secure enough for use on sensitive documents .
If major design work were to happen , it could be built from the ground up with security in mind .
Some appropriate funding would go a long ways in making sure the right features get implemented .
In the short term , there are big things that need to be done and recent development has started to address these issues .
Number one is a memory manager for DRM and the rework needed to enable FBO ( framebuffer objects ) in the DRI drivers .
Number two is clean up the fbdev drivers corresponding to the hardware we have DRM drivers for .
With the ground work in place , work on a new server design could begin .
Conclusion
My experience with the failure of Xegl has taught me that building a graphics subsystem is a large and complicated job , far too large for one or two people to tackle .
As a whole , the X.org community barely has enough resources to build a single server .
Splitting these resources over many paths only results in piles of half finished projects .
I know developers prefer working on whatever interests them , but given the resources available to X.org , this approach will not yield a new server or even a fully - competitive desktop based on the old server in the near term .
Maybe it is time for X.org to work out a roadmap for all to follow .
Jon Smirl
August 30 , 2005
Permission is granted to freely translate and republish .
ACLU Client Disheartened by Government Deceit
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : media@aclu.org
NEW YORK - American Civil Liberties Union client George Christian expressed dismay today in response to reports that Attorney General Alberto Gonzales lied to Congress about his knowledge of national security letter surveillance abuses in order to make a case for reauthorization of the Patriot Act in 2005 .
Gonzales testified that he was unaware of civil liberties abuses having occurred with regard to the use of NSLs , but reports today indicate that internal FBI documents show that he was , in fact , notified of NSL abuses .
The ACLU has challenged NSLs on behalf of NSL recipients in two separate cases .
In cases in Connecticut and New York , lower courts ruled that the NSL provision of the Patriot Act violates Americans ' constitutional rights .
This provision permits the FBI to demand , without court approval , records of people who are not suspected of any wrongdoing .
The law gives the FBI the authority to prohibit people who receive NSLs from disclosing even the mere fact that the FBI demanded information from them .
George Christian is a Connecticut librarian who received an NSL demanding patrons ' records .
The NSL prohibited Christian and his colleagues from talking about the NSL .
With the ACLU 's help , Christian and his colleagues successfully challenged the gag order .
The following may be attributed to Christian :
" Having experienced first - hand the impact of the government 's abuse of surveillance powers , it is particularly disheartening to learn more and more about the deceit surrounding that abuse .
I and my colleagues were fortunate enough to have the gag order against us lifted , but thousands more believed to have received national security letters are not so lucky , and must suffer the injustice in silence .
It 's bad enough that these abuses occur , but salt is added to the wound when the top law enforcement agent in the country knows about the abuses , does nothing to correct them , and then plays ignorant when confronted with them . "
The ACLU currently represents another NSL recipient — an Internet service provider — in a challenge pending before the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York .
In this case , the ACLU 's client has been under a gag order for more than three years .
A hearing is scheduled before U.S. District Judge Victor Marrero on August 15 in Doe v. Gonzales .
At the hearing , the ACLU will argue that the NSL statute 's gag provisions violate the First Amendment .
In related litigation , the ACLU filed a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit in June to force the Department of Defense and the CIA to turn over documents concerning their use of NSLs in the face of evidence that those agencies are possibly playing an expanded and perhaps unauthorized role in domestic intelligence gathering .
Police raided the terraced house in Darlington
Durham Police discovered the bizarre sect after raiding a home in the area , after receiving complaints that a woman was being held against her will .
But a spokesman said the Canadian was a willing participant and the other people involved were consenting adults .
The group , called Kaotians , follow the Chronicles of Gor novels which depict a society where women are dominated .
The 29 - year - old woman is said to have voluntarily attended the sect after finding out about it over the internet .
She later contacted a friend in United States , who then contacted the police , saying she wanted to leave but could n't as she had burnt her passport and return ticket .
But a police spokesman said upon arriving at the premises they did not find any evidence of " criminal offences " .
' Own choice '
Police also investigated claims by a father in Essex his 18 - year - old son had joined the sect .
However police also found the teenager was at the property voluntarily and they had no grounds to get involved .
We do n't hurt anyone , we do n't damage anyone , everyone 's consensual
Lee Thompson
Lee Thompson , 31 , says he is the " master " who trains the slaves at the Darlington address .
He said the women who act as slaves " do so by their own choice " .
" We 're just a group of people that live a different lifestyle , I mean there 's nothing wrong with that , " he told BBC News .
" We do n't hurt anyone , we do n't damage anyone , everyone 's consensual . "
Members of the group based their lives on " a dominant submissive point of view " , he said .
" It 's one thing that everyone 's missed out on so far is , even in our organisation , if that 's what you want to call it , women can be free and they can be dominant , we do n't stop that , " he added .
" But the majority of women in our organisation are obviously slaves because women have a submissive streak in them . "
Mr Thompson says up to 350 followers regularly meet in pubs and clubs around the North East , in an area from Berwick to York .
Kaotians are a splinter group of the Goreans , which base their beliefs on novels written by American university professor John Norman .
The books are set on the quasi-medieval planet of Gor , which has a caste system and uses women as slaves .
There are an estimated 25,000 Goreans worldwide .
Mike McCurry : Will You Pay Google 's Bandwidth Bills For The Rest Of This Year ?
from the worth - asking dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
We 've already covered how much dishonesty there is in the network neutrality debate -- often involving editorial pieces in major newspapers penned by lobbyists .
In almost every case , those editorials are n't just misleading , they include flat out lies .
Broadband Reports points us to the latest , written by Mike McCurry , who runs a lobbying effort funded by AT&T .
He 's written up an editorial for the Baltimore Sun that does n't bother to mention his lobbying duties , or who has funded them .
McCurry tries to make it seem as though the whole net neutrality thing is simply a ploy by Google to get " free " bandwidth .
He notes , derisively , that " a $ 117 billion company like Google wants legislation that would drive Internet prices higher . "
Of course , he does n't happen to mention that his viewpoint is funded by AT&T , who at close of business on Monday appears to be worth ( oh , look at that ) $ 117 billion as well .
While we 're not convinced legislation is the right solution ( it 's focused on the wrong thing , first of all ) , it 's extremely worrisome that the telcos and their friends keep resorting to trotting out lies .
There are plenty of legitimate reasons to not support the various laws as written , but this constant string of lies certainly suggests that the telcos recognize their position is pretty weak .
However , rather than just accepting the rhetoric on both sides , should n't we call the lies out ?
Among the whoppers in the editorial : That 's a flat out lie .
Google pays tremendously large bandwidth bills , and the more they use the more they pay .
However , if McCurry is going to pretend Google " never [ has ] to pay a dime no matter how much bandwidth they use , " let 's see him put up or shut up .
If McCurry really believes that , will he agree to pay Google 's bandwidth bills for the rest of this year ?
We 're sure Google would have no problem having McCurry contribute -- but we doubt he can actually afford their bandwidth bill .
Still , if he 's so concerned about his own bill from playing Solitaire , we 're also quite sure that Google would simply trade him .
So , come on , Mike , why wo n't you trade bandwidth bills with Google ?
According to you , you would n't have to pay a dime ...
It ’s amazing to see the before and after shots of celebrities who have been airbrushed .
And Madonna has been no exception .
Touted for having a body of a 25 year old instead of a 47 year old , it seems she isnâ€™t so “ young ” after all .
Want to tell how old someone is when you meet them in real life ?
You can usually tell by the knees , hands and even the neck .
Turkey neck anyone ?
This all reminds me of Sarah Jessica Parker , just compare the first season of Sex in the City with the last one .
She looks much older ( and has much worse skin ) in the early episodes than the last ones .
They must have been able to afford a make up artist who owns a shovel to shovel on the concealer .
You should see her latest magazine cover .
Talk about a shocker .
Exclusive Bruised by a resurgent Intel , AMD wishes it had tackled the four - core era with a different approach .
The chipmaker stands behind the technical merits of pumping out a so - called native four - core chip with all four cores on the same piece of silicon .
It , however , admits that Intel gained a major marketing edge by melding a pair of dual - core processors with a multi-chip module ( MCM ) when it released the " Clovertown " version of Xeon last year .
That four - core chip allowed Intel to claim a server processor technology milestone ahead of AMD for the first time in about three years .
“ If I could do something different , I wish we would have immediately done a MCM - two dual cores and call it a quad - core , ” said Mario Rivas , an EVP at AMD , during a recent interview in Austin , “ because , I guess , the market sucks it up . ”
Before Clovertown , AMD enjoyed one of the more remarkable runs in server chip marketing and production .
It beat Intel to 64 - bit extensions for x86 chips and then nailed the release of mainstream , dual - core chips .
Besides hitting these milestones , AMD clobbered Intel ’s Xeon on overall performance and performance per watt - two of the server world ’s favored metrics .
While a high - end part such as Clovertown misses the mainstream , it has proved popular enough with the most demanding customers and analysts to toss the technology and marketing edge back toward Intel .
Recent sales figures show that Intel has regained server processor share from AMD , and Intel has shown leading performance on a wide variety of benchmarks .
So , AMD is going retro with its upcoming release of the four - core Barcelona chip , hoping to tap into the momentum of yesteryear .
“ Barcelona is as much of event in the x86 world as Opteron was when we launched it , ” Rivas said .
Other AMD executives have used this line in recent months , although we ’re not sure the pitch fits .
The release of Opteron , as mentioned , gave AMD the first 64 - bit x86 chip .
More importantly , it turned AMD into a real contender in the server market for the first time .
Barcelona seems like less of a game changer .
At the most basic level , it ’s simply a better performing chip than today ’s dual - core Opterons .
AMD expects the processor to provide a 40 per cent surge on most software loads and a much higher boost on floating point - heavy software .
Best of all , the chip slides right into existing systems .
AMD hopes to continue the socket compatibility with the four - core follow - on to Barcelona called Shanghai and the eight - core follow - on Montreal - a tidbit you may consider a Register exclusive .
El Reg : Will the upcoming chips Shanghai and Montreal be socket compatible as well ?
MR : Yes .
That ’s the goal .
We have not released detailed specs that I know of on those two devices , but that ( strategy ) has served us well .
Rivas declined to discuss what might happen with Bulldozer - meant to be a native eight - core chip - but hinted that “ we have analyst day coming up , and I do n’t want to share any more than I have to ( before that ) . ”
These are rare photos of the flood happened in Moscow at 1908 .
Just listen and laugh .
This is absolutely priceless .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Student bakes pot brownies and takes them on his field trip .
Students reportedly mentioned feeling " sick " .
lol ...
Verizon is arguing that it can violate Americans ' first amendment rights and turn over phone records to the federal government because their first amendment rights permit them to exercise their free speech and do so .
arstechnica.com :
Verizon is one of the phone companies currently being sued over its alleged disclosure of customer phone records to the NSA .
In a response to the court last week , the company asked for the entire consolidated case against it to be thrown out — on free speech grounds .
The response also alleges that the case should be thrown out because even looking into the issue could violate state secrets , of course , but a much longer section of the response tries to make the case that Verizon has a First Amendment right to " petition " the government .
" Based on plaintiffs ' own allegations , defendants ' right to communicate such information to the government is fully protected by the Free Speech and Petition Clauses of the First Amendment , " argue Verizon 's lawyers .
Novak : Former
Rove aide seeks immunity to testify in House Abramoff probe RAW STORY
Published : Thursday May 17 , 2007 Print This Email
This A former top aide to White House adviser Karl Rove is seeking immunity to testify before a Congressional committee investigating government corruption surrounding convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff , columnist Robert Novak reports today .
Susan Ralston , Rove 's former executive assistant , is seeking immunity based on the advice of her lawyers before testifying before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Novak reports .
Novak says that Ralston told a Republican on the committee of her plans and he was told by another GOP committee member .
Before joining Rove at the White House in 2001 , Ralston was Abramoff 's assistant , and he recommended Rove hire her .
A committee spokesperson did not immediately return calls seeking comment on the report .
Ralston already has participated in a closed - door deposition before the committee , chaired by Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) , and Novak reports her request for immunity could be based more on a desire for self - protection than to provide cover to nail her former boss .
Democrats have long suspected Rove 's involvement in any number of recent scandals -- from the outing of CIA agent Valerie Plame to the allegedly political firings of US Attorneys -- but so far have been unable to bring him down .
They will try again with Ralston 's testimony .
Ralston was in frequent contact with Abramoff and his lobbying team during her time at the White House , tipping them off to upcoming political appointments and helping the lobbyists access White House officials , according to a report by the House committee released last year .
She exchanged at least 69 e-mails and other contacts with Abramoff and his team , and she was given tickets to concerts or sporting events at least nine times .
In one e-mail to Ralston , Abramoff asks about getting " a meeting or quick phone call with Karl " regarding filling political appointments .
In 2005 , Ralston testified before a Grand Jury convened to investigate the Plame leak .
Vice Presidential aide Scooter Libby was convicted of perjury as a result of the probe , but Rove -- who Novak has said was his second source for the original column outing Plame -- emerged unscathed .
EXCERPTS FROM NOVAK'S COLUMN : # She was an assistant to Jack Abramoff , Washington super - lobbyist and Republican fundraiser , in 2001 when he recommended her for the top job with Rove as he entered the White House .
As Rove 's gatekeeper , Susan Bonzon Ralston became special assistant to the president and the highest - ranking Filipino American in the administration .
For Waxman , she is a link between the disgraced , imprisoned Abramoff and Rove , a principal political target of the Democratic - controlled Congress .
As chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Waxman is tirelessly making life miserable for a confused administration during George W. Bush 's last two years as president .
Bringing down Rove ranks high on Grand Inquisitor Waxman 's agenda .
But Ralston appears to be seeking immunity for self - protection rather than nailing her former boss , and she could be a blank fired by the fierce political marksman from westside Los Angeles .
Rove , the hard - edged architect of two victorious presidential campaigns , was in the Democratic cross hairs long before the Republicans lost control of Congress .
Democrats were bitterly disappointed when he was not indicted in the Valerie Plame CIA leak case ( when Ralston was among the grand jury witnesses ) .
They have targeted Rove in investigating the dismissal of U.S. attorneys , and Waxman 's committee sought testimony from Ralston about Rove 's e-mails .
She was deposed behind closed doors last month before her request for immunity .
Ralston told one Republican on the committee last week that her lawyers wanted her to seek immunity , and another GOP committee member told me she is doing so .
According to her friends , she has nothing to say that would cause problems for Rove .
Her request for immunity , they explained , resulted from caution by her attorneys .
It was forwarded to the Justice Department , whose recommendation may or may not be followed by Congress .
# FULL ARTICLE CAN BE READ HERE
Seattle Times
D.C. Dems want to stop legislative impeachment talk
Posted by David Postman at 06:55 AM
Sen .
Patty Murray and Congressman Jay Inslee are lobbying legislators to cancel this week ’s hearing on a resolution calling on Congress to investigate and consider impeaching President George Bush .
Inslee and Murray , both Democrats who voted against the war , think state lawmakers holding hearings and voting on impeachment is a distraction …
( More )
Factor has a couple of different ways of automatically generating code .
One of these is ' parsing words ' .
These are words that get run at parse time and can generate code that then gets compiled .
I used this approach in the 8080 emulator to parse a domain specific language into Factor code :
INSTRUCTION : LD SP , HL ; opcode F9 cycles 06
Another approach is compiler transforms .
These are similar to Common Lisp 's define - compiler - macro construct .
They apply at compile time , producing code that gets run if the word is compiled .
If the word is interpreted ( ie. cannot be compiled ) then the transformed code is not run .
Concatenative languages have combinators that can be used to run quotations in different ways on the stack .
Words that have stack effects that vary depending on the words inputs are considered bad style and in Factor can not be compiled .
Instead they get run by the interpreter which leads to slower code .
This leads to combinator words named like ' each - with ' , ' each - with2 ' , ' each - with3 ' , etc .
Where the word performs the same basic action ( iterate over a sequence calling a quotation on each item in it ) but with a slight variation ( the quotation also has access to ' n ' number of items below the stack ) .
Most Factor combinators are implemented for up to 3 stack arguments since it 's considered good style to not deal with more than 3 .
Sometimes though you need an ' each - with4 ' or ' map - with3 ' and they are n't available in the standard library .
They can be difficult to implement correctly too .
Ideally I 'd like a ' map - with ' that takes the number on the stack .
So these would be equivalent :
2 3 { 1 2 3 } [ * * ] map - with2 2 3 { 1 2 3 } [ * * ] 2 map - withn
Compiler transforms allows us to write code like this that transforms at compile time to code that can be compiled .
By writing combinators in this form it allows efficient implementation of the common cases but allows falling back to the times when you need access to more stack items without having to write your own combinator .
For the example here I 'm implementing ' dip ' .
This is a word from the Joy language that removes the topmost item on the stack , calls a quotation , then restores that item :
1 2 [ 5 + ] dip => 6 2 1 2 3 [ drop ] dip => 1 3
Joy has ' dip ' , ' dipd ' and ' dipdd ' where the latter two remove 2 and 3 items from the stack respectively , call the quotation and restore them .
Instead of writing separate implementations for these words I wrote one ' ndip ' word which takes the number on the stack and does any number of ' dip ' variants .
So ' dip ' is ' 1 ndip ' , dipd is ' 2 ndip ' and dipdd is ' 3 ndip '. ' 4 ndip ' and up is also catered for .
A simple implementation of ' ndip ' wo n't compile as it has a variable stack effect depending on the inputs .
To make a version that can compile I use compiler transforms .
The first step is to write a word that generates the quotation that when called will do what ' ndip ' should :
: [ ndip ] ( n -- quot ) [ dup [ [ swap >r ] % ] times \ call , [ \ r> , ] times ] [ ] make ;
Some examples of calling this word and the results are :
1 [ ndip ] => [ swap >r call r> ] 2 [ ndip ] => [ swap >r swap >r call r> r > ]
' ndip ' itself can be implemented using this as :
: ndip ( quot n -- ) [ ndip ] call ; inline
This will work but is inefficient as it generates a quotation on each call and cannot be compiled :
: foo ( a b -- b ) [ drop ] 1 ndip ; 1 2 foo => 2 \ foo try - compile \ foo compiled ? => f
Compiler transforms are used to make ' ndip ' compile .
This is the transform for ' ndip ' :
\ ndip 1 [ [ ndip ] ] define - transform
This causes the quotation produced by [ ndip ] to be generated at compile time and used for the call to ' ndip ' .
If for some reason it can't be compiled ( due to the quotation being passed to ' ndip ' using constructs like i/o or continuations ) then it falls back to the interpreted ' ndip ' definition .
Now the code works compiled :
: foo ( a b -- b ) [ drop ] 1 ndip ; 1 2 foo => 2 \ foo try - compile \ foo compiled ? => t
For it to compile the number passed to ' ndip ' must be a literal .
If it is not , then the interpreted definition of ' ndip ' is again used .
This means ' ndip ' works in all cases and compiles when it can .
Now ' dip , ' dipd ' , etc can be defined in terms of ' ndip ' :
: dip 1 ndip ; inline : dipd 2 ndip ; inline : dipdd 3 ndip ; inline
Should the user ever need a dipddddddd then they can just do an ' 8 ndip ' as needed - no need to write a special case combinator .
One advantage of compiler transforms over parsing words is that a ' see ' on the the ' dip ' word shows the ' ndip ' call .
If we generated the code using a parsing word then ' see ' would see the result of the parsing words generated code .
Ideally I 'd like to write ' each - with ' , ' map - with ' , etc in terms of comnbinators like this to make the one off cases of needing ' map - with6 ' or ' kee p4 ' easy to deal with .
They do n't often come up but when they do it 's hard to work around .
They most commonly occur when dealing with non Factor code like Win32 api calls .
Many of these API calls have large numbers of input and output parameters which can be hard to deal with .
Sometimes you can work around it with good word design but it makes sense to me to have the Factor compiler do the work of generating all the possible cases when I need them rather than me handing coding them .
I 've put ' ndip ' in ' libs / shuffle ' and will add any others there .
BBC :
Twenty - six Americans and six Italians are accused of kidnapping an Egyptian terror suspect and sending him to Egypt , where he was allegedly tortured .
The Americans - most believed to be CIA agents - will be tried in absentia .
Italy has not announced if it will seek their extradition to the Milan trial .
US President George W Bush will arrive in Italy hours after the trial opens .[..]
Italy 's government has asked the country 's highest court to set aside the rendition trial , saying prosecution documents will break state secrecy laws and damage relations with the CIA .[..]
One of the surprise witnesses in the case will be Philip Morse - one of the minority owners of the US baseball team the Boston Red Sox , says the BBC's Christian Fraser in Rome .
It is alleged that his Gulfstream jet was used by the CIA to fly Abu Omar out of Italy , says our correspondent .
Transformers Game Nabs Original Voice Actors
Frank Welker and Peter Cullin reprise their Megatron and Optimus Prime voice roles for new Transformers videogame .
Activision has announced their plans to pull off the voice - over reunion that we geeks have been waiting for — one that Michael Bay apparently could not ( or for some unknown reason , chose not to ) .
The company has signed on both Peter Cullen and Frank Welker to reprise their respective voice roles as Optimus Prime and Megatron — the diametrically opposed leaders of the transforming Autobots and Decepticons — for their upcoming project , Transformers : The Game , an adaptation of the DreamWorks and Paramount Pictures movie Transformers , which will be hitting theaters on July 4th .
As Transformers fans , we knew the importance of having the well - known voices of Optimus Prime and Megatron in the game , said Laird Malamed , Activision ’s production head .
Mr. Malamed is sooo totally right !
I mean , why the hell would you go through the trouble of signing the original voice of ‘ Optimus ’ and not also lock - down ‘ Megatron ’ too ?
It just makes very little sense to me .
What ’s up with that Mr. Bay ?
( Hugo Weaving has been cast as the voice of Megatron in the live - action feature . )
Sure , everyone and their monkey recalls Cullen ’s ubiquitous “ Autobots , roll out ! ” but for my money without it being balanced by Welker ’s “ It ’s over , Prime ! ” , any victory over the Decepticons would seem a hollow one .
For more info on the game , check out the game ’s official Web site : www.transformersgame.com
Source : GameSpot
Go over to MSNBC and vote .
429,860 votes so far with 88 % saying yes .
Of course this is unscientific , but the numbers are astounding nonetheless .
For a little context , check out what the polls said for Clinton and what they 're now saying for Bush .
Wow .
To get an idea of how it work , check out this book : The Case for Impeachment : The Legal Argument for Removing President George W. Bush from Office
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Amanda * is a big , lively girl with a round face , a quick wit , and a sharp tongue .
She ’s 13 and in eighth grade at Dessau Middle School in Pflugerville , Texas , an Austin suburb , but could pass for several years older .
She is the second of four daughters of Chad and Malika , an African American couple who run a struggling business taking people on casino bus trips .
In the early part of seventh grade , Amanda was a B and C student who “ got in trouble for running my mouth . ”
Sometimes her antics went overboard — like the time she barked at a teacher she thought was ugly .
“ I was calling this teacher a man because she had a mustache , ” Amanda recalled over breakfast with her parents at an Austin restaurant .
School officials considered Amanda disruptive , deemed her to have an “ oppositional disorder , ” and placed her in a special education track .
Her parents viewed her as a spirited child who was bright but had a tendency to argue and clown .
Then one day , psychologists from the University of Texas ( UT ) visited the school to conduct a mental health screening for sixth - and seventh - grade girls , and Amanda ’s life took a dramatic turn .
A few weeks later , the family got a “ Dear parents ” form letter from the head of the screening program .
“ You will be glad to know your daughter did not report experiencing a significant level of distress , ” it said .
Not long after , they got a very different phone call from a UT psychologist , who told them Amanda had scored high on a suicide rating and needed further evaluation .
The family reluctantly agreed to have Amanda see a UT consulting psychiatrist .
She concluded Amanda was suicidal but did not hospitalize her , referring her instead to an emergency clinic for further evaluation .
Six weeks later , in January 2004 , a child - protection worker went to Amanda ’s school , interviewed her , then summoned her father to the school and told him to take Amanda to Austin State Hospital , a state mental facility .
He refused , and after a heated conversation , she placed Amanda in emergency custody and had a police officer drive her to the hospital .
The family would not be allowed to see or even speak to their daughter for the next five months , and Amanda would spend a total of nine months in a state psychiatric hospital and residential treatment facilities .
While in the hospital , she was placed in restraints more than 26 times and medicated — against her will and without her parents ’ consent — with at least 12 different psychiatric drugs , many of them simultaneously .
On her second day at the state hospital , Amanda says she was told to take a pill to “ help my mood swings . ”
She refused and hid under her bed .
She says staff members pulled her out by her legs , then told her if she took her medication , she ’d be able to go home sooner .
She took it .
On another occasion , she “ cheeked ” a pill and later tossed it into the garbage .
She says that after staff members found it , five of them came to her room , one holding a needle .
“ I started struggling , and they held my head down and shot me in the butt , ” she says .
“ Then they left and I lay in my bed crying . ”
What , if anything , was wrong with Amanda remains cloudy .
Court documents and medical records indicate that she would say she was suicidal or that her father beat her , and then she would recant .
( Her attorney attributes such statements to the high dosages of psychotropic drugs she was forcibly put on . )
Her clinical diagnosis was just as changeable .
During two months at Austin State Hospital , Amanda was diagnosed with “ depressive disorder not otherwise specified , ” “ mood disorder not otherwise specified with psychotic features , ” and “ major depression with psychotic features . ”
In addition to the antidepressants Zoloft , Celexa , Lexapro , and Desyrel , as well as Ativan , an antianxiety drug , Amanda was given two newer drugs known as “ atypical antipsychotics ” — Geodon and Abilify — plus an older antipsychotic , Haldol .
She was also given the anticonvulsants Trileptal and Depakote — though she was not suffering from a seizure disorder — and Cogentin , an anti-Parkinson ’s drug also used to control the side effects of antipsychotic drugs .
At the time of her transfer to a residential facility , she was on five different medications , and once there , she was put on still another atypical — Risperdal .
Amanda ’s case raises troubling — and long - standing — questions about the coercive uses of psychiatric medications in Texas and elsewhere .
But especially because Amanda lives in Texas , and because her commitment was involuntary , she became vulnerable to an even further hazard : aggressive drug regimens that feature new and controversial drugs — regimens that are promoted by drug companies , mandated by state governments , and imposed on captive patient populations with no say over what ’s prescribed to them .
In the past , drug companies sold their new products to doctors through ads and articles in medical journals or , in recent years , by wooing consumers directly through television and magazine advertising .
Starting in the mid-1990s , though , the companies also began to focus on a powerful market force : the handful of state officials who govern prescribing for large public systems like state mental hospitals , prisons , and government - funded clinics .
One way drug companies have worked to influence prescribing practices of these public institutions is by funding the implementation of guidelines , or algorithms , that spell out which drugs should be used for different psychiatric conditions , much as other algorithms guide the treatment of diabetes or heart disease .
The effort began in the mid-1990s with the creation of TMAP — the Texas Medication Algorithm Project .
Put simply , the algorithm called for the newest , most expensive medications to be used first in the treatment of schizophrenia , bipolar disorder , and major depression in adults .
Subsequently , the state began developing CMAP , a children ’s algorithm that is not yet codified by the state legislature .
At least nine states have since adopted guidelines similar to TMAP .
One such state , Pennsylvania , has been sued by two of its own investigators who claim they were fired after exposing industry ’s undue influence over state prescribing practices and the resulting inappropriate medicating of patients , particularly children .
Thanks in part to such marketing strategies , sales of the new atypical antipsychotics have soared .
Unlike antidepressants — which have been marketed to huge audiences almost as lifestyle drugs — antipsychotics are aimed at a small but growing market : schizophrenics and people with bipolar disorder .
Atypicals are profitable because they are as much as 10 times more expensive than the old antipsychotics , such as Haldol .
In 2004 , atypical antipsychotics were the fourth - highest - grossing class of drugs in the United States , with sales totaling $ 8.8 billion — $ 2.4 billion of which was paid for by state Medicaid funds .
At a time when ethical questions are dogging the pharmaceutical industry and algorithm programs in Texas and Pennsylvania , President Bush ’s New Freedom Commission on Mental Health has lauded TMAP as a “ model program ” and called for the expanded use of screening programs like the one at Amanda ’s middle school .
The question now is whose interests do these programs really serve ?
THE TEXAS MEDICATION ALGORITHM PROJECT got under way in the mid-1990s just as the new generation of antipsychotic drugs was coming on the market .
For some 40 years before , medications like Thorazine , Haldol , and Mellaril were given to patients with schizophrenia or psychosis to silence their voices and calm their agitation .
But they caused terrible side effects , including sedation , social withdrawal , and tardive dyskinesia , which causes muscle and facial tics and strange jerking movements like those in people with Parkinson ’s disease .
Many patients would refuse to take them — when they had a choice .
Some sued drug companies and doctors for failing to warn them about the side effects and won large awards .
Into that environment , drug companies brought out the new atypical antipsychotics and began describing them in almost miraculous terms .
The drugs — including Janssen Pharmaceutica ’s Risperdal , Eli Lilly ’s Zyprexa , Pfizer ’s Geodon , AstraZeneca ’s Seroquel , and Bristol - Myers Squibb ’s Abilify , as well as a slightly older drug , Clozapine by Sandoz — were said to be more effective than the first - generation antipsychotics and less likely to cause motor problems and other side effects .
“ A potential breakthrough of tremendous magnitude , ” Stanford University psychiatrist Alan Schatzberg gushed to the New York Times .
Laurie Flynn , executive director of the National Alliance for the Mentally Ill , added that now “ the long - term disability of schizophrenia can come to an end . ”
Despite the hoopla , not all doctors immediately embraced the new drugs , and many patients bounced haphazardly between the old and new antipsychotics .
“ They complained that whenever they got new doctors , their whole medication regimen usually changed , ” says Dr. Steven Shon , the medical director for behavioral health for the Texas Department of State Health Services ( DSHS ) .
In 1995 , Shon began talking with researchers at the UT - Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas about the use of algorithms to address these random prescribing practices .
From the start , the process of creating the algorithms reflected the extensive ties between academic psychiatrists and the pharmaceutical industry .
UT - Southwestern was a major research center stocked with investigators conducting drug trials paid for by pharmaceutical companies .
One of Shon ’s key collaborators was Dr. John Rush , a nationally known psychopharmacologist who has extensive ties to industry .
Rush declined to speak for this article , but according to a disclosure statement appended to one of his published articles , he has received grant and research support from 14 pharmaceutical companies , has served as a consultant to 11 , and has been a member of 10 drug company speakers ’ bureaus .
Together , Shon , Rush , and the then - chair of UT - Southwestern ’s psychiatry department convened panels of experts who drew up “ consensus guidelines ” for schizophrenia , bipolar disorder , and major depression — blueprints on which drugs to give patients in what order and combination .
Of the 46 members of the three panels , 27 have conducted research on behalf of pharmaceutical companies , served on drug company speakers ’ bureaus , or served as consultants to a drug company , according to a review conducted for Mother Jones by the Center for Science in the Public Interest , a watchdog group that maintains a database on the financial links of researchers .
For the drug companies , TMAP represented an opportunity .
Their products were given a high priority in the algorithm , and if the algorithm was widely followed , it could mean thousands of prescriptions and millions of dollars in revenue .
The industry did n’t miss the chance .
“ We went to the pharmaceutical companies or , actually , they approached us because they are always dropping by , ” Shon told Mother Jones .
“ Once we created the algorithms , they said , ‘ Could you use any financial help for any materials ? ’
And we said , ‘ Yeah , ’ because we have to publish manuals .
We have to create training videotapes . ”
Shon says the initial creation of the TMAP guidelines was underwritten by state funds , along with $ 3 million in grants from foundations , including $ 2.4 million from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation , a charity set up by the estate of a former chief executive of Johnson & Johnson , the parent of Janssen .
Shon insists that no industry money went into the creation of the guidelines , though a 1999 paper he coauthored outlining the “ development and implementation ” of TMAP acknowledged grant support from seven pharmaceutical companies .
Shon also told Mother Jones that his department received only $ 285,000 from drug companies for TMAP ’s training materials in the program ’s “ feasibility testing stage . ”
But Nanci Wilson , an investigative reporter for KEYE - TV in Austin , reviewed the DSHS accounts , and her analysis indicates that gifts from pharmaceutical companies totaled $ 1.3 million from 1997 to July 2004 , at least $ 834,000 of which was earmarked for TMAP .
For example :
Janssen Pharmaceutica , the maker of Risperdal , gave $ 191,183 “ to help support further developmental activities of TMAP ” or in general support of TMAP .
Eli Lilly , the maker of Prozac and Zyprexa , gave $ 47,000 to “ help fund the collaborative effort to develop medication best practices for the treatment of major depression , schizophrenia and bipolar disorders . ”
All together Lilly contributed $ 103,000 to support TMAP .
Pfizer , the maker of the antidepressant Zoloft and the new antipsychotic Geodon , contributed at least $ 146,500 for TMAP .
While not refuting Shon ’s statement , DSHS spokesman Doug McBride says he is “ aware ” that industry donated $ 1.3 million .
Representatives of pharmaceutical companies contacted by Mother Jones denied that their contributions were intended to shape TMAP .
“ We did n’t participate in the development or influence the content , ” said Janssen spokesman Doug Arbesfeld .
“ It was an arm ’s - length contribution . ”
Heather Lusk , an Eli Lilly representative , said contributions to TMAP were “ educational ” grants made by a company grants office that “ is completely independent of any kind of sales and marketing function . ”
Pfizer ’s Jack
Cox pointed out that nonprofit mental health advocacy groups also raise and spend money to influence policy .
“ There ’s an assumption that our money is dirty and corrupt , ” he said .
“ I beg to differ . ”
AS THE TMAP PANEL MEMBERS worked on the protocols , drug companies aggressively promoted the new antipsychotics across the psychiatric landscape .
Their key selling point : that they were more effective and caused fewer serious side effects than the older antipsychotics , especially Haldol , the most widely used .
Though it did approve six atypicals , the FDA was dubious of some of these claims .
“ We would consider any advertisement or promotional labeling for Risperdal false , misleading or lacking fair balance … if there is a presentation of data that conveys the impression that [ Risperdal ] is superior to [ Haldol ] or any other marketed antipsychotic drug product with regard to safety or effectiveness , ” an FDA official wrote in a 1993 letter to Janssen Pharmaceutica .
But the letter was only made public years later , when journalist Robert Whitaker quoted it in his 2002 book , Mad in America .
Most prescribing doctors were left in the dark .
( For more on how drug companies manipulated clinical trials for atypicals see motherjones.com/spinningdoctors . )
The largest study to date , a review of 52 clinical trials including more than 12,000 patients published in the British Medical Journal in 2000 , found “ no clear evidence that atypical antipsychotics are more effective or better tolerated than conventional antipsychotics . ”
A 2003 study comparing Zyprexa , the top- selling atypical antipsychotic , and Haldol , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , found the new drug “ does not demonstrate advantages compared with [ Haldol ] … in compliance , symptoms … or overall quality of life . ”
The new drugs now appear to be associated with higher suicide rates and to cause tardive dyskinesia , too , though perhaps at lower rates than the first - generation drugs .
They can cause rapid weight gain and thus an increased risk of diabetes .
In September 2003 , the FDA required the makers of all atypicals to add to their labels a warning that the drugs can cause hyperglycemia , diabetes , and even death .
Janssen was also made to send doctors a letter conceding it had misled them when it said that Risperdal does not increase the risk of diabetes .
In fact , the company had to admit , it probably does .
When TMAP ’s schizophrenia algorithm was finalized in 1997 , however , it did exactly what industry representatives must have hoped for :
It called for the newest , most expensive drugs — five atypicals — to be used first .
If a patient does not respond well to one of those drugs , a second member of this group should be tried .
If that drug also fails , a third drug should be tried , this time either another atypical or an older antipsychotic .
The guidelines for major depression and bipolar disorder similarly favor new drugs .
“ When [ the drug companies ] saw the newer medications were there , they liked that , of course , ” says Shon .
“ I know that has raised questions in people ’s minds : ‘ Why are the newest , most expensive first ? ’
Well , the newest , most expensive are either the most efficacious and / or the safest . ”
But that assertion is increasingly disputed .
“ When atypicals came out , they looked a little better in effectiveness and a lot better in terms of side effects , ” says Mike Hogan , Ohio ’s mental health director and former chairman of President Bush ’s New Freedom Commission on Mental Health .
“ These days , they look perhaps a tiny bit better in terms of effectiveness , but increasingly it ’s not clear whether the side - effect profile is better or just different . ”
Ohio adopted a TMAP - like algorithm in 2001 but with a critical difference .
According to Hogan , it ’s merely a guideline for prescribing doctors to consider .
But in Texas , state officials put far more pressure on its physicians to follow the protocols .
Under regulations codified by the legislature in 1999 , doctors in state - owned and state - funded mental health entities must follow the algorithm , or justify a different course with a note in a patient ’s file — a hurdle that sends the message that such deviation should be the rare exception .
As the TMAP guidelines began to be adopted in 1997 , Texas Medicaid spending on the five atypical antipsychotics skyrocketed from $ 28 million to $ 177 million in 2004 .
MANY DOSES OF THESE DRUGS went to patients like Amanda .
She was one of 19,404 Texas teenagers prescribed an antipsychotic in July or August of 2004 through a publicly funded program , according to ACS - Heritage , a medical consulting firm hired by Texas to investigate the use of psychotropic drugs on children .
Nearly 98 percent were atypical antipsychotics — unapproved for children and prescribed “ off - label , ” a controversial practice in which doctors legally prescribe FDA - cleared drugs to patients , such as children , or for conditions , such as depression , for which they are not approved .
The report found that more than half of the doses for antipsychotics appeared inappropriately high , that almost half did not appear to have valid diagnoses warranting their use , and that one - third of child patients were on two or more medications .
When she was transferred from Austin State Hospital to a residential facility on March 18 , 2004 , Amanda was on five different medications , putting her on the extreme end of a growing practice known as polypharmacy that worries many doctors .
“ This is a complicated regimen using powerful psychotropic medications in a barely adolescent girl , so I would be quite concerned about it , ” says Dr. Joseph Woolston , a Yale University professor and chief of child psychiatry at Yale - New Haven Hospital .
“ It is n’t grossly , acutely dangerous , but it is sedating and would make it difficult for a child to experience the world in a normal way .
If you or I were on that regimen we would have a lot of trouble attending to work or school .
We do n’t have any idea what that combination of medications does to a developing child .
It may have a number of long - term side effects . ”
He also suspects that the drugs may have been used as much to control the angry reactions of a girl who was hospitalized against her will as to treat any mental and emotional problems .
Dr. Clifford Moy , clinical director of Austin State Hospital , says that while the hospital ’s philosophy is to avoid using more than one member of any particular class of psychiatric medication , using multiple drugs from different classes is often the best way to treat a patient with multiple symptoms .
While declining , for privacy reasons , to discuss Amanda ’s treatment , he said medication and restraint would never be used for punitive purposes or merely to promote compliance with hospital rules , but only in the case of a “ significant emergency behavioral situation . ”
He added that forced injection of an antipsychotic — which happened to Amanda several times — might be used “ if there were a legal consent for an oral antipsychotic medication , which the patient refused . ”
Such consent was apparently provided , in Amanda ’s case , by the Department of Protective and Regulatory Services .
The 46 - bed child and adolescent wing where Amanda stayed was not , like the rest of Austin State Hospital , obligated to follow TMAP .
Its treatment regimens were influenced more by CMAP , the children ’s algorithm not yet mandated by the legislature .
CMAP steers clear of providing protocols for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder — the disorders that atypicals were designed to address — in part , says DSHS ’s Doug McBride , because there ’s “ little scientific evidence ” as to what the appropriate regimen for kids would be .
CMAP does , however , call for combining atypicals with antidepressants for children diagnosed — as Amanda was — as suffering from depression “ with psychotic features . ”
McBride defends such off - label use of prescription drugs , saying that the FDA approval process “ is not the end of clinical and other scientific evidence on the use of that medication . ”
Beyond their technical dictates , the algorithms established a culture that affected which medications were prescribed .
Steven Shon , who , along with his colleagues , had led training sessions for the staff of Austin State Hospital , argues that the algorithms were designed to prevent irrational and excessive medication .
Yale ’s Woolston agrees with the goal , though not necessarily the reality .
“ Algorithms are supposed to cut down on people using medications inappropriately and to take into account medication interaction , ” he says .
“ Where they become a problem is when people use them as a mandate , forget their own clinical judgment , and believe that when you ’re in doubt , you ’re supposed to move forward in the algorithm and add more medication . ”
Medications can be invaluable , and some patients say their lives have been transformed by atypicals .
But algorithms reinforce the perception in both psychiatry and popular culture that mental problems always require drug treatment .
“ An algorithm may put blinders on a psychiatrist and create the presumption that the only clinical approach to problems is to use medications , ” Woolston says .
If a patient does n’t respond to a particular medication , a doctor relying on an algorithm may think they need to use or add a different medication , he says .
“ But sometimes , the best approach is to say , ‘ Medication is n’t working ; let ’s try something else . ' ”
ONCE THE DEVELOPMENT of the algorithms was largely complete , Shon began hitting the road , making about one trip a month — often at the expense of drug companies — to spread the TMAP gospel to officials in other states .
This close relationship between TMAP and the pharmaceutical industry raises disturbing questions about whether the drug companies were wielding undue influence or profiting at the expense of patients .
But no one raised these questions until 2002 , when Allen Jones , an investigator for the state of Pennsylvania ’s Office of Inspector General ( OIG ) began to look into a complaint that mental health officials had set up an unorthodox bank account to collect money from drug companies .
Jones , a lanky , 50 - year - old chain - smoker , had spent several years with the OIG in the late ’ 80s and early ’90s , but left to pursue real estate investing to pay for his daughters ’ college tuition .
He had only just rejoined the agency in the summer of 2002 when he began investigating this case .
Over several months , he interviewed state officials , traveled to New York and New Jersey to question pharmaceutical company executives , and learned all he could about TMAP .
He soon felt that something inappropriate , and possibly illegal , was going on .
“ It just did not pass the smell test , ” he says .
Jones learned that in early 2000 , Dr. Steven Karp , who was then medical director of the state ’s Office of Mental Health , had become interested in implementing a Pennsylvania version of TMAP .
Karp discussed his interest with executives of Janssen Pharmaceutica , Jones found , and the company paid for Shon to come to Pennsylvania in late 2000 to meet with Karp and Steven Fiorello , the state ’s chief pharmacist .
Shon returned in March 2001 to train state medical personnel , according to records Jones obtained and provided to Mother Jones .
To cover Shon ’s travel expenses , Janssen made an “ educational grant ” of $ 1,765.75 .
A Janssen funding request form notes that the grant was to support the “ TMAP initiative to expand atypical usage and drive Steve Shon ’s expenses . ”
A box marked “ Risperdal ” is checked on the form .
Janssen ’s check was sent to Fiorello and placed in the account where other donations from pharmaceutical companies were deposited .
Two months later , Janssen provided $ 4,000 for Fiorello and a state psychiatrist to travel to New Orleans for meetings with Dr. Madhukar Trivedi , a UT - Southwestern psychiatrist and TMAP project team director .
The funding request form for this payment listed the “ deliverable ” as the “ successful implementation of PennMAP . ”
A Janssen representative also attended and paid for $ 80 - per-person dinners for the Pennsylvania and Texas officials .
Fiorello and the psychiatrist made another trip to New Orleans later that year , also paid for by Janssen , according to Jones .
Such perks , while of no great consequence to a company the size of Janssen , did forge a friendly relationship with Pennsylvania officials whose decisions carried enormous financial stakes for the company .
Fiorello told Jones he was the state ’s “ point man ” for selecting drugs for the state formulary — those used in state hospitals — and that industry representatives visit him often “ to ensure access of their drugs to the state system , ” Jones wrote in a file memo as he pursued his investigation .
In April 2002 , Fiorello and Dr. Frederick Maue , clinical director for the state ’s Department of Corrections , spoke at a Janssen - sponsored symposium for prison doctors and nurses on treating mentally ill offenders .
They were paid $ 2,000 by Comprehensive NeuroScience , a marketing firm working for Janssen that helped shape their presentation .
Another marketing company hired by Janssen appointed Karp to its advisory board , flying him to meetings in Seattle and Tampa .
Pfizer put Fiorello on an advisory council and twice paid his expenses to come to New York .
Jones became convinced that , as he puts it , “ the pharmaceutical companies were buying influence with key decision makers in state government , trying to turn their drugs into blockbusters . ”
But as he brought these findings to his boss , Daniel Sattele , he was told to stop pushing so hard .
After he was barred from investigating whether state officials had received inappropriate payments from drug companies , Jones sued in federal court , alleging that “ major public corruption investigations were being delayed , obstructed , or otherwise hindered by officials in the OIG . ”
Sattele subsequently conceded in a deposition taken in 2003 that he asked Jones if he were “ a salmon , ” telling him , “ go with the flow , do n’t swim against the current . ”
Sattele also said that after Jones came to him with his concerns for the fourth or fifth time , he reminded Jones of the industry ’s power and influence .
“ I said , ‘ Allen , pharmaceutical companies are very aggressive in their marketing … .
They probably donate to both sides of the aisle , ' ” he recalled in the deposition .
When Jones continued to pursue the case he was removed as lead investigator , then pulled off altogether , he says .
Nonetheless , over the coming months , he quietly copied documents and , on his own time , gathered more information .
In February 2004 , Jones laid out his charges for the New York Times and the British Medical Journal .
In April he was suspended .
In May he again sued in federal court , charging that his superiors were harassing him to “ cover up , discourage , and limit any investigations or oversight into the corrupt practices of large drug companies and corrupt public officials who have acted with them . ”
He was then fired .
He is now working as a bricklayer ; both his actions are pending .
A spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Office of Inspector General declined to comment on Jones ’ allegations or his termination .
A representative of the Department of Corrections told Mother Jones that Maue donated the honorarium he was given by Comprehensive NeuroScience to the state ’s general fund .
And Stacey Ward , a spokeswoman for the Department of Public Welfare , said that the state “ did not receive contributions of any kind from any pharmaceutical company to study or support the implementation of PennMAP . ”
[ Ed note :
After the print edition of this story went to press , the Pennsylvania State Ethics Commission fined Steven Fiorello , the state ’s chief pharmacist , $ 27,000 for using his position to earn extra income from sources that included Pfizer . ]
Meanwhile , another Pennsylvania official was becoming increasingly alarmed with how drugs being pushed by the pharmaceutical industry were actually affecting patients .
Dr. Stefan Kruszewski , a Harvard - trained psychiatrist working for the state ’s Department of Public Welfare , was charged with reviewing psychiatric care provided by state - funded agencies to identify cases of waste , fraud , and abuse .
In the summer of 2001 , he began documenting examples of what he calls “ insane polypharmacy ” and widespread use of drugs for reasons not approved by the FDA .
Most shocking to him were the cases of children placed in state - funded residential treatment facilities , sometimes for years , and heavily drugged on the new antipsychotics and anticonvulsants , including some of the same medications given , off - label , to Amanda .
“ These kids were on multiple medications without the clinical diagnoses to support the medications , ” Kruszewski says .
One drug , Neurontin , approved for controlling seizures , “ was being massively prescribed for anxiety , social phobia , PTSD , social anxiety , mood instability , sleep , oppositional defiant behavior , attention deficit disorder .
Yet there ’s almost no evidence to support these uses in adults and no evidence for kids whatsoever . ”
Last year a Pfizer subsidiary pleaded guilty to criminal fraud and agreed to pay $ 430 million in fines for promoting off - label prescribing of Neurontin , which racked up $ 2.8 billion in U.S. sales in 2004 .
Officials estimate that off - label uses account for some 90 percent of its sales .
New York attorney Andrew Finkelstein says he ’s been enlisted by the relatives of 425 people who committed suicide while on Neurontin , and thus far has filed 46 lawsuits against Pfizer .
Kruszewski sent memos to his bosses about dangerous off - label uses of these medications but says they were ignored .
He also looked into the deaths of four children in residential programs and submitted a report on an Oklahoma facility , where Pennsylvania children were sometimes sent .
He found that many of the kids “ were severely overmedicated ” with atypical antipsychotics , antidepressants , and anticonvulsants , and he theorized that the death of at least one child could be attributed to a culture that combined polypharmacy and neglect .
His report earned him no plaudits .
The day after submitting it , he says , he was yelled at for “ trying to dig up dirt . ”
The next day he was fired and escorted to the street .
He has since filed suit in federal court against the state officials who fired him , along with several drug companies that , he charges , have “ distorted statistics , violated regulations … and misrepresented the effects of the use of their psychotropic drugs … simply to make money . ”
( The Pennsylvania Department of Public Welfare declined to comment on Kruszewski ’s charges because of his pending lawsuit . )
Months after he was fired , Kruszewski alternates between anger and sorrow as he thumbs through documents piled in the dining room of his Harrisburg home .
“ I get very emotional about these reports , ” he says .
“ The people who were paid to protect consumers did exactly the wrong thing . ”
UNLIKE SOME OTHER HEAVILY medicated children , Amanda survived .
In June 2004 , more than five months after she was taken from school , Chad and Malika saw their daughter for the first time — in a courtroom .
“ I was so excited , ” Amanda recalls .
“ I hid under the table so I could surprise them .
I started crying when I saw them .
I thought I would never see them again . ”
It would take another four months of legal wrangling with the state before a district court judge ordered Amanda released into her parents ’ custody .
Finally , the family was allowed to choose the people who would treat their daughter .
They selected Austin psychologist John Breeding , a well - known critic of the overuse of psychiatric medications , and soon the whole family began meeting with him .
The first priority , Breeding said , “ was to get her off the medication . ”
Working with the family ’s doctor , he helped design a program for tapering her off her final drugs , Risperdal and Depakote , a process that was completed by the end of last year .
He says the goal now is to help her recover from the emotional wounds she suffered as a result of her time under the state ’s care .
She also needs to lose all the weight she gained while on the atypicals .
The good news , he says , is that “ the family is reunited , she ’s doing well in school , and is even participating in extracurricular activities . ”
Like her sisters , Amanda plays in the school band and also takes part in a drill team .
“ She ’s coming back , starting to get that gleam in her eye , ” Breeding says .
Amanda found herself at the intersection of a capricious child - protection system and a health care system that ’s all too ready to medicate .
As doctors dispense ever - greater quantities of potent psychiatric drugs , and the industry spends ever - greater amounts of money promoting them , how can consumers be confident that decisions about their care are truly informed and in their interest ?
Whatever the stakes for the drug companies , the stakes for patients are infinitely higher .
FTW - On October 31 , the French daily Le Figaro dropped a bombshell .
While in a Dubai hospital receiving treatment for a chronic kidney infection last July , Osama bin Laden met with a top CIA official - presumably the Chief of Station .
The meeting , held in bin Laden s private suite , took place at the American hospital in Dubai at a time when he was a wanted fugitive for the bombings of two U.S. embassies and this year s attack on the U.S.S. Cole .
Bin Laden was eligible for execution according to a 2000 intelligence finding issued by President Bill Clinton before leaving office in January .
Yet on July 14th he was allowed to leave Dubai on a private jet and there were no Navy fighters waiting to force him down .
In 1985 Oliver North the only member of the Reagan - Bush years who does n't appear to have a hand in the current war - sent the Navy and commandos after terrorists on the cruise ship Achille Lauro .
In his 1991 autobiography ' Under Fire , ' while describing terrorist Abu Abbas , North wrote , " I used to wonder : how many dead Americans will it take before we do something ? "
One could look at the number of Americans Osama bin Laden is alleged to have killed before September 11 and ask the same question .
It gets worse , much worse .
A more complete timeline listing crucial events both before and after the September 11th suicide attacks , which have been blamed on bin Laden , establishes CIA foreknowledge of them and strongly suggests that there was criminal complicity on the part of the U.S. government in their execution .
It also makes clear that the events which have taken place since September 11th are based upon an agenda that has little to do with the attacks .
One wonders how these events could have been ignored by the major media or treated as isolated incidents .
Failing that , how could skilled news agencies avoid being outraged , or at least even just a little suspicious ?
1 . 1998 and 2000 - Former President George H.W. Bush travels to Saudi Arabia on behalf of the privately owned Carlyle Group , the 11th largest defense contractor in the U.S.
While there he meets privately with the Saudi royal family and the bin Laden family .
[ Source : Wall Street Journal , Sept. 27 , 2001 .
See also FTW , Vol. IV , No 7 The Best Enemies Money Can Buy http://www.copvcia.com/members/carlyle.html
2 . Feb 13 , 2001 - UPI Terrorism Correspondent Richard Sale - while covering a trial of bin Laden 's Al Qaeda followers - reports that the National Security Agency has broken bin Laden 's encrypted communications .
Even if this indicates that bin Laden changed systems in February it does not mesh with the fact that the government insists that the attacks had been planned for years .
3 . May 2001 - Secretary of State Colin Powell gives $ 43 million in aid to the Taliban regime , purportedly to assist hungry farmers who are starving since the destruction of their opium crop in January on orders of the Taliban regime .
[ Source : The Los Angeles Times , May 22 , 2001 ] .
4 . May , 2001 - Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage , a career covert operative and former Navy Seal , travels to India on a publicized tour while CIA Director George Tenet makes a quiet visit to Pakistan to meet with Pakistani leader General Pervez Musharraf .
Armitage has long and deep Pakistani intelligence connections and he is the recipient of the highest civil decoration awarded by Pakistan .
It would be reasonable to assume that while in Islamabad , Tenet , in what was described as 'an unusually long meeting , ' also met with his Pakistani counterpart , Lt. General Mahmud Ahmad , head of the ISI .
[ Source The Indian SAPRA news agency , May 22 , 2001 . ]
5 . July , 2001 - Three American officials : Tom Simmons ( former U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan ) , Karl Inderfurth ( former Assistant Secretary of State for South Asian affairs ) and Lee Coldren ( former State Department expert on South Asia ) , meet with Taliban representatives in Berlin and tell them that the U.S. is planning military strikes against Afghanistan in October .
Also present are Russian and German intelligence officers who confirm the threat .
[ Source : The Guardian , September 22 , 2001 ; the BBC , September 18 , 2001 . ]
6 . Summer 2001 - According to a Sept. 26 story in Britain s The Guardian , correspondent David Leigh reported that , " U.S. department of defense official , Dr. Jeffrey Starr , visited Tajikistan in January . "
The Guardian 's Felicity Lawrence established that US Rangers were also training special troops in Kyrgyzstan .
There were unconfirmed reports that Tajik and Uzbek special troops were training in Alaska and Montana .
7 . Summer 2001 ( est. ) - Pakistani ISI Chief General Mahmud ( see above ) orders an aide to wire transfer $ 100,000 to Mohammed Atta , who was according to the FBI , the lead terrorist in the suicide hijackings .
Mahmud recently resigned after the transfer was disclosed in India and confirmed by the FBI .
[ Source : The Times of India , October 11 , 2001 . ]
8 . June 2001 - German intelligence , the BND , warns the CIA and Israel that Middle Eastern terrorists are ' planning to hijack commercial aircraft to use as weapons to attack important symbols of American and Israeli culture . '
[ Source : Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung , September 14 , 2001 . ]
9 . Summer 2001 - An Iranian man phones U.S. law enforcement to warn of an imminent attack on the World Trade Center in the week of September 9th .
German police confirm the calls but state that the U.S. Secret Service would not reveal any further information .
[ Source : German news agency - online.ie , September 14 , 2001 . ]
10 .
August 2001 - The FBI arrests an Islamic militant linked to bin Laden in Boston .
French intelligence sources confirm that the man is a key member of bin Laden 's network and the FBI learns that he has been taking flying lessons .
At the time of his arrest the man is in possession of technical information on Boeing aircraft and flight manuals .
[ Source : Reuters , September 13 . ]
11 . Summer 2001 - Russian intelligence notifies the CIA that 25 terrorist pilots have been specifically training for suicide missions .
This is reported in the Russian press and news stories are translated for FTW by a retired CIA officer .
12 . July 4 - 14 , 2001 - Osama bin Laden receives treatments for kidney disease at the American hospital in Dubai and meets with a CIA official who returns to CIA headquarters on July 15th .
[ Source : Le Figaro , October 31st , 2001 . ]
13 . August 2001 - Russian President Vladimir Putin orders Russian intelligence to warn the U.S. government - in the strongest possible terms - of imminent attacks on airports and government buildings .
[ Source : MSNBC interview with Putin , September 15 . ]
14 . August / September , 2001 - The Dow Jones Industrial Average drops nearly 900 points in the three weeks prior to the attack .
A major stock market crash is imminent .
15 . Sept. 3 -10 , 2001 - MSNBC reports on September 16 that a caller to a Cayman Islands radio talk show gave several warnings of an imminent attack on the U.S. by bin Laden in the week prior to 9/11 .
16 . September 1 - 10 , 2001 - 25,000 British troops and the largest British Armada since the Falkland Islands War , part of Operation ' Essential Harvest , ' are pre-positioned in Oman , the closest point on the Arabian Peninsula to Pakistan .
At the same time two U.S. carrier battle groups arrive on station in the Gulf of Arabia just off the Pakistani coast .
Also at the same time , some 17,000 U.S. troops join more than 23,000 NATO troops in Egypt for Operation ' Bright Star . '
All of these forces are in place before the first plane hits the World Trade Center .
[ Sources : The Guardian , CNN , FOX , The Observer , International Law Professor Francis Boyle , the University of Illinois . ]
17 . September 6 - 7 , 2001 - 4,744 put options ( a speculation that the stock will go down ) are purchased on United Air Lines stock as opposed to only 396 call options ( speculation that the stock will go up ) .
This is a dramatic and abnormal increase in sales of put options .
Many of the UAL puts are purchased through Deutschebank / AB Brown , a firm managed until 1998 by the current Executive Director of the CIA , A.B. ' Buzzy ' Krongard .
[ Source : The Herzliyya International Policy Institute for Counterterrorism , http://www.ict.org.il/,
September 21 ; The New York Times ; The Wall Street Journal . ]
18 . September 10 , 2001 - 4,516 put options are purchased on American Airlines as compared to 748 call options .
[ Source : ICT - above ] 19 .
September 6 - 11 , 2001 - No other airlines show any similar trading patterns to those experienced by UAL and American .
The put option purchases on both airlines were 600 % above normal .
This at a time when Reuters ( September 10 ) issues a business report stating , ' Airline stocks may be poised to take off . '
20 .
September 6 - 10 , 2001 - Highly abnormal levels of put options are purchased in Merrill Lynch , Morgan Stanley , AXA Re ( insurance ) which owns 25 % of American Airlines , and Munich Re .
All of these companies are directly impacted by the September 11 attacks .
[ Source : ICT , above ; FTW , Vol. IV , No.7 , October 18 , 2001 , http://www.copvcia.com/members/oct152001.html. ] 21 .
It has been documented that the CIA , the Israeli Mossad and many other intelligence agencies monitor stock trading in real time using highly advanced programs reported to be descended from Promis software .
This is to alert national intelligence services of just such kinds of attacks .
Promis was reported , as recently as June , 2001 to be in Osama bin Laden s possession and , as a result of recent stories by FOX , both the FBI and the Justice Department have confirmed its use for U.S. intelligence gathering through at least this summer .
This would confirm that CIA had additional advance warning of imminent attacks .
[ Sources : The Washington Times , June 15 , 2001 ; FOX News , October 16 , 2001 ; FTW , October 26 , 2001 , - http://www.copvcia.com/members/magic_carpet.html; FTW , Vol. IV , No.6 , Sept. 18 , 2001 - http://www.copvcia.com/members/sept1801.html; FTW , Vol. 3 , No 7 , 9/30/00 - www.copvcia.com/stories/may_2001/052401_promis.html
22 . September 11 , 2001 - Gen Mahmud of the ISI ( see above ) , friend of Mohammed Atta , is visiting Washington on behalf of the Taliban .
[ Source : MS - NBC , Oct. 7 . ] 23 .
September 11 , 2001 , For 35 minutes , from 8:15 AM until 9:05 AM , with it widely known within the FAA and the military that four planes have been simultaneously hijacked and taken off course , no one notifies the President of the United States .
It is not until 9:30 that any Air Force planes are scrambled to intercept , but by then it is too late .
This means that the National Command Authority waited for 75 minutes before scrambling aircraft , even though it was known that four simultaneous hijackings had occurred - an event that has never happened in history .
[ Sources : CNN , ABC , MS - NBC , The Los Angeles Times , The New York Times . ]
24 . September 13 , 2001 - China is admitted to the World Trade Organization quickly , after 15 years of unsuccessful attempts .
[ Source : The New York Times , Sept. 30 , 2001 . ]
25 .
September 15 , 2001 - The New York Times reports that Mayo Shattuck III has resigned , effective immediately , as head of the Alex ( A.B ) Brown unit of Deutschebank .
26 .
September 29 , 2001 - The San Francisco Chronicle reports that $ 2.5 million in put options on American Airlines and United Airlines are unclaimed .
This is likely the result of the suspension in trading on the NYSE after the attacks which gave the Securities and Exchange Commission time to be waiting when the owners showed up to redeem their put options .
27 . October 10 , 2001 - The Pakistani newspaper The Frontier Post reports that U.S. Ambassador Wendy Chamberlain has paid a call on the Pakistani oil minister .
A previously abandoned Unocal pipeline from Turkmenistan , across Afghanistan , to the Pakistani coast , for the purpose of selling oil and gas to China , is now back on the table in view of recent geopolitical developments .
28 . Mid October , 2001 - The Dow Jones Industrial Average , after having suffered a precipitous drop has recovered most of its pre-attack losses .
Although still weak , and vulnerable to negative earnings reports , a crash has been averted by a massive infusion of government spending on defense programs , subsidies for - affected industries and planned tax cuts for corporations .
Now , let 's go back to the October 31 story by Le Figaro - the one that has Osama bin Laden meeting with a CIA officer in Dubai this June .
The story says that , Throughout his stay in the hospital , Osama Bin Laden received visits from many family members [ There goes the story that he 's a black sheep ! ] and Saudi Arabian Emirate personalities of status .
During this time the local representative of the CIA was seen by many people taking the elevator and going to bin Laden 's room .
* Several days later the CIA officer bragged to his friends about having visited the Saudi millionaire .
From authoritative sources , this CIA agent visited CIA headquarters on July 15th , the day after bin Laden 's departure for Quetta .
* According to various Arab diplomatic sources and French intelligence itself , precise information was communicated to the CIA concerning terrorist attacks aimed at American interests in the world , including its own territory .
* Extremely bothered , they [ American intelligence officers in a meeting with French intelligence officers ] requested from their French peers exact details about the Algerian activists [ connected to bin Laden through Dubai banking institutions ] , without explaining the exact nature of their inquiry .
When asked the question , " What do you fear in the coming days ? " - the Americans responded with incomprehensible silence .
*
On further investigation , the FBI discovered certain plans that had been put together between the CIA and its ' Islamic friends ' over the years .
The meeting in Dubai is , so it would seem , consistent with " a certain American policy . "
Even though Le Figaro reported that it had confirmed with hospital staff that bin Laden had been there as reported , stories printed on November 1 contained quotes from hospital staff that these reports were untrue .
On November 1 , as reported by the Ananova press agency , the CIA flatly denied that any meeting between any CIA personnel and Osama bin Laden at any time .
In the most ironic twist of all , FTW has learned that Le Figaro is owned by the Carlyle Group , the American defense contractor which employs George Bush Sr. , and which had as investors - until they sold their stake on October 26 - the bin Laden family .
Who do you believe ?
In coming stories , FTW will prove to you that this war , which according to Dick Cheney , may not end in our lifetimes , has been in the works for at least four years .
© Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved Michael C. Ruppert and From The Wilderness Publications
May be copied and distributed for non-profit purposes only
The rare worm Buddenbrockia only merits a footnote in most biology textbooks .
Now genetic research has shown it is a relative of anemones and jellyfish .
Credit : University of Oxford
One of the world ’s strangest creatures has found its long - lost kin .
Oxford University scientists have discovered that an extremely rare gutless worm is related to sea anemones and jellyfish , rather than similar - looking animals , reports this week ’s Science .
The finding could cause an evolutionary rethink .
The worm , Buddenbrockia , has been seen only a handful of times since its discovery in 1851 and exactly where it fits in the animal kingdom has long puzzled scientists .
‘ It has no mouth , no gut , no brain and no nerve cord , ’ said Professor Peter Holland of Oxford University ’s Department of Zoology who led the study .
‘ It does n’t have a left or right side or a top or bottom – we can’t even tell which end is the front ! ’
Its bizarre body - plan is quite unlike other worms , such as nematodes , that despite their simplicity have different ‘ organs ’ on different sides – and at different ends – of their bodies in the same way that fish and mammals do .
Professor Holland said : ‘ Buddenbrockia is very unusual in not displaying this kind of body asymmetry .
Seen in cross section it is completely symmetrical so no way is ‘ up ’ and no direction is ‘ forward ’ .
To find out what in the animal kingdom the worm is related to , Professor Holland , Dr Eva Jimenez and colleagues analysed 50 genes from Buddenbrockia and compared them to the genes of other animals .
They found that despite its worm - like body shape Buddenbrockia is actually related to animals it looks nothing like , such as sea anemones and jellyfish .
‘ This means that the worm - like body shape evolved at least twice from two completely different kinds of animal , ’ said Professor Holland .
‘ It is one of the most striking examples of convergent evolution you will ever see – we are not talking about the convergent evolution of individual organs or body parts , such as eyes or wings , but of the whole body shape . ’
The new study is also good news for salmon farmers as it may help them to tackle a devastating parasite .
Buddenbrockia is closely related to the parasite Tetracapsula bryosalmonae that infects the kidneys and spleens of salmon causing immune cells to multiply out of control destroying these organs and killing the fish .
Parasites such as Tetracapsula bryosalmonae are notoriously hard to study because of the difficulty of separating the parasite ’s DNA from the host ’s DNA .
But because Buddenbrockia sometimes swims free from its host ( a moss animal or bryozoan ) its DNA can be isolated and analysed : opening up a genetic window onto the mysterious world of such parasites .
Professor Peter Holland said : ‘ This sort of genetic detective work has only become possible in the wake of the Human Genome Project , which has helped to drive down the costs of large - scale DNA sequencing .
In the future these techniques could shed fresh light on the relationships between many other animals that , up until now , have been grouped together according to what they looked like rather than what genetic information they share . ’
Source : University of Oxford
Dessert
Two new things I 'm trying :* Quill Nib auto - clicking software ( automatically clicks when your mouse stops moving ) .
Steeply priced ( $ 75 ) - I may be able to make do with its earlier freeware version ( MouseTool ) once my trial period expires .
Seems a bit more responsive than RSIGuard 's auto - clicker .
Plus it has a gesture for dragging .*
New proportional programming font : Monotype Corsiva 30 pt , available on many computers .
Here it 's shown with jEdit ' stheme :
First Plame Case Film Set to Roll --
With Kate Beckinsale as Judy Miller ?
By E&P Staff
Published : July 19 , 2007 1:55 PM
ET
NEW YORK
The first major Hollywood film inspired by the Plame / CIA leak case is ready to roll and , surprise , the main focus apparently will not be on a character based on Valerie or Joe Wilson , Bob Novak or even Patrick Fitzgerald -- but rather on Judith Miller .
And she may be played by Kate Beckinsale , who is quite a few years younger than the real thing .
Edie Falco , fresh from " The Sopranos , " is targeted to play the Bill Keller role as the editor of the jailed female reporter .
Matt Damon would be the prosecutor , and up - and - comer Vera Farmiga would play the dashing CIA agent .
News has emerged that Rod Lurie , known for his fine Capitol Hill drama " The Contender , " will direct the film , titled " Nothing But the Truth . " \
( snip )
According to Variety sources , the lead is a Washington reporter who outs a CIA agent , then is jailed for refusing to reveal her source .
Shooting may begin in October .
If it happens , this would beat to the screen a planned fact - based film based on the memoir being written by Plame .
Vera Farmiga as Valerie Plame
I thought I had laughed my yearly fill with the " War on the Toy Box " Guess not .
Post written by Leo Babauta .
You often see articles on ways to unwind and relax after a stressful day , which I always find useful , but for me the most important advice would be to get to the source of the problem , and cut stress out before it even happens .
By careful editing of your life , and changing certain habits , you can eliminate most ( not all ) sources of stress in your life .
I do n’t believe that a stress - free life is possible .
Stress is a response to challenges in life , and a life without challenges is too boring to contemplate .
However , I do believe that most of the stress in our lives is unnecessary , and that it can be eliminated by taking some simple ( and some not - so - simple ) steps .
It ca n’t be accomplished overnight — I ’ve been eliminating stressors in my life for awhile now , and I ’m still not done .
But I think it ’s a worthwhile goal .
Let ’s first take a look at an example — it ’s a little extreme , but it exemplifies the typical stressors in people ’s lives .
Let ’s say Fred gets up in the morning , waking up late , and now has to rush to get ready .
He ’s so rushed that he spills his coffee on his shirt and has to change , a nicks himself shaving .
He heads out the door and then has to go back in the house because he forgot his wallet .
He gets in the car and realizes he forgot his keys .
Now he ’s on the way in to work and is in the middle of rush - hour traffic — and his temper starts to flare after someone cuts him off .
He ’s honking at people , cursing , and arrives to work late and in a bad mood .
He snaps at someone and is surly all morning .
His desk is covered in piles of paper , and he can’t find that report he needs to work on .
His inbox is overflowing and his email notification is going off , and he sees he has 36 messages to respond to .
He knows he ’s late on two projects and his boss is n’t happy .
He ’s got to finish 5 tasks before the 11 a.m. meeting , and he ’s got meetings all afternoon .
You get the idea .
His day does not go well , and he hits rush - hour traffic on the way home .
He gets home late , exhausted , completely stressed , his mind still on his late and as - yet uncompleted projects , his still - full inbox and email inbox , and all the stuff piling up that he has to work on tomorrow .
The house is a mess and he snaps at his family .
His kids have not put things away exactly where he told them to put them away , so he begins to yell at them .
He has a quick , greasy dinner in front of the TV and zones out before falling asleep late .
Again , this is a bit extreme , but you can see through this illustration some of the things that stress people out .
There are many more , of course , and I wo n’t cover all of them here .
But these sources of stress can be eliminated with a little thought .
Here ’s how :
There ’s something about Seaside ’s URLs that has bothered me for a long time , and I just discovered a solution .
I have n’t seen anything about this anywhere else , so I figured I ’d write it down in case it ’s useful to anyone else .
Since your URLs are managed by your Seaside session , they all become invalid when your session times out .
Leave your browser alone for a while , then return and click a link .
Instead of taking you where it said it would , the link ends up taking you back to the first page of the app .
The well - known pattern for creating “ bookmarkable URLs ” is part of the solution here .
You override #updateUrl : in your component , and then you override #initialRequest : in your root component or one of its children ( i.e. something that ’s visible by default ) .
However , that only solves the problem of returning to your current page and has nothing to do with meaningful links on your current page after your session expires .
For most applications , this sort of behavior is not a big deal .
Your session times out , you click something , and you ’re kicked back to the “ please sign in ” page .
Users tolerate this , because they ’re used to the idea that their computer should n’t stay signed in forever .
But on a public area of a site , this sort of behavior really can get frustrating .
I often pull up a page , get interrupted , and do n’t get back to the page for several hours or days .
The SqueakSource site has done this to me more than once .
Browse to a SqueakSource page , go have lunch , and then come back and click a link .
You get shown the homepage instead .
Argh !
Thankfully , there are hooks in Seaside that make meaningful links possible .
But they ’re not very well known , and I can’t find any reference to them anywhere online .
The methods are on WAAnchorTag , named # extraPath : and #extraParameters : .
These two methods allow you to mangle the URL on the front side , just like you can with #updateUrl : on the other end .
You can use them like this :
( html anchor )
callback : [ self registerVolunteer ] ;
extraPath : ' volunteer ' ;
with : ' Become a Volunteer ! '
If you ’re already using the hooks for bookmarkable URLs , then it ’s simply a matter of putting in the right path or parameters when you build the link .
It ’s entirely possible to build meaningful URLs in Seaside .
The tools are all there .
And even though it seems harder than in other frameworks , it ’s really not .
It just feels hard , because Seaside gives you such a nice abstraction the rest of the time .
And if you ’re building a content management system , you ’ll likely be creating an abstraction that hides these details anyway .
MILAN ( Reuters ) - Twenty six U.S. citizens , almost all believed to be CIA agents , went on trial in absentia on Friday accused of kidnapping a Muslim cleric in Milan and flying him to Egypt .
Lawyer Carmelo Scambia speaks during a trial in a Milan court June 8 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Stefano Rellandini
The court case , highlighting one of Washington ’s most controversial policies in its war on terrorism , started hours before President George W. Bush was due to visit Italy .
Egyptian Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr , also known as Abu Omar , was on Washington ’s list of terrorist suspects and he says he was tortured under interrogation in Egypt after his so - called extraordinary rendition from Italy .
“ I would have liked this trial to show the whole world the truth about the world ’s number one terrorist -- George W. Bush -- and the crusader American administration ... , ” Nasr told Al Jazeera television by telephone from Egypt .
But he had low expectations of the trial as “ only Westerners have rights , but Arabs and Muslims have no rights to life ” .
The cleric , who was freed from jail in February but had his passport confiscated , said Egypt would not let him testify in Milan .
As expected , none of the Americans turned up and only one Italian agent was present in the courtroom , where empty cages lined two walls .
The proceedings were adjourned until June 18 to decide on a defense request to suspend the trial .
Italian spies , including the former head of the SISMI intelligence agency , are accused of helping the U.S. citizens carry out their plan .
“ I have been doing this job for 33 years , I have always done it with my head held high and in the full light of day , ” SISMI agent Luciano di Gregori told Reuters .
“ I have nothing to hide . ”
Washington has said it will reject any request by Italy to extradite the accused .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
RESPECT FOR LAW
In Paris on Friday , a European investigator said he had proof Poland and Romania hosted secret CIA prisons under a post - 9/11 pact to hunt down and interrogate “ high value ” terrorist suspects wanted by the United States .
Italian prosecutor Armando Spataro told reporters the Milan case would show the need to fight against terrorism with “ the full respect of the laws of our Western democracies ” .
“ We want the punishment of the terrorists , but in the courtrooms .
And we do n’t need to give to our enemies any reason for recruiting other members of their organizations , ” he said .
Italy ’s prime minister at the time , Silvio Berlusconi , says the trial could expose international espionage secrets .
The trial comes at an awkward time for current centre - left Prime Minister Romano Prodi , who is unpopular a year into the job .
He wants to keep fractious coalition partners united behind him and away from street protests against Bush on Saturday .
The trial began with largely procedural matters but was soon adjourned on defense attorneys ’ request pending a decision by Italy ’s constitutional court , expected in October .
Prodi ’s office has lodged a motion with that court arguing that prosecutors broke state secrecy rules .
But Spataro objected to a suspension which he said would give Prodi carte blanche to block any trial he found “ uncomfortable ” .
Prosecutors say a CIA - led team seized the Egyptian , bundled him into a van , drove him to a military base in northern Italy and flew him via Germany to Egypt .
There he says he was tortured with electric shocks , beatings , rape threats and genital abuse .
The cleric ’s Egyptian lawyer Montasser al - Zayat , attending the trial , said his client “ wants to be compensated morally and wants those who kidnapped him to pay for their crimes ” .
The Italian case begins just over a week after the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) filed a suit against a Boeing Co. unit it accuses of helping the U.S. CIA transfer foreign suspects to overseas prisons .
A Natural Axiomatization of Church 's Thesis .
Nachum Dershowitz and Yuri Gurevich .
July 2007 .
The Abstract State Machine
Thesis asserts that every classical algorithm is behaviorally equivalent to an abstract state machine .
This thesis has been shown to follow from three natural postulates about algorithmic computation .
Here , we prove that augmenting those postulates with an additional requirement regarding basic operations implies Church 's
Thesis , namely , that the only numeric functions that can be calculated by effective means are the recursive ones ( which are the same , extensionally , as the Turing - computable numeric functions ) .
In particular , this gives a natural axiomatization of Church 's Thesis , as GÃ¶del and others suggested may be possible .
While not directly dealing with programming languages , I still think this paper might be of interest , since our field ( and our discussions ) are often concerned with computability ( or effective computation , if you prefer ) .
The idea the Church 's Thesis can be proven is not new , and indeed there seems to be a cottage industry devoted to this issue ( for a quick glance search the paper for references to Gandy and work related to his ) .
Even if the discussion of ASMs is not your cup of tea , it seems like a good idea to keep in mind the distinctions elaborated in the conclusions section between " Thesis M " ( the " Physical C - T Thesis " ) , the " AI Thesis " , and the " standard " meaning of the C - T thesis .
Another quote ( from the same section ) that may prove useful in future LtU discussions :
We should point out that , nowadays , one deals daily with more flexible notions of algorithm , such as interactive and distributed computations .
To capture such non-sequential processes and non-classical algorithms , additional postulates are required .
川又政征 ( Masayuki KAWAMATA )
1 まえがき 1.1 目的 この草稿は，私が日頃接している学生諸君が報告書や論文を手際よく執筆すること（これらをまとめて作文とよんでおく）を助けることを目的としている．これは未完成の原稿であり，永遠に完成しないかもしれないので，“草稿”としか呼びようがないものである．今後，これを実際の作文に活用し，その効果や問題点をフィードバックすることで，より完成度の高い草稿にして行くつもりである．
1.2 背景 この草稿を書こうと思い立った理由は私の以下のような経験からである．ここ１０年位のあいだ，多くの学生の原稿を読み，これを手直しする機会が数え切れないくらいあった．この手直しのために学生諸君と私の多くの時間が費やされた．この時間がまったく無駄なものだったと言うつもりはない．この時間を費やすことで，多くの研究成果が発表できたのである．しかし，もっと効率的なやり方があるはずではないかと私は最近考えるようになってきた．
原稿の手直しに多くの時間がかかったのは，学生諸君が作文の基本を知らないことによる．この原因は，ほとんどの学生に共通するものである．それを一言でいうならば，技術と形式の欠如である．つまり，無手勝流で勝とうとしているのである．このため私は一人一人の学生にまったく同じことを数限りなく言わなければならなかった．
1.3 技能ではなく技術を この草稿は，いわゆる文章読本でしばしば議論される美しい言葉・感動的な文章・個性的な文体などの言葉・文章・文体に関して論じるものではない．ここで説明することは，作文のための単なる技術と形式に過ぎない．この草稿では，個人の生まれ持った才能に依存することなく，だれにでも簡単に実行でき，かつ効果が現れる作文の技術と，それを支える形式について具体的に説明することを目的としている．最近のことばで言えば，「サルにもわかる」，「はじめての」，「お気楽」，「極楽」などの形容がつくような技術と形式について説明したい．そして大学生にもわかるものを目指したい．
この草稿で説明しようとするものは作文の技能ではなく技術である．ここで “ 技能 ” と ” 技術 ” は以下のように区別して考えている．
技能とは，長い時間をかけた個人的な経験をつうじて習得される能力である．技能のための体系的な教科書というものは存在しない．したがって，技能は見よう見まねでつかみ取るしかないものとなる．つまり，技能は盗むものとなる．技能は，その所有者の死とともに消える運命にある．技能は個人に依存し，体系化することが難しい．
一方，技術は，体系的な学習によって習得される能力である．その能力は個人には依存しない．このため，技術を蓄積し，教育し，学習することが可能となる．この蓄積・教育・学習によって高度な技術が実現できる．さらに，技術のために体系的な“ 教科書 ” をつくることができ ， “ 学校 ” で誰でも学ぶことができることになる．技術は社会に依存し，体系化が可能である．
1.4 本草稿の構成 本原稿は以下のような構成をとっている．
まず，作文技術に関する本を簡単に紹介する．ここで紹介するものは，文庫本や新書本を中心として，廉価で手に入れやすいものばかりである．“とりあえず”，これらの本をいくつか読めば，作文技術が格段に向上することは疑いない．
次に，論文の一般的な形式について説明する．ここでは，表題，著者名，まえがき，主内容，まとめ，参考文献という形式に関して説明しておく．この形式とそこに書き込むべき事項を知るだけで，作文のためのむだな労力は激減する．
最後に，作文のためのこまかい注意事項について説明する．記号の簡単な使い方，コンマやピリオドの打ち方，英語のスペルチェック，文法などに関しての注意事項が述べてある．この注意事項は，これまで私が学生諸君になんども言ってきたことがらである．ここで述べてある注意事項に配慮するだけで作文の形式的な面の誤りは半減するだろう．このような具体的な注意事項の例を今後集めて，追加してして行くつもりである．
2 作文技術のための本と辞書 2.1 本 日本語や英語で作文をするための技術を教えてくれる本は数多く出版されている．とくに最近では，理科系や技術関係での作文を書くという特定の目的のための優れた入門書が目立ってふえている．
以下の本は私が自信をもってすすめられる本である．購入の容易さを考えて，低価格で手に入りやすい文庫本と新書本を選んだ．これらの本はすべて研究室内の図書としてもそろっている( 注i ) ．
1. 木下是雄， “ 理科系の作文技 術 ” ，中公新書，１９８１年（４８０円）．
2. 木下是雄， “ レポートの組み立て方 ” ，ちくま学芸文庫，１９９４年，７８０円．
3. 本多勝一， “ 日本語の作文技 術 ” ，朝日文庫，１９８２年（４３０円）．
4. 本多勝一， “ 実戦・日本語の作文技 術 ” ，朝日文庫，１９９４年（５６０円）．
5. 杉原厚吉， “ 理科系のための英作文 法 ” ，中公新書，１９９４年（６８０円）．
6. マーク・ピーターセン，“ 日本人の英 語 ” ，岩波新書，１９８８年（５２０円）．
7. マーク・ピーターセン， “ 続 日本人の英 語 ” ，岩波新書，１９９０年（５２０円）．
8. 小河原誠，“ 読み書きの技 法 ” ，ちくま新書，１９９６年（６８０円）．
9. 東大サバイバル英語実行委員会著，“理科系のためのサバイバル英語入門”，講談社ブルーバックス，１９９５年（７６０円）．
2.1.1 二つの 「 作文技術 」 上にあげた二つの作文技 術 “ 理科系の作文技 術 ” と“ 日本語の作文技 術 ” は，明快・簡潔・わかりやすさを目的とした作文の書き方を具体的に示したものとして評価が極めて高い．最近の文章論や作文技術に関する本の中で，かならずといってよいほど引用される本がこの二つの作文技術である．
木下是雄 の 「理科系の作文技術」は，題名が示すとおり，科学・技術関係の報告書や論文を書こうとしている人間を対象としている．この本では，作文というものの考え方，文・文章・段落の作り方，事実と意見の使い分け，講演の要領などに関して，具体例を交えながら詳しく説明している．当然ではあるが，この本が明快・簡潔な日本語のよい具体例となっている．著者の木下は，物理学を専門とし，この分野での研究，論文の執筆と査読の経験が豊富にある．この本には，木下の経験から得られた思想があふれている．
この本は 「理科系」の読者を想定して書かれたものであるが，より一般的な読者を対象とした姉妹編として「レポートの書き方」がある．報告書や論文を書くときに「理科系の」と「一般の」の差は本質的には何もない．この二つの本の中の作文に関する思想は完全に同じである．
本多勝一の 「日本語の作文技術」では，読む側にとってわかりやすく，あいまい性がない文章を書くための方法と原則を追求している．とくに，日本語での作文で重要な修飾・かかり受け，句読点，助詞について，文章を改良して行きながら，作文のための一般的な法則を導きだしている．この本にも姉妹編がある．これは「日本語の作文技術」を教科書とした演習書としての性格をもっている．
二つの 「作文技術」の一方の著者・木下是雄は大学で研究・教育にたずさわってきた物理学者である．もう一方の著者の本多勝一は新聞記者として長い間活動し，ルポルタージュの分野で数多くの記事を精力的に書いてきた．このように活動の舞台は異なるが，「事実」（科学的な理論や実験で得られた事実であれ，取材で得られた事実であれ）を日本語で正確に伝達する方法を作り出そうとする点で二人の目標は完全に一致している．そして，日本語で十分正確に事実を伝えることができることをそれぞれが実証している．
本格的な作文を初めて書くときには，とりあえず二つの「作文技術」を読めというのが最近の私の口癖である．この二つの本は，実は私が博士課程に在学中に出版されたものである．そのころ，私も御多分にもれず作文が大の苦手だった．しかし，この二つの本が出たおかげで博士論文が書けるようになったのである．私の博士論文は，この二つの「作文技術」の方法論の実践結果でもある．この二つの「作文技術」は私の恩人であるといってもよい．
この二つ の「作文技術」は世間でも評価が極めて高いものである．この本がでるまでは，作文技術や文章論に関する本は，感銘を与える文章・情感のこもった文章・文豪の文章などを味わうことに主眼がおかれており，実際に作文するための具体的方法は提示していなかった．これに対して，この二つの本は，「わかりやすさ」に焦点をしぼり，わかりやすい作文を書く方法を初めて具体的に提示したといってよい．これ以降，この二つの本を引用せずに作文技術を語ることはできなくなったと言っても過言ではない．
2.1.2 日本人の英語 マーク・ピーターセンは日本文学の研究者として来日し，その研究のかたわら日本で英語教育にたずさわったという経歴の持ち主である．来日してみてピーターセンは相当なカルチャーショックを受けたらしい．日本でのカルチャーショックと英語教育の経験をもとに，この本では日本人の英語の特質・根本的問題を論じている．
一般に，日本人は英語が下手で，おかしな英語をしゃべったり，書いたりするといわれている．この本では，英語での発想の根本，英語での物事の捉えかた，すなわち英語の文法の背後にある英米人の根源的な思考形態を説明し，これを理解しなければ英語らしい英語はかけないということを強調している．この点で，英語で作文を書く人はこの本を読むとよい．ただし，この本に書かれていることは，英語の基本的な文法以前の問題であるために，ある程度英語に親しんだ人でなければ理解できないことがらも多々含まれている．
この本は，発売当時，英語の教育関係者のみならず出版・ジャーナリズム関係者の間で話題になり，この本から多くの人がショックを受けた．私もショックを受けたが，私が受けたショックは，他の人が受けたショックとは全く異なっているかも知れない．それは，この本で論じられている日本人の英語に関してではなく，ピーターセンの日本語の文体と叙述に対してである．
というのは，この本のような日本語を私は生まれてはじめて読んだのである．ピーターセンの日本語は単語からみても文法的に見ても完全な日本語である．しかし，この日本語の文章は，日本語で書いてあるが，これまでとは全く異質の日本語である．日本人が英文を日本語に訳して出てきた文章ともちがっている．この日本語の説明の手順，主張の仕方，考える道筋，説得の方法などは，日本人の日本語とは全くことなるものである．日本語をつかって日本的ではない思考形態の文章が存在するということが私にとってショックだったのである．
英語で作文をしようとする人は，まずこの日本語の文章の強い説得力をみならうべきだろう．ここで展開されている論理的な道筋が欧米的な思考形態のではないだろうか．この本にも姉妹編がある．
2.1.3 読み書きの技法 この本の特徴は，パラグラフの理論をよりどころにして，論理的で平明な文章を書き，かつ書物を正確に読み解いて行く方法を重点的に説明しているところにある．
ここで言うパラグラフの理論とは，以下のように一つ一つのパラグラフを記述して行く方法論のことである．
* 一つのパラグラフで一つのトピックをのべる．
* パラグラフの第一文では，そのトピックを一つの文でまず述べる（トピックセンテンス）．
* 次のいくつかの文では，このトピックを説明・補足・実証する（サポーティングセンテンス）．
* パラグラフの最後では，パラグラフを決論づける文をかく（サマリセンテンス）．これはトピックセンテンスの主張は同じであるが表現がかわる．
* パラグラフごとのトピックセンテンスをまとめれば，自動的にその文章全体の要約ができる．
このパラグラフ理論は，単純明快な文章を書くための標準的な方法としてあみだされたものであろう．実際には文章表現の面白さや効果をねらって，この形態が様々に変形され使われることが多い．しかし，初心者は原則的にこれにそって原稿を書いてみることをすすめる．パラグラフの理論は木下の「作文技術」でも重要な主題の一つになっている（注ii）．
2.1.4 理科系のためのサバイバル英語入門
受験英語であれだけ鍛えられながら，なぜ我々は科学技術関係の英語の論文や教科書が読めないのか？そして，書けないのか？答えは単純である．科学技術分野には，その分野独自の英語の単語・英語の作文の方法がある．受験英語はこれを教えているわけではないということである．このことは科学技術関係だけではなく，会話・小説・評論・新聞記事に対してもいえることである．受験英語を知ったからといって，すぐに英会話ができるようになるわけでもなく，小説・評論・新聞記事がすぐに読めるようにはなるわけでもない（注iii）．
この本は，受験英語で教えられてきた英語から理科系の英語に早く脱皮するために最適の入門書である．説明や題材も現代の大学生向けに工夫されている点で親しみが持てる．また単なる英文や英会話だけではなく，英語を必要とする理科系の研究者の社会を同時に教えてくれるところもうれしい．ただし，この本の内容は，見た目には優しく見えるが，中身は意外に高度である．この本で理科系の英語の世界にまず親しんで，本格的な英語の作文技術の本を読んでみることをすすめる．
2.1.5 理科系のための英文作法 一つ一つの英文は問題無く書くことができるとして，文と文をどのようにつないで文章を作っていったらよいのだろうか？一つの方法は，接続詞（andやbutなど）を使って文と文をつなぐことである．しかし，接続詞は，文と文がうまくつながらないときに強制的につなげる接着剤として働く．接着剤の多用は，論理の自然なながれを作ることができず，文章全体の骨格をひ弱にする．
この本のテーマは，副題 “ 文章をなめらかにつなぐ四つの法則”が示すとおり，英語で文章を書くときに文と文をつないで行く法則を与えている．この方法は，計算機科学の分野で発達した文章解析技術と「談話文法」から生まれた法則である．この法則は，とくに「理科系」と「英作文」に限定することなく，すべての分野でのどんな言語による作文の際にも適用できる法則である．文と文をつないで行くことにテーマを絞った本は，この本以外に私は知らない．
2.2 辞書 日本語辞書，英日辞書，日英辞書，英英辞書，漢字辞書などの辞書を身近においておくことは作文のための必要条件である．単語の意味やその用法・漢字・送りがな・つづりなどに関して，少しでも疑問が生じたならば，必ず辞書で疑問点を解決しておかなければならない．
重要なことは，原稿を書いているすぐそば（自分の机の上やキーボードの横）に辞書を常においておくことである．小さい辞書でよいから頻繁に利用することである．分厚い辞書では利用するのに実際上不便であるし，辞書に手をだすことが心理的におっくうになる．辞書の出版社などに関しては，どの出版社でも問題はないだろう．信頼のおける出版社であれば，どの辞書を用いてもよい．
最近私は小型の辞書を使うことがおおい．それに，小学校のときにお下がりでもらった辞書をいまもって使っている．私の子供（小学生）の辞書や漢字辞典なども自宅では利用している．日常生活では小学生向けの辞書の方が利用しやすいことが多いからである．工学関係の原稿では，単語の微妙な言い回し（ニュアンス）がそれほど問題になることはなく，単語がもつ中心的な意味だけを知ればよい．このため，特別な場合を除いては小型の辞書でほとんどの用はすんでしまう．
私のこれまでの経験では，計算機を利用した辞書（CDROMや，辞書専用機）は，それほど便利だとは思えない．しかし，このような辞書の方が利用しやすいと考えている人は，それを利用すればよいだろう．重要なことは，こまめに辞書を引くということである．
もう一つ重要なことは，自分で買った自分の辞書をもち，それを使うということである．他人のふんどしで相撲はとれない．他人のふんどしでも相撲がとれるという人がいるかも知れないが，これでは相撲に勝てないだろう．辞書だけではなく，その他の本に関しても同様のことがいえるだろう．
3 論文の書き方について 3.1 論文を書き始める前に（注iv , 注v） 3.1.1 締め切り 論文の投稿に対しては普通締め切りがある．締め切りが定まっている論文を投稿しようとするときには，締め切りを守らなければならない．締め切りを守るということは，その締め切りの日までに論文を投稿すればよいということである．つまり，投稿の締め切り（例えば，○月Ｘ日の17時まで）があったときには，○月Ｘ日17時までに論文が受け取り側に到着すれば，この論文は締め切りに関しては100点満点である．
論文に対して締め切りがある理由は明らかである．論文の受け取り側は，提出された論文を整理したり，印刷に回したり，読んだり，評価したりする．このために受け取りの時間的区切りが必要なのである．したがって，締め切り後に提出された論文に対しては，これらの処理が行われないことになっても，それは仕方がないとしなければならない．例えば修士論文や博士論文が締め切り後に提出されたとき，極端に言えば，その論文が審査されないとしてもしかたががないのである．
一般の学会論文誌に投稿する論文に対しては，特段の締め切りはない．しかし研究成果がでたらすぐに論文を書いて，すぐに投稿するべきである．なぜならば，このような投稿論文に対しては，受け付けの日付がつけられ，この日付が研究成果の先取権を主張するときの重要な証拠になるからである．この受付日が他の論文の受付日よりも一日でも遅ければ，どんなに早く研究結果が得られていたとしても，この研究は二番煎じや三番煎じの研究としての評価を受け，大いに損をすることになる．したがって一般的な論文投稿に関しては毎日が投稿の締め切りであり，その意味では大変厳しい締め切りが設定されていると考えなければならない．
締め切りのない論文誌への投稿がおくれたために，論文のプライオリティがとれないなどということが本当におこるのだろうかと疑問を持つかもしれない．そこで私自身の例（論文のプライオリティ）を取った例を示そう．
私が助手になりたてのころ，私たちのグループでは２次元ディジタルフィルタの量子化誤差の問題を研究していた．この研究は，私が博士課程のときに研究していたテーマである１次元ディジタルフィルタの量子化誤差の解析と最小化の問題の２次元への自然な拡張であった．２次元ディジタルフィルタの量子化誤差の問題については，そのころ世界中では複数のグループが研究しており，その論文の発表も時間の問題だと私はその当時考えていた．我々は，このテーマに関する二つの論文をＩＥＥＥに続けて投稿し，査読の結果，二つとも掲載された．とくにあとの方の論文は，ライバルのグループよりたった２週間だけ受付日がはやいものであり，掲載日は１月だけ早かった．このため，この研究テーマに関しては我々のグループが世界で始めての結果を出したことになっている．このため，我々の論文はこのテーマの初期の研究として必ず引用されている．それも，たった２週間だけ投稿が早かったということが我々にとって大きな利益をもたらしているのである．もし，この投稿がライバルグループよりほんの少しでも遅ければ，それほど引用されることもなかったであろうし，さらには日本からの論文ということで無視されることにもなったであろう．
3.1.2 執筆要領 学会や研究会に論文を投稿したいときに，論文の基本的な形式はどのようにすればよいのだろうか？論文の執筆のために執筆要領や執筆規定とよばれるものがあるので，基本的にはこれに従えばよい．これに従えば形式に関しては問題のない原稿ができあがる．執筆要領は自分が投稿しようとしている論文誌についているか，論文誌を発行している学会から入手できるので，それを利用すればよい．場合によって論文の投稿先の執筆要領が定まってない場合がある．例えば電気関係学会東北支部大会への投稿の場合である．このような場合には自分が主に活動していると考えている学会の投稿規程にそって原稿を書けばよい．
3.2 論文の一般的形式 論文の一般的な形式は次のようなものである．
* 題目
* 著者名，著者所属
* アブストラクト（サマリ）
* まえがき
* 論文の本体
* まとめ（あとがき）
* 謝辞（もし必要ならば）
* 参考文献
* 付録（もし必要ならば）
* 著者紹介（もし必要ならば）
3.2.1 題目 論文の題目は論文の原稿の中で最も重要なものである．題目は論文の名前である．名前がなければ，その論文を探したり，記録したり，引用したりすることができない．このために論文には名前が必要である．
論文の題目は論文の価値を決める．題目によって，この論文を読むかどうかが判断されるからである．さらに，論文を読まない場合でも，題目だけからこの論文の価値を他人は単純に推測する．したがって最も重要なことは，その論文の内容が一目でわかる題目をつけるということである．このため論文の題目を決めるには細心注意を払い，時間をかけることが必要となる．
3.2.2 著者名 単純に考えれば著者名の記述に関しては何も問題がない．この論文に関わった人間の名前を，その重要性と慣習に従ってならべるだけである．
3.2.3 著者所属，連絡先 これも特に問題はない．正式の所属を書く．所属をどれくらいまで詳しく書くかは執筆要領に従えばよい．所属の英文名は，その組織が用いている正式名称を使う．正式名称を調べるには，その組織に問い合わせるか，その組織が出している英文のパンフレットなどを見るとよい．その他の方法としては，論文誌にすでにのっている英文所属名を参考にすればよい．ただし，これがまちがっていることもあるので注意が必要である．
3.2.4 アブストラクト（サマリ） アブストラクトは論文の主な内容を簡潔に要約する部分である．サマリはアブストラクトと同様のものであるが，これよりは幾分長めのものである．
アブストラクトに記述するのは論文の内容のエッセンスである．すなわち論文の目的・研究の方法・結果を簡潔に書く．もし研究の技術的・歴史的背景が重要な場合には，それも書く．ただしアブストラクトは論文のまえがきではないので，研究の背景や他の研究に関して議論することはほとんどない．あくまでも目的・方法・結果を主体としなければならない．
式の記述や参考文献の引用はアブストラクトの中では行わないのが普通である．多くの論文執筆要領にはこのように規定されている．ただし，特定の論文に関しての議論をすることが目的の論文であれば，アブストラクト中で文献の引用を行うこともある．
アブストラクトは題目の次に重要な情報である．読者が題目を見て，この論文を読もうかどうかと考えたときに，次に読むのはこのアブストラクトであるからである．このアブストラクトによって論文が本当に読まれるかどうかが最終的に決まることになる．
アブストラクトの長さは論文執筆要領で決められていることが多いので，必ずこれを守って書くことが必要である．一般には極めて少ない文字数でアブストラクトを書くように決められている．
計算機上の論文データベースには論文のタイトルと著者の他にアブストラクトが掲載されるが，論文の本体は掲載されない．論文誌を直接みてではなくデータベースを使って論文を探すことが最近は多いので，アブストラクトには論文の内容を正確かつ簡潔に書かなければならない．
最近の国際会議や国内会議では，アブストラクトやサマリによって論文を査読し，採否を決定することが多くなっている．このため文字数の少ない文章で自分の研究内容を十分に明確に記述・アピールしなければ，論文は採録されないことになり，海外でも国内でも発表ができなくなる．このようにアブストラクトは，論文誌に掲載された論文を読者が手にとって読むか否かを決めるだけではなく，論文の発表・掲載の可否を決定する重要な文章ともなっている．
3.2.5 まえがき 論文の内容の理解を容易にするために，論文の実質的なはじめの部分の説明文がまえがきである．まえがきでは，この論文で取り上げたテーマ，その研究の重要性，これまでの研究の成果・問題点，自分の研究の方法などを書き，論文の構成について導入的説明を行う．まえがきは論文の内容を容易に理解してもらうための導入文であるから，論文の結果を書く部分ではない．この意味で，まえがきとアブストラクトとは全く異なる．
まえがきは，その研究テーマや研究分野に対する著者の考え方・方法論を述べる部分であり，思想を語る部分である．このため論文本体を書くよりもまえがきを書く方がむずかしいことになる．なぜならば，論文を書こうとしているときには，その研究方法や結果（論文本体）は当然ながら固まっているはずなので，これらに関して説明する本体の部分は一気呵成に書くことができるからである．このため実際に論文を書く場合には，研究の方法や結果を先に書き，その後でまえがきをじっくりと書いた方が楽なことが多い．
3.2.6 論文の本体 論文の本体の部分は研究内容の基礎事項の整理・理論式の展開・実験法の説明・シミュレーション・結果・考察などからなる．これらの内容と書き方は研究テーマや研究手法（理論的なものか，実験的なものか）によって異なるものの，論文の形式の上ではそれほど問題は少ない部分である．
論文本体がうまくかけているかどうかを判断することは極めて容易である．読者がこの論文を一度読んだだけで，著者が主張したい実験結果や理論的な結果を理解し，それを完全に再現することができるようならば，この論文は書き方として合格である．逆にいえば，読者が論文を読んで行った実験なり理論計算の結果が，著者の得たものとは違っているようならば，その論文の書き方は失格である．
3.2.7 謝辞 必要ならば謝辞を書く．謝辞が必要となるのはどのような場合か？これは一概にはいえない．その著者のおかれている研究現場の状況（指導教官との関係，職場の地位，助言者の有無など）や，その論文の種類（学会誌の論文，修士論文，博士論文）による．その研究機関の慣習によるところも大きい．最終的には著者の判断による．
しかし以下のような場合には謝辞を書く必要がある．もしこれを書かないと思わぬところに敵をつくることになりかねないので注意が必要である．原稿の内容や執筆・研究の展開に関して有益な助言や援助（精神的にも金銭的にも）してくれた人や組織に対しは必ず謝辞を必要とする．この人は論文審査委員などとして名前がわかっているかも知れないし，論文の査読者の場合のように匿名になっているかも知れない．名前が分かっていても匿名でも，とにかく謝辞を書くべき相手に対しては謝辞を書くかなければならない．学会の論文の投稿のとき，本当に有益な助言をしてくれた査読者に謝辞を書かない場合に，この査読者が将来の見えない敵になりかねないので注意が必要がある．また最近では公的機関や財団などの研究助成をうけて研究が行われることが多い．このような援助を受けた研究の成果についての論文を書く場合には，その旨の謝辞を書く．
謝辞のための言葉の種類はそれほど多くはなく，決まり文句がいくつかある．基本的にはそれを組み合わせればそれで十分であろう．この決まり文句は多くの場合，少々古めかしい言葉であり，我々が日常つかう言葉とは距離がある．このためどうしても過去の文例をそのまま使うことが多い．しかし最近私が思うことは，謝辞くらいは自分の言葉で書くべきだろうということである．現代の人間が書く簡潔・明晰を旨とする文章においても，それほど古めかしくはなく，現代的な謝辞の表現があるはずである．
3.2.8 参考文献 どんな研究でも完全に新しいということはあり得ないため，これまでの研究の成果・問題点・基礎事項などを明らかにするために参考文献の引用が必要である．自分の成果が，これまでのものとどのように異なるか，これまでのものに比べてどこが新しいか，どれくらい優れているかといったことを明らかにするためにも，参考文献を引用し，比較・検討をする必要がある．参考文献を引用することで，自分の成果の範囲・重要性・オリジナリティを明らかにできる．
参考文献としては可能な限り原典（オリジナルな論文や本）を引用する．引用する側は文献の主な内容を確認して，その内容に関して納得した上で引用する．要するに，自分で引用した文献に関しては責任をもたなければならないということである．孫引きをしたり，内容を知りもしないのに引用したりすることは許されない．このような引用を行うと，あとで怪我をすることにもなりかねない．
参考文献のリストのなかには本文中で引用している文献だけを入れる．逆に参考文献リストの中にある論文は何らかの意味で本文中で必ず引用されていなければならない．
アブストラクトの中では参考文献の引用は行わない．なぜならば，アブストラクトは，それ自身で独立した文章として取り扱われことが多いからである．例えばデータベースや抄録誌にはアブストラクトだけ（もちろん論文タイトルと著者名もあるが）掲載されるため，ここに文献を表す番号や記号があっても，その文献が特定できないからである．ただし特定の文献に関して論じることが論文の主目的である場合には，対象とする論文が分かるようにアブストラクト中で引用することが必要である．
3.2.9 著者紹介 これも特に問題はない．論文執筆要領と論文誌の慣習に従って書けばよい．
4 個別の注意事項 4.1 一文は短めに 簡潔・明晰性を目指す作文では一つ一つの文を短く短くと心がけるべきである．一つの文の長短自体は本質的な問題ではないが，一つの文が長くなると，概して論旨が込み入ってきて一読して文の内容を把握しにくくなることが多い．また文が長くなると，かかり受けが不完全になることも多い．短い文ならば，このような問題点が起こりにくいということである．
一つの文の長さに関連して注意することは，一つの文に一つの内容を盛り込むということである．一つの文に複数の内容を盛り込むと，文の印象が散漫になり，文が与えるインパクトが弱くなり，内容が把握しにくくなる．
ついでに言えば，一つのパラグラフに一つのトピックを盛り込むべきである．逆に言えば一つのトピックが一つのパラグラフをつくる．さらに同様であるが，一つの節・一つの章・一編の論文でも一冊の本でも，それぞれの形式・長さに応じて議論の展開の深さの差はあるものの，主張することはたった一つである．さらに少し大げさにいえば，作家の生涯にわたる全集でも主張は一つであり，さらには一人の人間の一生の間でも主張できることは一つしかないと考えるべきである．
4.2 コンマとピリオドはかっこよく 日本語の作文での読点（以下コンマ “ , ” ）の打ち方の論理に関しては本多勝一の「作文技術」を参照していただきたい．ここには，コンマの機能とその打ち方に関しての単純明快な原則がある．以下ではコンマの打ち方の形式に関する最低限の規則を述べたい．
まず次の三つのコンマの打ち方のうち，どちらが適切かを考えてほしい．
a ) I have a book , and you have a pen .
b ) I have a book , and you have a pen .
c ) I have a book , and you have a pen .
a)では，文字のすぐ後にコンマを打ち，空白を入れて，その後に文字を書いている．b)にはこの空白がない．c)では文字のあとの空白の次にコンマを打ち，その後に文字を書いている．
a)がコンマの打ち方として妥当なものである．c)は論外である．この理由として次のような二つの理由が考えられるだろう．単語や文章を区切る役割をもつコンマは，その後ろではなく，その前にある単語に属するというのが一つの理由である．他の一つの理由は見栄えである．b)の方は，コンマの左右にある文字がコンマにベタッとくっついて見栄えが悪い．
同様な理由でピリオド “ ．” に関しては，次の三つのうちa ) がよい．
a ) I have a book .
You have a pen .
b ) I have a book .
You have a pen .
c ) I have a book .
You have a pen .
標準的な英語・日本語の論文誌や書籍をよく観察して，このようなコンマとピリオドの打ち方を確認してほしい．ただしピリオドの記号 “ ．” には文字列の区切りを表すと同時にくっつける働きもある．例えば12.345やfilname.texのように使われる場合である．このようなものは上の議論からは当然除外される．
多くの学生の文章中ではb )のようなコンマとピリオドの打ち方が頻繁に現れる．私の想像では，計算機中のファイル名の拡張子をつけるためのピリオドの使い方をそのまま文章中に適用しているので，こんなやり方になるのではないだろうか．
数式や記号が英文の一つの文の最後に来るときでも，必ず終わりにピリオドをうつ．英文中の式や記号は文法上は名詞や名詞句として扱われるため，通常の名詞や名詞句と同等の扱いになるからである．
4.3 漢字は適度に使用 かな漢字変換機能を使って文章を書く場合には，漢字の使用のしすぎに注意しなければならない．自分では決して使わないような漢字や，自分では書けそうもない漢字を数多く使って文章を読みにくくすることは，初心者がよくやる失敗である．これは，かな漢字変換機能を使って，ひらがなを手当たりしだい漢字に変換して行くことによって起こる．漢字が多くなりすぎると，論文が読みにくくなる．木下是雄がいう“字面が白くなるように”書くと言うことは，この問題にも関連している．
どのような文字や単語を漢字として書くかに関する指針には以下のものがある．
* 執筆要領ですすめている漢字とかなの使い分けを採用する．
* 常用漢字（２０００字程度）の範囲で書く．
* 中学校までに習った程度の漢字で原稿を書く．
* 自分の手で文章を書くときに漢字で書く文字や単語は漢字で書く．
要は，機械に振り回されることなく，機械を完全に自分のコントロール下におくということである．
4.4 印刷すべし 文章の推敲と校正は紙に印刷した原稿をみて行わなければならない．ワープロや計算機のディスプレイ上で推敲と校正ができないわけではない．しかしディスプレイは紙に比べて狭く見にくいために，ディスプレイ上の原稿は読みづらくなり，推敲と校正には不便である．それに，紙の上に書かれた論文を読者はみるのであるから，他人が（読者が）自分の論文をどのようにみるかをより客観的に考えるために，当然，印刷した原稿によって推敲と校正をする方がよい．できれば最終形態に近い形に印刷して原稿を眺める方が推敲と校正の緊張感もましてよいと思う．
4.5 図と表 図のキャプションは図の下に書き，表のキャプションは表の上に書く．これがキャプションの一般的な位置である．とくに問題がなければ，原稿中の図と表の配置は図や表が現れるページの上におかれることが多い．標準的な出版物をみて，実際にこのことを確めてほしい．この理由は，図や表が下方にあり，ページの下の方が白くあいたように見えると，ページの見た目の安定性に欠けるからだと私は想像する．ただしページや図・表の都合によって，これにあてはまらない配置もしばしばある．
4.6 基数詞と順序数詞 n 回（基数詞）と第 n 回（順序数詞）の違いは誰にでもわかるだろう．しかし，実際の文章では，基数詞と順序数詞の混乱が多い．言うまでもなく，前者は回数がnであることであり，これはn=1ならば単数であり，n>1ならば複数である．後者は，n番目の回で，これは単数である．伝統的な日本語では，この基数詞と順序数詞の区別がハッキリとはできていないのだという．
4.7 冠詞，三単現のｓ，単数・複数など 英語で論文を書く場合には文法的に完全な英文を書かなければならない．ここで“文法的に完全な”とは，中学校程度の文法でみて完全であるという程度の意味である．この程度の文法に従うことはいたって簡単なはずである．しかし現実には英文の原稿中にかなり多くの文法上の初歩的まちがいがある．このような初歩的なまちがいが多いと，論文の内容も初歩的な部分でまちがっている（簡単に言えば，大マチガイ）と読者（査読者）が考えても無理はない．第一，このような論文を読む気にはなれないだろう．もし論文が読まれなければ，その価値はゼロとなってしまう．
実際に次のような点での初歩的な文法の誤りが多い．
* 冠詞の aとanの付け間違 い
* 冠詞 a ( an ) とtheの使い分 け
* 冠詞 a ( an ) のついた名詞が複数形になる
* 三単現のsがあったりなかったり
* 自動詞を他動詞や受動態として使ってしまう
* 語尾の変化のまちがい（動詞の過去形・過去分詞形・名詞の複数形）
これらに関連する文法は誰でも知っているだろう．しかし実際の原稿には以上のまちがいが本当に多い．この規則はきわめて単純であり，全く形式的なことであるため，まちがえるはずがないことである．
原稿を書く人は自分の書いた原稿を（すくなくとも一つ一つの文ごとに）客観的にみて，チェックすべきである．自分の書いた原稿に，ほんの少しでもあいまいなところがあると感じたならば，辞書や文法書（中学生の教科書や受験参考書程度でよい）で確認しなければならない．しかし私のこれまでの経験でわかったことは，実はこの指示は不十分な指示であるということである．つまり“ほんの少しでもあいまいなところがあると感じたならば”，そのようにしなければならないが，そう感じなければ，そうしなくてもよいというのが，この指示の論理的な帰結だからである．
英文原稿の文法的チェックとは幾分はなれるかもしれないが，書いた原稿がわかりやすいかどうか，読みやすいかどうか，文法的まちがいがないかどうかを考えるためには，声にだして原稿を読んでみるとよい．声を出して読みにくい原稿は，どんな読み方でも（黙読でも精読でも熟読でも）読みにくく，わかりにくく，文法的なまちがいがあるものになっているのに違いないからである．
4.8 送りがなとスペルチェック 日本語でも英語でも原稿を書く際には，計算機やワープロによる送りがなのチェックやスペルチェックを必ず行った方がよい．このような文字列の単純なチェックの仕事は計算機が最も得意とすることであるから，この機能は是非とも使った方がよい．
もっとはっきり言えば，使わなければならないのである．このチェックをせずに，送りがなが適切ではなく，スペルミスがある原稿を出す場合がしばしばある．これが少しでもあると，著者の推考が不十分であると見なされる．計算機やワープロを使って原稿を書いている現在では，送りがなのミスやスペルのミスはゼロにできるといってよい．このような単純ミスがある原稿は，極めて不注意で不完全な原稿であると現代の多くの読者は考えるであろう．
かな漢字変換の機能を使うと思わぬ誤変換をするので注意をすることが必要である．例えば
“ 符号 ” （ふごう）はよ く “ 符合 ” となってでてくる．計算機によるかな漢字変換でまちがって書かれる単語は，人間がまちがって書く単語とだいぶ異なる．このため，かな漢字変換には十分注意しなければならない．要は，機械を盲信することなく，自分の目でたしかめながら書くということが必要であるということである．
原稿の単語やスペルのチェックのためにも，前述のように最終形態に近い形に原稿を印刷して，これをながめた方がよい．
4.9 文章の個性 この草稿で述べたことや，その他の作文技術の本で紹介されている標準的な方法で原稿を書こうとすると，分かりやすい文章が簡単に書けるかも知れないが，文章に個性がなくなるというおそれを抱くかもしれない．これに関しては次の二つのことを答えておこう．まず，文章の個性よりは分かりやすさを優先することが作文の第一の目標である．したがって個性のない文章でもかまわない．次に，私が見る限りでは，このような方法で文章を書いたからといって，文章に個性がなくなることありえないと思う．それは，長いあいだ同じような教育を受けてきても，人それぞれに声の質が異なり，口調が異なり，考え方が異なっていることと同じであろう．
余談になるが，学会や研究会にでかけると様々な人たちと知り合いになることが多い．その人たちが書いた論文を，その人たちの口調や癖をまねてまねて読んでみると，いままで難しいと思っていた論文が意外に分かりやすくなることが多いことを最近私は発見した．このことを“謦咳（けいがい）に接する”と昔の人は言ったのだと思う．
4.10 らぬき言葉
“ 食べれ る ” ・“ 来れ る ” ・ “ 見れ る ” などのいわゆ る “ ら抜きこと ば ” を日常生活でつかったり，原稿中でつかうことは，それほど問題がないと私は個人的には考えている．なぜならば，このことば使いで十分正確に意味をつたえることができるからである．この“ら抜き言葉”を見たり聞いたりして，意味を取りちがえる人はいないだろう．
このような意味で，この言葉がなぜマスコミをにぎわし，話題になるのか私には分からない．マスコミや評論家は単なる単語に目くじらをたてるのではなく，会話や文章の論理的構造にこそもっと注意を向けるべきだろう．なぜならば，単なる単語の間違いや単語が時代とともに変化することは，会話や文章の論理性に比べれば小さな問題だと私は考えているからである．会話や文章の論理性に関して記事を書いたり，コメントしたりすることは，そうたやすいことではない．このため多くの人が単純に興味をもち議論できる“ら抜きことば”という単語を話題にするのではないだろうか？
それほど問題がないと私が先に書いたのは，すこしは問題があるからである．すなわち“ら抜き言葉”にはデメリットがあるからである．いま思いつくデメリットを二つあげてみよう．
* 文章で用いられることばは，どの時代においても多かれ少なかれ会話で用いられることばとは異なっている．具体的に言えば，意味や用法が安定した言葉，すなわちすこし前の時代の言葉が文章中では使われる．また，論文では，あいまいさのない叙述をすることが目標であるから，多くの読者にとって共通のことばをつかうべきである．したがって，より安定していて，広い範囲で受け入れられる言葉“らあり言葉”を論文中では用いた方がよいことになる．この点で“ ら抜き言葉” にはデメリットがある．
* “ ら抜きこと ば ” に関して，多くの人間がどのように受け取るかも考える必要がある．現在でも，この言葉は気持ちがわるいと感じたり，品がないと感じたりする人は多い（私もその一人である）．この点では“ら抜き言葉” にはデメリットがある．
以上のよう な “ ら抜き言 葉 ” のデメリットを考えると，論文を書くためには“らあり言葉”を使った方がよいと考えられる．したがって，現代の（１９９０年代）の論文では“らあり言葉”を用いることを私はすすめる．
5 付録または蛇足 5.1 私がこだわる理由 このごろ私が作文技術にこだわっている理由は，実は1.2で述べたようなことだけではなく，他にもあるのである．というのは，日本語で作文をするということと，数学の式を書くこと・計算機のプログラムを書くこと・英文を書くことは，すべて関連していると私は考えているからである．これらは，日本語と英語，自然言語と数式・計算機言語という違いはあっても，特定の文法と単語に基づく広い意味での作文であることには違いない．したがって，これらの中の一つの作文ができるようになると，他の作文もできるようになるのではないか？逆にいえば，一つの作文ができないと，他の作文もできないのではないかと私は心配している．我々の研究・教育の日常において，以上の作文技術はすべて不可欠のものである．だから私は最近“ 作文 ” に興味を持ち，こだわっているのである．
広い意味で の “ 作文 ” の能力には相関があるということを十分に説明する時間はいまはないので，思いつく例をあげてみよう．例えばD. クヌース（計算機科学者，TEX開発者）・L. ランポート( LATEXの開発者）・R. ストールマン( Emacsの開発者）は計算機関係の分野で優れた仕事をしており，優れたプログラマーでもある．彼らの書いた英文のエッセイやマニュアルは単純明快な英語で書かれていて，本当に読みやすい．我々に身近な科学の分野でも寺田寅彦・岡潔・湯川秀樹・朝永振一郎などは，科学の分野で優れた業績をあげていると同時に，優れた評論や随筆を著している．さらに話を芸術の分野にまで飛躍させて考えてみれば，岩城宏之（指揮者）・武光徹（作曲家）・柴田南雄（作曲家）・平山郁夫（画家）なども，彼らの活動の中心となっている芸術の分野で優れた業績を残していると同時に，評論・随筆の分野でも魅力的な仕事をしている．これらは偶然のことだろうか？
5.2 作文技術のための勉強法 作文技術の “ 受動的な勉強法 ” としてのほとんど唯一の方法は，日ごろから論文を数多く読むことであろう．ここで受動的とは，作文をせずに作文に関して勉強するということである．これは，英会話の能力を高めようとするときに，英語のテープを聞いたり，英語のビデオを見たりすることに相当する．この勉強だけで英会話ができるようになることは期待できないが，英会話の現場を知り，聞き取り能力を増すためには必要なことだろう．これと同様に，論文を読んだからといって，それがすぐに作文の能力に結びつくことにはならない．しかし論文を読んだことがなければ，作文ができないであろう．したがって論文を読むことは作文のための必要条件といってよい．
ここで言う論文とは，ある事柄について論じている文章や報告している文章・説明するための文章である．科学技術関係の報告・原著論文・解説だけではなく，計算機関連のマニュアル，さらには小説・随筆・評論・新聞社説なども論文として広く考えてよい．作文技術の向上を目指して読むべき論文は読むに値する論文である．読むに値する論文とは，事実または真実の十分な裏付けがあり，論理性の高いものである．
上で述べたことと同様なことであるが，自分の関連する分野の優れた教科書をじっくり読むことも作文技術の向上に役に立つ．とくに米国からは優れた教科書が数多く出版されているので，これを読むとよい．できれば英語でそのまま読むのがよい．英語では読むのがつらいならば，そのきちんとした訳本を読むとよい．訳本でも説明の仕方・論法・説得力などが十分にわかる．また教科書ではなく，科学技術分野のジャーナリスティックな本もよい．これに関しても米国から多くのすぐれた書籍が出版され，翻訳も多い．科学技術分野のジャーナリスティックな本を読むと，研究の背景や研究者のエピソード・思想などがわかって面白い．
注i： 紹介したい本がまだまだたくさんある．とても書ききれないので，これだけにしておく．もっと知りたい人は私に直接たずねてください．
注ii： 私はパラグラフを意識して原稿を書いているつもりだが，パラグラフの理論を意識して原稿をかいたことはない．これから，この理論にしたがって原稿を書いてみるつもりでいる．
注iii： 私は受験英語を否定するつもりはない．このおかげで，数多くの英単語（１万語？）が覚えられ，基本的な文法，熟語があんなに短時間で覚えられるからである．あとは，英語を利用する現場にあわせて，頭を切り替えることが必要なだけである．
注iv： 原稿を書く前には，書くべきこと・書きたいことがあり，それがまとまっていることが望ましい．しかし実際には，自分では内容がまとまっているつもりでも，いざ原稿を書こうとすると，実験や計算の不足・資料の不足・考察の不足などが出てくる．したがって原稿を書く前に内容が固まっていることが理想であるものの，原稿を書きながら内容も確固としたものにして行くという方法を取らざるをえない．また，それで十分である．
注v：原稿を書くためには，どのような内容をどのような順番でかくかということに関しての計画を練り，これを目の前に出して客観的に眺める必要がある．私は，論文に書くべき項目・順番を頭の中だけではで組み立てることができないたちなので，紙の上に何回も書き直して計画を練る．この計画を練るときには，いろいろなことが頭の中でバラバラに現れてくるので，それを何枚もの紙の上に書き，この紙を机の上でならべなおしたりする．いわば，多次元空間中に現れるランダムな情報を一次元の直線の上に秩序よくならべる作業が原稿を書く前には必要となっている．この多次元・ランダムな情報を直線の上にのせることが私にとっての論文を書く作業の重要な部分である．このような作業は，ワープロやエディタでは効率が悪くてとてもできない．ワープロやエディタ上では，もともと直線的な思考しかできず，多元的な情報を処理することには向かない．これはやはり紙を使ってやるのがよいと私は思っている．
IOLib : a CommonLisp I/O library
Overview
IOlib is to be a better and more modern I/O library than the standard Common Lisp library .
It contains : a socket library , a DNS resolver , an I/O multiplexer ( which supports select ( 2 ) , epoll ( 4 ) and kqueue ( 2 ) ) , a pathname library and file - system utilities
Plans for future development include adding support for client - side of common protocols such as HTTP( S ) , SMTP and more ...
Download
Supported Platforms
OS Version CPU Implementations SBCL CMUCL Clisp Clozure GNU / Linux 2.6.34 / Glibc 2.11 x86 OK ( 1.0.41 ) OK ( 20 b ) OK ( 2.49 ) OK ( 1.6 - r13993 ) GNU / Linux 2.6.34 / Glibc 2.11 x86_64 OK ( 1.0.39 ) N/ A Untested Untested FreeBSD 7.1 x86 OK ( 1.0.23 ) OK ( 19e ) OK ( 2.44.1 )
Untested
Support
Mailing Lists
You can find instructions for downloading IOLib releases and development sources on the download page
For general discussion and development use iolib - devel .
Release announcements are also posted on iolib - announce
IRC
The author ( fe[ nl ] ix ) is usually in the channels #iolib and #lisp on irc.freenode.net
Reporting bugs
To report a bug or request a feature , please file a bug report ; to do that you need a launchpad account .
Licence
IOLib is licenced under an MIT - like licence .
Protests in the Pakistani city of Quetta against Rushdie 's award
Enlarge Image
Religious Affairs Minister Mohammad Ejaz ul - Haq 's comments were widely seen as justifying suicide attacks because Sir Salman had insulted Islam .
But High Commissioner Robert Brinkley said it was untrue that the knighthood was intended to insult Islam .
Sir Salman 's book The Satanic Verses sparked worldwide protests in 1989 .
' Blasphemous book '
Mr Brinkley was summoned to the Pakistani foreign ministry in Islamabad on Tuesday afternoon .
A spokesman for Mr Brinkley said he " made clear the British government 's deep concern at what the minister for religious affairs was reported to have said " .
I am thrilled and humbled to receive this great honour , and am very grateful that my work has been recognised in this way
Sir Salman Rushdie
Your reaction : emails from around the world
" The British government is very clear that nothing can justify suicide bomb attacks , " the spokesman added .
Mr Brinkley was summoned so that Pakistan could protest against Britain 's " utter lack of sensitivity " in knighting Sir Salman , the foreign ministry spokeswoman said .
Mr Brinkley was told that the honour countered attempts by both countries to build mutual understanding .
The BBC's Barbara Plett in Islamabad says the diplomatic row is heated but that so far it has stayed mostly within official circles .
Pakistan 's national parliament passed a resolution on Monday condemning the award .
The assembly of the North West Frontier Province passed a similar resolution on Tuesday .
If someone commits suicide bombing to protect the honour of the Prophet Mohammad , his act is justified
Pakistan Religious Affairs Minister Mohammad Ejaz ul - Haq
There have been some street protests but only by small numbers of hard line Islamist activists .
A fatwa against Sir Salman was issued in 1989 in Iran , calling for his execution .
Iranian conservatives on Tuesday criticised Britain 's Queen Elizabeth over the decision to confer the knighthood on Mr Rushdie .
" Salman Rushdie has turned into a hated corpse which cannot be resurrected by any action , " First Deputy Speaker Mohammad Reza Bahonar told Iran 's parliament .
" The action by the British Queen in knighting Salman Rushdie , the apostate , is an unwise one , " he said to loud applause from MPs .
" The British monarch lives under this illusion that Britain is still a 19th Century superpower and that bestowing titles is something still deemed important . "
Perceived blasphemy
On Monday Religious Affairs Minister Eijaz ul - Haq caused uproar in Pakistan 's parliament when he was accused of inciting violence during a debate of Sir Salman 's knighthood .
The knighthood has generated anger in Pakistan
" If someone commits suicide bombing to protect the honour of the Prophet Mohammad , his act is justified , " he said , according to Reuters news agency .
Like Iran , Pakistan is an Islamic republic with an overwhelmingly Muslim population which saw violent protests against The Satanic Verses in 1989 .
Sir Salman , 60 , was one of almost 950 people to appear on the Queen 's Birthday Honours list , which is aimed at recognising outstanding achievement .
The controversial Indian - born author 's fourth book - The Satanic Verses in 1988 - describes a cosmic battle between good and evil and combines fantasy , philosophy and farce .
It was immediately condemned by the Islamic world because of its perceived blasphemous depiction of the Prophet Muhammad .
It was banned in many countries with large Muslim communities and in 1989 Ayatollah Khomeini , Iran 's spiritual leader , issued a fatwa .
In 1998 , the Iranian government said it would no longer support the fatwa , but some groups have said it is irrevocable .
The following year , Sir Salman returned to public life .
You may have to kiss that summer trip to the beach goodbye later this century , thanks to rising sea levels and more intense tropical storms , scientists predict .
A new study of the potential sand losses to North Carolina beaches reports that a 1 - foot rise in sea level in the next 25 to 75 years ( which is at the lower end of the range predicted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ) would cause the coast to move inland by 2,000 to 10,000 feet and could cost an estimated $ 223 million in lost recreational value by 2080 to beach - goers in that state alone .
Predicting exactly how much beaches will shrink is impossible because beach erosion rates are highly variable , even between points that are only a few miles apart .
The make - up of each beach 's sand , the absence or presence of jetties and other man-made structures meant to retain sand , and offshore topography ( which influences wave formation ) , all affect erosion rates .
But even with all the uncertainty , scientists say the future of our beloved sandy havens does n’t look good .
“ We have no way of predicting what sea level rise will do to erosion rates , except to say that they will increase , ” said Duke University geologist Orrin Pilkey , who was not involved in the new study .
Forces of erosion
Hurricanes pose a particular threat to beaches because the floods of ocean water they can push onshore , called storm surge , can wash away large amounts of sand .
Typically the sand returns to the beaches ( so there ’s plenty available to build that sandcastle or bury your dad ) .
But if global warming intensifies hurricanes as some have predicted ( either by increasing their frequency or the strength of individual storms ) , it may also impair beaches ’ ability to recover .
For North Carolina ’s beaches , the report says , even if hurricanes strike with their current frequency and intensity , sea level rise will make the effects of the storms worse .
Sea level rise is another ominous potential eroding force , at least for beaches that are highly developed .
When seas rise , undeveloped beaches can simply shift further inland , but because roads , buildings and other man-made structures act as a barrier , the sand at developed beaches cannot migrate backward .
Effectively , relentless waves will wear away the sand and these beaches will shrink until there ’s simply no sand left for sunbathing or seaside strolls .
“ We create the [ beach erosion ] problem , ” Pilkey said .
In fact , Pilkey says , the building of jetties and sea walls may be doing the most damage for now , because while they preserve a small portion of the shoreline near the structure , they actually result in more coastal erosion further from the structure than would have occurred naturally .
“ I suspect that may be more important than sea level rise , ” he told LiveScience , but that trend will eventually change later , with global warming ’s forces surpassing the impact of sea walls and jetties .
For West Coast U.S. beaches , erosion from sea level rise and storms is less of a threat than on the East Coast , because the " left " coastline tends to be higher and steeper , but that does n’t mean beach - goers there are in the clear .
One of the main sources of sand for these beaches is river transport , but dams built along western rivers block this sand , which causes the beaches to erode .
More crowded beaches
With beaches slowly vanishing from the coasts , vacationers might have to find some other way to entertain themselves and soak up the sun in the summer in the coming decades .
“ I ’m predicting that they [ will take ] fewer beach trips , ” said lead author of the North Carolina study John Whitehead of Appalachian State University in North Carolina .
The report was funded by the National Commission on Energy Policy , a bipartisan , non -profit group of energy experts .
By surveying beach - goers , Whitehead found that people prefer wider beaches , which provide more room for throwing Frisbees and eating sandy sandwiches .
By determining how far people will drive to these roomier beaches and calculating the cost of those drives , Whitehead estimated the millions of dollars that would be lost to vacationers .
And for those for whom the allure of a vacation at the beach is simply irresistible , few options will be left , as the only beaches to survive would likely be the ones that are undeveloped now .
“ People would have more limited beach options , ” sociologist Maureen Harrington of Griffith University in Australia said in an email interview .
“ [ They ] would have to go to beaches that are able to migrate , that are not urbanized … so these beaches would be more crowded . ”
The rumor , first floated by DSL Reports , has been confirmed : VoIP carrier SunRocket has apparently gone out of business .
Second only to Vonage in terms of user base , SunRocket showed its first signs of trouble weeks ago when it stopped taking new service orders .
Although the company ’s website still offers a “ 3 months free ” service promotion and incentive ads to switch from Vonage , SunRocket ’s customer service line offers no explanation other than the recorded message , “ We are no longer taking customer service or sales calls . ”
No official statement has been released by the company .
Meanwhile , VoIP competitors are already swooping in on SunRocket ’s still fresh carcass .
Nuvio CEO Jason
Talley released a statement saying , “ We are very excited about the former customers of SunRocket joining the Nuvio family . ”
Keep in mind that no customer support agreement between SunRocket and Nuvio has been announced , so Nuvio 's statement is opportunistic at best , and could be misleading to some SunRocket customers .
Over at Vonage , the embattled VoIP carrier fighting a Verizon patent lawsuit , the only new news is that the company has named former SAP rep Karen Cleeve as its new spinmeister .
Photo : Ardyiii
The Languages
Footnotes
In several cultures through out history , like the Karen Paduang of Southeast Asia , the ancient Han of China and the ancient native tribes of the Paracas region of Peru , various body modification practices where quite common .
In fact , among the members of these cultures unusual body shapes were ( and in some cases still are ) considered very beautiful .
Parents went to great lengths to achieve these shapes using mechanical devices to mold an infant 's growth into a particular shape .
For example , among the Karen Paduang this procedure resulted in women with very , very long necks .
In the case of the Han it was women with very tiny , actually unusable feet .
For the natives of the Paracas region of Peru it was large cone shaped skulls .
Although grotesque by Western standards , the individual subjected to these procedures was considered significantly more beautiful then a person shaped along more natural lines .
However , if you removed these people from their culture and time to cast them into many modern societies they would be considered very , very strange at the least and grotesque at worst .
Fascinating , you say , but what does this have to do with computer science and more specifically languages ?
In many cases , the communities that form around languages are very similar to the insular communities that created these practices .
To take this analogy one step further , in many ways programming languages act quite a lot like the devices used to shape the skulls of infants in Paracas , the feet of Han women or the necks of Karen Paduang women .
In the case of these languages , instead of shaping the skull they tend to shape the way we think about problems , the way we form ideas and the way those ideas are applied to a particular problem .
For example , if you have only every written code in early versions of Fortran ( Fortran 77 and before ) then you probably do n't even know recursion exists .
Also , if you have only ever coded in Haskell you probably would know very little about imperative style loops .
If I might take a bit my own history as an example , very early in my forays into coding I came across a problem requiring a search through a directory structure .
I quickly came up with an imperative - loop - based solution that did the job .
Unfortunately , the code was ugly and ( if I may borrow a term from the refactoring community ) it did n't quite smell right .
I did n't know what the right solution was but I knew I did n't have it .
At that time , the public internet was a new fangled thing but I had already found it to be useful for gathering information .
So I searched for solutions that others had found to similar problems .
Eventually , I came across a piece of code that used recursion to walk the tree instead of imperative looping .
It took me a little while to get my mind around this new concept , having never been exposed to non-imperative code .
However , once I did , I realized that the recursive solution was a much cleaner and more natural solution for this problem .
Recursion is n't always a more natural solution then imperative iteration , but in this case it was .
That made me think about this type of problem in a completely different light .
It added another tool to my toolbox .
If I had been exposed to functional languages before this point , it would have saved me a great deal of time and trouble .
This is a minor example , but it does help prove a point : what a language allows and does not allow affects how you think about problems .
This is an extremely important realization because it means that , with certain caveats , the more programming languages you know the more insight you may have into the solution to a particular coding problem .
So , if you accept the fact that languages tend to mold your way of thinking about problems then you can easily see how languages can be compared to these body modification devices we spoke of earlier .
If Programing Languages can be compared to these devices then we , the users of programming languages , can be compared to the subjects that undergo modification .
Granted , the comparison is not exact .
As engineers , we do n't start out with a nice round head .
We have to work to achieve it using the same tools that provided the initial distortion .
To elaborate , we all start out learning a single language and that language affects the shapes our ' mind ' so to speak .
This initial language pushes our mind out in one direction , perhaps upward .
So after we learn a single language most of us are walking around with a big cone shaped mind .
Unfortunately , many of us never go on to learn any other languages .
We keep our big cone shaped mind for the entirety of our career .
That may not be a bad thing .
If you are solidly embedded in a particular ' language culture ' then cone - shaped minds are probably considered quite beautiful .
In fact , you may be considered some type of elder because of the cone - iness of your mind .
We tend to call these people Gurus and they are deserving of some respect .
These cone - shaped minds are probably not considered all that beautiful out side of their specific ' language culture ' .
C gurus are n't going to be very useful in Scheme community and Scheme gurus are n't going to be very useful to the C community .
That 's bad because both languages have ideas and features that are generally useful to understand .
Those Cone minds that keep to a single language throughout their entire career are never realize their full potential .
That 's unfortunate because a programmer with a well - shaped mind is generally more efficient and better able to find the most elegant solution to a problem .
In fact , he ceases to be a programmer and becomes an Engineer .
If he is diligent and studies hard he may even become a Good Engineer .
Now , about this time you are probably thinking to yourself , ' I do n't really like the idea of walking around with a big cone - shaped mind . '
If thats the case , great !
Fortunately , unlike the natives of Paracas , you can do something about they way your algorithmic ' mind ' is shaped .
How do you go about reshaping your mind ?
Well , it 's not a simple process , you basically need to force your mind into a new shape using the devices that warped your mind in the first place .
You must learn more and distinctly different languages .
Each language forces your mind to grow in a different direction .
Learn enough languages and your mind will have a nice round shape .
So how many languages do you have to learn and what languages are the best ?
There is no fixed number .
I usually suggest five as a minimum number and recommend ten or fifteen .
That may sound like a lot but after the first couple languages picking up new ones starts becoming much easier .
In that regard its a little like picking up a new spoken language .
For example , if you know Spanish then Portuguese is n't all that hard .
If you know Spanish and Portuguese , then Italian is pretty simple .
If you know Spanish , Portuguese and Italian , then picking up French is a snap .
This goes on and on .
In the case of programing languages there are a small number of additional rules you need to apply to get the most out of this process , but the overall process is the same .
The additional rules are listed below .
1 . Each language must come from a different family oflanguages .
See this history of languages information .
2 .
All three major paradigms ( Procedural , Object Oriented , and Functional ) must be covered .
3 .
At least two minor paradigms ( Concurrent and Logic / Declarative ) must be covered .
4 .
Both static typing and dynamic typing need to be represented .
If you have never heard of functional programing and do n't have a clue what procedural means do n't worry .
I will help you out a bit by providing a list of languages broken down by family and paradigm at the end of this little missive .
As you learn new languages you will soon have a good idea of the different families of languages and the paradigms they represent .
Before you know it , you will know quite a few different languages and you 'll be able to think about problems from many different angles and your mind will have a nice round shape .
You will be able think clearly about a programing problem in any number of ways instead of the small number of ways your previous cone - shaped mind allowed .
Dave Thomas of Pragmatic Programmers ( not Wendy's ) fame came up with the idea of learning a language each year .
They started a group to accomplish this back in 2002 .
Unfortunately it seems to have started and stopped all in that same year .
A language breakdown by family is available on the ' History of Programming Languages ' information
As for the breakdown by type , I am not going to try to do this for every language available .
So I am just going to give you a list of ten of fifteen programming languages broken down according to the rules I provided previously .
This should give you enough of a group to pick five that interest you .
Descriptions are arranged as follows ( [ paradigms ] , Typing , Family ) .
If family does n't exist assume the language is in its own family .
Erlang ( [ Functional , Concurrent , Distributed ] , Dynamic Typing ) Forth or Postscript ( Dynamic Typing ) Mercury ( [ Logic , Declarative ] , Dynamic Typing ) Prolog ( [ Logic , Declarative ] , Dynamic Typing ) Mozart - Oz ( [ Functional , Procedural , Object Oriented , Logic , Distributed , Concurrent ] , Dynamic Typing ) Lisp ( [ Functional , Procedural , Object Oriented , Logic ] , DynamicTyping , Lisp ) Scheme ( [ Functional , Object Oriented , Logic ] , Dynamic Typing , Lisp ) Ada ( [ Procedural , Object Oriented , Concurrent ] , Static Typing , Pascal ) ( Another resource ) Python ( [ Procedural , Object Oriented , Functional ] , Dynamic Typing ) Haskell ( [ Functional , Lazy ] , Static Typing ) Lua ( [ Procedural , Object Oriented ] , Dynamic Typing ) Ruby ( [ Object Oriented ] , Dynamic Typing , Smalltalk ) Smalltalk ( [ Object Oriented ] , Dynamic Typing , Smalltalk ) SML ( [ Functional ] , Static Typing , SML ) Ocaml ( [ Functional ] , Static Typing , SML ) Clean ( [ Functional ] , Static Typing ) D ( [ Procedural , Object Oriented ] , Static Typing , Algol ) I did n't include the languages that are common ( C, C++ , Perl , Java ) because there is a good chance you already know them .
They also do n't count for the purposes of this exercise ( C, C++ , and Java are all part of the Algol family and would only count once anyway ) .
Feel free to choose other languages that you may be aware of and find interesting .
This list is only a ' Getting Started ' list .
I strongly suggest that you learn a Lisp dialect and a Forth .
These two languages are very good at shaping your mind and the two languages specifically tend to force the shape of your mind in opposite directions .
Its a somewhat painful process but well worth the quick results .
At the very least make sure that one of these languages is included on your list .
Thanks to a comment by Vince I have found that I am not the only one thinking along these lines , not that I actually thought I was .
In the linguistics community there seems to be a hypothesis call the Sapir–Whorf hypothesis
that describes something similar .
Also Kenneth Iverson gave his Turing Award lecture around the same topic .
It was called " Notation as a tool of thought " .
Unfortunately , I can't seem to find a good link for it right now .
Early sales indicate that DRM - free music is noticeably more popular than DRMed music , EMI senior VP Lauren Berkowitz recently told Bloomberg .
The world 's third - largest music label began selling its music without copyright protections last month through Apple 's iTunes Store and reports back that sales have been " good . "
Berkowitz said that sales of Pink Floyd 's Dark Side of the Moon were up 350 percent in the week after iTunes Plus launched .
That has since leveled off , but sales of the album are still up 272 percent since going DRM - free .
As music industry blog Coolfer points out , digital sales for other EMI artists have risen as well , such as Smashing Pumpkins ' Siamese Dream ( 17 percent ) , Norah Jones ' Come Away with Me ( 24 percent ) , and Coldplay 's A Rush of Blood to the Head ( 115 percent ) .
During that same time period , CD sales for those same albums dropped by 15 percent , 33 percent , and 24 percent , respectively .
Although the iTunes Store was the first online store through which EMI sold its DRM - free tracks , Amazon recently said that it will also be selling DRM - free EMI songs through its newly - announced music store later this year .
EMI has also struck deals with other online stores to sell its unprotected music , such as f.y.e. and 7digital .
The spike in sales can probably be at least partly attributed to the rush of users dying to upgrade their DRMed iTunes Music to the DRM - free versions upon initial release .
However , EMI appears to be confident that its DRM - free music will continue to sell well , even after the initial excitement dies down .
The other major music labels are rumored to be considering DRM - free music as well , but are taking a wait - and - see approach .
Apple 's Steve Jobs is also said to be putting heavy pressure on the remaining labels to follow EMI 's lead .
If EMI manages to maintain increased sales in its post - DRM world , though , Universal and Warner may in fact be tempted to drop the DRM sooner than later .
Gen Hoar was one of the signatories of the letter
They said such action would have " disastrous consequences " for security in the Middle East and also for coalition forces in Iraq .
They said the crisis over Tehran 's nuclear programme must be resolved through diplomacy , urging Washington to start direct talks with Iran .
The letter was published in Britain 's Sunday Times newspaper .
It was signed by :
Lt Gen Robert Gard , a former military assistant to the US defence secretary
Gen Joseph Hoar , a former commander - in- chief , US Central Command
Vice Adm Jack Shanahan , a former director of the Center for Defense Information
" As former US military leaders , we strongly caution against the use of military force against Iran , " the authors said .
Iran 's account of its nuclear programme has not satisfied the US
They said such action would further exacerbate regional and global tensions .
" A strategy of diplomatic engagement with Iran would serve the interests of the US and the UK and potentially could enhance regional and international security , " the letter said .
It also said that " the British government has a vital role play in securing a renewed diplomatic push and making it clear that it will oppose any recourse to military force " .
The US and its Western allies suspect Iran of using its nuclear programme as a cover to produce nuclear weapons , a claim denied by Tehran .
HAVE YOUR SAY
We can't really use diplomacy since the US has alienated most of the world
Chris Johnson , St Louis , USA
Send us your comments
The US has also recently beefed up its military presence in the Gulf .
Sweet – Halloween is still five months away and I ’ve found my costume .
Any bets on how long I could make it before getting beaten up ?
via Electric Escape
Get information and help regarding your Gambling Addiction from poker , roulette and blackjack rehabbed players !
If you love the Hockey , you must also Love The Baseball .
Are you a gamer ?
Do you like to play Poker , Roulette & Black - Jack ?
At Gamer Play you will get the information on how to be a true gamer .
Just days after the first public reports of viruses being written for an upcoming feature of Microsoft 's Windows operating system , Microsoft confirmed that it will not include the feature in the first generally available release of Microsoft Vista , expected in the second half of 2006 .
The feature , called the Monad Shell , provides a way for users to access the operating system using text - based commands rather than the traditional Windows graphical user interface .
In the past , Microsoft has said that Monad will be part of " Longhorn , " the code name for both the next client and server versions of Windows .
In an interview last week , Microsoft Director of Product Management Eric Berg said Monad will not be included in the first commercial version of Windows Vista , expected in the second half of 2006 .
But the product is expected to be included in Windows over the next " three to five years , " he said .
" Our intention is to synchronize it with both client and server operating systems . "
Cause for Concern
Security experts had worried that if Monad were to be included in a widely used client , it might become an attractive target for hackers , especially if the shell were to be enabled by default .
Whether it will be enabled by default is unclear .
" There are multiple ways that we could introduce this technology to the client stream , " Berg said .
The first Microsoft product to use Monad will be the next release of Microsoft 's Exchange messaging server , code - named " Exchange 12 , " which is due in 2006 , Berg said .
On the operating system side of things , Monad is then expected to be included in the Windows Server " Longhorn , " expected in 2007 , and then could be available in a future Windows Vista release , said Rob Helm , director of research with Directions on Microsoft .
" Presumably , as time goes on , all of Microsoft 's products will have Monad scripting interfaces , " he said .
( Fortune Magazine ) --
" There is no business to be done on a dead planet . "
These words , a quotation from the legendary Sierra Club executive director David Brower , are the first thing you see when you walk into Patagonia headquarters in Ventura , Calif . , and really , you can't miss them , given that they 're etched into the front door .
The next thing you see , posted on a whiteboard above the reception desk , is today 's surf report : " 3 - 5 feet , check water quality . "
Not too promising .
Which is why most of the 350 employees who work at this campus , a block 's worth of sunny , yellow Mission - style buildings , are actually in residence .
Write " double overheads , offshore wind " on that board , however , and watch the place clear out .
Freeform work environments have become common enough that barefoot employees , cavorting pets and organic chefs hardly merit a second glance .
But Patagonia is no Web startup .
It 's a 35 - year - old outdoor - clothing and equipment company .
And yet , looking around at the bicycles , the surfboards , the solar panels , the Tibetan prayer flags , the shed full of convalescing owls and hawks , it 's clear that you 're not in traditional corporate - land , either .
The place is all business , but it 's business conducted upside down and inside out .
Everything about it flies in the face of consultants ' recommendations about How to Maximize Profits and Cut Costs .
Simply put , it 's radical .
Which is exactly how Patagonia 's founder , Yvon Chouinard , likes it .
" This company is an experiment , " says the 68 - year - old Chouinard , leaning back on a redwood chair in his office .
Though he 's given to provocative statements - " I do n't think we 're going to be here 100 years from now as a society , or maybe even as a species " - anyone expecting a pugnacious character would be surprised .
He speaks softly , with a California drawl .
Athletically built and small - statured , forged by a life spent in nature 's wildest corners , he looks more like a river guide than an executive .
And again , this is no accident .
To Chouinard , the average suit ranks somewhere between alcoholic and criminal on the respect scale , and American business , when powered by the endless consumption and discarding of stuff , is unimaginative at best and evil at worst , responsible for clear - cutting forests , polluting oceans , and bulldozing wetlands to make way for the next condo development .
Its modus operandi is unsustainable growth , which he compares to an " out - of - control tumor . "
" I would never be happy playing by the normal rules of business , " he writes in his book " Let My People Go Surfing , " a combination memoir and green - business primer .
" I wanted to distance myself as far as possible from those pasty - faced corpses in suits I saw in airline magazine ads ... I wanted to be a fur trapper when I grew up . "
Except he did n't end up skinning muskrats .
Instead , he heads a company that made $ 270 million in revenues last year .
No , that 's not a huge number .
Most of the company 's competitors - Nike ( Charts , Fortune 500 ) , Adidas , and Timberland , to name a few - are much bigger .
But from day one , Patagonia has punched above its weight - helped create a whole outdoor lifestyle , in fact .
And decades before recycling became common practice , Patagonia was reusing materials .
It was one of the first companies in America to provide onsite day care , both maternity and paternity leave and flextime .
It used its lushly designed mail - order catalog to speak out about issues like genetically modified food and overfishing , proving that a company can benefit from having a voice and a moral compass , and that a clothing - company owner who quotes Thoreau ( " Beware of any enterprises that require a new set of clothes " ) is n't necessarily a paradox .
Along the way , Patagonia 's conscience has rubbed off on others , from smaller enterprises like Clif Bar to larger ones like Levi Strauss and the Gap ( Charts , Fortune 500 ) .
Even Wal - Mart ( Charts , Fortune 500 ) : " The one thing that impresses me is the power of the people who work at Patagonia , " says Matt Kistler , a senior vice president at Sam's Club , the warehouse - store division of Wal - Mart .
" I was very impressed to see how involved in sustainability their employees are .
They 're tremendously knowledgeable and want to do the right thing . "
So how did this antibusinessman 's experimental little company become so influential ?
How did Chouinard hack his own contrarian path to success by putting the Earth first , questioning growth , ignoring fashion , making goods that do n't break or wear out , telling customers to buy less , discontinuing his own profitable products , giving away chunks of earnings and saying things like , " If you 're not pissing off 50 percent of the people , you 're not trying hard enough " ?
And given Chouinard 's intention to prove that " business can make a profit without losing its soul , " how did he get so cozy with Wal - Mart ?
To answer these questions you have to go back to 1957 , to a garage in Burbank , Calif .
Amazon 's Mechanical Turk Service is a clever reference to the famous chess - playing hoax device , The Mechanical Turk .
The Mechanical Turk dates back to 1770 , and has quite a storied history .
Read through the Wikipedia article if you have time ; it 's fascinating stuff .
The secret of the Turk , of course , was that it was n't a chess - playing machine at all .
There was a small person inside , controlling the machine .
Similarly , Amazon 's Mechanical
Turk is a machine that harnesses the work of hidden humans .
It 's a service that attempts to match people to small , bite - size units of work that are unsuitable for machines .
As of this writing , there are 128 Human Intelligence Tasks available via the Mechanical Turk task page .
The reward for these tasks ranges from $ 1.00 to $ 0.10 , skewing heavily toward the bottom of that range .
Almost 100 of the 128 tasks are $ 0.10 each .
Here 's a quick sampling of the available tasks :
Transcribe a 9 minute , 2 second podcast ( $ 2.31 w/ bonus )
Write a review of a blog ( $ 1.00 )
Make ten 2 - 3 sentence posts in a fansite forum ( $ 0.50 )
Write a 2 - 3 paragraph blog entry ( $ 0.50 )
Provide 3 - D and 4 - D ultrasound pictures of your baby ( $ 0.40 )
Send unsolicited junk faxes from California companies ( $ 0.25 )
Say 6 phrases in Turkish ( $ 0.10 )
Write a short plot description of the movie " Black Snake Moan " ( $ 0.10 )
Read through some of the available HITs yourself .
Be sure to click on the HIT to get the details on the job and any rules .
You 're at the mercy of the requester ; it 's up to them to judge your work worthy of payment .
Based on the quantity , quality , and type of tasks available , I think Amazon 's Mechanical Turk may be a failure .
It 's been almost two years , and almost all the tasks have one or more of these problems :
obviously and suspiciously spammy require a lot of subjective human intervention and effort for " grading " the rates make working in a sweatshop seem lucrative
What I find ironic about Amazon 's Mechanical Turk service is that Amazon built an entire business around the value of user reviews .
The strength of the user reviews is one of the main reasons I frequent Amazon .
That 's user - submitted content that people invested countless thousands of man-hours on .
And Amazon did n't pay anyone a dime to do it .
I think the secret to running a viable Mechanical Turk service is , paradoxically , to do away with payment .
Instead , they should have chosen a reward system based on intrinsic motivation .
Intrinsic motivation is the reason why ..
People willingly contribute millions upon millions of dollars worth of electricity to efforts like Folding@Home so they can show up on the leaderboards with their team .
People spend hours submitting and rating articles on Digg and Reddit in the hopes that they will be promoted to the front page , and by proxy , increase their standing in the community .
People actively convince others to join them on social networking sites like Linked In , MySpace , Classmates , and Facebook -- to increase the size and power of their networks .
Nobody 's paid to do any of the above .
And yet each item I listed is easily equivalent to multiple Turk HITs .
The best explanation I 've found for this behavior is in Mary Poppendieck 's Team Compensation ( pdf ) .
There are two approaches to giving children allowances .
Theory A says that children should earn their allowances ; money is exchanged for work .
Theory B says that children should contribute to the household without being paid , so allowances are not considered exchange for work .
I know one father who was raised with Theory B but switched to Theory A for his children .
He put a price on each job and paid the children weekly for the jobs they had done .
This worked for a while , but then the kids discovered that they could choose among the jobs and avoid doing the ones they disliked .
When the children were old enough to earn their own paychecks , they stopped doing household chores altogether , and the father found himself mowing the lawn alongside his neighbors ' teenage children .
Were he to do it again , this father says he would not tie allowance to work .
In the same way , once employees get used to receiving financial rewards for meeting goals , they begin to work for the rewards , not the intrinsic motivation that comes from doing a good job and helping their company be successful .
Many studies have shown that extrinsic rewards like grades and pay will , over time , destroy the intrinsic reward that comes from the work itself .
The theory of intrinsic motivation goes a long way toward explaining why Amazon 's unpaid user reviews are so popular and effective , and yet the paid Mechanical Turk service appears to be withering on the vine .
Poppendieck notes that choosing a payment reward model can be an irreversible decision : once you go down the path of monetary rewards , you may never be able to go back , even when they cease to be effective , as they inevitably will .
I think that 's clearly the case for Amazon 's Mechanical Turk .
Prime minister 's questions sketch
By Nick Assinder
Political correspondent , BBC News website
Well , Tony Blair did n't deny it - tomorrow he will hand in his notice as Labour leader and , as a result , prime minister .
Mr Cameron taunted the government of the living dead
Seven weeks later , as Mr Blair finally leaves Downing Street to the sound of cheers from the assembled crowds , he will hand over the keys to Mr Brown to carry on the good work .
David Cameron has a slightly different take on things .
The prime minister is in denial .
Despite the " drubbing " in last week 's elections , " he still does n't realise it 's over " .
The government is paralysed and a whole series of ministers - Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett , Health Secretary Patricia Hewitt and Justice minister Lord Falconer - will be joining Home Secretary John Reid back on the backbenches .
Living dead
Ms Hewitt was for the chop , Lord Falconer was pleading for his job on the radio while the chancellor 's spin doctors , he claimed , were going around handing out their jobs .
At least , he said , Mr Brown had finally got out of his blacked - out limo to show his face for the first time since those election results .
Mr Blair mocked Tory policy ideas
The prime minister hit back by ridiculing a speech by Tory policy review chief Oliver Letwin in which he banged on about the post - Marxist era in which the old arguments about capitalism versus socialism had ended .
Apparently , Mr Letwin concluded it all came down to Marx .
" That will be Groucho " , suggested Mr Blair .
Still , it was Mr Cameron who drew the blood by driving home his image of a government no longer able to run the country and stuffed with old stagers well past their sell - by date .
Mind you , perhaps he should study the " Living Dead " horror films more closely .
No matter how many of the zombies you kill , and no matter how gory their end , they just keep on coming .
And take your eye off them for a moment and they eat you alive .
A lesson for all of us perhaps .
Plain Text and XML
A Conversation with Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas , Part X
by Bill Venners
May 5 , 2003
Advertisement
Summary
Pragmatic Programmers Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas talk with Bill Venners about the value of storing persistent data in plain text and the ways they feel XML is being misused .
Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas are the Pragmatic Programmers , recognized internationally as experts in the development of high - quality software .
Their best - selling book of software best practices , The Pragmatic Programmer : From Journeyman to Master ( Addison - Wesley , 1999 ) , is filled with practical advice on a wide range of software development issues .
They also authored Programming Ruby : A Pragmatic Programmer 's Guide ( Addison - Wesley , 2000 ) , and helped to write the now famous Agile Manifesto .
In this interview , which has been published in ten weekly installments , Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas discuss many aspects of software development :
Why Use Plain Text ?
Bill Venners :
In your book , The Pragmatic Programmer , you write , " We believe the best format for storing knowledge persistently is plain text . "
Why ?
What are the advantages ?
What are the costs ?
Dave Thomas :
Does it ever happen to you that someone sends you a Microsoft Word file ?
Bill Venners :
It happens all the time .
Dave Thomas : A Word file that you can't open ?
Bill Venners : No , because I have Microsoft Word .
One of the main reasons I have Word and Excel on my Macintosh is because people send me Word and Excel files all the time and I need to be able to open them .
Dave Thomas :
Well that 's funny , because I have Word on my Macintosh .
I have the very latest Word , and yesterday I received a Word document that it wo n't open .
Andy Hunt :
This problem also happens between Word 97 and later versions for Windows , not just between say Word 97 and the Macintosh version of Word .
Dave Thomas :
The problem is , once we store data in a non-transparent , inaccessible format , then we need code to read it , and that code disappears .
Code is disappearing all the time .
You probably can't go to a store and ask for a copy of Word 1 , or whatever the first version of Word was called .
So we are losing vast quantities of information , because we can no longer read the files .
One of the reasons we advocate using plain text is so information does n't get lost when the program goes away .
Even though a program has gone away , you can still extract information from a plain text document .
You may not be able to make the information look like the original program would , but you can get the information out .
The process is made even easier if the format of the plain text file is self - describing , such that you have metadata inside the file that you can use to extract out the actual semantic meaning of the data in the file .
XML is not a particularly good way to do this , but it 's currently the plain text transmission medium du jour .
Another reason for using plain text is it allows you to write individual chunks of code that cooperate with each other .
One of the classic examples of this is the Unix toolset : a set of small sharp tools that you can join together .
You join them by feeding the plain text output of one into the plain text input of the next .
There 's no concept of trying to make sure the word count program outputs things in a format that 's compatible with the next tool in the chain .
It 's just plain text to plain text , and that 's a very powerful way to do it .
Andy Hunt : Virtually any program that 's going to operate on text of some sort can operate on plain text as the lowest common denominator .
Very often you get into a state where you want to work with some program , but its properties file has gotten corrupted such that the program wo n't even come up to let you change the property .
If that file is in some binary format that needs the program itself to fix it , you 're hosed .
You 've catch - 22ed yourself right out of existence .
If it 's in a plain text format , you can go in with any generic tool — a text editor , whatever you like to use to deal with plain text — and fix the problem .
So in terms of emergency recovery , or changes in the field , plain text is helpful .
It provides another level of insurance .
Dave Thomas : Earlier in the interview ( See Resources ) , I was talking about putting abstractions into code , specifics into metadata .
We will be handing the programs we 're writing today down to the next generation of programmers , and the ones after that .
They will have to deal with this mess we 've left behind .
If we give them a load of gibberish consisting of binary data , they 're going to have a harder time understanding it .
If we give them nice plain text or XML files , it will be a lot easier to understand .
Plain text will obviously require less mental energy to figure out .
Readable versus Understandable
Bill Venners :
What is the distinction of human readable and human understandable data , and why is that distinction important ?
Dave Thomas : I can give you 128 bit cipher key as ASCII , and you can read it , but it may not make sense to you .
Andy Hunt :
So it is readable , but not understandable .
Dave Thomas : I can give you the works of Shakespeare as a list of words sorted alphabetically .
You could read it , but you could n't make much sense of it .
Andy Hunt :
The advantage of human understandable plain text is , suppose for historic reasons you 've got a control file lying around , but there is no software still around that can understand it or do anything meaningful with it .
You as a human may be able to read that file and understand enough to figure out whatever you 're trying to extract from it .
Or , suppose you 've got some printouts from way back when sitting in a warehouse .
You need to get some ancient piece of account information or figure out an algorithm from an old Cobol program .
If you have printouts and nothing left that can possibly even read them , you can still read them yourself and extract some information .
Dave Thomas : Cobol provides a good example , I think .
The Cobol fixed length record has data in columns .
You can print it out and actually see the columns of data lined up .
One step better than that is CSV , comma separated variables , because in CSV you can put in a header that tells you what 's in each column .
Bill Venners :
So the CSV header , which basically lists comma separated column names , is an example of self - describing data .
Dave Thomas :
It 's a very simple example of self - describing data .
And you can import CSV into just about any program .
Bill Venners :
So the advantage of self - describing data is that in the absence of the manual , in situations where I have to look at some data and figure it out , the metadata will help .
The metadata is n't the whole manual .
Maybe it 's just words like " Customer ID , " which can help me figure out what the columns are about .
Andy Hunt : Metadata helps us express our intent .
In this case suppose the original programs are missing , and all you 've got is this CSV file .
The column names give you a hint .
You might be able to figure this out from staring at raw data in the Cobol dump : " Well those look like customer IDs , or maybe those are zip codes , I 'm not real sure . "
Metadata gives you that one level of added security , OK , the people who wrote this originally called this " Customer ID . "
Now I 've got a hint to go on .
I know what they meant by that .
I can understand this .
It all boils down to communication .
You are communicating intent .
Parsing with Partial Knowledge
Bill Venners :
There 's something that 's been bothering me about the way people have been raving about XML .
One of the big claims is that because XML data is self - describing , with data wrapped by tags like < customerid > 12345</customerid > , clients can figure things out even for documents that do n't strictly adhere to their schema and specification .
I hear claims that XML is more flexible , because providers of documents can be sloppy and just add new pieces of data here and there .
Clients can just ignore tags they do n't recognize and find data even if it is in the wrong place according to the schema .
The Java class file is not XML , but like XML is a data structure and file format .
There is a detailed specification for the Java class file that describes all the data and semantics , and also clearly defines the way in which class files can be extended .
Providers and consumers of Java class files adhere strictly to the specification .
This approach of strict compliance to a specification and schema makes more sense to me .
I like what you have said about self - describing data , but I 'm concerned about the leap that some XML enthusiasts seem to make that because the data is self - describing , the way in which a particular schema can evolve does n't have to be clearly specified or followed , because they assume clients will just ignore anything they do n't understand .
You write in your book , " You can parse a plain text file with only partial knowledge of its format . "
How often do we lose the format specification , or is this more about not needing to " read the manual " — the specification — because the data is more user - friendly .
Dave Thomas :
Oh no , it 's not so you do n't have to read the manual .
It 's that , if all you have is a pile of data , I 'm sure you 'd much rather have something in there that gives you some hints to the semantics , as well as just the data itself .
Andy Hunt :
We mean using partial knowledge of the format in a forensic sense .
You want to go back and dig out account numbers .
If the data is tagged such that you can see which pieces of data are account numbers , it becomes a much easier job than just having to dig through a bunch of numbers .
Bill Venners :
So the metadata makes the data itself more programmer - friendly .
I do n't have to go to the manual .
It 's like there 's a miniature , really terse manual in the data itself .
Dave Thomas :
Yes , and I think you 're also assuming there 's a manual .
Bill Venners :
Well , that 's part of what I 'm asking .
How often is there no manual ?
Dave Thomas :
Most of the time there is no manual .
If I give you a Word 1 file , where 's the manual ?
If I ship you the output of my stock controller system , where 's the manual ?
If I 'm gone , if my program 's gone , what are you going to do with that file ?
There are terabytes of data sitting around in an unusable state , because the software that reads them is gone .
Yes , you could probably sit there and reverse engineer it , but it would be a whole lot easier to reverse engineer it if it were self - describing .
Misuses of XML
Dave Thomas : Now , can I just have a little rant ?
Bill Venners : Sure .
Dave Thomas : XML sucks .
Bill Venners : Why ?
Dave Thomas : XML sucks because it 's being used wrongly .
It is being used by people who view it as being an encapsulation of semantics and data , and it 's not .
XML is purely a way of structuring files , and as such , really does n't add much to the overall picture .
XML came from a document preparation tradition .
First there was GML , a document preparation system , then SGML , a document preparation system , then HTML , a document preparation system , and now XML .
All were designed as ways humans could structure documents .
Now we 've gotten to the point where XML has become so obscure and so complex to write , that it can no longer be written by people .
If you talk to people in Sun about their libraries that generate XML , they say humans cannot read this .
It 's not designed for human consumption .
Yet we 're carrying around all the baggage that 's in there , because it 's designed for humans to read .
So XML is a remarkably inefficient encoding system .
It 's a remarkably difficult to use encoding system , considering what it does .
And yet it 's become the lingua franca for talking between applications , and that strikes me as crazy .
Andy Hunt :
It 's sort of become the worst of both worlds .
Bill Venners : Actually , that was one of my last questions I was going to ask :
Do you consider XML plain text ?
Could you elaborate on what you said about how people view XML ?
Dave Thomas : People think , " Once I 've got my data in XML that 's all I 've got to do .
I 've now got self - describing data , " but the reality is they do n't .
They 're just assuming that the tags that are in there somehow give people all the information they need to be able to deal with the data .
Now , for some things there are standards .
For example , there are some standards like RSS and RDF , which give you very simple ways of describing web page content .
But a random XML file , especially machine generated XML files , can be as obscure as binary data .
Bill Venners : Yeah , I find
Ant build files , which are XML , very hard to read .
Andy Hunt :
Ant is actually a really good example , because in that case you 're using XML as a user - specified input language , which is really inappropriate in that context .
I 'd much rather have something ...
Bill Venners : A context - free grammar , something that 's more readable .
Andy Hunt : Yeah , a genuine grammar .
I want to be able to type something simple and easy for me .
I do n't care if it 's easy for the tool to parse , that 's the tool 's problem .
I want it to be easy for me to write .
And in cases like that , it 's really the case of the programmer saying , " Oh look , here 's an XML parser .
I can just take XML files .
That 's easier . "
So one programmer in one context puts a burden on the other 100,000 programmers trying to use it .
Bill Venners :
Well , I think some people may be more comfortable reading XML than others .
What I 've found is that I can usually read XML files just fine if they are small and simple .
For example , a couple years ago I pulled certain metadata about each Artima.com web page into external files that I keep separate from the raw HTML files .
The metadata file has information like title , subtitle , publication date , author , and so on .
As part of my build system , I wrote a " page pumper " program that takes one metadata file and one raw HTML file as input and generates the pretty HTML file you see on the web as output .
When I want to make global changes to the look and feel of Artima.com , I just change page pumper and do a build all .
In the old days , what I would have done to create that metadata file was whip up a quick context free grammer with tools like Lex and YACC , and use that for the grammer of the metadata file .
But given that XML was all the rage back then , I wanted as a consultant to get some experience with XML , so I used XML for the metadata file .
And XML has worked just fine in that situation .
I can easily edit the web page metadata files by hand and easily read them , even though they are XML , because they are small and simple .
But I 've often been frustrated staring at even moderate - sized Ant build files trying to decipher them , and staring at the Ant documentation trying to figure out how to do something that I think should be simple and obvious .
Dave Thomas :
If you 're talking about using XML in certain domains , it 's fine .
XSLT , for example , lets you do some really fun things with XML .
When we had our book online , for example , we went from LaTeX , to XML , and then to the output format , simply because XSLT gave us some really powerful ways for manipulating the document 's content .
XML is useful in appropriate contexts , but it is being grossly abused in most of the ways it is being used today .
Next Week
Come back Monday , May 12 for Part I of a conversation with Elliotte Rusty Harold .
If you 'd like to receive a brief weekly email announcing new articles at Artima.com , please subscribe to the Artima Newsletter .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion about assertions , crashing early , or the appropriate level of confidence to have in the code you write ?
Discuss this article in the News & Ideas Forum topic , Plain Text and XML .
Resources
Dave Thomas talks about putting abstractions into code , details into metadata in Part IV of this interview , Abstraction and Detail :
http://www.artima.com/intv/metadata.html
Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas are authors of The Pragmatic Programmer , which is available on Amazon.com at :
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/020161622X/
The Pragmatic Programmer 's home page is here :
http://www.pragmaticprogrammer.com/
IS THE GOP DOOMED ?…. Real Clear Politics highlights the following exchange from ABC’s This Week on Sunday :
George Stephanopoulos :
If this now declared deadline of Gen. Petraeus of September , if the political goals have n’t been met by then , do you see large scale Republican defections at that point ?
George Will : Absolutely .
They do not want to have , as they had in 2006 , another election on Iraq .
George , it took 30 , 40 years for the Republican Party to get out from under Herbert Hoover .
People would say , “ Are you going to vote for Nixon in ’ 60 ? ” “ No , I do n’t like Hoover . ” The Depression haunted the Republican Party .
This could be a foreign policy equivalent of the Depression , forfeiting the Republican advantage they ’ve had since the ’ 68 convention of the Democratic Party and the nomination of [ George ] McGovern .
The advantage Republicans have had on national security matters may be forfeited .
Will ’s comparison of Iraq to the Depression is probably overstated , but perhaps not by that much .
The public may not trust a party that it feels is unwilling to wage war even when war needs to be waged , but it also does n’t trust a party that seems hell bent on charging into war no matter what the circumstances .
As the Republican Party continues to be identified with guys like Bill Kristol , who seem ( literally ) to favor the use of force as the answer to virtually every foreign policy crisis , the public is eventually going to decide that the party is led by knee - jerk loons who do n’t have a clue how to run a real foreign policy — even if they do dress nicely and speak in well - modulated tones .
Eventually , maybe even the mainstream media will figure this out too .
First possible extrasolar terrestrial planet detected only twenty light - years away !
Bad Astronomy --
But it gets far , far better .
The parent star , Gliese 581 , is a red dwarf , meaning it ’s smaller and cooler than the Sun .
The as - yet unnamed planet orbits this star much closer than the Earth does the Sun ; it stays about 11 million kilometers ( 6.7 million miles ) from its star , while the Earth is 150 million km ( 93 million miles ) from the Sun . ... so at this distance the planet would actually be very temperate : models show it would be between 0 and 40 Celsius ! ...
That is warm enough for water to be a liquid .
In this artist ’s conception courtesy of our own Karen Wehrstein ( Much greater resolution here ) the sun would never move as seen from the surface of a tidally locked world , but the sky is an ever - changing show greater than any on earth .
Observational data and theoretical models suggest that stars like Gliese 581 might have a dynamic , granular surface and sport enormous starspots .
It could be engulfed in perpetual solar storms , seen here as faint plasma arcs and visible surface flares .
The star is shown as it might appear above a hypothetical waterworld ’s horizon from just sunward of the terminator , distorted and dimmed through a blanket of CO2 five times thicker than our own atmosphere .
With less than 7 million miles separating star and planet , Gliese ’s solar wind easily plows through the planet ’s ( presumed ) weak magnetic field and slams into the upper atmosphere to produce brilliant displays .
Shimmering cascades of what on earth might be called colorful sprites , blue jets , and dazzling aurora mingle so completely with high , wispy clouds as to be virtually indistinguishable .
Fat cumulous clouds hang low over the water eerily backlit by the brooding red- dwarf .
One lone iceberg represents the assumed many which calve off from the great unseen ice - sheet dominating the planet ’s dark side and drift slowly to their eventual destruction on global currents through a deep , planetary ocean of carbonated water .
High overhead the barest hint of shorter wavelengths are scattered by the thick air , coloring the zenith a deep twilight blue .
Could life evolve in such an alien environment ?
The Weekend Economist " Quaerere Verum " is a part of the greater Weekend Economist , which is an interactive space aimed at being both a source of information and a place for discussion on developing stories related to Economics , Business , Technology , Finance and Geo-politics .
Please feel free to post your comments and / or send us your own articles for publication by contacting us at weekendeconomist@gmail.com .
Also , if there is a relevant topic you would like us to write about , please ask and we will be glad to meet your request .
Finally , our two other blogs , WE Technology , Strategy & Business and The World Beyond The Weekend Economist , might be of interest as well .
We hope you enjoy our site(s ) , Benjamin Valk & Jeroen van Bommel .
Objective - C Guide for C++ Programmers
Objective - C Guide for C++ Programmers
Posted Jun 4 , 2007 — 7 comments below Posted Jun 4 , 2007 — 7 comments below
Pierre Chatelier has translated his Objective - C guide for C++ programmers ( 628 k PDF ) into English .
It looks and feels very much like K&R , and has quite a lot of useful material .
If you have built - up C++ muscle memory and are new to Objective - C , take a look .
The American Civil Liberties Union filed a federal lawsuit against Gregory Jenkins , a former high - level White House staffer who enacted a policy that unlawfully excluded individuals perceived to be critical of the administration from public events where President Bush was present .
The policy is laid out in an October 2002 “ Presidential Advance Manual ” obtained by the ACLU .
The ACLU filed today ’s lawsuit , Rank v. Jenkins , after obtaining a heavily redacted version of the Presidential Advance Manual from the Justice Department .
This manual is the Bush administration ’s guide for planning presidential events around the country , and it repeatedly instructs organizers about “ the best method for preventing demonstrators , ” “ deterring potential protestors from attending events , ” “ designat[ing ] a protest area . . . preferably not in view of the event site or motorcade route , ” and the like .
The lawsuit names as plaintiffs Jeff and Nicole Rank , who were arrested at a Fourth of July presidential appearance at the West Virginia State Capitol because they were wearing T - shirts critical of the president , and Alex Young and Leslie Weise , Denver residents who were thrown out of a town hall meeting with President Bush because they had an anti-war bumper sticker on their car .
Nicole and Jeff Rank wearing the T - shirts that caused their arrest and removal from the West Virginia Capitol grounds in 2004 .
LEARN MORE
( 8/16/2007 )
( 6/28/2007 )
( 3/15/2007 )
( 9/14/2004 )
LEGAL DOCUMENT
RESOURCES
Oliver Jufer faces several years in prison , his lawyer says
Oliver Jufer was arrested last December after drunkenly spray - painting several portraits of the monarch , King Bhumibol Adulyadej .
In court , Jufer pleaded guilty to five charges under Thailand 's draconian lese majeste law .
He is due to be sentenced later this month , and the maximum penalty he could face is 75 years in jail .
Jufer 's lawyer said the minimum sentence he faced was seven - and - a - half years .
KING BHUMIBOL ADULYADEJ
Born in 1927 , ascended throne in 1946 World 's longest - serving current head of state Official powers are limited , but wields enormous influence because of popular backing Widely believed to have given backing to 2006 military coup
Case shows monarchy fears
Police reports said Jufer was drunk when the portraits were defaced on 5 December , which as the day of the King 's birthday is a national holiday .
Jufer , who has lived in Thailand for more than 10 years , was recorded on surveillance cameras defacing the portraits .
Carefully managed
The BBC's Jonathan Head , who was outside the court in the northern city of Chiang Mai , says the case throws a rare spotlight on the strict lese - majeste laws in Thailand forbidding any criticism of the monarchy .
At one point the prosecutor tried to get the media to leave , saying the case had been postponed .
" We do n't want the Thai people to know about this case , " he said .
The image of the monarchy is very carefully managed , with local media only allowed to lavish praise on the king , our correspondent says .
The popular reverence for him is genuine , but the draconian laws deter most Thais from even discussing the monarchy .
The king himself appeared to question this in a recent speech when he said it was wrong to put him above criticism .
" I am not afraid if the criticism concerns what I do wrong , because then I know , " he said .
" If you say the king can not be criticised , it means that the king is not human . "
But without any public debate there seems no possibility of amending the law , which allows any Thai citizen to bring a charge against anyone else for insulting the king .
A handful of other foreigners have faced similar charges in the past .
Most have eventually been allowed to leave the country .
European researchers have created an interface between mammalian neurons and silicon chips .
The development is a crucial first step in the development of advanced technologies that combine silicon circuits with a mammal ’s nervous system .
The ultimate applications are potentially limitless .
In the long term it will possibly enable the creation of very sophisticated neural prostheses to combat neurological disorders .
What 's more , it could allow the creation of organic computers that use living neurons as their CPU .
Those applications are potentially decades away , but in the much nearer term the new technology could enable very advanced and sophisticated drug screening systems for the pharmaceutical industry .
" Pharmaceutical companies could use the chip to test the effect of drugs on neurons , to quickly discover promising avenues of research , " says Professor Stefano Vassanelli , a molecular biologist with the University of Padua in Italy , and one of the partners in the NACHIP project , funded under the European Commission ’s Future and Emerging Technologies initiative of the IST programme .
NACHIP 's core achievement was to develop a working interface between the living tissue of individual neurons and the inorganic compounds of silicon chips .
It was a difficult task .
" We had a lot of problems to overcome , " says Vassanelli .
" And we attacked the problems using two major strategies , through the semiconductor technology and the biology . "
With the help of German microchip company Infineon , NACHIP placed 16,384 transistors and hundreds of capacitors on a chip just 1 mm squared in size .
The group had to find appropriate materials and refine the topology of the chip to make the connection with neurons possible .
Biologically NACHIP uses special proteins found in the brain to essentially glue the neurons to the chip .
These proteins act as more than a simple adhesive , however .
" They also provided the link between ionic channels of the neurons and semiconductor material in a way that neural electrical signals could be passed to the silicon chip , " says Vassanelli .
Once there , that signal can be recorded using the chip 's transistors .
What 's more , the neurons can also be stimulated through the capacitors .
This is what enables the two - way communications .
The project tested the device by stimulating the neurons and recording which ones fired using standard neuroscience techniques while tracking the signals coming from the chip .
The development of the interface and chip are crucial for this new technology , but problems remain .
" Right now , we need to refine the way we stimulate the neurons , to avoid damaging them , " says Vassanelli .
That 's one of the problems the team hopes to tackle in a future project .
Right now a proposal has been prepared which could tackle this and many other problems , including how to communicate with the neurons using genes .
" Genes are where memory come from , and without them you have no memory or computation .
We want to explore a way to use genes to control the neuro - chip , " says Vassanelli .
If NACHIP took the first crucial step towards a neuron - powered CPU , future work will pave the way for a genetically - powered hard disk .
Source : IST Results
Explore further Survey finds science fiction one of many factors impacting views of AI technology
Here 's a document from Norway 's 1948 war - crimes trials detailing the prosecution of Nazis convicted of " enhanced interrogation techniques " in the Second World War .
Money quote from the cases of three Germans convicted of war crimes for " enhanced interrogation " :
Between 1942 and 1945 , Bruns used the method of " verschärfte Vernehmung " on 11 Norwegian citizens .
This method involved the use of various implements of torture , cold baths and blows and kicks in the face and all over the body .
Most of the prisoners suffered for a considerable time from the injuries received during those interrogations .
Between 1942 and 1945 , Schubert gave 14 Norwegian prisoners " verschärfte Vernehmung , " using various instruments of torture and hitting them in the face and over the body .
Many of the prisoners suffered for a considerable time from the effects of injuries they received .
On 1st February , 1945 , Clemens shot a second Norwegian prisoner from a distance of 1.5 metres while he was trying to escape .
Between 1943 and 1945 , Clemens employed the method of " verschäfte Vernehmung " on 23 Norwegian prisoners .
He used various instruments of torture and cold baths .
Some of the prisoners continued for a considerable time to suffer from injuries received at his hands .
Freezing prisoners to near - death , repeated beatings , long forced - standing , waterboarding , cold showers in air - conditioned rooms , stress positions [ Arrest mit Verschaerfung ] , withholding of medicine and leaving wounded or sick prisoners alone in cells for days on end - all these have occurred at US detention camps under the command of president George W. Bush .
Over a hundred documented deaths have occurred in these interrogation sessions .
The Pentagon itself has conceded homocide by torture in multiple cases .
Notice the classic , universal and simple criterion used to define torture in 1948 ( my italics ) :
In deciding the degree of punishment , the Court found it decisive that the defendants had inflicted serious physical and mental suffering on their victims , and did not find sufficient reason for a mitigation of the punishment in accordance with the provisions laid down in Art. 5 of the Provisional Decree of 4th May , 1945 .
The Court came to the conclusion that such acts , even though they were committed with the connivance of superiors in rank or even on their orders , must be regarded and punished as serious war crimes .
The victims , by the way , were not in uniform .
And the Nazis tried to argue , just as John Yoo did , that this made torturing them legit .
The victims were paramilitary Norwegians , operating as an insurgency , against an occupying force .
And the torturers had also interrogated some prisoners humanely .
But the argument , deployed by Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , and the Nazis before them , did n't wash with the court .
Money quote :
As extenuating circumstances , Bruns had pleaded various incidents in which he had helped Norwegians , Schubert had pleaded difficulties at home , and Clemens had pointed to several hundred interrogations during which he had treated prisoners humanely .
The Court did not regard any of the above - mentioned circumstances as a sufficient reason for mitigating the punishment and found it necessary to act with the utmost severity .
Each of the defendants was responsible for a series of incidents of torture , every one of which could , according to Art. 3 ( a ) , ( c ) and ( d ) of the Provisional Decree of 4th May , 1945 , be punished by the death sentence .
So using " enhanced interrogation techniques " against insurgent prisoners out of uniform was punishable by death .
Here 's the Nazi defense argument :
( c) That the acts of torture in no case resulted in death .
Most of the injuries inflicted were slight and did not result in permanent disablement .
This is the Yoo position .
It 's what Glenn Reynolds calls the " sensible " position on torture .
It was the camp slogan at Camp Nama in Iraq : " No Blood , No Foul . "
Now take the issue of " stress positions " , photographed at Abu Ghraib and used at Bagram to murder an innocent detainee .
Here 's a good description of how stress positions operate :
The hands were tied together closely with a cord on the back of the prisoner , raised then the body and hung the cord to a hook , which was attached into two meters height in a tree , so that the feet in air hung .
The whole body weight rested thus at the joints bent to the rear .
The minimum period of hanging up was a half hour .
To remain there three hours hung up , was pretty often .
This punishment was carried out at least twice weekly .
This is how one detainee at Abu Ghraib died ( combined with beating ) as in the photograph above .
The experience of enduring these stress positions has been described by Rush Limbaugh as no worse than frat - house hazings .
Those who have gone through them disagree .
They describe :
Dreadful pain in the shoulders and wrists were the results of this treatment .
Only laboriously the lung could be supplied with the necessary oxygen .
The heart worked in a racing speed .
From all pores the sweat penetrated .
Yes , this is an account of someone who went through the " enhanced interrogation techniques " at Dachau .
( Google translation here . )
Steve Wozniak has , quite possibly , the coolest business cards ever .
My friend
Avery pulled it out of his wallet yesterday and it is indeed as cool as it looks .
It ’s precision machined and etched , definitely something you would n’t throw into the pile of cards in your desk drawer that you never look at again .
Mr Mugabe 's supporters always celebrate his birthday
The celebrations , due to be held in the central town of Gweru , will cost thousands of dollars , an official said .
Zimbabwe is mired in its worst economic crisis , with annual inflation at a record 1,593 % - the world 's highest .
President Robert Mugabe has ruled Zimbabwe since the country gained independence from Britain in 1980 .
The campaign to raise funds for the birthday celebrations is being run by a youth organisation called the 21 February Movement , which was founded in 1986 in honour of Mr Mugabe .
" We are looking to raise 300 m Zimbabwe dollars ( $ 1.2 m at the official exchange rate ; $ 65,200 at the unofficial rate ) that will be used at the birthday celebrations in Gweru , " Emmanuel Fundira , chairman of the movement , told the AFP news agency .
According to the government , one US dollar is worth $ Z250 , but on the street , the US dollar can be sold for Z$ 4,600 .
Economic problems
Mr Mugabe 's birthday has traditionally been enthusiastically celebrated by his ruling Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front ( Zanu - PF ) with a massive party for loyalists and diplomats .
Thousands of children are unable to attend school because of the crisis
That went largely unnoticed when Zimbabwe was a regional economic role model .
But times have been hard for the last eight years as the country has continued on a downward economic slide .
This has led to severe problems with health workers and other government often going on strike over unpaid or low wages .
Families often have to miss meals , or make do with fewer ingredients , and many have to cycle or walk long distances to work , correspondents say .
Education and health care have also become scarce commodities with many unable to send their children to school or get proper medical treatment .
Morals count
Mr Mugabe blames foreign governments and his opponents for the crisis , but his critics say the problems started when he launched a controversial program to take back land from white farmers .
This has seen agricultural production - once the back - bone of the country 's economy - plunge by 40 % .
Amid these circumstances , the celebrations are seen as unwarranted by many locals , correspondents say .
The local Standard newspaper stated in an editorial comment on Sunday that " it was ironic that the government saw nothing amiss in hosting an ostentatious birthday bash " .
But the Zanu - PF 's youth secretary , Absalom Sikosana , insisted that the celebrations were important as they brought young people close to the president .
" That day is a day where he will be closer to them , encouraging them to have good morals , " he said in comments to the state - controlled Herald newspaper .
Amanda Monti , 24 , flew into a rage when Geoffrey Jones , 37 , rejected her advances at the end of a house party , Liverpool Crown Court heard .
She pulled off his left testicle and tried to swallow it , before spitting it out .
A friend handed it back to Mr Jones saying : " That 's yours . "
Monti admitted wounding and was jailed for two - and - a - half years .
' Pulled hard '
Sentencing Monti , Judge Charles James said it was " a very serious injury " and that Monti was not acting in self - defence .
The court heard that Mr Jones had ended his long - term but " open relationship " with Monti towards the end of May last year .
The pair remained on good terms and on 30 May she picked him up from a party in Crosby and went back for drinks with friends at Mr Jones 's house .
An argument ensued and Mr Jones said there was a struggle between them .
In his statement , Mr Jones said she grabbed his genitals and " pulled hard " .
I am in no way a violent person
Amanda Monti
He added : " That caused my underpants to come off and I found I was completely naked and in excruciating pain . "
The court heard that a friend saw Monti put Mr Jones 's testicle into her mouth and try to swallow it .
She choked and spat it back into her hand before the friend grabbed it and gave it back to Mr Jones .
Doctors were unable to re-attach the organ .
In a letter to the court , Monti said she was sorry for what she had done .
She said : " It was never my intention to cause harm to Geoff and the fact that I have caused him injury will live with me forever .
I am in no way a violent person . "
The letter added : " I have challenged myself to explain what has happened but still I just cannot remember .
This has caused much anguish to me and will do for the rest of my life . "
I wrote this to a couple of people on a private mailing list I am on : " OO has never lived up to the potential for me , for precisely thereason that most ' OO type ' work I do ( mostly via web apps ) all tends to look likeprocedural applications just with OO constructs around it .
Get rid ofthe OO constructs , and you pretty much got the same program , justwithout the OO overhead .
So why should I bother with OO ?
This is oneof the motivations that led me to functional programming .
All the goodpractices that is present OO still stand ( like hiding implementationfrom interface , the use of opaque values ( related with the first one ) , polymorphic functions ) , but it just does n't think it is necessary tobind data and bahavior together .
Higher - order functions seem , rightnow , to make sense more , for reusability purposes now than throughinheritance ( ask my opinion on it after I developed some non-trivialstuff with functional languages :) )
" I worked in Rails and I played with Python a lot in these areas .
My belief stems from this change in perspective :
Objects in Python are glorified dictionaries , or dictionaries with OO logic .
If inheritance is necessary , then the OO logic is useful .
But , eh ... I do n't use inheritance .
At most , I use tables to inherit similarities , using joins to accomplish that type of goal .
I do n't know what other people do , but I never used inheritance in such a grand way to actually see a use for it .
So , looking at something like ErlyDB , and its simple use of tuples , confirmed my point .
I just got lazy a little .
The question is : is there anything special when it comes to merging data and functions together .
For what I do , I just can't see it .
I said in the first tutorial that ErlyWeb (+ erlhive , but I have n't had a chance to look at that yet ) is a Rails killer .
Let me elaborate on that .
It might not be flush with so many features as Rails does , but the constructs are much more simpler in ErlyWeb .
The thing is that ErlyWeb is not this big opaque library of magic tricks ; it does n't need to be , no matter how many " opinions " are shoved into it .
But I think this pretty much reflects not so much the capabilties of a language , but the opinion of the language community .
Where Rails says " you are stuck with the whole methodology that Rails has to offer " , ErlyWeb should say " here is a few interesting tools to get you moving - other than that , everything is pretty much intuitive after that "
This is why I think it could draw people to Erlang .
I like that .
Japan's Jet Plan Upsets South Korea
Japan 's push for the F - 22 aircraft has sparked security concerns in South Korea , which has already slipped in the regional arms race amid lingering threats from nuclear - armed North Korea .
by Lee Jong - Heon
UPI Correspondent
Seoul ( UPI ) April 27 , 2007
Alarmed by Japan 's move to acquire U.S. F - 22 stealth fighters , South Korea has hinted it would also seek to procure the future generation fighter jets to cope with any possible security jitters .
Japan is aggressively pushing for the purchase of 100 F - 22 " Raptors , " which cost $ 200 million per unit , saying the fighter aircraft is necessary to combat Chinese air force expansion and North Korean missile threats .
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo
Abe is expected to raise the arms deal issue during his summit with U.S. President George W. Bush this week , according to diplomatic sources .
U.S. law forbids the export of the F - 22 , nicknamed the " dream fighter jet , " to protect its technology .
But Congress seems ready to change the law to lift the ban and the Bush administration already has expressed its willingness to negotiate with Tokyo over the sale of the stealth fighters .
If Japan obtains up to 100 F - 22s , it will have the world 's second - biggest air force and dominate the skies over the Korean peninsula and China ; their operational radius extends as far as 2,000 kilometers , South Korean defense officials and analysts say .
Considered as the most advanced air - superiority fighter in the world , the F - 22 , built by Lockheed Martin , is equipped with an active , electronically scanned radar for cruise missile detection and is capable of evading advanced air defenses to bomb ballistic missile launch sites .
Indicating the arms deal is near at hand , Japan and the United States conducted joint air force drills on Friday involving a squadron of F - 22 stealth fighters temporally deployed at Kadena Air Base in Okinawa .
Japan 's push for the F - 22 aircraft has sparked security concerns in South Korea , which has already slipped in the regional arms race amid lingering threats from nuclear - armed North Korea .
On Friday , Seoul 's Defense Minister Kim Jang - soo hinted that his country would review its plan to buy F - 15 aircraft to seek to acquire more advanced F - 22 models .
Under a 2002 deal , South Korea is now procuring 40 F - 15 jets from U.S. aerospace giant Boeing and is expected to purchase 20 more F - 15 jets to replace its aging fleet of F - 4 Phantom IIs .
In a press conference , Kim said South Korea would introduce the fifth generation fighter jets such as the U.S. - built F - 22 and F - 35 .
" With a bigger budget Japan can buy these aircraft , but we can't at this time .
But I agree that we have to possess sufficient numbers of aircraft that are equivalent to it , " Kim said .
" For the time being , our plan is to acquire F - 15 class fighters , but we will introduce the fifth generation fighters at some point .
We will make a decision after considering various factors such as the military power balance around the Korean peninsula and overall relations with the United States and North Korea . "
Asked about the aftermath of Japan 's purchase of F - 22 jets , Kim said : " The U.S. Congress has yet to make a decision on whether to lift the ban .
We will have to look at its decision . "
Defense analysts say Japan 's possible purchase of F - 22 fighters would upset the military balance in Northeast Asia and prompt China to jump into the regional arms race .
" Japan 's possible purchase of F - 22s would tip the balance of power in Northeast Asia , " said Kim Kyung - min , a political science professor at Seoul 's Hanyang University .
Kim and other analysts expressed concerns that South Korea is increasingly becoming sandwiched between Japan and China .
Beijing has already started developing its own advanced stealth fighters -- Jian -13 and Jian - 14 -- to match F - 22 jets .
In response , Taiwan plans to acquire 60 F - 16 C / Ds from the United States to upgrade its air force preparedness .
South Korea has implemented a 15 - year military modernization program since 2005 to introduce state - of - the - art weaponry such as F - 15 fighters , patriot missile systems and Aegis - equipped destroyers .
But analysts say the plan is unmatched by those of Japan and China in size and budget .
Still worse , Seoul 's arms procurement plan has hit a snag as the United States has rejected selling its high - flying surveillance aircraft to South Korea .
South Korea has asked the United States to sell its Global Hawks , unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) , saying it is necessary to boost its surveillance over North Korea .
The unmanned spy plane is considered a key strategic weapon and is under strict export restrictions , meaning that congressional approval is needed before the UAV can be sold abroad .
" South Korea is in a double bind : a nuclear and biological missile threat from North Korea and being trapped between a fierce armament race between China and Japan , " Seoul 's largest newspaper Chosun Ilbo said in an editorial .
Source : United Press International
To a wuss like me , it was an industrial - strength eye - opener : boarded - up windows , needles in the grass , crack vials littering the pavement and open - air drug markets aplenty .
A staggering corpse of a neighbourhood , so ravaged and despairing that each time you spot a dead rat ( roughly every 10 minutes ) , you assume it committed suicide .
In short , an obscenity ; standing in stark relief to the toothless , tourist - oriented central waterfront , where our hotel , a faceless slab , sat coolly humming its way through a minor heatwave .
Two worlds , same city .
Madness .
Just to make the rich / poor contrast even more apparent , I had flown there first class , for the first time in my life .
Not by choice , you understand .
The production paid for " premium economy " tickets and , on top of these , I was unexpectedly granted an upgrade .
When I stepped on board the stewardess ushered me leftward , to the promised land .
In first class , I had a seat that reclined far enough to become a flat bed .
I drank champagne and ate smoked salmon from a china plate with weighty silverware , while watching a flat - screen TV .
When I got bored with that , there were a couple of framed pictures on the wall .
That was the weirdest , most needless touch .
They were n't interesting - just photographs of city skylines - but they were n't there to be looked at .
They were there to make me feel special .
" If a terrorist shoe - bombs a hole in the fuselage right now , " I thought , " and the plane corkscrews toward the ocean at 1,000 mph , I 'm going to fix my gaze on that gilt - framed photograph and remind myself that I 'm dying in the lap of luxury . "
At the time , I did n't really appreciate these myriad luxuries .
But come the return flight , stripped of any upgrade , I missed them so hard I went through the five stages of grief : denial , anger , bargaining , depression and acceptance .
Apart from the last one .
Just as Starbucks serves buckets of hot milk in tall , grande and venti sizes instead of " small " , " medium " and " large " , so airline seating distinctions , whatever they are called , actually break down into Misery , Misery Lite , and the highest achievable grade , Slightly Comfortable .
I was now seated in Misery Lite , which was twice - twice - the cost of mere Misery , despite the only difference being a slight spatial increase .
Every aspect of Misery Lite was a just a tad worse than first class , for no reason other than it had to be , in order to keep first class seeming first class .
The seat reclined ( but not too far ) , the blanket crackled with static , the cutlery was plastic , and the meal smelt like a stomach wound .
The in - flight TV had the same movie selection , but a smaller screen .
Even the headphones were cheaper .
If it were possible , they would make the air thinner too .
Trouble is , the people in first class never get to see any of this , because they are separated by a curtain .
For all they know , the whole notion of seating classes could be a con : there might be an open fireplace and conveyor belt sushi bar at the back of the plane .
Surely this is missing the point .
Whip back the curtain .
Treat the first - class fat cats to a guided tour of the poky sardine conditions .
Only then can they appreciate their fortune .
Mind you , since comfort is relative , the airlines could , in turn , raise the spirits of the economy section by introducing a new sub-economy class , in which society 's most impoverished passengers travel for free , provided they stand atop rickety stools with a noose round their necks for the duration of the flight .
Suddenly your cramped economy seat will feel like a gilded throne in comparison .
For about 10 minutes .
Until the veins in your leg explode .
If they must take the rich / poor divide to the skyways , they could at least be creative about it .
Here is the ultimate in first - class entertainment : an interactive screen displaying a floorplan of the economy section .
Tap any seat , and up pops a live shot of its luckless proletarian inhabitant .
Now , using a videogame - style joypad , you control his environment .
You can halt his in - flight movie 40 minutes in , turn the sound so low his ears have to squint to hear it , or play it at half normal speed , so Die Hard 4 seems to be taking place underwater .
You can slowly slide his seat forward , gradually reducing his legroom for chuckles .
Blow cold air in his face .
Shine lights in his eyes .
Remorselessly goad him with a stick .
Hidden beneath his seat is a turbulence simulator : activate this if he reaches for orange juice .
Seated beside him is an animatronic baby that will scream , dribble or belch half - digested rusk down the side of his face whenever you see fit .
And if physical discomfort is n't enough , why not mess with his mind ?
Pipe in a faked announcement from the pilot claiming the plane has accidentally flown through a timehole and will now remain airborne for eternity .
Chortle through mouthfuls of roast goose as he tries to slash his own throat with his stupid plastic dinner knife .
Revel in his desperation !
That 's what it 's there for !
Of course , the inequality of air travel is a caricature of what happens on the ground : space and resources for all , doled out disproportionately .
Yet no matter what relative comforts we are gifted , we are all screwed if the wings fall off .
Scary thing is , the bolts holding them in place have been loosening for some time .
Here endeth the metaphor .
Good night .
The town of Columbus , Nebraska , bills itself as a " City of Power and
Progress . "
If Archer Daniels Midland gets its way , that power will be
partially generated by coal , one of the dirtiest forms of energy .
When
burned , it emits carcinogenic pollutants and high levels of the
greenhouse gases linked to global warming .
Ironically this coal
will be used to generate ethanol , a plant - based petroleum substitute
that has been hyped by both environmentalists and President George Bush
as the green fuel of the future .
The agribusiness giant Archer Daniels
Midland ( ADM ) is the largest U.S. producer of ethanol , which it makes
by distilling corn .
ADM also operates coal - fired plants at its company
base in Decatur , Illinois , and Cedar Rapids , Iowa , and is currently
adding another coal - powered facility at its Clinton , Iowa ethanol plant .
That 's
not all .
" [ Ethanol ] plants themselves - not even the part producing the
energy - produce a lot of air pollution , " says Mike Ewall , director of
the Energy Justice Network .
" The EPA ( U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency ) has cracked down in recent years on a lot of Midwestern ethanol
plants for excessive levels of carbon monoxide , methanol , toluene , and
volatile organic compounds , some of which are known to cause cancer . "
A
single ADM corn processing plant in Clinton , Iowa generated nearly
20,000 tons of pollutants including sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides ,
and volatile organic compounds in 2004 , according to federal records .
The EPA considers an ethanol plant as a " major source " of pollution if
it produces more than 100 tons of any one pollutant per year , although
it has recently proposed increasing that cap to 250 tons .
Sulfur
dioxide is classified by the EPA as a contributor to respiratory and
heart disease and the generation of acid rain .
Nitrogen oxides produce
ozone and a wide variety of toxic chemicals as well as contributing to
global warming , according to the EPA , while many volatile organic
compounds are cancer - causing .
Last year , Environmental Defense , a
national environmental group , ranked the Clinton plant as the 26th
largest emitter of carcinogenic compounds in the U.S .
For years ,
ADM promoted itself as the " supermarket to the world " on major U.S .
radio and television networks like NPR , CBS , NBC , and PBS where it
underwrites influential programs such as the NewsHour with Jim Lehrer .
Now , as it actively promotes its ethanol business , ADM has rolled out
its new eco-friendly slogan , " Resourceful by Nature " which " reinforces
our role as an essential link between farmers and consumers . "
Fueling Exploitation : ADM in Brazil and the Ivory Coast Greenpeace
International recently accused Archer Daniels Midland of funding , along
with two other agricultural commodities traders , much of the razing of
the Amazon rainforest for soy production .
The group claims that that
ADM , along with Cargill and Bunge , are responsible for 60 percent of
the financing of soy production in the vital rainforest ecosystem .
ADM
lends money to farmers who plant in areas of the rainforest that have
been illegally cleared , alleges Greenpeace , and then finances the
shipping of soy out of the region .
ADM has set up four grain silos in
the Amazon , for the export of soy from Brazil .
The primarily
destination of the soy is Europe where it ends up as high protein
cattle feed .
ADM is also currently being sued by the
International Labor Rights
Fund for alleged involvement in the
trafficking , torture and forced labor of children who cultivate and
harvest cocoa beans in the Ivory Coast .
The suit , which is being filed
on behalf of Malian children brought against their will to the Ivory
Coast , argues that the company , as well as Nestle and Cargill , has
knowingly turned a blind eye to the use of forced child labor in the
cocoa plantations where the agricultural processor 's chocolate
originates .
" It is unconscionable that Nestle , ADM and Cargill
have ignored repeated and well - documented warnings over the past
several years that the farms they were using to grow cocoa employed
child slave labor , " says International Labor Rights Fund attorney
Natacha
Thys .
" They could have put a stop to it years ago , but chose to
look the other way .
We had to go to court as a last resort . "
For more information :
Greenpeace 's report " Eating Up the Amazon "
Human Rights Watchdog Sues Nestle , ADM , Cargill For Using Forced Child Labor
Despite
the company 's attempts at green packaging , ADM is ranked as the tenth
worst corporate air polluter , on the " Toxic 100 " list of the Political
Economy Research Institute at the University of Massachusetts .
The
Department of Justice and the Environmental Protection Agency has
charged the company with violations of the Clean Air Act in hundreds of
processing units , covering 52 plants in 16 states .
In 2003 the two
agencies reached a $ 351 million settlement with the company .
Three
years earlier , ADM was fined $ 1.5 million by the Department of Justice
and $ 1.1 million by the State of Illinois for pollution related to
ethanol production and distribution .
Currently , the corporation is
involved in approximately 25 administrative and judicial proceedings
connected to federal and state Superfund laws regarding the
environmental clean - up of sites contaminated by ADM operations .
Friends in High Places
Environmentalists
have cried foul , but they are up against the 56th largest company in
the United States , as ranked by revenue in Fortune Magazine .
ADM has
more than 25,000 employees , net sales last year of $ 35.9 billion , with
$ 1 billion in profits , as well as a recent 29 percent profit increase
in the last quarter .
The comany is a global force : ADM is one of the
world 's biggest processors of soybeans , corn , wheat , and cocoa , which
it buys from growers in the U.S. and around the world .
The company
recently hired Patricia A. Woertz , an executive vice president of
Chevron Corporation , as its chief executive officer .
ADM has
another resource at its disposal , the considerable clout it has built
up over decades of courting and lobbying Washington 's power brokers .
Days after the company 's February expansion announcement of the
coal - fired Nebraska plant , U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel W. Bodman
visited ADM 's Decatur headquarters to tout its part in President Bush's
Biofuels Initiative .
The secretary posed for photos with then ADM Chair
G. Allen Andreas and announced that the Department of Energy would
offer up to $ 160 million for the construction of three biorefineries to
expand U.S. ethanol production .
" Partnerships with industry like
these will lead to new innovation and discovery that will usher in an
era of reduced dependence on foreign sources of oil , while
strengthening our economy at home , " Secretary Bodman said from ADM's
trade floor .
Like the ADM ethanol plant in Columbus , the three
biorefineries could well be partially coal - powered , given the absence
of conditions imposed by the Department of Energy .
" It 's been
some 30 years since we got a call from the White House asking for the
agricultural industry , ADM in particular , to take a serious look at the
possibilities of building facilities to produce alternative sources of
energy for our fuel supply in the United States , " said Allen Andreas ,
who was chair , chief executive and president of ADM at the time of
Secretary Bodman 's visit .
" We are delighted to participate in any way
that we can in the president 's programs . "
ADM and its signature
project have never lacked friends in high places , despite a history of
price fixing scandals and monopolistic misdeeds .
The Andreas family ,
which has headed up the publicly - traded company for decades , has
cultivated bipartisan support through generous donations to both
Republicans and Democrats .
Since the 2000 election cycle , ADM has given
more than $ 3 million in political contributions , according to the
Center for Responsive Politics : $ 1.2 million to Democrats and $ 1.85
million to Republicans .
These donations may have helped sustain a
multitude of government subsidies to ADM , including ethanol tax
credits , tariffs against foreign ethanol competitors , and federally
mandated ethanol additive standards .
Politicians from the
Midwestern Corn
Belt are some of the company 's staunchest allies .
Senators Richard Durbin , Charles Grassley , and Tom Harkin ,
and Representative Dick Gephardt have consistently supported lavish
federal tax subsidies to ethanol producers , for which ADM is the
prime beneficiary .
All are recipients of political action committee
donations from the agribusiness behemoth .
The Wall Street Journal has
referred to the former South Dakota senator and Senate minority
leader as " Archer Daschle Midland , " because of his unswerving support for
the interests of the company .
ADM 's political heft was behind
the 54 cent per gallon tariff that the US government has imposed on
imports of sugar - cane based ethanol from Brazil , which is cheaper than
ADM 's corn - based fuel .
The tariff dates back to 1980 when the CEO of
ADM convinced President Carter to adopt it , according to former ADM
lobbyist Joseph Karth .
Iowa 's Senator Grassley recently stated his
intention to block any attempt to remove the tariff on lower - cost
Brazilian fuel in the face of rising gas prices , stating that " lifting
this tariff would be counter - productive to the widely supported goal of
promoting home - grown renewable sources of energy . "
Over many
decades , the company has been the recipient of government largesse in
the form of federal and state corn and ethanol subsidies that have
totaled billions of dollars , prompting the libertarian Cato Institute to
declare ADM the biggest recipient of corporate welfare in the U.S. in
1995 .
ADM has been a prime beneficiary of the federal tax credit on
ethanol , which the refiner can apply to the tax it pays on corporate
income .
First implemented in 1978 , the tax credit currently stands at
51 cents per gallon of ethanol sold .
The Government Accounting Office
estimates the subsidies to the ethanol industry from 1980 - 2000 at $ 11
billion .
As the biggest ethanol producer in the US , ADM has received
the largest portion of the government 's generosity .
Recent
legislation has further greased the tracks of the ethanol gravy train .
The Energy Policy Act of 2005 's Renewable Fuel Standard stipulates that
gasoline sold in the US must include a certain percentage of ethanol or
biodiesel , starting at 4 billion gallons this year and rising to 7.5
billion gallons by 2012 .
ADM got another boost when the federal
government mandated that oil companies replace MTBE , a
cancer - causing gasoline additive , with ethanol .
45 states have
adopted policies to encourage the production and use of the fuel .
ADM
has responded with plans to increase its output of ethanol by 42
percent over the next three years .
When Corn is King
Subsidies
and tax incentives might make public policy sense - even when they flow
into the coffers of a Fortune 500 company with mega- profits - but only if
corn ethanol delivers on the promise that its boosters claim : to
significantly cut greenhouse emissions , protect the environment , and slow
global warming .
Debate has raged for years over whether
ethanol made from corn generates more energy than the amount of fossil
fuel that is used to produce it .
UC Berkeley 's Alexander Farrell
recently co-authored a comprehensive study , published in Science , on
the energy and greenhouse gas output of various sources of ethanol .
His
group found that corn ethanol reduces greenhouse gases by only 13
percent , which compares unfavorably with ethanol made from vegetable
cellulose such as switchgrass .
" Our best guess , " says Farrell , " is that
using corn ethanol today results in a modest decline of greenhouse gas
emissions . "
Yet the enormous amounts of corn that ADM and other
ethanol processors buy from Midwestern farmers wreak damage on the
environment in a multiplicity of ways .
Modern corn hybrids require more
nitrogen fertilizer , herbicides , and insecticides than any other crop ,
while causing the most extensive erosion of top soil .
Pesticide and
fertilizer runoff from the vast expanses of corn in the U.S. prairies
bleed into groundwater and rivers as far as the Gulf of Mexico .
The
nitrogen runoff flowing into the Mississippi River has fostered a vast bloom
of dead algae in the Gulf that starves fish and other aquatic life of
oxygen .
To understand the hidden costs of corn - based ethanol
requires factoring in " the huge , monstrous costs of cleaning up
polluted water in the Mississippi River drainage basin and also trying
to remedy the negative effects of poisoning the Gulf of Mexico , " says
Tad Patzek of the University of California 's Civil and Environmental
Engineering department .
" These are not abstract environmental
effects , " Patzek asserts , " these are effects that impact the drinking
water all over the Corn Belt , that impact also the poison that people
ingest when they eat their food , from the various pesticides and
herbicides . "
Corn farming substantially tops all crops in total
application of pesticides , according to the US Department of
Agriculture , and is the crop most likely to leach pesticides into
drinking water .
While banned by the European Union , atrazine is
the most heavily used herbicide in the United States - primarily applied
to cornfields - and the EPA rates it as the second most common pesticide
in drinking wells .
The EPA has set maximum safe levels of atrazine in
drinking water at 3 parts per billion , but scientists with the U.S .
Geological Survey have found up to 224 parts per billion in Midwestern
streams and 2,300 parts per billion in Corn Belt irrigation reservoirs .
Then there is the question of how practical it is to replace petroleum
with corn - based ethanol .
" There are conflicting figures on how much
land would be needed to meet all of our petroleum demand from ethanol , "
says Energy Justice Network 's Ewall , " and those range from some portion
of what we currently have as available crop land to as much as five
times as the amount of crop land in the US . "
The Department of
Agriculture estimates that the Corn Belt has lost 90 percent of its
original wetlands , two thirds of which has taken place since draining for agriculture began mid-century .
" No one who 's looked at this issue
[ from an environmental perspective ] talks about using corn kernels as
the only , or even major component , of the long term solution , " counters
Nathanael Greene , senior policy analyst with the Natural Resources
Defense Council .
" Everyone assumes we 'll evolve the industry from its
current technology to the advanced technologies . "
If that
happens , it will be a marked reversal of many decades of government
policy in support of Archer Daniels Midland - and the company may well
wonder what it 's getting for its unceasingly ample gifts to both
political parties .
But with the " full - throated support of the Bush
Administration , " in the words of the Renewable Fuels Association , a
corn ethanol - dominated , ADM - led trade group , that day does n't seem to be approaching any
time soon .
Sasha Lilley is a writer for CorpWatch and producer of the program Against the Grain on Pacifica Radio .
Listen to an interview with Sasha Lilley on CorpWatch Radio .
AMP Section Name : Energy
" I thought that when we showed up for class , someone else would be teaching it , " said one of my students at the start of my class on Monday , April 7 , 2014 .
" Really ? " I asked .
" Why ? "
" Because of that question you asked the Admiral on Friday , " he answered .
I looked around and saw the looks on … Continue reading “ Questioning the Powerful ”
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) -
The many medical claims by veterans of U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan has completely overwhelmed the American government , leading to “ shameful failures ” in treatment , a class - action lawsuit filed on Monday alleged .
A view of the main entrance to Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington in this February 9 , 2007 file photo .
The many medical claims by veterans of U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan has completely overwhelmed the American government , leading to " shameful failures " in treatment , a class - action lawsuit filed on Monday alleged .
REUTERS / Yuri Gripas / Files
“ Because of those failures , hundreds of thousands of men and women who have suffered grievous injuries fighting in the ongoing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are being abandoned , ” according to the lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for Northern California .
More than 1.5 million U.S. service members have been sent to Iraq or Afghanistan since 2001 .
Repeated and extended deployments to war zones have driven a rise in post - traumatic stress among troops .
But Pentagon and Veterans Affairs Department lack the resources and staff to help service members , according to recent reports .
The filing by two veterans groups sued various officials in the Department of Veterans Affairs and U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and challenged the constitutionality of a 1988 law establishing various VA practices .
The two plaintiff organization represent about 12,000 American veterans .
“ Unless systemic and drastic measures are instituted immediately , the costs to these veterans , their families , and our nation will be incalculable , including broken families , a new generation of unemployed and homeless veterans , increases in drug abuse and alcoholism , and crushing burdens on the health care delivery system and other social services in our communities , ” the suit said .
The suit said the Department of Veterans Affairs faced a backlog of 600,000 claims , with some veterans dying while waiting to settle claims .
It also claimed the VA was unable to deal with the growing number of Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder cases .
A spokesman for the Veterans Affairs Department was not immediately available .
In April President George W. Bush announced a government plan to improve health care and related services for U.S. troops and returning veterans .
The General Accountability Office reported last year that the Pentagon referred only 22 percent of U.S. troops returning from Iraq and Afghanistan with signs of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder for mental health evaluations .
Skip to comments .
The Cities With The Most Beautiful Women
Posted on by pissant
10 . Hong Kong , China
Ahh yes of course Hong Kong , land of the beautiful Asian women who all speak English , & plus they 're rich , so of course it would make the list .
Reknowned as faster than New York , & more glamorous than Paris , Hong Kong is where some of the finest models and actresses come together to unwind after strenuous schedules .
And for those of you who say you do n't like Oriental women , well you 've never seen one properly .
9 . Tel Aviv , Israel Israel has some of the best looking women in the world , something about those green eyes that are just particularly attractive .
But beware as in Israel women over the age of 18 are required to have been in the military , this of course means that if you sleep with an Israeli girl 's best friend , she may very well kick your ass , while equipped with an Uzi .
Sure it 's a longshot , but it could happen .
8. Montreal , Canada
Ahh the flavour of France but with the convenient location of Canada , Montreal is truly one of the world 's best cities .
So many colleges & universities , so many women , & with fashion sense , a very good quality may I add .
The best part of course being that the women all speak French , the language of love .
So my friends , take a trip to Montreal , and find a beautiful leather trench coat wearing beauty that will serenade you in French all night long .
7. Caracas , Venezuela Caracas the capital of Venezuela , Venezuela the country with more Miss Universe Pageant titles than any other nation , so you know it 's capital is going to be raging full of beautiful women .
Women so beautiful that they make Brazilian women look like trashier counterparts .
I speak honestly when I tell you that I know what type of undergarments runner up to Miss Venezuela wears ( let us just say little flowers ) , what I cannot begin to tell you however is the amount of fun you will have if you take a trip to Venezuela , say hello to Hugo Chavez for me .
6. Moscow , Russia Mother Russia is home to some of the world 's finest women , the Moscow subway alone has more beauties than all of the United States alone , I only wish I were exaggerating , I live in the US :( .
It 's not only the regularity of tall , blonde hair , blue eyed women that make it so great , it 's also the amazing level of friendliness that you will find .
Unlike some ( most ) Latin countries where the women are more concerned with a man 's bank account status , than with his looks or charm , the opposite can be said about Russia , here it 's looks that get you bye not wealth , now this may be a disappointment for you , but for me it worked out just fine .
5. Prague , Czech Republic
How much can be said about Eastern European chicks , well I think you will find upon arrival that so much can be said you would be better of putting it all in a song , as I myself once did .
The women of Prague are on a level unlike most any other kind you may have ever seen .
As a short trip to a riverside nightclub will surely reveal to you , that you are in fact not in Kansas anymore , you 're in Prague , the land of Blonde short skirt wearing vixens dancing on tabletops , smiling at you , yes that 's right you , well really I mean me , but maybe you too .
4. Varna , Bulgaria
Many of you may not have heard of Bulgaria , some of you may not know where to find it on a map , but you have all been there , in your dreams at night when you sleep .
A land of cheap vodka , no drug laws , mecahnical bulls on the beach , & waterslides .
A land of cafes with inflatable furniture , the land of g- strings , & see through pants , the land of topless sunbathing .
But more importantly than all others the land of the world 's most beautiful , charming , & stunning women , oh how I love them so .
3. Buenos Aires , Argentina Buenos
Aires should be designated the capital of the Western Hemisphere , not only for it's wealth of beautiful women on a scale unlike any other Latin Country , even the extraordinary Venezuela , but for being the best city this side of Paris .
Buenos Aires is amazing , where else can you sing Madonna hyms by the burial site of Evita , answer nowhere .
More inportantly where else can I get invited to model scout competitions , invited to Fashion TV parties , & kiss a 6 " 4 supermodel , well not too many other places let me tell you .
2. Copenhagen , Denmark Copenhagen has surely got some of the world 's most beautiful women , & also some of the friendliest , maybe even a little bit more sex orientated than their Swedish counterparts .
For instance , I had just arrived at the Copenhagen train station , it was late , I was tired , I must 've been looking good , for I noticed a hot Danish girl looking my way , so I looked hers , then I smiled , then she pointed me out to her friend , & next thing you know I had an entire highschool classroom full of girls yelling at me , things , yelling things , good things .
This alone is why I say Copenhagen is the best , it 's like Amsterdam but cool , plus with way finer women .
1. Stockholm , Sweden Stockholm is a city filled with the best looking women in the world , women so good looking that when you walk in to a 7 - 11 you will swear that you have just walked into a reality tv set , What Happens When Supermodels Work at A Convenience Store ?
Yes I know it 's a long name , but hey it 's true .
Better yet the women are super friendly , & extremely educated , they speak English with English accents , they start making you wonder whether England in fact had good looking women but they 're all on working vacations in Sweden , turns out they 're not as England does n't have but in fact they 're all just really well studied Swedish girls
TOPICS :
Business / Economy
KEYWORDS :
hotties
sweden
There HAS to be an Irish city that would qualify !
To : pissant
Stockholm ?
I do n't think so .
To : pissant
somehow or other , this reminds me of a Beach Boys song ....
To : pissant
Hey , America did n't even get one city named either ... I think it 's fixed ... Dallas / Fort Worth had the most beautiful women I 've seen in my travels ... MUD
To : Grzegorz 246
Stockholm may qualify as having the most available women , since the men are either wimps or poofers .
Easy pickins for a yank .
To : pissant
But more importantly than all others the land of the world 's most beautiful , charming , & stunning women , oh how I love them so .
How can you make a statement like that , then rank the country fourth ? ;)
To : Knitting A Conundrum
Yeah , singing : I wish they all could be South Seattle Girls ..
To : pissant
Sorry , but New York City is the most demographically diverse place on earth , with the most beautiful women from every nation and every ethnic group .
Not to mention that as these groups intermarry , New York produces hybridized beauties , as The Great Melting Pot produces gorgeous Afro- Swedish - Chinese - Venezuelans , and so forth .
by 8 posted onby FormerACLUmember ( Honoring Saint Jude 's assistance every day . )
To : Mudboy Slim
In my college days , I would have vouched for Phoenix over any other city .
But then again , a young Pissant was a chick magnet .
To : Mr. Jeeves
" How can you make a statement like that , then rank the country fourth ? ; ) "
I thought the same thing when I read that .
by 10 posted onby Blzbba ( Do n't hate the player - hate the game ! )
To : FormerACLUmember
Yeah , but the NYC chicks are all liberals , meaning they are butt - ugly by the age of 40 .
To : pissant
Tell 'em that all the moisture there in the air in the Seattle area will keep 'em looking younger longer ... that might snag a few ...( of course , do n't tell 'em about the traffic there , though )
To : pissant
I 'm a pretty fair judge of the opposite sex , and I aint seen nothin that will touch em yet .
They may be from Waco or out in Lampasas , but one thing about it they all come from Texas .
I 'm an Oiler fan not a soccer man and my arms are red and so is my blood .
And they make it boil with that soft Texas drawl and I love 'em all Texas women .
Hank Jr .
by 13 posted onby normy ( Do n't hit at all if it is honorably possible to avoid hitting ; but never hit soft . )
To : Knitting A Conundrum
Or my wife , since they would be coming to see me . ;o )
To : Dashing Dasher
ping
To : Mudboy Slim
I would say Dallas / Fort Worth , Atlanta , The LSU campus in Baton Rouge ( if you have n't been you neeed to go ) , and Nashville from my travels .
I would tank most American cities ahead of any other country .
You may have the occasional babe across the big water , but per capita U.S. rules .
To : pissant
LOL ... never been to Phoenix ... good thing , too , as I would n't wanted to have to settle fer pissant 's leftovers ... MUD
To : One Proud Dad
Except Seattle .
Never seen such a homely population of college chicks than at the University of Washington .
To : pissant
I think we need some visual illustrations in order to judge this properly :-P
Cheers .
To : Mudboy Slim
Just hope there 's not a gaggle of Pissant Jr. 's running around down there ...
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
CHINA'SC share of world GDP is nearly four times more than it was in 1980 .
Measured at purchasing - power parity , it approaches that of the world 's rich countries , and in 15 years may overtake Germany and Japan to become the world 's second - biggest economy .
China 's growing share , and that of the rest of Asia , have come at the European Union 's expense .
AFP
I wrote a book !
The title is Smart and Gets Things Done : Joel Spolsky ’s Concise Guide to Finding the Best Technical Talent .
It is , as promised , concise .
Even though it ’s hardback , it ’s about the size of a paperback romance novel , with wider margins , and about 180 pages , including some blank ones .
To pad it out , Apress hired my favorite illustrator , Terry Colon , to illustrate it .
He did a fantastic job ( the cover illustration at right will give you a feel for his style ) .
His goofy , frantic , manically hilarious illustrations are reason enough to buy the book .
Here ’s what you get :
Introduction
Chapter 1 : “ Hitting the High Notes ”
Chapter 2 : “ Finding Great Developers ”
Chapter 3 : “ A Field Guide to Developers ”
Chapter 4 : “ Sorting Resumes ”
Chapter 5 : “ The Phone Screen ”
Chapter 6 : “ The Guerrilla Guide to Interviewing ”
Chapter 7 : “ Fixing Suboptimal Teams ”
Appendix : “ The Joel Test ”
As you know , I write first and foremost for the web , so most of this material originated as Joel on Software articles .
As usual , I did a bunch of reorganizing , reformatting , and rewriting to make it into a book - quality thing that you can read from beginning to end , and , since it ’s such a short book , you should be able to do that during the commercials of a typical half - hour sitcom .
It ’s cheap , about $ 13 on Amazon right now , so get your copy now before they run out .
Welcome to Pyongyang Peter Walker talks to North Korea expert Nick Bonner and photographer Charlie Crane , who have produced a book of photographs from the country 's capital , Pyongyang .
The pair travelled to the city three times to photograph people , tourist sights and hotels .
Laid out as a guidebook , the pictures in Welcome to Pyongyang are accompanied by commentaries from North Korean tourism guides .
All photographs ( except three news pictures of military marches ) copyright Charlie Crane / Koryo Tours
Opinion The Emperor's Green Clothes
In presenting his own proposal to deal with greenhouse gas emissions just days before next week 's G - 8 summit , Bush is trying to look like a leader on climate change in the hope of outmaneuvering Europe and his critics .
But his plan is purposely vague and his ideas stale .
Photo : Kyoko Hamada
Edward Tufte is most likely the world ’s only graphic designer with roadies .
“ We own two of everything — amplifiers , digital projectors , ” other A/V gear , he says .
“ One set moves up and down the West Coast , and one stays in the East , to keep the FedEx charges down . ”
He plays 35 or so dates a year , at $ 380 per ticket .
Today ’s is in a raddled old auditorium on 34th Street , over the Hammerstein Ballroom .
Like a musician ’s tour to promote an album , this one — which will hit New York again in the fall — exists partly to sell Tufte ’s four design books , the newest of which is titled Beautiful Evidence .
But Tufte , through his own Graphics Press , is the book ’s publisher , and he does n’t do the usual quick month of hard promotion before heading back to his desk .
He keeps going on the road , selling steadily , a few gigs a month , year after year .
That may be why there are 1.4 million copies of his titles in print — a staggering figure for self - publishing .
( The top seller , The Visual Display of Quantitative Information , has been a reliable mover since 1983 . )
And at these six - and - a - half - hour presentations , the audience starts cheering when he hits the floor , clamors for their books to be signed , buys posters at the table out front .
As soon as the applause stops , Tufte bolts backstage , enthusiastically draining a Corona .
“ There are usually about 500 people who want to talk afterwards , and I ’ve exhausted myself , ” he says sheepishly .
“ I have to go hide out .
Otherwise it takes hours . ”
This is all a good deal more lucrative than many author tours .
“ Thirty - five , forty dollars a book , 1.4 million copies ? ” he says , with a quizzical smile , when I ask about money .
“ You can multiply . ”
And who are these fans who wo n’t leave ?
The majority are male , and wearing expensive rimless eyeglasses .
Many are Web designers , creative directors , art directors , editors , architects .
They come in knowing Tufte ’s obsessions and coinages : Content - light splashy graphics , or “ chartjunk , ” are bad .
Little repeated graphics displaying variations , or “ small multiples , ” are good .
Microsoft ’s PowerPoint software is an all - conquering monster of crumminess , a threat to life as we know it .
Most of all , if you are making a presentation , you can probably say everything you need to on a single folded sheet of eleven - by - seventeen copy paper , and you ought to .
Pretty much anyone who writes or presents can learn from Tufte , and those who have studied his work often speak of him as a kind of prophet .
The iPhone is going to be the most talked - about object in America later this month , and the endless praise of Apple ’s pared - down aesthetic is , in a way , his triumph .
A moment ago , I described Edward Tufte as a graphic designer , but that ’s not exactly right .
His field is almost sui generis , containing bits and pieces of art direction , data - crunching , economics , historical research , and plain old expository writing .
It ’s often labeled “ information architecture , ” or “ analytic design . ”
Tufte himself describes it many ways , but one is drawn from a classic piece of science writing : “ escaping Flatland , ” or using paper ’s two dimensions to convey several more .
Another , more acidic description : “ getting design out of fashion and out of the hands of Microsoft . ”
His four books have collectively been called a Strunk and White for design .
Tufte works by showing both outstanding and horrid graphics he ’s found , improving upon the latter , and his principles take on the meditative quality of Zen koans :
To clarify , add detail .
And : Clutter is a failure of design , not an attribute of information .
Like its predecessors , Beautiful Evidence is a triumph of the book designer ’s art , with exceedingly handsome , deeply instructive pages that are at once spare and dense .
Tufte , as you may have guessed , is also that book designer , and says he could n’t maintain his exacting standards any other way .
And I believe him : A visit to edwardtufte.com reveals , in a discussion thread from last year , a cage match between Tufte and his paper supplier over some little black specks in the book ’s recycled stock .
The fight goes on far too long , building into inadvertent comedy , and Tufte , who admits to a prickly side and a decent ego , gets his way in the end .
How exactly does one create a discipline from scratch ?
Born in Kansas City , Tufte graduated from , of all places , Beverly Hills High School .
His father was an engineer ; his mother an English professor whose book on writing , Artful Sentences , is the only Graphics Press book not written by her son .
Tufte ’s job description evolved through studies of statistics ( Stanford ) , a doctorate in political science ( Yale ) , and a public - policy professorship ( Princeton ) , as he saw a lot of data and thought about how to present it .
He spent the eighties consulting with various companies ( and with various degrees of frustration ) , from IBM to the New York Times .
Beautiful Evidence rings out variations on several Tufte themes , but it ’s a little different from its predecessors in that it tries to reduce his case - study method to first principles , a set of six rules that have real - world applicability .
( More koans , like Content counts most of all . )
In particular , he dissects an image he ’s used before .
It ’s a diagrammatic map showing Napoleon ’s march to and from Moscow in the winter of 1812 – 1813 .
The map displays the facts — the army left Poland with 422,000 men , and came back with 10,000 — and conveys the awful toll on several scales : the sinking temperature , the loss of nearly half the army during one frigid river crossing .
Drafted by one Charles Minard in 1869 , it “ may be the best statistical graphic ever drawn , ” and he sells prints through his Website .
It is also , he ’s said , about far more than data : “ He did this because he hated war .
It took me twenty years to notice it , but nowhere on this does he mention Napoleon .
It does n’t celebrate the surviving celebrity . ”
I ’ve been in no fewer than three apartments lately where those prints are on the walls .
The other big introduction in this book is a tiny visual device Tufte calls a “ sparkline . ”
It ’s intended to convey a bunch of data , perhaps a couple of hundred numbers ’ worth , in a space no larger than would be required for a couple of words , like this bit of medical monitoring :
Sparklines are aimed at the financial and sports pages , and you may soon see one in a newspaper or on a news site near you .
A few papers already use them , and , as he points out , “ Sparklines gets as many Google hits as Andy Warhol . ”
Tufte also suggests that , should you need to present data about , say , the bond market , you can fit a couple hundred of them on that eleven - by - seventeen sheet you should be using .
Use both sides , and “ that ’s 800,000 numbers , ” in entirely manageable form !
Yes , this is very nerdy stuff — and then again it is n’t .
The chief weapon in contemporary politics is framing the argument .
A boiling - down of the health - care crisis to a set of crisp visuals could swing a lot of votes .
Look what An Inconvenient Truth ’s slideshow did .
Which brings us to those slides .
About four years ago , Tufte began a minor crusade against Microsoft PowerPoint — he seems almost morally offended by its rigidity and clutter ( “ It ’s a low - resolution screwup , like voice - mail menu systems ” ) — and a chunk of Beautiful Evidence is devoted to explicating quite how crappy it is .
At his conferences , Tufte picks apart one particular PowerPoint slide , revealed during NASA ’s inquest after the Columbia disaster .
It ’s from a set of slides so constrained by their own bullet points that they more or less convey the opposite of what they mean .
The data said a rescue operation was in order ; NASA ’s managers understood that they had a go - ahead to land the Columbia .
Seven dead .
PowerPoint may be a step backward , but the backlash is under way ( Google “ PowerPoint is evil ” if you disagree ) and there is abundant evidence that Tufte ’s work is rising out of the Flatland of academia .
His first book called out the Times ’s lousy graphics ; today , he says , the paper has some of the best .
The current vogue for less - is - more minimalism , for ample white space , is traceable in part to Tufte , especially when it comes to a certain maker of MP3 players .
In fact , when I ask him whom he ’s never worked for but would like to , he leans in and says , “ A - P - P - L - E ! [ But ] they do n’t need any help . ”
The lovefest appears to be requited .
In press photos of the iPhone , the device displays a New York Times Web front page on its screen .
And that page contains a tiny ad for Beautiful Evidence , one that ran on the Times site for exactly one Sunday .
Tufte thinks the cameo was a lucky break .
I have no doubt that it ’s an anonymous Apple designer ’s thank - you note .
Tufte envisions Beautiful Evidence as the fourth book in a five - volume series , and I ask him what No. 5 might be .
“ No more staring at pixels on the screen .
More staring at … what ’s going into Real - land . ”
In other words , that new book may not be a book at all .
“ Movies , books , DVDs — I do n’t know .
It ’s called ‘ walking , seeing , and constructing , ’ and it ’s now in Spaceland .
No more representations .
Instead of designing with Adobe Illustrator , I ’m designing with a Komatsu excavator . ”
The beginning of that change in focus appears at the end of Beautiful Evidence , in a digression about the display of fine art , including photos of his own sculptures .
He says his ultimate goal is “ to try to help people see better and more intensely .
Seeing intensely ” — probing the intersection where art and science and philosophy all meet .
Off the printed page altogether , getting out of Flatland for good .
Photo : Courtesy of Graphics Press
Photo : Courtesy of Graphics Press
A classic Tufte case study .
In Beautiful Evidence , Edward Tufte remakes a crude graph that first appears in Carl Sagan ’s The Dragons of Eden .
In the original , at right , bunched - up labels mislead the reader , making inappropriate visual connections ( the Tyrannosaurus looks too close to the gorilla , for example ) , and the heavy frame dominates the composition .
In the redesign , those busy little lines connecting data points to words are gone , and the frame and grid recede .
In their place , the facts come to the fore , and lightness is allowed in ( as is a bit of restrained whimsy , in the form of Babar ) .
SEE ALSO :
• A Classic Tufte Case Study
• Why He Hates PowerPoint
I see that Zbigniew Brzezinski is stealing my ideas and not giving me credit , but , what the heck , I ’m in a generous mood  and he puts his own gloss on it  so I do n’t mind ( via Matthew Yglesias ) :
“ Zbigniew Brzezinski at the conference says the U.S. and Israel should try to put their demands for Iranian disarmament in the context of support for a regional nuclear - free zone ( i.e. , Israeli nuclear disarmament ) .
After all , he says , if we ’re supposed to believe that Israel ’s nuclear arsenal is n’t a sufficient deterrent to ensure Israeli security in the face of Iran ’s nuclear program , then it obviously is n’t a very valuable asset . ”
What good is the Israeli “ deterrent ” if it does n’t deter ?
A good question , perhaps answered by challenging the assumption that the nukes in the IDF ’s arsenal are at all defensive in nature or intent .
The Israelis clearly intend to crouch behind their nuclear shield as they expand their sphere of influence , and this has been especially true since the implementation of the “ Clean Break ” scenario espoused by the Likudniks and their American co-thinkers .
Growing Israeli influence in Kurdistan , recent incursions into Lebanon , and the purported ability of Israeli agents to penetrate Iran ’s borders attest to the success of their strategy .
While American soldiers in Iraq take bullets from Sunni insurgents  and , increasingly , radical Shi’ite militias  the Israelis have been quietly ( and not so quietly ) taking the spoils of our Pyrrhic “ victory . ”
I ’m kidding when I say that the former national security adviser and renowned foreign policy theoretician is “ stealing ” the idea that we ought not to support Israel ’s Near Eastern nuclear monopoly .
It is a perfectly rational , logical argument , one that has long been advanced by the Syrians , the Arab League , and any number of commentators in the Arab - Muslim world (s ) .
It is also radically heretical in the West , where discussion of Israel ’s unquestioned hegemony in the region  and in the politics of policy formulation in the U.S. and Western Europe  is prohibited .
Which is why I ’ve been practically alone , until recently , in challenging the prevailing orthodoxy .
The concept of parity between the Israelis and their Arab - Muslim antagonists may soon be legitimized , in spite of the Western taboo against straight talk on this issue , when the regime of Gen.
Pervez Musharraf expires and gives way to an openly Islamist government that possesses as many as 55 nukes .
Then , perhaps , the idea of negotiating a nuclear - free zone in the Middle East wo n’t seem so radical after all .
By then , however , it may be too late .
In the meantime , however , Israel ’s apologists are doing everything in their power to make sure that such heretical views do n’t even get a fair hearing .
Surely this impulse to censor was what energized my critics during the recent debate over at Jewcy.com pitting me against Michael Freund  who wants the U.S. to bomb Iran because of the alleged threat its nuclear program poses to Israel .
One such critic , Noah Pollak , wrote :
“ Far be it from me to take Mr. Raimondo seriously when he says such things  his contributions to last week ’s exchange were studded with so many hateful condemnations , bizarre declarations , and quarter - baked ideas that doing so would require me to empty my brain of everything I ’ve learned about both the Middle East and foreign policy . ”
What were these “ hateful condemnations ” ?
Pollak never tells us .
What “ bizarre declarations ” is he talking about ?
The only sentence of mine he cites says that Iran has no intention of nuking Israel and could n’t reach the U.S. even if it wanted to  is this really so bizarre ?
As for those “ quarter - baked ideas ”  I guess he ’s referring to the nuclear - free Middle East concept that such rank amateurs as Brzezinski are now pushing .
I have to say that Pollak ’s piece was published only after my “ dialogue ” with Freund was posted .
Since I was clearly the winner of that initial facedown , I guess the editors of Jewcy.com thought they ’d give the other side another shot  without informing me or soliciting my response .
Aside from the issue of good manners , however , Pollak ’s polemic is typical of the War Party ’s style of argument in that it consists mostly of epithets .
Once we get past Pollak ’s rhetorical flourishes , however , and the almost ritualistic terms of abuse , what we find is a rather weak argument in favor of maintaining what the author refers to as an “ American - enforced security architecture ” that “ shows so much support for Israel that the Arab states would henceforth refuse to challenge it . ”
Pollak avers :
“ Iran is indeed a threat to both the United States and to Israel  but the threat does not come in the cartoonish form of Mr. Raimondo ’s fevered imagination , with Iranian bombers nuking Tel Aviv and Iranian ICBM ’s rocketing their way toward New York .
Those scenarios are red herrings intended to make Raimondo ’s task of turning America and Israel into the world ’s leading belligerents much easier . ”
It ’s not very clever of Pollak to attribute to me arguments made by Freund : all the reader has to do is go back and look at the previous “ dialogue ” to see that it is Freund who makes the far - fetched claim that Iran is developing long - range missiles capable of striking American cities .
I merely refuted him .
Such “ red herrings ” are rampant these days , as the Bush administration recently made a similar argument , telling Vladimir Putin that missile - defense systems put in place in Poland and Czechoslovakia are meant to guard against the allegedly imminent threat of an Iranian attack .
In any event , insofar as it is useful in this discussion to differentiate American from Israeli interests  and that , in essence , is the issue at hand  the idea that Iranian nukes would or could pose a threat to America cried out for a definitive debunking .
The problem for Pollak is to erase all distinctions between these two nations ’ separate interests , which are sometimes complementary and yet increasingly at odds .
His solution is to simply ignore diverging strategic imperatives and argue in favor of maintaining the status quo , which amounts to anointing the Israelis as the local satraps of the Empire and giving them unconditional support right down the line .
In doing so , he makes some pretty counterintuitive arguments , such as the following :
“ The actual threat posed by a nuclear Iran involves the manner in which such a development would upset the balance of power in the Middle East , which no doubt for Mr. Raimondo is a boring subject as it does not provide ready opportunities for Israel Lobby hysteria and mushroom cloud fantasies .
To understand the consequences of a nuclear Iran , we have to look to the recent history of Middle East power arrangements . ”
What follows , then , is an account of recent Middle Eastern history studded with such stunners as :
“ American strategists decided to attempt to impose peace in the region by showing so much support for Israel that the Arab states would henceforth refuse to challenge it .
And this strategy has been a resounding success : Since 1973 there have been no more wars between Israel and Arab countries . ”
Hmm .
I guess those two  count ‘em , two  invasions of Lebanon do n’t count as wars , perhaps because Israel was twice beaten back , the second time decisively .
In any case , Pollak ’s argument is that Iranian nukes will lead the Sunni nations to all want nukes , too , and this would “ shatter the balance of power . ”
Pollak ’s idea of a proper “ balance of power ” is that Israel alone will have the capacity to wipe out its neighbors with the press of a single button , the barking of a single command .
In short , the only acceptable “ balance ” is Israeli military dominance .
He does his bit to dress up this domination in the garb of an “ American - enforced security architecture , ” but that , in essence , is what we are really talking about here : maintaining Israel ’s nuclear monopoly at all costs .
It is okay , in Pollak ’s worldview , for the Israelis to possess this terrible power : they , after all , can be trusted with it , because , after all , they ’re just like us  are n’t they ?
They would n’t use nuclear weapons against , say , the Iranians , by launching a first strike that would wipe out Tehran .
I would n’t be so sure , and one can be certain that the Iranians  and the Egyptians , the Jordanians , and everyone else in the Middle East  are n’t so sure , either .
Which brings us to the question of why these folks did n’t begin their arms race long ago  if only to deter a nuclear - armed Israel .
If that did n’t motivate them to develop The Bomb , then , I would argue , nothing will  including the nuclearization of Iran .
If Pollak is going to decry the prospect of an arms race in the Middle East , then perhaps he should place the blame on those who started it  the Israelis .
They were first to build a nuclear arsenal , and , unlike Iran , they refuse to this day to allow inspectors in and have steadfastly declined to sign the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty .
The present “ American - enforced security architecture ” is unsustainable , and must collapse due to its inherent unfairness .
The Arab - Muslim nations of the Middle East cannot be expected to cower indefinitely under threat of attack from a nuclear - armed Israel or its American patron , meekly accepting foreign domination of their own region .
Our posture is the main recruiting tool of the worldwide terrorist insurgency symbolized by Osama bin Laden , and it can only be maintained by sacrificing American interests on the altar of our “ special relationship ” with Israel .
Our present policy is a gross distortion that desperately needs to be corrected before we can hope to eliminate the danger to our economic well - being and security posed by the rise of radical Islamism .
The “ clash of civilizations ” is really a conflict generated by Western imperialism and colonialism ; it is not at all inherent in the nature of either Islam or the West .
The United States should apply the same standards to Israel as it does to Iran .
If the Iranians must disarm , then so must the Israelis .
If nukes in the hands of the mullahs are threatening , then they are no less so when wielded by ultra-nationalistic Zionists of the Likudnik persuasion .
The current crisis provoked by the Iranian nuclear power program only highlights how utterly archaic our present policy in the region has become  and demonstrates that nuclear disarmament must be made a regional issue rather than a bludgeon with which to beat the Iranians .
Anyone who could argue , as Pollak has , that an American attack on Iran would not produce regional chaos has got to be smoking some pretty strong stuff .
Not once does he mention the probable fate of the 150,000 or so American soldiers in Iraq who would surely be the objects of Shi’ite rage in response to the killing of thousands of their Iranian co-religionists .
Apparently the lives of so many Americans make no difference to him .
So much for his pretense of upholding American interests in the region .
This is n’t about America , however , as Pollak makes all too clear .
The current propaganda campaign on behalf of striking Iran  a campaign given a big boost by the Republican candidates for president , who , except for Ron Paul , favor hitting Iran with nukes  is all about Israel .
It ’s as simple as that .
The question before the house is this : should the United States exhaust itself militarily , economically , and psychologically in order to ensure indefinite Israeli domination of the Middle East ?
To the Israel Lobby , this is a no - brainer : of course it should .
Anything less than unconditional support for Israel ’s strategic objectives would be anti-Semitic and “ hateful . ”
To which an increasing number of policy wonks , such as Brzezinski , and ordinary Americans , such as myself , answer : we wo n’t be intimidated any longer .
It ’s high time the central premise of American policy in the Middle East is challenged and the specialness of the “ special relationship ” is held up to scrutiny .
This latest demand  that the U.S. expend its resources , including the lives of its young people , in yet another war on Israel ’s behalf  has nothing to do with defending the Jewish state against what Pollak admits is the canard of nuclear incineration at Iranian hands , and everything to do with keeping the Israeli boot firmly on Arab and Muslim necks .
And that cause is not worth a single American life .
I know that by writing this I may well be killing any chances at future funding from Paul Graham and Co. over at Y Combinator , but this was downright atrocious .
Let me preface this by saying I am personally disappointed because I applied to the Summer Founders Program and was rejected .
From what I can tell , I can reproduce in a weekend what took these people 3 months to accomplish .
Background
Paul Graham started a VC for mini startups called Y Combinator .
They gave 9 groups $ 6,000 - 10,000 PER PERSON to work on any website they wanted for 3 months .
My entry was Web Collaborator .
During my summer , I created Print Promotion , worked on a top secret project with Adaptive Path that will soon change the way you feel about blogging , and am now working with O’Reilly on an amazingly innovative project .
Quite productive for 3 months .
Conclusion
In that same time , 2 of the 9 groups ( groups consisted of at least 2 - 3 people ) came up with the following :
Reddit : A rip - off of the ideas behind Del.ici.ous and Digg built in Lisp .
( there apparently is more to the application than has been released , but I am not impressed so far )
Brain Guppy : A cheap rip - off of Hot or Not for narcissistic geeks built in Ruby on Rails .
Stuff Guppy : A cheaper rip - off of Hot or Not where you rate whether “ stuff ” is cool or crappy , also built in Ruby on Rails .
Their best dud ideas include selling crappy Cafepress t- shirts and showing ads .
Question someone should have asked them : who wants to look at crap after 8 hours at work ?
What do they all have in common ?
They are all cheap rip - offs of other people ’s ideas
They are hardly innovative
They have little - to - no technical merit , I can reproduce Stuff Guppy in a weekend .
Alone .
They are not very popular
None of these have the potential to be a self - sustaining business
What a waste of over $ 30,000 for the above web sites .
Some of the sites made during the 24 hours of Rails Day were better than what these guys came up with .
24 HOURS !
I am sorry Paul Graham and Co , but if this is what you have to show , I am totally unimpressed ( though I still want the money to work on some ideas of mine :) ) .
As a friend pointed out , “ the key criterion here seems to be ‘ would be fun to code ’ , not ‘ people will want to use ’ or ‘ will make money ’ ” .
Which is terribly ironic since Paul constantly harps on people to focus on the later .
Another case of do what I say , not what I do .
Update : Maybe 3 of 9 is n’t as big a sample as I thought .
I just came across another one : ClickFacts .
It seems that ClickFacts has attempted to assert itself as an expert on ad fraud .
To me though , this seems like they were thinking “ what would Google buy ? ” , which is better than the 3 mentioned above but to me it seems cheep and shallow .
Just my impression .
This account says that “ at least half of the startups in the program are seriously cool ” so maybe I have just seen the bad half .
Baltimore lawmakers have rejected a proposal to allow the mayor to lock down streets and close businesses in high - crime zones , the most recent attempt to curb violence the city .
The proposal , which was introduced by City Council member Robert W. Curran , a Democrat , also would have granted police extended search powers .
“ I think Councilman Curran ’s heart was in the right place , ” said council member Kenneth Harris Sr. , a Democrat and candidate for council president .
Violent crime continues to vex city officials and politicians during this election year .
There have been 110 homicides so far this year , and 265 non -fatal shootings .
The 15 - member council unanimously rejected Mr. Curran ’s proposal Monday but acknowledged the city ’s violent - crime problems .
“ While I do agree that desperate times call for desperate measures , I do not agree that trampling on citizens ’ civil liberties is the answer , ” said council member Keifer J. Mitchell Jr. , a Democrat also running for mayor .
“ This bill gives the mayor tremendous power , tantamount to declaring martial law , and I have grave reservations about that . ”
Mayor Sheila Dixon , a Democrat , since taking office in January has attempted to return the city to a policy of community policing , instead of former Mayor Martin O’Malley ’s zero - tolerance policy .
“ Mayor Dixon has put together a public - safety strategy that she thinks is working , ” said administration spokesman Anthony McCarthy .
“ She appreciates Councilman Curran ’s enthusiasm and putting the issue of violent crime on the table for further debate .
And she ’s pleased that her council colleagues want to give her strategy a chance . ”
Mr. Curran did not return phone calls to respond to this story .
Representatives of the Baltimore City Police Department said the discussion is essential but such tactics as searches and closing businesses goes too far .
“ There ’s human lives being wasted every day ; it ’s a violent city , ” said Paul M. Blair Jr. , president of the city ’s police union .
“ We ’re the ones who have to carry out the law , [ but ] we really do n’t want to get into enforcing martial law . ”
Gov. Martin O’Malley , a Democrat , received broad support in 1999 in his first run for mayor when he promised to adopt New York City ’s “ zero tolerance ” style of policing .
While it helped launch Mr. O’Malley ’s political career , it also drove a wedge between city police and the neighborhoods in which they were working .
“ While mayor for seven years , Martin O’Malley reduced violent crime by nearly 40 percent and proof of this success is the record investment throughout Baltimore , ” O’Malley spokesman Sasha Leonhardt said yesterday .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The Worst C Example Ever May 21 , 2007
Posted by Imran Ghory in Software development
The Example :
strcpy ( str , getpass ( " Enter password : " ) ) ;
The first time I saw this I was shocked at how many problems this tiny example of code has ( there ’s a list of problems further on – if you want to try and figure out the problems yourself try to write a working getpass ( ) function based upon this caller ) .
To put this example in context it came from Question 6.5 of the comp.lang .c
FAQ in which this example is given as an example for how to achieve what the following piece of code is trying to do :
extern char * getpass ( ) ;
char str [ 10 ] ;
str = getpass ( " Enter password : " ) ;
For those of you who are n’t C programmers the above chunk of code wo n’t work as getpass ( ) is returning a pointer to an array ( in C strings are represented as arrays of chars ) and C doens’t support implicit array copying .
However the “ fixed ” example is almost as bad as the original , only made marginally better by the fact it technically works .
However it is horrendous as an example of good coding practice .
So what ’s wrong with it ?
The newbie programmer has almost certainly implemented getpass ( ) using the following method :
char* getpass ( void )
{
char password [ 10 ] ;
scanf ( " %s
" , password ) ;
return password ;
}
This reads the password into a local variable which it then returns a pointer to it .
The worst thing about this is the code will actually work sometimes and not other times leaving the programmer in a terrible confusion ( local variables are allocated on the stack hence will get overwritten after the function ends ) .
A more spohisticated way to write this function and how it would be generally be done would be to use dynamically allocated memory as in the following :
char* getpass ( void )
{
char* password = ( char* ) malloc ( 10 ) ;
scanf ( " %9s
" , password ) ;
return password ;
}
However in the original bad example the code is throwing away the pointer which getpass ( ) returns , which means that it ’s not possible to free that memory .
Hence you end up with a memory leak , not good .
So this solution is not good in the context .
The best possible getpass ( ) you could get away with is to declare a static char array variable which you return a pointer to
char* getpass ( void )
{
static char password [ 10 ] ;
scanf ( " %9s
" , password ) ;
return password ;
}
However this makes the function non-thread - safe and non-renterant which limits its use , and as well as that you end up storing the password in memory for the permanent life of the program .
So as you can see it ’s impossible for even a good programmer to write a good getpass ( ) function that can be called by strcpy ( str , getpass ( “ Enter password : “ ) ) , let alone the beginners that this document is targeted at .
A bonus bug
Plus for bonus points , there ’s yet another sutble bug in this code .
It uses strcpy ( ) in an unsafe manner .
Even professional developers often slip up when using strcpy , generally professionals always want to use strlcpy as strcpy is almost never used correctly .
The reason it ’s bad is the following scenario , imagine getpass ( ) was changed to be the following :
char* getpass ( void )
{
static char password [ 100 ] ;
scanf ( " %99s
" , password ) ;
return password ;
}
What makes it unsafe is that strcpy does n’t know how many characters to copy , hence it just keeps copying from the source to the destination until it runs out of characters .
Now that getpass ( ) returns more than ten characters what happens ?
– if you ’re lucky the program will crash – if you ’re unlucky the person typing in the password can take over the program and bypass the password protection .
So What ?
Well hopefully the above has convinced you that if you ’re writing for beginners you should try to write examples that not only work , but also show good development practices .
Especially online where space is n’t as major a consideration as it is in books .
Tim Berners - Lee 's proposal
In March 1989 , Tim Berners - Lee submitted a proposal for an information management system to his boss , Mike Sendall .
‘ Vague , but exciting ’ , were the words that Sendall wrote on the proposal .
文字列
文字列を数値に変換す る
list_to_integer ( " 123 " ) . % 123 list_to_integer ( " - 10 " ) . % - 10
n進数の文字列を数値に変換する
u は指定した基数で変換、# は文字列が表現している基数で変換します。
io_lib : fread( " ~16u " , " 100 " ) . % {ok , [ 256 ] , []} io_lib : fread ( " ~ 2u " , " 100abc " ) . % {ok , [ 4 ] , [ abc ] } io_lib : fread ( " ~36u " , " 100 % % % " ) . % {ok , [ 1296 ] , " % % %"} io_lib : fread ( " ~ # " , " 16 # 100 " ) . % {ok , [ 256 ] , []} io_lib : fread ( " ~ # " , " 2 # 100 abc " ) . % {ok , [ 4 ] , [ abc ] } io_lib : fread ( " ~ # " , " 36 # 100 % % % " ). % {ok , [ 1296 ] , " %% % " }
部分文字列を取得す る
Latin- 1 の文字なら問題ないのですが、日本語は完全にバイト単位です。 次の例は UTF - 8 で実行した場合です。 なにかいいライブラリがあるといいのですが。
string : substr( " abcd " , 2 ) . % " bcd " string : substr ( " abcd " , 2 , 1 ) . % " b " string : substr ( " あいう " , 1 , 3 ) . % [ 227,129,130 ] string : substr ( " あいう " , 2 , 1 ) . % [ 129 ]
文字列の前方一致でパターンマッチングする
文字列の前方一致、プレフィックスでパターンマッチングが可能です。
1 > fun ( " Hello " ++ _ ) -> ok ; ( _ ) -> ng end ( " Hello World ! " ). ok 2 > fun ( " Hello " ++ _ ) -> ok ; ( _ ) -> ng end ( " Fello World ! " ) . ng 3 > fun ( [ $ H , $e , $l , $l , $o | _ ] ) -> ok ; ( _ ) -> ng end ( " Hello World ! " ) . ok
" Hello " ++ _ は [ $ H , $e , $l , $l , $o | _ ] と同じということです 。
なので、後方一致のパターンマッチングはできません。
文字列が文字列の中に含まれているか判定する
string : str/2 は頭から探し、string:rstr/2 は後から探します。 返り値は何文字目で見つかったかで、見つからない場合は
0 が返ります。 Erlang は 1 オリジンです。
1> string : str( " Hello element " , " el " ) . 2 2 > string : rstr( " Hello element " , " el " ) . 7 3 > string : rstr( " Hello element " , " xel " ) . 0
数値
数値 を16進数で表記
16#ff. % 255 16 # A1 . % 161
数値をn進数で表 記
2進数から36進数まで表記可能です。
2#101 . % 5 3#211. % 22 36 # zz . % 1295
数値を文字列に変換す る
integer_to_list ( 123 ) . % " 123 " integer_to_list ( - 123 ) . % " - 123 " integer_to_list ( 16#10 ) . % " 16 " integer_to_list ( 36#0z ) . % " 35 "
数値をn進数の文字列に変換する
io_lib:format( " ~.16 b " , [ 31 ] ) . % [ " 1f " ] io_lib: format ( " ~.36B~.2B " , [ 71 , 15 ] ) . % [ " 1Z " , " 1111 " ]
リスト
リストを連結す る
1> [ 1 , 2 ] ++ [ 3 , 4 ] . [ 1,2,3,4 ]
リストから要素を取り除く
1> [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 1 , 2 , 3 ] -- [ 3 , 2 , 1 , 2 ] . [ 1,3 ]
2 > [ X || X <- [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 1 , 2 , 3 ] , X /= 3 ] . [ 1,2,1,2 ] 3 > [ X || X <- [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 1 , 2 , 3 ] , X /= 3 , X /= 1 ] . [ 2,2 ]
リストの要素1つずつに対して処理を行う
lists : foreach / 2 はリストの要 素1つずつに処理を行い ok を返します。 lists : map/2 はリストの要素1つずつに処理を行った結果をリストにして返します。
2> lists : foreach ( fun ( N ) -> io:format( " ~p~n " , [ N ] ) end , [ 1, 2,3 ] ) .
1 2 3 ok 3 > lists : map ( fun ( N ) ->
N * N end , [ 1,2,3 ] ) . [ 1,4,9 ]
ドットリストを作 る
5 > [ 1 | [ 2 | [ ] ] ] . [ 1,2 ] 6 > [ 1 | [ 2|3 ] ] . [ 1,2|3 ] 7 > tl ( v( 6 ) ) . [ 2|3 ] 8 > tl ( v ( 7 ) ) .
3
タプル
タプルの要素数を取得する
リスト [ 1 , 2 ] は [ 1 | [ 2 | [ ] ] ] の構文糖です。 最後が [ ] になっていますが、それを [ ] 以外にすると Lisp でいうところのドットリストになります。
erlang : size/1 でタプルの要素数を取得できます。
size ( {a , b} ) . % 2 size ( {} ) . % 0 size ( {{} , { 1 , { 1 , 2}}} ) . % 2
タプルの要素を取得す る
erlang : element/2 でタプルの要素を取得できます。
どの要素を取得するかは第1引数の1から始まるインデックスで指定します。
範囲外のインデックスを指定した場合は badarg ランタイムエラーが発生します。
element ( 1 , {a , b , c} ) . % a element ( 2 , {a , b , c} ) . % b
タプルに要素を追加す る
4 > erlang : append_element ( {a , b} , c ) . {a , b,c}
タプルに値を設定す る
5 > setelement ( 2 , {a , b , c} , two ) .
{ a , two,c}
ディクショナ リ
dict モジュー ル
Erlang には組み込みではディクショナリやハッシュといったデータ型はありませんが、
STDLIB に dict というモジュールがあります 。
Erlang は単一代入なので、値を入れるたびに変数をかえてやる必要があります。
D1 = dict :new ( ) . % 作成 D2 = D1 : store ( key1 , value1 ) .
% キーと値のペアを入れる D3 = D2 : store ( {key2 , key2} , [ value2 , value2 ] ) .
% キーも値も任意の方を使える D4 = D3 : append ( {key2 , key2} , value3 ) . % append で値を追加 D4 : find ( key1 ) . % {ok , value1} D4 : find ( xxxx ) . % error が返る D4 : fetch ( {key2 , key2} ) . % [ value2 , value2 , value3 ]
D4 : fetch ( {key2 , xxxx} ) . % ランタイムエラー（function_clause）が発生 D4 : to_list ( ) .
% リストに変換（[ {key1 , value1} , {{key2 , key2} , [value2 , value2 , value3 ] } ] ）
バイナリ
文字列リテラルをバイナリで表記する
任意の文字列リテラルをバイナリとして表記できます。
1> << " Hello Bin . " >>. << " Hello Bin . " >>
2 > << " Hello あいう . " >>. << " Hello \343\201\202\343\201\204\343\201\206 . " >>.
<< 72,101,108,108,111,32,227,129,130,227,129,132,227,129,134,46 >>
バイナリのパターンマッチング
リストやタプルと同様にバイナリでもパターンマッチングが可能です。
IPTuple = { 192 , 168 , 1 , 1} , { A , B , C , D } = IPTuple , << IPDecimal :32 >> = << A :8 , B :8 , C :8 , D :8 >>.
関数
" fun モジュール名 : 関数名/引数の数 " で関数を参 照
" fun モジュール名 : 関数名/引数の数 " で関数を参照できます 。
1 > fun erlang:tuple_to_list /1. # Fun < erlang.tuple_to_list.1>
2 > fun erlang: tuple_to_list /1( {a , b} ) . [ a , b ] 3 > lists : map ( fun erlang : tuple_to_list /1 , [ {a , b} , {a} , { } ] ) . [ [ a , b ] , [a ] , [ ] ]
日付と時 刻
日付と時刻の取得す る
日付と時刻の取得に関しては次のような BIF があります。 また、この他に calendar モジュールがあります 。
1 > date ( ) . % ローカル日付 {年 , 月 , 日} { 2007,5,28} 2 > erlang:localtime ( ) .
% ローカル日時 {{年 , 月 , 日} , {時 , 分 , 秒}} { {2007,5,28} , {6,46,28}} 3 > erlang:localtime_to_universaltime ( v( - 1 ) ) .
% ローカル日時を UCS に変換 {{2007,5,27} , {21,46,28}} 4 > now ( ) .
% { MegaSecs , Secs , MicroSecs} 1970/1/1からの経過 { 1180,302477,518328} 5 > time ( ) . % ローカル時刻 {時 , 分 , 秒} { 6,50,30} 6 > erlang: universaltime( ) .
% UTC 日時 {{年 , 月 , 日} , {時 , 分 , 秒}} { {2007,5,27} , {21,51,6}} 7 > erlang:universaltime_to_localtime ( v( - 1 ) ) .
% UTC 日時をローカルに変 換 { {2007,5,28} , {6,51,6}}
曜日を取得す る
calendar:day_of_the_week の返り値は 1 が月曜、7 が日曜日です。
2 > calendar:day_of_the_week({2007,6,1} ) . 5 3 > calendar:day_of_the_week(2007,6,3 ) . 7
エラー処理を行 う
Erlang にも try catch があります。 catch は 例外クラス : 例外パターン となり、 例外クラスには次 の3つがあります 。
error ランタイムエラー。erlang : error / 1,2 または erlang : fault /1,2によって発生する。 exit exit/ 1 が呼ばれた場合に発生する。 throw throw / 1 が呼ばれた場合に発生する 。
8 > try ( 1 + a ) catch _ : Reason -> io :format( " 1 + a is failed , reason : ~p~n " , [ Reason ] ) end .
1 + a is failed , reason : badarith ok 9 > try ( 1 + a ) catch error : Reason -> io :format( " 1 + a is failed , reason : ~p~n " , [ Reason ] ) end .
1 + a is failed , reason : badarith ok 10 > try ( 1 + a ) catch throw : Reason -> io :format( " 1 + a is failed , reason : ~p~n " , [ Reason ] ) end .
= ERROR REPORT ==== 30 - Apr -2007::07:49:40 === Error in process < 0.222.0 > on node ' emacs@localhost ' with exit value : { badarith , [ {erl_eval , expr, 3} ] } ** exited : { badarith , [ {erl_eval , expr,3} ] } **
ファイル
ファイルの内容を一括でバイナリとして取得します。
get_file_contents ( File ) -> {ok , Binary } = file : read_file ( File ) , Binary .
ファイルの内容を一括で文字列として取得します。
get_file_contents ( File ) -> {ok , Binary } = file : read_file ( File ) , binary_to_list ( Binary ) .
一行ずつ読み込 む
print_with_line ( File ) -> {ok , IoDevice } = file : open ( File , read ) , print_with_line ( IoDevice , 1 ) , file : close ( IoDevice ) .
print_with_line ( IoDevice , LineNumber ) -> case io : get_line ( IoDevice , " " ) of eof -> ok ; Line -> io:format ( " ~b ~s " , [ LineNumber , Line ] ) , print_with_line ( IoDevice , LineNumber + 1 ) end .
ファイル情報を取得す る
file : read_file_info( FileName ) で file_info レコードを取得できます 。
% file_info レコードをインクルード - include_lib ( " kernel / include /file.hrl " ) . % ファイル情報取得 {ok , FileInfo } = file:read_file_info( FileName ) .
FileInfo # file_info .size . % ファイルサイズ FileInfo # file_info . type . % device | directory | regular | other FileInfo # file_info .access .
% read | write | read_write | none FileInfo # file_info .atime . % 最終アクセス時間 FileInfo # file_info . mtime . % 最終更新時間 FileInfo # file_info .ctime . % 作成日時 FileInfo # file_info .mode . % 8 # 00400 のようなファイルパーミッション FileInfo # file_info . links . % このファイルへのリンク数。 FileInfo # file_info .major_device . % 0 : Aドライブ , 1 : Bドライブ FileInfo # file_info .minor_device . %
Unix のキャラクタデバイスでのみ有効 FileInfo # file_info .inode . % inode 番号 FileInfo # file_info .uid. % 所有者のユーザID FileInfo # file_info .gid. % 所有者のグループID
リンクかどうか判定す る
あるファイルがリンクかどうか判定するには file : read_link ( Name ) または file : read_link_info( Name ) を使用します 。
1> file : read_link ( " / cdrom " ) . {ok , " media/cdrom " } 2 > file : read_link ( " /usr " ) . {error , einval} 3 > file:read_link_info( " / cdrom " ) . {ok , {file_info , 11 , symlink , read , { {2007,4,6} , {5,38,13}} , {{2005,1,9} , {21,20,27}} , {{2005,1,9} , {21,20,27}} , 41471 , 1 , 2051 , 0 , 12 , 0 , 0}} 4 > file:read_link_info( " /usr " ) . {ok , {file_info,4096 , directory , read , { {2007,4,5} , {6,4,23}} , {{2005,11,9} , {21,16,44}} , {{2005,11,9} , {21,16,44}} , 16877 , 14 , 2051 , 0 , 12500993 , 0 , 0}}
パスがファイルかディレクトリか判定する
filelib : is_dir でディレクトリなら true。 filelib : is_file でディレクトリまたはファイルなら true。 filelib : is_regular でファイルなら true 。
4 > filelib:is_dir( " / etc/yaws " ) . true 5 > filelib:is_dir( " /etc/yaws/yaws.conf " ) . false 6 > filelib:is_file ( " / etc/yaws " ) . true 7 > filelib:is_file ( " /etc/yaws/yaws.conf " ) . true 8 > filelib: is_regular( " / etc/yaws " ) . false 9 > filelib:is_regular ( " /etc/yaws/yaws.conf " ) . true
ファイルをコピーす る
1> file : list_dir( " /tmp / bano " ) . {ok , [ " a.txt " ] } 2 > file : copy ( " /tmp/bano/a.txt " , " /tmp/bano/b.txt " ) . {ok , 1} 3 > file : list_dir( " /tmp / bano " ) . {ok , [ " a.txt " , " b.txt " ]}
ファイルのリネー ム
1> file : list_dir( " /tmp/bino " ) . {ok , [ " a.txt " ] } 2 > file : rename ( " /tmp/bino/a.txt " , " /tmp/bino/b.txt " ) . ok 3 > file : list_dir ( " /tmp /bino " ) . {ok , [ " b.txt " ]}
ファイルの改行コードを変更する
/ tmp/a.txt の改行コード
を、\r
に変更し て /tmp/aa.txt に出力します。
{ok , Bin } = file : read_file ( " /tmp/a.txt " ) , Str = binary_to_list ( Bin ) , {ok , NewStr , RepCount } = regexp : gsub ( Str , "
" , " \r
" ) , file : write_file ( " /tmp/aa.txt " , list_to_binary ( NewStr ) ) . % % 一行で書いてみると、こうなります。 % % 変数を使わない分、element でタプルから目的の値を取り出す必要があります。 file : write_file ( " /tmp/aa.txt " , list_to_binary ( element ( 2 , regexp : gsub ( binary_to_list ( element ( 2 , file : read_file ( " /tmp/a.txt " ) ) ) , "
" , " \r
" ) ) ) ) .
現在のディレクトリ（current working directory ）を取得・設定する
file : get_cwd/0 , file : set_cwd/1 で取得・設定します。 Windows の場合は file : get_cwd ( " C : " ) のようにドライブごとのワーキングディレクトリを取得することもできます。
7 > file : get_cwd ( ) .
{ok , " /home/ancient/public_html/erlang " } 8 > file : set_cwd ( " /tmp " ). ok 9 > file : get_cwd ( ) .
{ok , " /tmp " }
絶対パスを取得す る
filename : absname/1 は現在のディレクトリを基準に絶対パスを返します。 filename:absname/2 は基準となるディレクトリを第2引数に指定します。
1> file : get_cwd ( ) .
{ok , " /tmp " } 2 > filename : absname ( " a.txt " ) . " /tmp/a.txt " 3 > filename : absname ( " a.txt " , " / var " ) . " /var/a.txt "
標準入出 力
io モジュールでは 、IoDevice 引数を省略、または standard_io を指定することで標準入出力を使用できます 。
1> io :get_line ( " ? " ) . " ? " hello .
" hello .
" 2 > io:get_line(standard_io , '? ' ) . ? worlde .
" worlde .
" 3 > io : fwrite ( " hello
" ). hello ok 4 > io : fwrite ( standard_io , " hello
" , [ ] ) .
hello ok
file モジュールでは erlang : group_leader/0 の返り値を IoDevice に指定することで標準入出力を使用できます。
全ての IO はグループリーダー経由で行われるため、標準入出力 = グループリーダーとなるのです 。
#!/usr/bin/env escript main ( _ ) -> loop ( file : read ( group_leader ( ) , 1 ) ) . loop ( eof ) -> ok ; loop ( {ok , Data } ) -> file : write ( group_leader ( ) , Data ) , loop ( file : read ( group_leader ( ) , 1 ) ) .
実行例 。C-d で終了します 。
~ % cd ~/public_html/erlang/sample ~/public_html/erlang/sample % chmod +x standard_io.erl ~/public_html/erlang/sample % ./standard_io.erl Hello ?
Hello ?
あいう あいう
filelib : fold_files/5 という関数があります。 1番目の引数がディレクトリ。 2番目が処理対象か否かを判定するための正規表現。
3番目がサブディレクトリも再帰的に処理するか否か。
4番目が各ファイルに適用する関数。 5番目が初期値。 4番目の引数である関数は引数を2つとります。最初の引数は処理対象のファイル。次は最初は5番目に指定した引数で、それ以降はこの関数の返り値です。
サフィックスが erl のファイルをリストにして取得するには次のように書きます。
> 1 filelib:fold_files ( " /home/ancient/letter/erlang " , " \\.erl$ " , true , fun( X , Acc ) -> [ X|Acc ] end , [ ] ) . [ " /home/ancient/letter/erlang/a/fib.erl " , " /home/ancient/letter/erlang/chat / _darcs / pristine / chat.erl " , " /home/ ancient/letter/erlang/chat / _darcs / pristine/test_chat.erl " , " /home/ancient/letter/erlang/chat/chat.erl " , [... ] |...]
ワイルドカード指定でファイルリストを取得する
filelib : wildcard/1 を使います。?（任意の1文字）、*（任意の文字列）、{Item,..}（いずれかに一致）をワイルドカードとして使用できます。
1> filelib : wildcard ( " /us?/*/lib{GL,Xa*}.so " ) . [ " /usr/lib/libGL.so " , " /usr/lib/libXau.so " , " /usr/lib/libXaw.so " , " /usr/lib/libXaw3d.so " , " /usr/lib/libXaw7.so " ]
Web
Web ページを取得す る
まずはじめに inets : start ( ) を呼び出しておく必要があります。
1> inets:start ( ) .
2 > {ok , { Status , Header , Body }} = http:request ( " http://www.google.co.jp " ) .
HTML エスケープを行 う
Yaws の API があります 。
1> yaws_api:htmlize ( " < br > & " ) . " < br > & "
ネットワー ク
サービス名からポート番号を取得する
inet:getservbyname/2 を使用します。サービス名はアトムで指定する必要があります。文字列で指定した場合はエラーになってしまいます。
25 > inet:getservbyname( telnet , tcp ) . { ok , 23 } 26 > inet:getservbyname( echo , udp ) .
{ok,7}
FTP でファイルをアップロードす る
make から手軽に呼べるので escript で作成します。 < div class= " file- name " >upload.es</div >
#!/usr/bin/env escript main ( _ ) -> inets:start( ) , {ok , Pid } = inets : start ( ftpc , [ {host , " ftp.example.com " } ] ) , ftp:user ( Pid , " user " , " password " ) , ftp:cd ( Pid , " /public_html/erlang " ) , lists : foreach ( fun ( File ) -> ftp:send ( Pid , File ) end , [ " cookbook.html " , " cookbook.css " , " index.html " ] ) , inets : stop ( ftpc , Pid ) .
コンカレントプログラミング
プロセスを生成す る
spawn でプロセスを生成します。返り値は pid( ) です。
spawn ( Fun ) . spawn ( Node , Fun ) . spawn ( Module , Function , Args ) . spawn ( Node , Module , Function , Args ) .
メッセージを送信す る
Pid（プロセ スID）または登録名に !
を使用してメッセージを送信します。
Pid !
Message .
registered_name !
Message .
メッセージを受信す る
receive でメッセージを受信します 。
receive Message ->
Message end .
タイムアウトを指定してメッセージを受信する
receive で after を使います。タイムアウトはミリ秒で指定します。 タイムアウ ト
に0を指定した場合は、メッセージがなければ即時タイムアウトします。
receive Message ->
Message after 1000 -> no_message end .
プロセスを登録す る
プロセスを登録することにより 、Pid を知らなくても、登録時の名前を指定し
てそのプロセスにメッセージを送信することができます。
register ( foo , spawn ( fun ( ) -> receive { Client , Message } ->
Client !
Message end end ) ) . foo !
{ self ( ) , " Hello foo . " }. receive M -> M end .
プロセスをリンクす る
あるプロセスでエラーが発生した場合、 リンクされている全てのプロセスが終了します。
リンクされていないプロセスは無関係に処理を継続します。
spawn_link でリンクしたプロセスを開始できます。
次の例では start_without_link はリンクをしていないため、 エラーを発生させても spawn したプロセスは処理を継続します。 start_with_link はリンクをしているため、 エラーを発生させると spawn_link したプロセスも停止します 。
- module ( sample. link ) .
- compile ( export_all ) .
start_without_link ( ) -> % % リンクしない spawn (? MODULE , loop , [ 10 ] ) , .timer:sleep(3000 ) , .io:format( " Let 's stop ! ~n " ) , .erlang : error ( stop ) .
start_with_link ( ) -> % % リンクする spawn_link (? MODULE , loop , [ 10 ] ) , .timer:sleep(3000 ) , .io:format( " Let 's stop ! ~n " ) , .erlang : error ( stop ) .
loop ( 0 ) -> ok ; loop ( N ) -> .io:format( " hello~n " ) , .timer:sleep ( 1000 ) , loop ( N - 1 ) .
プロセスをグルーピングする
pg2 モジュールでプロセスをグルーピング化できます。
プロセスが終了した場合、そのプロセスは自動的にグループから削除されます。
- module ( process_group ) .
- compile ( export_all ) .
start ( ) -> pg2:create ( group ) , % グループ作成 erlang : display ( pg2:which_groups ( ) ) , % グループリストを取得 Pid1 = spawn ( fun p/0 ) , pg2 : join( group , Pid1 ) , % グループ参加 Pid2 = spawn ( fun p/0 ) , pg2 : join( group , Pid2 ) , % グループに参加 Pid3 = spawn ( fun p/0 ) , pg2:join( group , Pid3 ) , % グループに参加 erlang : display ( pg2:get_members ( group ) ) , % グループメンバを取得 pg2:leave ( group , Pid1 ) , % グループから抜ける erlang : display ( pg2:get_members ( group ) ) , % グループメンバを取 得 Pid2 ! error , % エラー終了 timer: sleep ( 100 ) , erlang : display ( pg2:get_members ( group ) ) , % グループメンバを取 得 Pid3 ! finish , % 普通に終了 timer: sleep ( 100 ) , erlang : display ( pg2:get_members ( group ) ) , % グループメンバを取得 pg2:delete( group ) , % グループ削除 erlang : display ( pg2:which_groups ( ) ) .
% グループリストを取得 p ( ) -> receive error -> 1 + a ; finish -> ok end .
実行結果
6 > process_group : start ( ) . [ group ] [ < 0.65.0 >,< 0.64.0 >,< 0.63.0 > ] [ < 0.65.0 >,< 0.64.0 >] = ERROR REPORT ==== 5 - May -2007::16:58:31 ===
Error in process < 0.64.0 > on node ' emacs@localhost ' with exit value : { badarith , [{process_group , p,0} ] } [ < 0.65.0 > ] [ ] [ ] true
ローカルノードのプロセスだけ返す pg2:get_local_members/1 や、ローカルノードのプロセスがあればそれ、なければリモートノードのプロセスを返す pg2:get_closest_pid/1 等もあります。
プロセスを監視す る
Erlang では通信相手のプロセスが停止していても !
と receive は失敗しません（登録名で receive を行う場合で、 登録名のプロセスが存在しない場合はエラーになります）。 通信相手のプロセスが停止していないかどうか検知するには erlang : monitor / 2 を使います。
1番目の引数は process 固定です。 2 番目の引数はプロセ スID、登録名、{登録名 , ノード名} のいずれかです。 返り値はリファレンスです 。
2番目の引数で指定したプロセスが停止していた場合、次のメッセージを受信します。
{ ' DOWN ' , monitorの返り値と同一のリファレンス , process , monitor の2番目の引数 , プロセスダウン理由}
2番目の要素に monitor の返り値と同一のリファレンスが設定されるのど、 通常それを receive のパターンマッチングに使用します 。
- module ( monitor_sample ) .
- compile ( export_all ) .
start ( ) ->
Pid = spawn ( fun loop / 0 ) , Ref = erlang : monitor ( process , Pid ) , % 監視を開始す る RevFun = fun ( Ref ) -> receive { ' DOWN ' , Ref , process , Pid , Reason } -> io :format( " process is down , reason : ~ p.~n " , [ Reason ] ) ; Any -> io:format( " ~p~n " , [ Any ] ) after 1000 -> io:format( " timeout .~n " ) end end , Pid !
{ self ( ) , " Noko " } , RevFun ( Ref ) , % ここでは Down していな い
Pid !
{ self ( ) , " Quit " } , % Pid が終了 RevFun ( Ref ) , % ここでは Down してい る Pid !
{ self ( ) , " Hitsuji " } , RevFun ( Ref ) , % ここではタイムアウ ト
Pid !
{ self ( ) , " Hitsuji " } , Ref2 = erlang : monitor ( process , Pid ) , % 再度監視を開始す る RevFun ( Ref2 ) . % ここでも Down している loop ( ) -> % サーバプロセスループ receive { _ Pid , " Quit " } -> ok ; { Pid , Any } ->
Pid !
" Hi , " ++ Any , loop ( ) end .
実行例
3 > monitor_sample : start ( ) .
" Hi , Noko " process is down , reason : normal .
timeout .
process is down , reason : noproc . ok
ポートスキャ ン
私の環境では50プロセスぐらいがちょうどいいみたいです。
1プロセスだと約19秒。 2プロセスだと約13秒。 50 プロセスだと約8秒。 1000 プロセスだと 約10秒 。 10000 プロセスだと 約60秒。
- module ( port_scan ) .
- compile ( export_all ) .
m ( ProcCount ) -> timer:tc(?
MODULE , main , [ ProcCount ] ) . main ( ProcCount ) -> lists : foreach ( fun ( _ ) -> spawn (? MODULE , client , [ self ( ) ] ) end , lists : seq ( 1 , ProcCount ) ) , init ( ) . init ( ) -> loop ( lists : seq ( 1 , 16 # ffff ) ) .
loop ( [ H | T ] ) -> receive {get , C } -> C ! H , loop ( T ) end ; loop ( [ ] ) -> io:format( " finish !~n " ) . client ( Server ) ->
Server !
{ get , self ( ) } , receive Port -> scan ( Port ) , client ( Server ) after 1000 -> ok end .
scan ( Port ) -> case gen_tcp : connect ( " localhost " , Port , [ ] ) of {ok , Socket } -> gen_tcp:close ( Socket ) , io : format ( " ~b~n " , [ Port ] ) ; _ -> ok end .
分散プログラミン グ
分散ノードを開始す る
分散ノードを開始するには - name か - sname オプションでノード名を指定して erl を実行します。 または、net_kernel : start を使用します 。
ancient@vmubu : ~ % erl - name ubu@172.22.10.22 Erlang ( BEAM ) emulator version 5.5.4 [ source ] [ async - threads :0 ] [ hipe ] [ kernel - poll: false ] Eshell V5 .5.4 ( abort with ^ G ) ( ubu@172.22.10.22 )1>
1> net_kernel:start ( [ 'master@172.22.10.15 ' , longnames ] ) .
{ok , < 0.32.0>} ( master@172.22.10.15 )2 >
分散ノードを停止す る
net_kernel:stop ( ) .
分散ノードへの ping
net_adm : ping で分散ノードの接続確認ができます。 接続できたときは pong、接続失敗時は pang が返ってきます 。
net_adm:ping ( 'ubu@172.22.10.22 ' ) .
RPC
rpc:call で分散ノードの任意の関数を実行することができます。
引数は ノード , モジュール , 関数 , 引数 です 。
( master@172.22.10.15 ) 78 > rpc:call ( 'ubu@172.22.10.22 ' , file , list_dir , [ " /usr " ] ) . {ok , [ " src " , " share " , " sbin " , " local " , " lib " , " include " , " games " , " bin " , " X11R6 " ]}
リモートノードへのモジュールロード
リモートノードへローカルでロードしたモジュールをロードさせることができます。
ローカルでモジュールのオブジェクトコードを取得し、それを
RPC でリモートノードにロードします。
( cho@ Macintosh ) 37 > { Module , Binary , Filename } = code:get_object_code( todo ) .
{todo , <<70,79,82,49,0,0,16,144,66,69,65,77,65,116,111,109,0,0,3,102,0,0,0,82,4 , 116,111 , ... >> , " / Users/ancient/letter/tex/erlang/sample/mnesia/todo.beam " } ( cho@ Macintosh ) 38 > rpc:call ( ' babi@localhost ' , code , load_binary , [ Module , Filename , Binary ] ) .
{module , todo}
Yaws
動的なページを作成す る
ファイル名の拡張子を yaws にします。 < erl > タグの間に out ( Arg ) 関数を定義します。 f とい関数を io_lib : format のかわり使用できます 。
< html > < head > < meta http-equiv= " Content - Type " content= " text / html ; charset=UTF - 8 " > < title > 最初のページ </ title > </head > < body > < h1 > 最初のページ </h1 > < erl > out ( Arg ) ->
{ {Y , M , D} , { H , Mi , S}} = erlang: localtime ( ) , {html , f( " 今は~b年~b月~b日~b時~b分~b秒です。 " , [ Y , M , D , H , Mi , S ] ) } .
</erl > </ body > </html >
セッションデータを使 う
yaws_api:find_cookie_val/2 でクッキーセッションを取得し、 yaws_api:cookieval_to_opaque/1 でセッションに保存したデータを取得します。
セッションデータを書きかえるには yaws_api:replace_cookie_session/2 を使用します。
クッキーセッションの新規作成は yaws_api:new_cookie_session/1 で引数はセッションデータです。
クッキーセッションを新規作成した場合は、yaws_api:setcookie/3 でクッキーを設定する HTTP ヘッダの作成し、それをレスポンスの html と一緒にリストにして返す必要があります 。
- define ( myopaque , {aaa , bbb} ) .
out ( Arg ) -> { Myopaque , NewHeader } = get_session_data( Arg ) , case NewHeader of undefined -> {html , " contents " } ; _ -> [ {html , " contents " } , NewHeader ] end . % % 受信プロセスIDを取得します。 get_session_data ( Arg ) ->
H = Arg # arg .headers , C = H # headers .cookie , case yaws_api:find_cookie_val ( " COOKIE_KEY " , C ) of [ ] -> % クッキーセッションなし Myopaque = # myopaque {aaa=init , bbb=init} , Cookie = yaws_api:new_cookie_session ( Myopaque ) , NewHeader = yaws_api:setcookie( " COOKIE_KEY " , Cookie , " / " ) , { Myopaque , NewHeader } ; Cookie -> % クッキーセッションあり case yaws_api:cookieval_to_opaque ( Cookie ) of {ok , Myopaque } -> { Myopaque , undefined} end end .
外界とのつなが り
os : cmd/1 を使います。引数は文字列か、アトムです。
1> io :format( " ~s " , [ os :cmd ( pwd ) ] ) .
/home/abc/public_html/erlang ok 2 > io :format( " ~s " , [ os : cmd ( " dir " ) ] ) .
ドライブ C のボリューム ラベルは IBM_PRELOAD です ボリューム シリアル番号 は
68F0 - 7B18 です c:\home\abc\public_html\erlang のディレクト リ 2007/05/18 17:25 < DIR > .
2007/05/18 17:25 < DIR > ..
2007/05/18 17:34 33,564 cookbook.html
2007/05/18 17:17 33,281 cookbook.html ~
2007/05/18 17:08 441 erlang.css
2007/05/18 17:08 130 index.html
2007/05/18 17:08 34 Makefile
2007/05/18 17:08 < DIR > sample
2007/05/18 17:08 309 upload.es
2007/05/18 17:08 < DIR > _darcs 6 個のファイル 67,759 バイト 4 個のディレクト リ 4,458,496,000 バイトの空き領域 ok
環境変数を取得す る
引数がない場合全ての環境変数を返します。
6 > os : getenv( " SHELL " ) . " zsh " 7 > os: getenv( ) .
[ " windir=C:\\WINDOWS " , " VS80COMNTOOLS=C:\\ Program Files\\Microsoft Visual Studio 8\ \Common7 \\Tools\\ " , [... ] |...]
環境変数を設定す る
8 > os : getenv( " ENVVV " ) . false 9 > os : putenv( " ENVVV " , " HELLO " ) . true 10 > os : getenv( " ENVVV " ) .
" HELLO "
メタ
Beam ファイルのパスを取得す る
code : which / 1 にモジュール（atom）を渡せばそのモジュールの
Beam ファイルのパスを取得できます。ただし、プレロードされているモジュールは preloaded 、カバレジコンパイルされているモジュールは cover_compiled が返されます。存在しないモジュールの場合は non_existing が返されます 。
1> code : which ( io ) .
" /usr/lib/erlang/lib/stdlib-1.14.4/ebin/io.beam " 2 > code : which ( erlang ) .
preloaded 3 > code: which ( no_such_module ) .
non_existing 4 > c( " / tmp /a " , [ {outdir , " / tmp / " } ] ) . {ok , a} 5 > code : which ( a ) .
" /tmp/a.beam " 6 > cover:compile ( " /tmp/a.erl " ) . {ok , a} 7 > code : which (a ) .
cover_compiled
Beam ファイルからソースコードを取得（再構築）する
1> { _Module , Beam , _ File } = code:get_object_code(base64 ) , 1 > {ok , { _ , [ {abstract_code , { _ , AC }} ] }} = beam_lib : chunks ( Beam , [ abstract_code ] ) , 1 > io : fwrite ( " ~s~n " , [ erl_prettypr:format(erl_syntax:form_list ( AC ) ) ] ) .
- file ( " ./base64.erl " , 1 ) . - module ( base64 ) .
- export ( [ encode / 1 , decode / 1 , mime_decode/1 , encode_to_string/1 , decode_to_string/1 , mime_decode_to_string/1 ] ) .
encode_to_string ( Bin ) when is_binary ( Bin ) -> encode_to_string ( binary_to_list ( Bin ) ) ; encode_to_string ( List ) when is_list ( List ) -> encode_l( List ) . （以下略 ）
文字列をコンパイルす る
文字列で作ったモジュール（ソース）をコンパイルする方法です。
erl_scan : tokens で 1文ずつスキャン。
erl_parse : parse_form で 1文ずつパース。
compile : forms でモジュール単位でコンパイル。
code:load_binary でコンパイルしたものをロード。
改行コード は
にしておかないとだめです。
- module ( compile_string ) .
- export ( [ compile / 1 , test /0 ] ) .
compile ( SrcString ) ->
Forms = mk_forms ( lists : flatten ( SrcString ) ) , % % コンパイルする {ok , M , B } = compile : forms ( Forms ) , % % コンパイルしたものをロードする {module , M } = code:load_binary ( M , atom_to_list ( M ) , B ) , M . mk_forms ( String ) -> mk_forms ( String , [ ] ) .
mk_forms ( [ ] , Acc ) -> lists : reverse( Acc ) ; mk_forms ( S , Acc ) -> %%
1 文（ピリオドまで）をスキャン {done , {ok , Tokens , _ Line } , Rest } = erl_scan : tokens ( [ ] , S , 0 ) , % % パースする {ok , Parsed } = erl_parse : parse_form ( Tokens ) , mk_forms ( Rest , [ Parsed | Acc ] ) . % % テスト関数 test ( ) -> %% ソース S = " - module ( fib ) . - export ( [ fib / 1 ] ) . fib ( 1 ) -> 1 ; fib ( 2 ) -> 1 ; fib ( N ) -> fib ( N - 1 ) + fib( N - 2 ) . " , % % 文字列をコンパイル compile( S ) , % % コンパイルしたモジュールの関数を呼び出す fib:fib( 10 ) .
関数情報を取得す る
erlang : fun_info/1 で関数の情報を取得できます。
1> erlang : fun_info( fun erlang : display /1 ) .
[ {module , erlang} , {name , display} , {arity , 1} , {env , [ ]} , {type , external} ] 2 > fun ( ) ->
X = 1 , Y = fun ( Y ) ->
X + Y end , erlang : fun_info( Y ) end ( ) . [ {pid,<0.59.0>} , {module , erl_eval} , {new_index , 2} , {new_uniq , <<146,128,248,136,99,188,48,7,216,172,210,56,139,244,145,225 >>} , {index , 6} , {uniq,72228031} , {name , ' - expr /5 - fun - 2-' } , {arity , 1} , {env , [ [ { ' X ' , 1} ] , none , {eval , # Fun < shell .21.66499203>} , [ {clause , 1 , [ {var , 1 , ' Y ' } ] , [ ] , [ {op , 1 , '+ ' , {var , 1 , ' X ' } , {var , 1 , ' Y ' }} ] } ] ]} , { type , local} ]
取得できる情報は次のとおりです。
pid 関数を作成したプロセ スID 。ローカル関数のみ。 module モジュール名。 new_index モジュールの関数テーブルのインデックス。ローカル関数のみ。 new_uniq 関数のユニーク値（バイナリ）。ローカル関数のみ。 index モジュールの関数テーブルのインデックス。ローカル関数のみ。 uniq 関数のユニーク値（整数）。ローカル関数のみ。 name 関数名。 arity 引数の個数 env 関数の環境。ローカル関数のみ。 type ローカル関数の場合は local、外部関数の場合は external 。
DB
ODBC 接続
多くの場合オプションに {scrollable_cursors , off} を指定しないとエラーになります。 connect する都度 odbcserver .exe が起動され disconnect しないとそのプロセスが残ります 。
{ok , Ora } = odbc:connect ( " DSN=bino ; UID=hr ; PWD=password ; " , [ {scrollable_cursors , off} ] ) , {selected , _ , [{ Aiu }]} = odbc:sql_query (
Ora , " select ' あいう ' from dual " ) , io : format ( " ~s~n " , [ Aiu ] ) , odbc:disconnect ( Ora ) .
色々
関数の実行時間を計測する
シェルの time コマンドのように実行時間を計測するには timer :tc を使用します。 返り値は {実行時間（マイクロ秒） , 関数の返り値} です 。
5 > timer : tc ( fib , fib , [ 1 ] ) .
{ 3,1} 6 > timer : tc ( fib , fib , [ 40 ] ) .
{ 8957808,102334155}
Posted on July 25 , 2007 in Videos
“ Little did I know , Mr. Rogers was an evil man .
By telling children they ’re special just for being who they are , he helped create this generation of worthless , lazy socialists who think they ’re entitled to rewards without working … at least according to Fox News .
Watch the video .
The Fox News anchors are completely serious when they attribute the differences in academic performance between Asian and American kids to the fact that Asian children did n’t grow up with Mr. Rogers telling them they were unique and special .
It ’s not that we have a failing education system or that parents are n’t instilling the proper work ethic in their children .
American children under perform because Mr. Rogers taught them to expect everything in life to be handed to them on a silver platter .
They actually use the word “ evil ” to describe Mr. Rogers and criticize him for his “ optimistic message . ”
Then one of them starts babbling about how children should go back to churning butter and making their own sweaters .
I did n’t make it all the way to the end , but I would n’t be surprised if they blamed him for 9/11 . ”
Spoofs & Satire Apr 21 , 2006 Do You Have Hipsters ?
You ’ve seen the warning signs — now ’s the time to do something about it .
A step - by - step guide on how to rid yourself of a hipster infestation .
Credit : Richard Masoner
Have you recently found yourself asking any of the following questions ?
Whose fixed - gear bicycle is that in my garage ?
Where do I keep misplacing the charger for my iPod Nano ?
Why are there vast amounts of food mysteriously not missing from my pantry and refrigerator each week ?
Yes ?
Then , chances are , you ’ve got hipsters .
Hipster infestations have become commonplace in modern times .
One day , life seems completely normal .
The next , you ’ve got an anorexic in a train - conductor hat scurrying across your kitchen in the middle of dinner .
This , understandably , can be a pretty disconcerting sight .
Not to worry , though .
While hipsters can really slaughter a nice mood , they are otherwise harmless and probably just as frightened of you as you are of them .
Still , they are a nuisance , of course , and need to be treated as such .
Following are suggested measures to pinpoint the location of hipsters in your home , coax them out from their hiding places , and capture and return them to their natural habitats .
Zeroing in on Your Hipsters
An effective way to start your search is by identifying all the nooks and crannies wherein hipsters may hide .
Most commonly these include the crack between the wall and the fridge , underneath French baguettes , behind their iPod Nanos , and between the pages of Charles Bukowski books .
These are all great places to begin looking .
( Note : If you are feeling brave , demand that someone justify Bukowski ’s literary merit .
Frequently this will prompt the hipsters to emerge , incredulous , indignant , and sometimes crying . )
Maybe they ’re sitting in your living room brooding , or writing in a journal , or looking uncomfortable and ostracized .
Also , hipsters prefer dank , dimly lit areas , should you have any in your abode .
These provide ideal quarters for them to set up makeshift darkrooms in which they can develop the countless photographs they ’ve taken with their vintage cameras .
Usually , these are pictures of idled trains , abandoned bus depots , or of themselves ( for their MySpace profiles ) .
Finally , keep a sharp eye on dressers and closets .
Hipsters love tight clothing , usually on the darker , more weathered side .
Have any pairs of your 14 - year - old daughter ’s jeans suddenly gone missing ?
What about her nail polish kit ?
For many , this suggestion sparks additional fears :
If hipsters are ransacking my daughter ’s closet , how do I know they wo n’t cause her any undue additional ( i.e. , sexual ) harm ?
Parents should rest easier knowing that most hipsters are either asexual or bi-curious .
That being said , it would be a good idea to keep an eye on your son , too .
Capturing Your Hipsters
You ’ve located where your hipsters are camped out — now comes the hard part .
Hipsters are freakishly antisocial ; some argue it is genetic .
This trait becomes especially magnified in unfamiliar or non-hip environments .
So , the last thing you want to do is alienate hipsters further from society than they ’ve already alienated themselves .
Here are a few things you must understand before attempting to communicate with hipsters :
Hipsters know more about music than you do .
Hipsters know more about clothing than you do .
Hipsters know more about Charles Bukowski than you do .
Your sense of fashion is “ fin ” ( bad ) .
Embracing these ideas as fact will not put you on the same level as hipsters — that would be ridiculous — but it will let the hipster know that you are keeping it real , which they can respect , sort of .
With that , you ’ll want to open the dialogue on a fairly benign topic so as not to indicate that you mean the hipsters harm , or that you are in fact a poseur .
Here are some suggestions :
“ That deck [ good ] Conor Oberst is signing autographs at Amoeba Records today . ”
“ Check out my new tattoo ! ” ( Or new fixed - gear bike . )
“ Anyone for a really small slice of vegan soy pizza ? ”
Hipsters have usually attended a liberal - arts college for at least two years , however — and are thus extremely smart — and often wo n’t take the verbal bait .
In this situation , you must be cruel to be kind and exploit the hipster ’s Achilles heel : music .
There are two approaches to smoking them out musically :
Play non-hip music , and play it very loudly .
Remember , hipsters all have iPod Nanos , so it ’s going to have to be extremely ear - shattering to overpower the sonic armor of Death Cab for Cutie .
Recommended selections include anything by Kenny Rogers or Green Day , or Radiohead ’s Hail to the Thief ( hipsters generally agree that this is when Radiohead sold out ) .
Really , any popular , major - label artist will do the trick .
Play music they enjoy , such as Clap Your Hands , Say Yeah ! , the National , or Monorchid .
These recordings may prove a bit harder to find , however , so there ’s always the “ the ” band theory : the Strokes , the Faint , the Hives , the Killers , the Vines , the Bravery , et al. are usually considered deck by hipsters , despite their popular major - label status .
( Note : “ the The , ” however , will NOT work using approach number two .
See approach number one . )
When it comes to “ The ” bands , you might ask :
Well , which one ?
Do n’t hipsters like one better than the others ?
Trust us when we tell you that it is n’t going to make the slightest difference .
Returning Your Hipsters to Their Natural Environment
Hopefully by now , you ’ve got the hipsters out in the open .
Maybe they ’re sitting in your living room brooding , or writing in a journal , or looking uncomfortable and ostracized .
This is totally normal , and means you ’ve done everything by the book thus far .
Yet at this stage you will likely encounter the following critical conundrum :
When removing hipsters from your home , your paternal instinct may kick in at the sight of their waif - like appearances , and you will feel obligated to nourish them .
Do not attempt to do this .
In the first place , it is highly unlikely you have hipster food .
Kraft macaroni and cheese or microwaveable Bagel Bites will only make them angry .
( Though it completely defies logic , hipsters also know more about food than you do . )
Hamburger Helper is a grave insult to hipsters and will undoubtedly evoke a derisive response along such lines as , “ Do you have any idea what ’s in that stuff ? ! ? ”
Obviously , no , you do not .
Moreover , it should be noted that hipsters ’ eating cycles differ greatly from those of non-hipsters .
As an example :
What are the chances of you uncovering your hipster infestation on , say , the third Wednesday ( or designated feeding day ) of that particular month , and of having enough organic soy - based products in your fridge to feed them all ?
Admittedly , it would not require much .
But , you have to agree , the odds are pretty slim .
The best thing for them , and for you , is to simply return hipsters to the habitat from which they came .
And do n’t think you can just pile into the SUV and drive them there — they will spurn you for your wanton consumerism .
Get that archaic road bike out from the garage — they ’ll probably buy it from you when all is said and done — and cruise them around the local arts district to coffee shops and record stores until they are all given low - paying jobs based solely on their stylish appearances and morose demeanors .
Hipsters are much happier when they are poor ( although you ’d never know this by looking at them ) .
With the hipsters now returned to their milieu , you deserve a pat on the back .
Keep alert for future infestations , though , and be thankful you had hipsters instead of hippies , who can lower property values and are more or less impossible to get rid of .
Bush 's Illegal Use of Signing Statements is Impeachment Reason No. 1
In a Pulitzer Prize - winning article in the Boston Globe , Charlie Savage courageously published details of Bush 's outrageous " signing statements " added to new legislation .
As you can see from the examples quoted from Savage 's story ( Boston Globe , April 30 , 2007 ) below , the intention of each statement is to allow an " executive loophole " whereby " the W " can essentially ignore the effect of the legislation .
In other words , Bush has been assuming the powers of a dictator , ruling by decree , under our noses .
This is quoted directly from Savage 's story :
" Since taking office in 2001 , President Bush has issued signing statements on more than 750 new laws , declaring that he has the power to set aside the laws when they conflict with his legal interpretation of the Constitution .
The federal government is instructed to follow the statements when it enforces the laws .
Here are 10 examples and the dates Bush signed them :
March 9 : Justice Department officials must give reports to Congress by certain dates on how the FBI is using the USA Patriot Act to search homes and secretly seize papers .
Bush 's signing statement :
The president can order Justice Department officials to withhold any information from Congress if he decides it could impair national security or executive branch operations .
Dec. 30 , 2005 : US interrogators cannot torture prisoners or otherwise subject them to cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment .
Bush 's signing statement :
The president , as commander in chief , can waive the torture ban if he decides that harsh interrogation techniques will assist in preventing terrorist attacks .
Dec. 30 : When requested , scientific information '' prepared by government researchers and scientists shall be transmitted [ to Congress ] uncensored and without delay . "
Bush 's signing statement :
The president can tell researchers to withhold any information from Congress if he decides its disclosure could impair foreign relations , national security , or the workings of the executive branch .
Aug .
8 : The Department of Energy , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and its contractors may not fire or otherwise punish an employee whistle - blower who tells Congress about possible wrongdoing .
Bush 's signing statement :
The president or his appointees will determine whether employees of the Department of Energy and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission can give information to Congress .
Dec. 23 , 2004 : Forbids US troops in Colombia from participating in any combat against rebels , except in cases of self - defense .
Caps the number of US troops allowed in Colombia at 800 .
Bush 's signing statement :
Only the president , as commander in chief , can place restrictions on the use of US armed forces , so the executive branch will construe the law ''as advisory in nature . "
Dec. 17 : The new national intelligence director shall recruit and train women and minorities to be spies , analysts , and translators in order to ensure diversity in the intelligence community .
Bush 's signing statement :
The executive branch shall construe the law in a manner consistent with a constitutional clause guaranteeing '' equal protection " for all .
( In 2003 , the Bush administration argued against race - conscious affirmative - action programs in a Supreme Court case .
The court rejected Bush 's view . )
Oct. 29 : Defense Department personnel are prohibited from interfering with the ability of military lawyers to give independent legal advice to their commanders .
Bush 's signing statement :
All military attorneys are bound to follow legal conclusions reached by the administration 's lawyers in the Justice Department and the Pentagon when giving advice to their commanders .
Aug .
5 : The military cannot add to its files any illegally gathered intelligence , including information obtained about Americans in violation of the Fourth Amendment 's protection against unreasonable searches .
Bush 's signing statement :
Only the president , as commander in chief , can tell the military whether or not it can use any specific piece of intelligence .
Nov. 6 , 2003 : US officials in Iraq cannot prevent an inspector general for the Coalition Provisional Authority from carrying out any investigation .
The inspector general must tell Congress if officials refuse to cooperate with his inquiries .
Bush 's signing statement :
The inspector general '' shall refrain " from investigating anything involving sensitive plans , intelligence , national security , or anything already being investigated by the Pentagon .
The inspector cannot tell Congress anything if the president decides that disclosing the information would impair foreign relations , national security , or executive branch operations .
Nov. 5 , 2002 : Creates an Institute of Education Sciences whose director may conduct and publish research '' without the approval of the secretary [ of education ] or any other office of the department . "
Bush 's signing statement :
The president has the power to control the actions of all executive branch officials , so '' the director of the Institute of Education Sciences shall [ be ] subject to the supervision and direction of the secretary of education . "
IS THERE STILL ANY DOUBT IN YOUR MIND ABOUT THE NEED TO IMPEACH GEORGE W. BUSH ?
Abraham007 Social Media Pages :
" I am a patriot in the tradition or Mark Twain who stated that 'a patriot is one who supports his country 100 % of the time ... and the government when it deserves it . "
As such I am passionate about protecting the rights of US citizens under ( more ... )
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
About us
关于我们
东莞市利安达环境科技集团是一家集空气净化消毒机的研发、生产、营销于一体的国家高新技术企业，致力于医疗、商用、中央空调系统领域的洁净空气解决方案。
公司拥有自主品牌商标及整套产品知识产权，积极引进先进的环保理念和洁净技术。经过近20年的探索与创新，获得了中科院、国家空调设备质量监督检测中心、广东省疾…
« Thank you , and I 'm back : ) | Main | Never Underestimate the Power of Fun »
How to come up with Breakthrough Ideas
Brilliant , wildly creative people can pull breakaway ideas from thin air .
The rest of us need tools .
EQing is the tool we used to design the Head First series , and we 've been using it ever since .
Bert , Eric , and I are all audio freaks -- we lust after the giant mixing boards at live shows , confident ( and delusional ) that we could do it so much better , if only we could get our hands on those sliders .
So , an audio equalizer was a natural metaphor for us , and this is my first attempt to explain how we use the concept of EQing to brainstorm new designs .
( If you are n't familiar with how audio equalizers work , click here for a nano review . )
In our EQ model , when all the sliders are in the zero / middle position , this represents " the norm " for whatever that product , service , industry typically does .
In other words , a slider turned down to - 4 means that it 's way below the norm , and a slider at + 4 means way above the norm .
But the slider says nothing about the actual absolute value of whatever that slider is for .
( The number " 4 " means nothing -- it 's just an arbitrary number that matches the graphic -- I could just as easily used " 1 " or " 10 " or " 42 " . ) I 'll start with a simple example to give you a feel for it , before working our way to the good stuff .
You 'll have to read to the end to get to the " breakthrough " part . ; )
Example One : Typical , non-breakthrough EQing
Equalizer for a typical computer hardware product :
In the graphic above , the zero represents what is average / typical for that kind of product .
Assume there 's more than one source for the product ...
The problem with computer hardware ( as with so many other things ) is that there 's too much competition .
Too many companies clawing and biting for their slice of the market for that product .
How do they compete with one another ?
The typical -- and usually worst -- way to gain an edge is by tweaking one or more of the standard sliders .
For example , a low - cost computer 's EQ might look like this , relative to the norm :
This product sacrifices features and service in order to lower the price , but this works only while :
A ) The features and service are n't essential to a large enough part of the market
B ) They are the only vendor doing it this way ( i.e. the only low - cost vendor with this kind of EQ )
But if this particular EQ is successful , other companies ( new and existing ) will eventually make the same tweaks until the lower prices simply become The New Normal .
In other words , the zero EQ point for the price and feature sliders now represent a lower absolute number , and now there 's a viscious downward spiral of competition at the low end ...
Another company may take the price slider down , but keep all the features at the middle / zero point ( i.e. the norm ) .
But then they 're probably cutting somewhere else -- either by using cheaper or less - skilled employees , cutting employee benefits , and / or cutting customer service .
A company might do just fine for a time , but quality will slip eventually , and customer happiness will drop .
From a systems thinking perspective , this is not a sustainable strategy .
The big point is this : trying to compete with existing products , services , or ideas by tuning the SAME set of sliders everyone else uses is a painful path .
The breathrough ideas usually come from adding new sliders !
There are exceptions , though -- if you tune an existing slider in a dramatic or counterintuitive way , you might end up with a breakthrough edge , at least temporarily .
37signals , the folks behind the wildly popular Basecamp and Backpack , did that when they tuned the features slider way , way , way down .
Their art is in knowing which features to leave out , of course .
But turning down the features slider was n't really their goal .
The goal ( I think ) was User Bliss , an entirely new slider , and one that was partially tied ( inversely ) to the Num Of Features slider .
Turning down the features turned out to be one of the most important ways to achieve User Bliss .
Knowing which sliders to include is just as important as knowing how to EQ them .
When we say " typical sliders for this product type " , it means that these sliders reflect the areas of focus for companies who make those products .
And that 's the problem .
Breakthrough ideas come from " thinking outside the sliders . " ; )
Example Two : Beginning Breakthrough EQing : adding new sliders
When we set out to design a new computer book series , we looked at the typical industry - standard sliders for a tech book .
Most computer book formats make adjustments within these main sliders , although some topic categories ( like digital photography or web design books ) add a slider for color , another might use a slider for including a CD - ROM , etc .
When we thought about our first book -- on Java - - we wondered how the hell could we compete with 2000 +
Java books still on the market ?
No amount of EQing the typical sliders would give us a breakthrough book .
In fact , when we look at the EQ for our book against the typical sliders , the Head First format does n't look good at all :
We needed to add new sliders .
Our first new slider was " Pain " .
We wanted to reduce the pain associated and assumed with learning a tough tech topic .
Some books do this by lowering the number of topic and topic depth .
To reduce pain , you could simply make an easier book .
But that was not our goal .
We did n't want to simplify or " dumb down " the topic -- we wanted to make a tough topic less painful .
( A big distinction for us . )
We added two other related sliders as well ( " metacognitive " and " engaging " ) , and the combination of the new sliders plus the tweaks we made to the standard sliders gave us our edge .
Again , we certainly are n't the only ones to care about these things -- but it DOES mean that we considered them far more important to users than had been previously assumed by most of the books in our category .
And here 's where we started to use the EQ - it to model our ideas ... the graphic below shows our our book compared to the norm .
You can see that when we added the new sliders , we developed a very different EQ pattern from the other books .
On the new sliders , we went way above the norm in " metacognitive " and " engaging " .
We reduced the " pain " slider .
We also reduced the number of topics , but did not reduce topic depth .
Adding new sliders -- especially the " engaging " slider -- was the key .
But the sliders we added were not very innovative , they were simply NOT TYPICAL for a tech book .
You can often make a breakthrough product simply by changing the weighting ( i.e. adjusting the slider ) of things that competitors have taken for granted .
Look at things your competitors do n't consider important enough to warrant a slider , and imagine what would happen if you promoted some of those things to first - class slider citizens and tuned them dramatically up or down .
If -- and this is a big if -- these new sliders reflect previously unsatisfied user desires , you might have your edge .
But ... adding sliders for things that the competition did not consider important ( or mutable ) enough to warrant a slider is just a warm - up .
Rather than simply adding sliders for things the competition is already doing ( but had n't considered tweaking ) , why not add sliders for things the competition never dreamed of ?
This is where the biggest breakthroughs happen -- when you add sliders that make others say , " WTF ? "
For example :
Netflix added several new sliders not previously associated with video rental .
Nike added customization , a slider not previously associated with athletic shoes .
FlickR added tagging , a slider not previously associated with online photo sharing .
( And they quickly ended up with a community slider as well . )
Apple 's iTunes added an interesting slider - -" granularity " -- to the purchase of music .
Before iTunes , the " atomic unit " of music was usually a CD .
You had to buy the whole thing even if half the songs sucked .
By adding a slider for granularity -- and tuning it way down below the norm -- iTunes added true user value .
Here are some examples of new sliders companies have added .
Could you add any of these to what you do ?
Coming up with ideas using EQ modeling
Least effective way :
- Figure out what the existing sliders are for this product or service , and change the value of one or more sliders .
This is how most companies compete , and it 's usually the most painful -- the constant struggle to reduce price , add features , whatever it takes to stay one step ahead of the competition .
More effective :
- Tune one or more of the typical sliders in an extremely dramatic way .
For example , instead of cutting the price , make the product free .
But this usually means you end up creating one or more new sliders for whatever business model allows you to make this drastic change .
Much more effective :
- Add new sliders for things that competitors have taken for granted , and have n't been competing on .
In other words , dramatically change the weighting of things the competition had not considered changing .
Example : our books .
Most effective ( for breakthrough ideas , not always the best ideas ; )
- Add wildly new sliders for things nobody in that industry had considered .
Note that what 's " wildly new " for one type of product or service might be standard / typical for another .
A Customization slider , for example , would not be unusual for a wedding cake bakery , but was very unusual for athletic shoes .
Tips for finding NEW sliders
1 ) Borrow sliders from an entirely different product or service type .
Customization , Subscription , Home Delivery , Entertainment , etc. -- things that make sense in some domains but have never been used on your product or service .
2 ) Look at the conventional wisdom -- things everybody offering that product or service takes for granted -- and see if you can tune a slider the others consider immutable ( or unimportant ) .
3 ) Randomly add sliders and play what - if brainstorming games .
4 ) Ask users to come up with sliders .
This is more effective ( and similar to # 3 ) if you ask users from a different domain !
Remember , directly asking users what they want rarely leads to breakthrough ideas .
Breakthrough ideas are , by definition , things nobody has yet imagined , but which users find compellling .
One final example :
Imagine an art gallery .
Now imagine a skateboarding shoe store .
Now smush those together into an art gallery / skateboard shoe store .
That describes Installation , an imaginative and uber - cool store here in Boulder .
While nearly ALL skateboard shops are pretty damn cool , the idea of " Gallery " as a slider was a unique idea .
Or you could flip it -- the idea of adding " Shoes " ( let alone skateboard shoes ) as a slider to an Art Gallery equalizer is pretty strange .
[ Photo by Josh Spear , who I 'll have a lot more to say about very soon .
In the meantime , I encourage you to click that link for his blog ! ]
I know I do n't need to say it , but for disclaimer purposes I will -- adding weird sliders just to add sliders and be novel is n't the point .
The goal is to add sliders that turn out to be really important to users .
And I say " turn out to be " , because the most daring breakthrough products and ideas are rarely driven by user requests .
Typical art gallery goers were n't saying , " yeah , but what we REALLY want is for you to let us come here to buy high - end skate shoes . "
And skateboard shoe buyers ( Skyler and I are both in that category ) were n't asking for a gallery setting .
But it turns out that the ambience and sheer creativity of the place IS compelling .
It 's worth the non-discount price of the cool shoes just to come away from your shoe - shopping experience inspired as you would be from , well , an art gallery visit .
It 's too early to tell , though , if Installation 's unique combination of sliders will be successful .
Once the novelty wears off , will people still go back there for their shoes ?
I will , but I 'm not their demographic , being about , oh , twice the age of today 's young skaters .
Installation is doing a lot more than just throwing art on the wall -- but I 'll say more about that in my next little post .
So , as an exercise , I 'd like to challenge you to think about ways you can add sliders .
One of the best exercises is to reverse - engineer other breakthrough products and draw out their equalizer -- showing how they differ from what is typical and standard .
At the bottom of this post , I 've included the blank equalizer JPEG , plus the sliders , if you 'd like to try making your own .
Or just draw one on a whiteboard and scan it .
If you create a blog entry with an equalizer of an existing product or service ( or a wild - ass idea for something new ) , I 'll link to it -- as long as you have comments open ; )
Keep in mind that there is no one correct equalizer description of a particular product , service , or idea .
It all depends on your perspective , and you might have an equalizer , for example , devoted solely to the customer service aspects of a product or service .
And there 's a fractally component here as well .
With our " metacognitive " slider , for example , I have an entirely separate equalizer JUST for EQing the various metacognitive techniques we use .
Our newest book design , for example , is brain - friendly , but in a profoundly different way than the Head First books , because we made a completely different EQ of the brain - friendly elements -- turning some way down , bumping some way up , and adding a few new sliders .
Above all , have fun !
Blank EQ
Templates :
FYI : This EQ modeling is fairly similar to a technique known as The Blue Ocean Strategy , a book I recommend ( although it 's a bit on the business school / academic side for me , but it 's got a lot of great info ) .
Their subtitle says it all : " How to create uncontested market space and make competition irrelevant "
Posted by Kathy on November 30 , 2005 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d83424d10e53ef
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference How to come up with Breakthrough Ideas :
» Kathy Sierra Reveals the Formula for Disruptive Innovation from ActoNetwork
Well , she calls it how to come up with breakthrough ideas , but to use the parlance of this blog , it 's the same as how to come up with disruptiv [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 30 , 2005 1:19:19 PM
» How to come up with Breakthrough Ideas from Bruno Unna
I 'm very glad since I 've just learned that Kathy Sierra is again with us .
As usual , she provides us with a juicy piece of information for us to - mentally - chew : a process to come up with innovative ( more than innovative : breaktrough ) ideas .
She b... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 30 , 2005 2:22:25 PM
» Comparing tech book series from Backup Brain
Kathy Sierra wrote a post on How to come up with Breakthrough Ideas , in which she wrote about " EQ " using an audio equalizer model to help brainstorm new ideas :
In our EQ model , when all the sliders are in ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 30 , 2005 5:10:30 PM
» Comparing tech book series from Backup Brain
Kathy Sierra wrote a post on How to come up with Breakthrough Ideas , in which she wrote about " EQ " using an audio equalizer model to help brainstorm new ideas :
In our EQ model , when all the sliders are in ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 30 , 2005 5:12:02 PM
» Web Roundup # 3 from Rick Watson : Smoke and Mirrors
# Link : Big eBay Users Shun Skype I guess it depends on how you define big .
Big in terms of # of transactions or big in terms of ASP .
Sellers with a higher ASP would be more apt to use [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 1 , 2005 6:59:36 PM
» How to come up with breakthrough ideas from Sumedh Mungee
Fantastic article on how to organize your mind for coming up with breakthrough ideas for your business a tool for disruptive innovation .
The big point is this : trying to compete with existing products , services , or ideas by tuning the SA ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 1 , 2005 7:18:11 PM
» Better Coffee Through Chemextry from Gumption
Last week , I met Erik at the University Zoka ( UZ ) cafe ( Zoka roasts -- and brews -- the best coffee in Seattle ... my favorite is their organic Tatoosh Blend ) .
I arrived early , and got to talking with Sam , who [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 2 , 2005 9:24:46 AM
» The Blue Ocean Strategy from Startup Fever
Kathy Sierra descibes a technique for generating different ideas in a post entitled Creating How to come up with Breakthrough Ideas .
The technique comes from Blue Ocean Strategy : How to Create Uncontested Market Space and Make Competition Irrelevant , ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 3 , 2005 10:08:53 AM
» How to come up with Breakthrough Ideas from Kinetic Energy
Another great post by Kathy Sierra on how to come up with breakthrough ideas .
Read it now .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 3 , 2005 10:04:16 PM
» Enjoy learning !
from
Let 's change people 's minds !
Eventhough new behaviors take time to learn and implement they do n't have to be hard to understand .
Instead why not make it just easy ?
That 's what the blog Creating Passsionate users is doing .
And I am a passionate reader .
Kathys [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 7 , 2005 1:35:10 AM
» EQ modelling from I Speak of Dreams
I was looking for something else , and stumbled across Creating Passionate Users , a group blog by Kathy Sierra , Bert Bates , and Eric Freeman .
Kathy has come up with a metaphor for product innovation that she calls EQ Modelling -- the EQ [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 7 , 2005 11:31:13 PM
» New idea technique : Tweaking The Norms from IdeaBoost Journal
A great little article giving an unusual technique for idea generation .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 21 , 2005 10:04:23 AM
» Simplicity Creates User Satisfaction from Innovation Science
An article in the latest Harvard Business Review titled Defeating Feature Fatigue reminds me of a post at Creating Passionate Users on breakthrough ideas .
The Harvard article goes into analytical detail on how companies continue to add features to [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 16 , 2006 11:53:57 PM
» Disruptive technology and EQing from Pythoneer
I was just listening to Clayton Christensens , the inventor of the term disruptive technology , speech Capturing the upside from the OSBC 2004 .
When he uses the example of open source tools , which sometimes have less features and mig ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 8 , 2006 4:00:44 AM
» Links for the Week - March 18/06 from How to Save the World
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 18 , 2006 1:25:32 PM
» Design aspects from Worm in liquid maze
I have n't written here for quite a while and I would like to attempt to fix that today .
Last time I talked [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 8 , 2006 3:16:53 PM
» Kathy Sierra : Dilbert e a zona de mediocridade from Balance On Rails
Ouvi falar sobre Kathy Sierra , pela primeira vez , em um post no blog Loud Thinking , de David Hansson .
Kathy também esteve na RailsConf Europe em setembro .
Ela e outros amigos escrevem no blog Creating Passionate Users .
Ela é muito interessada no cérebr [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 19 , 2006 11:53:38 AM
» Dilbert and the zone of mediocrity from Seeds of Growth
How loveable is your product or service ? " How brave are you ?
How far will you ( or your employer ) go to avoid the Zone of Mediocrity ?
Until or unless you 're willing to risk passionate hate , you may never feel the love .
Scott Adams agrees .
In a recen [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 25 , 2006 2:49:24 PM
» Does levitra work .
from Does levitra work .
Free levitra .
Buy levitra .
Viagra cialis levitra .
Buy levitra online .
Cheap levitra .
Canada in levitra .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 8 , 2010 11:32:09 PM
» Carisoprodol . from Buy carisoprodol .
Carisoprodol . [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 9 , 2010 4:42:08 AM
» Milf moc sex acronym .
from
Sex milf women fuck big penis .
Milf sex amp voyeur pictures swingers amp movies .
Milf sex stories viagra pounding .
Patricia heaton milf sex cum chat .
Kinky milf hunter ambur crazy orgy group sex .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 14 , 2010 11:29:05 AM
Comments
Kathy ,
glad to hear you are well again , great post .
If you have not read it already , I recommend checking out Clayton Christiensen 's book " The Innovator 's Solution , " I think you would really dig it .
It is to business what the Head First Design Patterns book is to code ( he essentially distills recurring themes and patterns in biz across many industries ) .
The concept of adding " wildly new sliders " to differentiate yourself translates almost perfectly to his notion of a " new market disruptor " and all the strategies that accompany the task of successfully usurping an incumbent player in a marketplace .
I wrote up a summary of the insights I got from his book and the parallels that can be drawn to web development here :
http://www.scrollinondubs.com/index.cfm/2005/10/17/Book-Review-on-The-Innovators-Solution-and-interpretations-as-it-relates-to-web-development
Sliders are defintely a neat way to think about the different dimensions of a product though .
as Nigel would say , " but mine goes to eleven ... "
Sean
Posted by : Sean Tierney | Nov 30 , 2005 1:31:14 PM
Amazing article !
This metaphor is just so cool !
Imagine this - you do n't really have to use it for competition or new products .
I am a neat use for this cretive EQ .
I would call it the mood equalizer !
From personal experience - atleast being a more visual and audio freak - i feel nice doing this .
A small app to save your moods scale daily will help lots of people overcome their personal either ' day to day ' problems or even medical problems like depression or keep bipolar disorder undercheck .
A java version would be a really cool one and then imagine - visualizing it over time !
Posted by : Vinu | Nov 30 , 2005 1:38:56 PM
Kathy ...
First , glad to hear you 're feeling better !
Welcome back .
Second , as usual this post is AMAZING !!
I agree with Vinu that the EQ metaphor is a great one and has so much potential for so many different applications .
Third , thanks for the templates .
They make me wonder though , if there would be a way of creating a mini- flash or java app that would allow the user to attach concepts to the sliders , dependencies that would show how one slider affects the others and the ability to interactively adjust the sliders in real time .
Posted by : Dave Giunta | Nov 30 , 2005 2:08:12 PM
Kathy :
I really like your EQ metaphor !
Good post .
But I have to strongly disagree with your equating " User Bliss " to the low features of BaseCamp .
I for one an unhappy BaseCamp user because almost anytime anyone asks for something then feel they really need 37 Signals tells them " We wo n't be adding that . "
And this on topics that a large chorus of people are clamoring for just such a feature .
The problem is 37 Signals equates listing to customers as being the same as adding bloated features .
It is not .
Really good companies can balance the two ; in my opinion they do not .
As soon as there is a viable alternative , I will be leaving BaseCamp and I am sure the same will be true of many others .
So I can tell you the low feature level of BaseCamp for me does not create " User Bliss " ; instead it creates " Intense User Frustration . "
Posted by : Unhappy Basecamp User | Nov 30 , 2005 3:23:45 PM
You left out another strategy - a slider that goes to 11 .
Posted by : Geoff | Nov 30 , 2005 3:46:33 PM
wow , how did i miss this ?
all i have to do is draw a slider in my head and do something i think moves this slider and whammo i am a creative genius .
Posted by : whoops | Nov 30 , 2005 4:56:19 PM
Sean : this is great -- thanks for the link and recommendation -- that book is on my short list now .
Sean and Geoff : DOH !
I can't believe I missed that opportunity .
Time to rent Spinal Tap again .
Dave : excellent idea -- maybe * you 'll * code one up ? ; ) .
I like the idea of dependencies , and the trackback from Bruno makes a really good point about this -- in a real EQ , there is a left - to - right dimension and the order of the sliders is not arbitrary , as it is with what I did .
It would interesting to see if someone comes up with another channel of information you could get from visualizing the curve made by the sliders .
With my examples , there really is no benefit in looking at the curve , other than to see that it's * different * from the norm , or different from your top competitor or whatever .
There 's nothing other than * different * to be seen there .
But it would be useful to add something more , and relationships and / or dependencies would be cool .
Unhappy :
This is a crucial issue , and one I wish I had an answer for .
And one that I struggle with as well ... how do you differentiate the criticism you get ?
Some of it is valid -- maybe * most * -- and you can't write it off .
But on the other hand , you have to be brave about trying to please everyone ( and smoothing out what you have until it no longer can be distinguished from what everyone else offers ) .
Perhaps that 's the next art 37 signals will need to hone -- how to figure out * which * requests / complaints they * should * listen to .
But that 's got to be a tough job ...
Whoops : Hmmm ...
I did n't make my point clear enough , so I 'll quote it again here :
" I know I do n't need to say it , but for disclaimer purposes I will -- adding weird sliders just to add sliders and be novel is n't the point .
The goal is to add sliders that turn out to be really important to users . "
Apparently I * did* need to say it .
The reason there are so many gazillion creativity tools and techniques is because what works for one does n't work for another .
Indeed one person's " silly sliders " is , in our case , a tool that changed our lives .
Not because it 's a good tool -- but simply because it gave us a way to look at things that worked for us .
There are plenty of tools and tricks others have used -- with great success -- that seem ridiculous and pointless to me .
Which means I probably missed the point .
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Nov 30 , 2005 5:25:45 PM
Brilliant , brilliant writing , Kathy .
As a fellow sound board fetishist , the EQ metaphor hits me spot on .
And I can't help thinking of all the other variables on a board -- panning left to right , individualized feeds to the house , to the band , to individual band members , the gain for each input ...
Posted by : Dave Rogers | Nov 30 , 2005 7:18:30 PM
I bought and read " Blue Ocean Strategy " after seeing it casually mentioned in one of Kathy 's other posts .
I like the book 's examples of companies that created new markets with this kind of strategy .
Sliders ?... mmmmm ...
White Castle ...
I think we called those things " faders " in recording class but it 's been a while .
Anyway , this was a creative twist on the blue ocean charts .
It 's worth mentioning that many of the companies in the Blue Ocean book had to tune down a good thing to create room for cranking up another .
Sometimes a service was reduced ( or even eliminated ) to make room for increasing another value or creating a new one .
For tech books , the frequency bands of " Learner Friendly " and " Reference " would work on an EQ rack .
Many books try to be both of these and few focus on being learner friendly like the Head First series .
But the added value did not come for free .
The series had to sacrifice some reference value to become more learner ( aka brain ) friendly .
Posted by : Marc Peabody | Nov 30 , 2005 10:29:44 PM
Hi ,
a spelling error you may want to fix :
The breathrough ideas usually come from adding new sliders !
breathrough = breaktrough .
Feel free to delete this comment !
Thanks ,
Ivar
Posted by : Ivar | Dec 1 , 2005 6:14:34 AM
Glad to hear you 're feeling better , Kathy .
Great post , as usual .
I read a bunch of Clayton Christensen and " Blue Ocean Strategy " in business school .
See , I am one of those types :) , though what I love is making academic concepts understandable and applicable to those in the real world .
Anyway , my professional life has been driven by these concepts ever since .
Your EQ metaphor is great , and gives me a new way to frame my thinking around product / service design .
Thanks !
Posted by : Jessica Emmons | Dec 1 , 2005 7:55:13 AM
Let me second a recommendation for reading Clayton Christensen , who is one of the very few business authors to create a truly useful and insightful model for how industries go through evolution and revolution .
You can get an excellent overview by simply listening to his talk on IT Conversations :
http://www.itconversations.com/shows/detail135.html
Posted by : Zach | Dec 1 , 2005 9:45:26 AM
Kathy ,
Really good post .
I 'll be using this for a business I have been trying to get off the ground , I really appreciate you letting us in on this technique .
But one tweak ?
Should n't things like " Pain " and " Price " be reversed so that they are really " Lack of Pain " , and " Low Price " ?
That way , a low price or low pain product would be in the positive , and better show how they balance against the other tradeoffs .
Posted by : Kyle Bennett | Dec 1 , 2005 11:35:21 AM
Zach ,
For that link to Clayton Christensen 's audio : Thank You , Thank You , Thank You .
I 've just about finished listening to it , and it 's astounding !
Posted by : Kyle Bennett | Dec 1 , 2005 2:42:15 PM
Nice metaphor .
'( The number " 4 " means nothing -- it 's just an arbitrary number that matches the graphic -- I could just as easily used " 1 " or " 10 " or " 42 " . ) '
First , a thought : your sliders should go up to 11 like Spinal Tap's .
Second , a nitpick : Apple did n't decrease granularity , as your slider image suggests ; they increased granularity and decreased product size .
Posted by : Scott Reynen | Dec 1 , 2005 7:34:55 PM
Welcome back !!!
Oh my god ...
I might have to take next week off to read this one all the way .
;D
Posted by : olivier blanchard | Dec 1 , 2005 7:58:38 PM
brilliant .
the metaphor works .
Posted by : elginite | Dec 1 , 2005 9:15:53 PM
Yep , that Apple granularity thing is a bit confusing
cause granularity increases when size of the granules
decreases ...
As I understand , slider is supposed to show
the size of the granule , so label is misleading a bit ...
Posted by : Rimantas | Dec 2 , 2005 2:54:20 AM
I 'm sorry , I can't help myself on this one .
Igor , if you 're going to be anal enough to point out a spelling mistake in someone 's post , you might want to spell - check your " corrected " word before hitting the submit button .
Kathy , GREAT idea , very helpful when trying to think outside of the box .
Or outside of the EQ sliders , as the case may be .
I 'll take all the help I can get .
Posted by : Laura | Dec 2 , 2005 11:35:48 AM
I teach lit and composition .
I love new metaphors and as a former roadie and soundboard dude this one is resonant .
My question is one that I have had for years : what is my product ?
Is it something I am creating in my students or something they are creating within their own heads or both ?
I think that I can use this " innovation machine " if I can only come to grips with what my product is .
Any thoughts ?
Or , in honor of Igor , ' breathroughs ' ?
Actually I like that as a new word " breathe - throughs " , the kind of breathing you do as you give birth to a new idea .
Thanks for this grand touchstone of an idea .
Posted by : Terry Elliott | Dec 3 , 2005 5:48:57 AM
Ok , after this post on how to be creative , popular request for the next :
How to come up with great metaphors ?
You rock at it .
Posted by : Vishi | Dec 3 , 2005 9:03:21 PM
marc : " But the added value did not come for free .
The series had to sacrifice some reference value to become more learner ( aka brain ) friendly . "
Absolutely right .
My " number of topics " slider indirectly suggests our weakness as a reference book , but putting " reference value " or even " reuse " as sliders would also show us well below norm .
Zach : thanks for the link !
Kyle : I thought about that ... but showing " pain " as low was a better mapping for how we actually thought about it .
When we talked about it , we always said , " reduce pain " and so raising the " lack of pain " slider did n't have the same intuitive feel , even though it means the same thing .
But you 're right that it would have given us a different layer of information , which I do think is a good idea .
Still working on it ...
Scott and Rimantas : I do get confused about that one -- in my head , I was thinking " finer / smaller grained " so that meant " lower " , but it is n't exactly right .
The slider value was indeed supposed to show the size of the grain -- so the title does n't quite work , you 're right .
Cheers and thank you everyone .
p.s. Igor , right now I have a great appreciation for anyone who can find typos and errors , so I appreciate the feedback -- I was just too lazy to go back and correct it ...
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Dec 4 , 2005 2:51:30 PM
Additional , and great insights into this method are available in several reprints from Harvard Business School publishing on Value Innovation .
[ Value Innovation : The Strategic Logic of High Growth , by W. Chan Kim
& Renée Mauborgne , Harvard Business Review , Jan. - Febr , 1997 ]
There 's a great case study showing how Quicken reversed the value curve from prior available solutions ; EasyJet is another good one .
( It 's a faster and cheaper way to understand the author 's methods than buying and reading Blue Water Strategy , which has the typical extra 150 pages business books seem to require . )
Posted by : Robert Davis | Dec 9 , 2005 2:20:42 PM
This reminds me of some techniques I learned for exploring theatre characters and situations .
Basically , you establish a state and a scale , e.g. ‘ anger ’ and ‘ 1 to 5 ’ with 3 as a ‘ normal ’ level of anger , 5 their indidividual max , 1 their individual min .
You let the actors loose and improvise anger at level 3 , then you gradually increase and decrese the level of anger .
The fun starts when you have established different state - scales : anger , engery , speed , joy etc. and start combining them , e.g. joy 5 / speed 1 or sadness 5 / speed 4 .
It ’s quite interesing how some things are naturally in sync and what happens if you consciously divert from this natural sync .
And of course you can somtimes suprise the actors by suddenly getting into the negative part of the scale :
What is a coward - 2 ?
Or you suddenly expand the scale upwards : energy 8 !
And fantastic things happen : 5 was supposed their individual max , but they can give more , much more !
( kind of like the 11 on the much cited Spinal Tap amplifier ) .
Cheers ,
Jens
Posted by : Jens Reineking | Dec 13 , 2005 3:09:57 AM
Hi Kathy ,
It took me longer than I thought to get around to this , but I whipped up a webapp version of your equalizer , using your images ( with some modifications ) .
Up to eight sliders can be added dynamically and the state of the whole equalizer can be bookmarked .
Let me know what you think .
http://livingcode.org/miniproject/sliders/
My blog post about this :
http://livingcode.blogspot.com/2005/12/sierra-sliders.html
-- Dethe
Posted by : Dethe Elza | Dec 17 , 2005 12:07:11 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
The African elephant is known for its large , floppy ears
The two elephant species diverged from a common ancestor some 7.6 million years ago , experts working in the US , Germany and Switzerland say .
They came to their conclusion after comparing a genetic analysis of the two species with material derived from the extinct woolly mammoth and mastodon .
The African elephant is much bigger than its Asian counterpart .
It is known for its large , floppy ears , and both sexes have great ivory tusks - unlike the Asian species , in which typically only the males have large external tusks .
Tooth extract
The now extinct mastodon was very similar in appearance to the woolly mammoth - with lots of hair and big tusks .
Genetically , however , it was very different and is only a distant relative of the elephants .
The mastodon was similar to the woolly mammoth
By comparing the mastodon's genetic make - up with existing genome sequences for modern elephants and the woolly mammoth , they have built up a family tree for the elephants .
The tree has the African elephant diverging from both the Asian elephant and the mammoth about 7.6 million years ago .
Then , at 6.7 million years ago , the Asian elephant and the mammoth also go their separate ways .
Human comparison
" The cool thing about the mastodon is that we know pretty exactly from the fossil record when it diverged from the elephant and the mammoth , " said Dr Michael Hofreiter of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , and one of the lead researchers .
" So using that time point and the genetic data , we could date when the African elephant , Asian elephant and mammoth diverged from each other , " Dr Hofreiter explained .
" That took place in Africa in the same place where humans , chimps and gorillas diverged . "
The fact that it is now judged that the elephants went their separate ways in the same place and at about the same time we humans diverged from our ape brethren may of course be a coincidence .
Or , as Dr Hofreiter suggests , there may be a common environmental or climatic event which set both elephants and humans on their eventual evolutionary course .
YOU have to hand it to Craig Venter , he is not someone who thinks small .
The latest adventure of the man who was the first to sequence the genome of a living organism ( three weeks after his grant request to do so was rejected on the grounds it was impossible ) , the first to publish the genome of an identifiable human being ( himself ) and the first to conceive the idea of sequencing the genome of an entire ecosystem ( and to enjoy a nice cruise across the Pacific Ocean in his yacht while he did so ) is curiously reminiscent of the incident that made him a controversial figure in the first place .
That was when , 16 years ago , he attempted to patent parts of several hundred genes — the first time anyone had tried to take out a patent on more than one gene at a time .
This time , he is proposing to patent not merely a few genes , but life itself .
Not all of life , of course .
At least , not yet .
Rather , he has applied for a patent on the synthetic bacterium that he and his colleagues Clyde Hutchison and Hamilton Smith have been working on for the past few years .
The patent application itself was filed without fanfare some eight months ago .
But it was only at the end of May that the slowly grinding bureaucracy of America 's patent office got round to publishing it .
The central claim is to what Dr Venter calls the “ minimal bacterial genome ” .
This is a list of the 381 genes he thinks are needed to keep an organism alive .
The list has been assembled by taking the organism he first sequenced , Mycoplasma genitalium , and knocking out each of its 470 genes to see which ones it can manage without .
The theory — and the claim made by the patent — is that by synthesising a string of DNA that has all 381 of these genes , and then putting it inside a “ ghost cell ” consisting of a cell membrane , along with the bits and pieces of molecular machinery that are needed to read genes and translate them into proteins , an artificial organism will have been created .
Given that the ghost cell will be an enucleated natural bacterium rather than a synthetic structure in its own right , the new bug will not be a completely man-made creature .
Nevertheless , if the three researchers can pull it off , they will have achieved an impressive piece of genetic engineering — or , rather , of synthetic biology as this high end of the field is now usually called .
And there is every reason to believe that they will be able to pull it off .
In 2003 the same team , working then as now at Dr Venter 's research institute in Rockville , Maryland , were the first to produce a truly viable synthetic virus .
And techniques have moved on since then .
The patent does not claim that an organism based on the minimal bacterial genome has yet been made — and it has n't .
It is more a question of the Venter Institute getting its retaliations in first .
Nevertheless , the mere filing of the patent has upset some people .
Among the dischuffed is ETC Group , a Canadian bioethics organisation whose eagle - eyed spotters noticed the publication of patent 20070122826 last week .
They have asked Dr Venter to withdraw the patent — and , on the assumption that he will not , have also asked the patent office to reject it on the grounds that it is contrary to public morality and safety .
ETC 's objections seem twofold , and also slightly contradictory .
One objection is that the patent 's claims are too widely drawn .
It attempts , for example , to reserve the right to any method of hydrogen or ethanol production that uses such an organism .
( Dr Venter thinks synthetic biology is going to be important as a way of making fuels . )
It also , bizarrely , claims an interest in the genes the three researchers have identified as non-essential , as well as the essential ones .
To the extent that sweeping claims may stifle innovation , these are certainly things that need to be considered .
However , the more profound objection ETC has seems to be based on the idea that there are areas where mankind should not meddle .
As Pat Mooney , the group 's boss , put it , “ For the first time , God has competition . ”
No doubt Dr Venter , hardly famous as a shrinking violet , will be amused by the comparison .
ETC 's argument has some force .
Synthetic biology is developing fast and it is easy to see it being used out of malice .
That said , one of the advantages of a minimal genome is that the genes removed , while not essential for survival , are essential for robustness .
A bug relying on such a genome could not possibly live in the wild if it accidentally escaped .
Also , the biologists in the field are as concerned as anybody that the subject develops safely .
They have been asking for regulation rather than resisting it , and have already established codes of conduct to try to stop the malicious synthesis of pathogens .
Nevertheless , ETC is hoping to provoke a debate .
And to give people a name to hang on to in that debate it suggests nicknaming Mycoplasma laboratorium , as the application calls the putative invention , as “ Synthia ” .
The organisation hopes this name will stick in the popular consciousness in the way that Ian Wilmutt 's cloned sheep Dolly did .
Indeed , it is rather a good name .
Given the affection that Dolly attracted once the shock of her existence had been absorbed , perhaps Dr Venter — himself no slouch at publicity — will adopt it .
I find it near unbelievable that anyone can propose sending foreign troops back into Lebanon , as in 1958 , 1976 , 1978 and 1982 .
The penultimate intervention , by the United Nations , was specifically to " restore international peace and security " and assist the Lebanese government in gaining " a monopoly " of authority along the frontier with Israel .
It failed because neither side wanted it to succeed .
The only settlements in the region have been a result of wars , whether with Jordan , Syria or Egypt .
It is local people , the resolution of force on the ground , that will alone resolve the latest conflagration .
It has become a moral axiom of North Atlantic statesmanship that military potency confers a right and a duty to intervene .
A subsidiary premise holds that such intervention will always be for the good .
Hint that some conflict might be better resolved if the west stayed aloof and the cry goes up , " What would you do , then ?
You ca n't just do nothing . "
To the feelgood fanatics of London and Washington , leftwing and rightwing alike , they must be the subject of every verb and the world its object .
They are the children not so much of Palmerston and Disraeli as of the crusaders , the conquistadors and the Comintern , blessed with massive moral assurance .
The idea of leaving wars to resolve themselves , states to find their own leaders and regions to evolve their own equilibrium is to them not just mistaken but immoral .
I once made a vow never to write about the Middle East .
I had visited Israel and Jordan and was in Beirut in 1983 during an agony of foreign intervention comparable only to the miseries of modern Baghdad .
I watched the cynicism with which western armies arrived after the televised horror of the Sabra and Shatila massacres .
I watched the cynicism with which they left when the going got hot .
My last image was of an American battleship lobbing shells into Chouf mountain villages to provide media " cover " for the US marines ' retreat .
I realised that there was no way of calibrating comment on this subject that might inform debate rather than merely stir prejudice .
Each side wanted not intelligence but support or condemnation .
A sickening feature of every crisis was the eagerness of statesmen to " get engaged " , as if the Middle East were a gymnasium in which to practise diplomatic exercises .
Harold Wilson thought he could pacify the region .
Lord Carrington was seeking a Middle East peace deal in 1982 while Argentina was invading the Falklands .
Tony Blair naively traded " Middle East peace " for joining Bush in Iraq .
Britain has claimed a role in every Oslo accord , every road map , every two - state solution , as if the Levant were somewhere in Northern Ireland .
Last week , Blair hamfistedly pleaded with George Bush to be allowed to play once more .
The Commons chorus demanded visits , statements , exhortations .
Sir Menzies Campbell called for " action to stop the escalating conflagration " , as if peace on Earth could be ordered with club soda .
We can all read Amos Oz , writing last week , and sympathise with his exasperation at peace moves by Israel being met with the shelling of settlements and the kidnapping of soldiers .
We can all see the destruction of Beirut and killing of civilians and feel an equal and opposite sympathy .
The terrorising of innocents is nowadays the small change of limited war .
Yet how unfit for purpose is the language of sympathy .
The morality of " something must be done " is weakened by being intransitive .
There are two strands to the current debate on intervention .
One simply states a humanitarian obligation to show concern for those in pain , whatever the reason and whoever is to blame .
From the foundation of the Red Cross on the battlefield of Solferino in 1859 to the aid effort expended on Ethiopia in the 1980s , citizens of rich countries have felt a duty towards those in distress .
Only since the end of the cold war has this duty been polluted by politics .
In 1992 , the Washington Post rewrote the UN charter to justify America 's invasion of Somalia since the latter 's government had " improperly treated " its own people and thereby sacrificed its territorial integrity .
Intervention was converted into a moral duty by Blair 's 1999 " humanitarian crusade " speech in Chicago .
" We cannot turn our backs on conflicts and the violation of human rights ... if we want to be secure . "
Blair 's confusion of humanity and security has bedevilled debate ever since .
After 9/11 it opened the gate for generals and the military / industrial complex to seize the initiative , with results that can be seen on the streets of Iraq today .
The idea that Britain ( or any other country ) enjoys a unique legitimacy in intervening in the affairs of sovereign states is legally doubtful and racially repugnant .
Blair 's thesis that any state that is not democratic is somehow a threat to Britain is absurd , as is the implication that a love of freedom cannot speak for itself but must be imposed by force of arms .
Quite apart from the madness of this imperialism , the west cannot implement it .
It can hold in thrall such puny neo-colonies as Kosovo , East Timor and Sierra Leone .
But in Iraq it has failed and in Afghanistan it is failing .
The idea of bringing similar bounty to Iran beggars the imagination .
Intervention has brought not peace but violence to these poor peoples .
The mendacity of the neocons in claiming gains from intervention is equalled only by the enthusiasm of liberal supremacists to " finish the job " .
The humanitarian urge is time - honoured .
It " does something " about human distress through charities and NGOs rather than governments and armies .
Yet its steady morphing into the paranoid warmongering of western politicians is an international catastrophe .
It is fuelling anti-west extremism and negating any humanitarian motive .
What democratic cause can justify 1,000 deaths a week from " nation - building " in Iraq ?
Of course something must be done about the agonies suffered by the people of the Middle East .
Humanity demands it .
I would sail the first Red Cross ship into Beirut harbour .
But I would sink the first aircraft carrier .
simon.jenkins@theguardian.com
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - Iraq ’s government has lost control of vast areas to powerful local factions and the country is on the verge of collapse and fragmentation , a leading British think - tank said on Thursday .
A protester chants slogans near burning tyres during a demonstration in Basra , 550 km ( 340 miles ) south of Baghdad May 16 , 2007 .
Iraq 's government has lost control of vast areas to powerful local factions and the country is on the verge of collapse and fragmentation , a leading British think - tank said on Thursday .
REUTERS / Atef Hassan
Chatham
House also said there was not one civil war in Iraq , but “ several civil wars ” between rival communities , and accused Iraq ’s main neighbors -- Iran , Saudi Arabia and Turkey -- of having reasons “ for seeing the instability there continue . ”
“ It can be argued that Iraq is on the verge of being a failed state which faces the distinct possibility of collapse and fragmentation , ” it said in a report .
“ The Iraqi government is not able to exert authority evenly or effectively over the country .
Across huge swathes of territory , it is largely irrelevant in terms of ordering social , economic and political life . ”
The report also said that a U.S. - backed security crackdown in Baghdad launched in February has failed to reduce overall violence across the country , as insurgent groups have just shifted their activities outside the capital .
While cautioning that Iraq might not ultimately exist as a united entity , the 12 - page report said a draft law to distribute Iraq ’s oil wealth equitably among Sunni Arabs , Shi’ites and ethnic Kurds was “ the key to ensuring Iraq ’s survival . ”
“ It will be oil revenue that keeps the state together rather than any attempt to build a coherent national project in the short term , ” the influential think - tank said .
The oil law , among benchmarks Washington has set Baghdad as critical steps to end sectarian violence , has yet to be approved by parliament .
Ethnic Kurds , whose autonomous Kurdistan region holds large unproven reserves , oppose the draft ’s wording .
Rather that one civil war pitting majority Shi’ites against Sunnis nationwide , the paper said Iraq ’s “ cross- cutting conflicts ” were driven by power struggles between sectarian , ethnic and tribal groups with differing regional , political and ideological goals as they compete for the country ’s resources .
The author of the report , Middle East expert Gareth Stansfield , said instability in Iraq was “ not necessarily contrary to the interests ” of Iran , Saudi Arabia and Turkey .
“ ( Iraq ) is now a theatre in which Iran can ‘ fight ’ the U.S. without doing so openly , ” Stansfield said , adding that Iran was the “ most capable foreign power ” in Iraq in terms of influencing future events , more so than the United States .
The rise to power of Iraq ’s long - oppressed Shi’ite majority has caused concern in Sunni Gulf states , particularly Saudi Arabia , which deeply distrusts non-Arab , Shi’ite Iran ’s influence in Iraq , Stansfield wrote .
Should a U.S. withdrawal herald the beginning of a full - scale Sunni - Shi’ite civil war in Iraq , Saudi Arabia “ might not stand by , ” the paper said , “ with the possibility of Iran and Saudi Arabia fighting each other through proxies in Iraq ” .
These days , “ framework ” is quite a buzzword in web development .
With JavaScript frameworks like the Yahoo User Interface library , jQuery , and Prototype getting a lot of attention and web application frameworks like Rails and Django getting even more , it seems like everyone is using some kind of framework to build their sites .
But what exactly is a framework ?
And are they only useful to programmers , or can we web designers benefit from the concept , as well ?
Article Continues Below
What is a framework ?
#section2
So that we ’re all on the same page , let ’s agree — at least for the duration of this article — on this definition of “ framework ” : a set of tools , libraries , conventions , and best practices that attempt to abstract routine tasks into generic modules that can be reused .
The goal here is to allow the designer or developer to focus on tasks that are unique to a given project , rather than reinventing the wheel each time around .
Generally speaking , this is the approach taken by the aforementioned JavaScript and web application frameworks .
To be clear , we ’re not necessarily talking about something that is built , packaged , and released to the public .
Rather , a framework may be solely for you or your team .
A framework for designers #section3
Chances are , you can benefit from a similar abstraction of CSS code for your web design process .
Those who can benefit most are designers who work on several sites of a similar nature .
Additionally , designers working on a team with other designers have a lot to gain from a framework approach .
For example , I work for a newspaper company , and all of the 20 + sites in our stable have a lot in common .
Simply by virtue of being news sites , they tend to be more similar than they are different .
But , even a solo web designer who works on projects which are all quite different on the surface can probably find pieces that are suitable for abstraction into a general - purpose CSS framework .
At the Lawrence Journal - World , where I work , we ’ve recently built a CSS framework and found it to be a huge efficiency booster .
Sure , it took us a few days to create the framework itself , but once that was done , the speed at which we can put together quality page designs is tremendous .
What ’s more , since every designer on the team is now using the same framework , when one goes to make edits to another team member ’s work , they do n’t have to spend 20 minutes trying to understand why things were built the way they were .
They can just dive right in .
What sorts of things can be abstracted ?
#section4
When you jump into putting together a CSS framework , you ’ll want to look for things that you tend to do over and over again on every project .
The goal is to consolidate these things into one central location , following the Do n’t Repeat Yourself ( DRY ) coding methodology .
This makes maintenance a lot easier , and can also save on bandwidth costs .
A few things I account for in the CSS of almost every single project I work on are :
A “ mass reset ” of default browser styles .
For example , setting margin and padding to 0 on all elements , turning off borders on framesets and images , etc .
and to 0 on all elements , turning off borders on framesets and images , etc .
Aligning the type to a consistent baseline .
This includes things like setting the margins on block level elements like paragraphs , headers , and lists to the same value as ( or some multiple of ) the base line - height setting for the site .
setting for the site .
Creating basic styles for forms .
Creating a few CSS classes I always use , such as .hide ( where I set the display value to none ) and .mute ( which I set to a smaller type size and sometimes a lighter color ) .
There are more interesting possibilities , too .
Many web designers find themselves using the same basic grid structure over and over again .
Why not move it into its own stylesheet and structure it in a way that is flexible enough to be used on multiple sites ?
Yahoo has done this , with their YUI grids component .
When we built our CSS framework at the Journal - World , we looked at Yahoo ’s implementation first .
We decided it was n’t quite what we wanted , but it served as a nice functional example and gave us lots of ideas on how to construct our own .
We settled on a 16 - unit grid , which is flexible enough that we should be able to use it on every one of our properties ’ sites , even though every site looks and feels quite a bit different from the next .
Also , most sites share common widgets , like drop - down menus , navigation tabs , buttons , etc .
These are prime candidates for abstraction , as well .
Beyond that , you may have common content display idioms , such as a list of photos that appear as thumbnails .
You could standardize on a CSS class name like “ thumbnail - list , ” so that all you need to do is add that class to get your thumbnails working .
Another possibility is to extract hacks and workarounds ( such as those that accommodate older browsers ) into their own external stylesheet modules .
I ’ve tried this myself , but found that ultimately hacks and workarounds tend to be too site - specific to pull out into a generic framework .
But your mileage may vary .
What ’s the real world benefit ?
#section5
The real beauty of having a framework like this is getting off to a fast start .
You can create a new ( X) HMTL document , include your framework , and be off to the races with reset padding and margins , good typography , clean forms , a layout grid , working widgets , and more .
Obviously , though , you ’ll want to customize the look and feel for each site .
To accomplish this , all you ’ll need to do is overwrite and add to the default styles as necessary .
For example , if your framework sets up basic - looking horizontal navigation tabs for any ul with the class “ tabs , ” and they are grey with a black border , you can easily customize them to match the look and feel of your site with just a few lines ( Line wraps marked » — Ed. ) :
ul.tabs li { border : none ; background - image : url ('/images/tabs / » site - specific - tab - look.jpg ' ) ; }
All the work of floating the list items the to the left and making the links inside them display as blocks ( also floated to the left ) with the text centered in the middle — ad nauseam — has already been done for you .
You are left to focus on what is unique and interesting about the specific site you ’re working on , rather than writing the same CSS you ’ve written a million times before .
How should a CSS framework be built ?
#section6
There are several possible ways to go about building a framework , but the most common and arguably the most useful is to abstract your common CSS into individual stylesheets that each cover a particular part of the whole .
For example , you may have a stylesheet that sets up the typography and another that handles the mass reset .
The beauty of the approach is the ability to selectively include only the styles that you need .
You may end up with six or seven different stylesheets in your framework , but if a particular project does n’t need one or two of them , they do n’t have to be included .
The framework we created in our office has five stylesheets :
reset.css — handles the mass reset .
— handles the mass reset .
type.css — handles the typography .
— handles the typography .
grid.css — handles the layout grid .
— handles the layout grid .
widgets.css — handles widgets like tabs , drop - down menus , and “ read more ” buttons .
— handles widgets like tabs , drop - down menus , and “ read more ” buttons .
base.css — includes all the other stylesheets , so that we only need to call base.css from our ( X ) HTML documents to use the entire framework .
We then store the framework in a single location and have every site pull it in from there .
Then , of course , there are also site - specific stylesheets for each site which overwrite and add to the framework ’s default as necessary .
A word of caution #section7
This method works quite well , but there is a valid concern to be raised : it adds to the number of HTTP connections needed to render each page .
On large , high - traffic sites , adding five more HTTP connections to every page view may result in angry system administrators .
Two possible solutions to this are :
Include everything in a single file , rather than breaking it into modules .
The problem here is that you lose the ability to include only certain parts of the framework , and you also make maintenance more difficult .
Have a server - side process that dynamically flattens the individual files into a single response .
I ’ve not seen this done , but it could be very efficient if done well .
Using my example framework above , this dynamic process could occur when base.css is requested , but not when type.css , grids.css , etc. are .
This way , the individual components are still available , but the entire framework is available in a flattened version , as well .
In the end , it ’s important to keep in mind that the goal is n’t making things as abstract as possible so that you can impress your friends .
Rather , the goal is to get you off to a fast start and make your design process more efficient .
It is definitely possible to over do it .
If you abstract too much , things start to get confusing , and you end up hurting your website ’s performance with too many HTTP requests .
Remember : a good framework should never make things harder or more complex than simply starting from scratch .
In conclusion #section8
The bottom line is that we web designers , just like our friends in the programming world , tend to repeat ourselves often .
We find ourselves resetting the browser default styles , setting up a baseline grid and writing CSS for navigation tabs over and over again — on almost every project .
Taking a bit of time out to abstract some of these idioms into a framework that you can utilize on every site you build will get you off to a faster start , make for easier maintenance , and help the other designers on your team understand the decisions you made .
With a bit of care , these benefits can be realized without adding bloat or hurting the performance of a website .
Announcing the Open Library
Early this year , when I left my job at Wired Digital , I thought I could look forward to months of lounging around San Francisco , reading books on the beach and drinking fine champagne and eating foie gras .
Then I got a phone call .
Brewster Kahle of the Internet Archive was thinking of pursuing a project that I ’d been trying to do literally for years .
I thought long and hard about it and realized I could n’t pass this opportunity up .
So I put aside my dreams of lavish living and once again threw myself into my work .
Just as well , I suppose , since San Francisco ’s beaches are freezing cold , champagne has a disgusting taste , and foie gras is even worse .
I thought of the smartest programmers and designers I knew and gave them a ring , sat down for coffee with them , threatened to fly out to their homes and knock on their doors .
In the end , we got together an amazing group of people — all sworn to secrecy of course — and in the past few months we ’ve put together what ’s probably the biggest project I ever worked on .
So today I ’m extraordinarily proud to announce the Open Library project .
Our goal is to build the world ’s greatest library , then put it up on the Internet free for all to use and edit .
Books are the place you go when you have something you want to share with the world — our planet ’s cultural legacy .
And never has there been a bigger attempt to bring them all together .
I hope you ’ll take a look and let me know what you think .
And if this project excites you the way it excites me , I hope you ’ll join us .
You should follow me on twitter here .
July 16 , 2007
HEILIGENDAMM , Germany ( Reuters ) - Russian President Vladimir Putin turned the tables on Washington on Thursday by suggesting the United States use a Russian - controlled radar instead of U.S. anti-missile hardware in central Europe .
At a meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush during a Group of Eight summit , Putin proposed that the United States and Russia jointly use a radar in Azerbaijan as part of an anti-missile shield that would protect all of Europe .
“ We can do this automatically , and hence the whole system which is being built as a result will cover not only part of Europe but the entire Europe without an exception , ” Putin said .
“ This would also ... allow us not to redirect our rockets ( to targets in Europe ) and , on the contrary , allow us to create conditions for joint work , ” he said .
Washington says it wants to deploy 10 interceptor missiles in Poland and a radar in the Czech Republic as defense against projectiles launched by what it calls “ rogue ” states like Iran .
The project has infuriated Moscow which says it will upset the global strategic balance and could be used to launch attack missiles or to spy on Russia .
Washington denies this .
In his comments to reporters , Bush did not directly mention Putin ’s radar plan , which a White House aide said was new .
“ He made some interesting suggestions , ” Bush said .
Putin vowed last week to target Europe if Washington pressed ahead with its central European missile shield plan .
Washington has accused Russia of being uncooperative but Putin ’s plan would seem to undermine that criticism .
A Kremlin spokesman explained Putin ’s suggestion of using a Russian - operated radar in Azerbaijan would remove any need for a U.S. radar in the Czech Republic or anywhere in eastern Europe .
But it was unclear if Bush would ever consider the idea of dropping the Czech radar , a plan he vehemently defends .
Czech Defence Minister Vlasta Parkanova was quoted by Czech media as saying that Putin ’s proposal was a “ bolt from the blue ” , although she welcomed the idea of Russian , U.S. and NATO cooperation .
A senior Kremlin aide said he was certain the missile shield plan could be turned into a joint U.S. - Russian project .
President Bush meets with President of Russia Vladimir Putin at the G8 summit in Heiligendamm , June 7 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
Russia ’s RIA - Novosti news agency quoted Azeri Deputy Foreign Minister Araz Azimov as saying Azerbaijan was ready for formal talks on the joint use of the Qabala radar .
FIRST MEETING
Yevgeny Volk , head of the Moscow office of the Heritage Foundation , a U.S. think tank , told Reuters Putin ’s proposal was a ruse designed to stop the United States basing elements of its anti-missile defense systems in eastern Europe .
“ It looks like an attempt to divert discussion into a side street and make proposals that will hardly be acceptable to the United States . ”
It was the two presidents ’ first one - on - one meeting since Putin launched an attack on the Bush administration at a conference in February , where he accused Washington of trying to force its will on the world and become its “ single master ” .
White House national security adviser Stephen Hadley told reporters Putin ’s idea of using a Soviet - era radar system in Azerbaijan was “ a bold proposal ” .
U.S. officials would study the offer and discuss it with the Russians .
The Qabala radar , one of the biggest in the world , has operated in the north of Azerbaijan since 1985 .
It scans the whole of the Indian Ocean , the Middle East and most of North Africa -- and can detect missiles launched in those areas .
It is still manned by Russian military , who lease it from the Azeris .
Tags
In response to mounting controversy over the student loan industry , the House recently passed the Student Loan Sunshine Act by a large margin ( 414 to 3 ) .
The Act would require lenders to disclose any financial relationships they have with educational institutions , and it would prohibit certain questionable activities , such as lenders giving " gifts " to the employees in a school 's financial aid office .
Straightforward as this act seems , it will fail to address the true causes of corruption in higher education .
Stronger proposals , such as to bypass the private lenders altogether and have all students get their loans directly from the federal government , would be disastrous .
At root the problem is massive government subsidies and regulations , and more of the same will only make the situation worse .
To understand it all , we need to separate out the various allegations .
On the one hand , Democrats are accusing the Bush Administration of very benign neglect of what has been dubbed " recycling and refunding , " whereby lenders use artful manipulation of their portfolios to qualify for a 1980 provision ( when interest rates were far higher than today ) that guaranteed lenders a 9.5 percent return on their student loans .
As reported in a critical Salon.com article : " While payments on 9.5 percent loans had held steady at below $ 200 million per year since 1990 , according to a 2004 report by the Government Accountability Office , the amount of 9.5 percent payments rose from $ 209 million in 2001 to over $ 630 million in 2004 . "
If true , these allegations would be deplorable indeed ; hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars would be funneled into private hands in clear violation of the spirit of the original laws .
However , the solution here would be to end the subsidies , not demonize the lenders who can't resist picking up millions of dollars lying on the table .
For an analogy , there are currently plenty of landowners who get paid large sums by the federal government not to grow crops .
( This dates back to a misguided New Deal–era program designed to prop up farm prices . )
The solution here too is to stop making such payments , not to gnash our teeth about greedy landowners or ( even worse ) suggest the federal government nationalize all food production .
However , the real outrage in the past few months has n't been over wasted taxpayer dollars .
Instead , the controversy centers on the cozy relationships between private lenders and school officials , whereby colleges steer new students to preferred lenders who then reward the compliant staff with gifts and other compensation .
For example , in 2005 JP Morgan apparently paid $ 70,000 for a harbor cruise in New York City for over 200 financial aid officers — and one gets the sense that this was n't an altruistic effort by the investment bank to promote maritime appreciation .
With seemingly outrageous behavior like this , surely the federal government needs to step in , right ?
The problem with this knee - jerk reaction is that it is government involvement that has led to the corruption in the first place .
For example , why do n't we read daily newspaper articles about the problem of kickbacks in , say , the retailing industry ?
After all , the manager of the apparel section in a Wal - Mart could easily take bribes from a vendor in order to stock the shelves with a more expensive sweater .
But we do n't need the federal government to police this possibility , because Wal - Mart executives themselves have every reason to stamp it out , since such self - seeking behavior by the individual manager hurts Wal - Mart 's bottom line .
Customers are always free to shop at a different chain that does a better job controlling its employees and thus holding down costs .
( For those younger readers who might wonder whether my analysis is realistic , I merely refer them to the episode of Friends when Monica is fired from her prestigious job as a chef when she innocently accepts steaks from a vendor .
This is serious stuff ! )
These incentives for self - regulation are largely absent in higher education .
For one thing , a large volume of student loans is processed through government - run schools in the first place .
There , if the administrators keep a sharp eye out for corruption and thus hold down costs , this does n't translate into higher profits for shareholders .
But even in nominally private colleges and universities , government regulations and massive subsidies effectively blur the distinction between private and public .
Very few schools in the United States today are " run like a business , " and that 's precisely why corruption is so manifest — unlike the vast majority of businesses .
The solution to the crisis in higher education is to take the government out of the equation .
The " single payer " Pentagon certainly does n't hold down costs , and the ranks of politicians are certainly not known for their upstanding morals .
The idea that the federal government can be trusted to root out waste and corruption is absurd — those proposing such a " remedy " need to get educated .
President Bush pens WSJ op - ed , calls for balanced budget by 2012
Mike Sheehan
Published : Wednesday January 3 , 2007 Print This Email This Print page sponsored by Velvet Revolution .
President George W. Bush has written an op -ed for The Wall Street Journal that will appear in its pages today .
In a lengthy piece intended to address the new Congress , the President cites Sep. 11 , indicates his continued opposition to tax hikes , and projects a balanced federal budget by 2012 .
Discussing the nation 's priorities , Bush first lists " defeating the terrorists who killed thousands of innocent Americans on September 11 , 2001 -- and who are working hard to attack us again . "
He also indicates that he will talk more about a new strategy in coming days .
Next , the President talks of keeping the economy strong , and pointedly trumpets his tax cuts while rejecting any increases .
" Now is not the time to raise taxes on the American people , " he writes .
" It is a fact that economies do best when you reward hard work by allowing people to keep more of what they have earned . "
He also remarks that by continuing the policies of his economic plan , the nation can balance the federal budget by 2012 .
Bush acknowledges an important message he took from the last election , that Americans seek an end to " pork - barrel projects that have never been reviewed or voted on by Congress . "
He takes a jab at Sen. Robert Byrd ( D - WV ) and Rep. David Obey ( D - WI ) : " [ They ] heard that message , too , and have indicated they will refrain from including additional earmarks in the continuing resolution for this fiscal year . "
Bush also calls on the need for a presidential line - item veto to counter earmarking , and announces a proposal to halt " this dead - of - the - night process " and substantially reduce earmarks passed annually .
The President only passingly refers to such major election - season issues as energy , immigration reform and health care .
He credits progress that has been made in each area , but cites the need to do more .
In closing , Bush gives a dramatic warning to the newly empowered Democrats .
" If the Congress chooses to pass bills that are simply political statements , they will have chosen stalemate .
If a different approach is taken , the next two years can be fruitful ones for our nation . "
Excerpts from the op-ed at the Journal 's free Opinion Journal site follow ... #
I believe that when America is willing to use her influence abroad , the American people are safer and the world is more secure .
I believe that wealth does not come from government .
It comes from the hard work of America 's workers , entrepreneurs and small businesses .
I believe government closest to the people is more responsive and accountable .
I believe government plays an important role in helping those who can't help themselves .
Yet we must always remember that when people are hurting , they need a caring person , not a government bureaucracy .
These are all common - sense principles , and they provide the basis for how I will approach governing with the new Congress .
We 've proved it can be done :
When our nation was attacked , Republicans and Democrats came together to pass the Patriot Act and reform our intelligence agencies .
When our economy was struggling , we worked together to pass tax relief that has helped our economy grow , create jobs , and raise the standard of living for the American people .
When we saw that our public schools were failing our children , we came together to pass the No Child Left Behind Act , insisting on high standards , accountability and better options for parents .
... [ W ]e can help Iraq defeat the extremists inside and outside of Iraq -- and we can help provide the necessary breathing space for this young government to meet its responsibilities .
If democracy fails and the extremists prevail in Iraq , America 's enemies will be stronger , more lethal , and emboldened by our defeat .
Leaders in both parties understand the stakes in this struggle .
We now have the opportunity to build a bipartisan consensus to fight and win the war .
...
It is also a fact that our tax cuts have fueled robust economic growth and record revenues .
Because revenues have grown and we 've done a better job of holding the line on domestic spending , we met our goal of cutting the deficit in half three years ahead of schedule .
By continuing these policies , we can balance the federal budget by 2012 while funding our priorities and making the tax cuts permanent .
In early February , I will submit a budget that does exactly that .
The bottom line is tax relief and spending restraint are good for the American worker , good for the American taxpayer , and good for the federal budget ... #
Discourse.net
Posted by Michael : March 12 , 2007
When Gonzales first learned that the Justice Department had started an official investigation into the Plame leak , Gonzales waited twelve hours before putting the White House staff on notice that they had to preserve documents and electronic files .
Which seemed than ( sic ) — and seems now — like an open invitation to “ shredding and deleting , ” not to mention getting your story straight .
In short , obstruction of justice .
[…]
Lest you think this is much ado about nothing , consider that when Patrick Fitzgerald came looking , key emails to or from the Vice President ’s office mysteriously could not be found in the White House computer system ’s archives .
( More )
Vinod was featured on Dateline NBC on Sunday , May 7 , 2006 .
He was discussing the practicality of the use of ethanol as a gasoline substitute .
He is known to have invested heavily in ethanol companies , in hopes of widespread adoption .
He cites Brazil as an example of a country who has totally ended their dependence on foreign oil .
When an influential person begins to affect energy policy decisions - decisions that will have a huge impact on all of our lives - we better take a critical look at the claims that person is pushing .
You can't discuss ethanol for long with an ethanol proponent without having them mention the endorsement of Vinod Khosla .
If you do n't know who Khosla is , here are a couple of blurbs from his Wikipedia biography :
I have previously made the case that Khosla ’s claims do n’t stand up to scrutiny .
However , I recently got an e-mail from a reader who had watched a video presentation by Khosla .
He had been referred to the video by a blog , where a poster wrote “ this is actually starting to sound like a rational plan to me . ”
The presentation may be seen at :
Khosla Talks Ethanol
The accompanying slides may be downloaded at :
Biofuels :
Think outside the Barrel
In addition , another e-mail recently called my attention to a coast - to - coast road trip being fueled by E85 :
Kick the Oil Habit Road Trip
In one of the blog entries from the trip , there is a conversation between the driver of the E85 car ( Mark Pike ) , Tom Daschle , and Vinod Khosla .
The conversation is archived at :
Sen . Tom Daschle & Vinod Khosla talk Ethanol
I documented my impressions of the exchange at :
RR Critiques the Road Trip
For me , the most disturbing part of the exchange came when Mark Pike said : “ If the technology is good enough for Mr. Khosla , it ’s good enough for me .
I know that guy has done his research , so I trust him .
I will leave all of the scientific data and research to him . ”
There we come to the crux of the matter :
People trust that he knows what he is talking about .
The Wikipedia biography says he is “ successful and influential ” .
Make no mistake ; he is influencing people in this ethanol debate , including political leaders .
Khosla is convincing people that his projections are viable .
Yet , are they carefully scrutinizing his claims ?
No , because they trust him .
Yet claims like his , will dampen conservation efforts , and Americans will not be prepared for Peak Oil .
After all , Khosla , a guy they trust , says we are going to produce enough ethanol to replace our oil imports .
Become a Billionaire in 3 Easy Steps
In fact , Khosla ’s slide 78 shows very optimistic growth projections in all of the following areas : crop yield per acre , ethanol yield per ton , and acres of biomass planted .
It shows cellulosic ethanol growing from 0 gallons produced in 2006 to 173 billion gallons produced in 2030 .
We will need that ethanol to get to our condos on the moon .
Fortunately for us , he has cellulosic ethanol scaling up just as corn ethanol starts leveling off .
The result is an exponential curve of ethanol production that he extends out to the year 2030 ( slide 17 , shown below ) , at which time he has the U.S. producing almost 200 billion gallons of ethanol ( versus the current 4 billion gallons ) .
Because after all , we all know that crops do n’t fail , droughts do n’t happen , and technology always delivers on its promises .
That ’s why I do n’t worry about bird flu .
I know a vaccine will be produced in plenty of time .
Here are Khosla ’s projections :
Figure 1 : Vinod Khosla 's Ethanol Projections
By the same logic , I can offer you an easy plan for becoming a billionaire in the year 2030 .
Here ’s what you need to do .
Increase your salary each year , increase the amount you save each year , and increase your return on investment each year .
You will find that your wealth chart looks just like Khosla ’s ethanol chart .
Of course I could point out that it is extremely difficult to accomplish all of these things in practice , but then you might not buy my new book : “ Become a Billionaire in 3 Easy Steps ” .
The Debate Challenge
Before the debunking commences in earnest , I want to reiterate a debate challenge I made to Khosla .
Following his essay at The Huffington Post entitled The Big Oil Companies Have Been Ripping Californians Off -- And Not Just at the Pump , I issued a challenge to Khosla to debate his claims .
I repeat that challenge here .
We can engage in a written debate ( so claims can be referenced and verified ) hosted at The Oil Drum , or at the venue of his choice .
The focus will be on various ethanol claims that he has made .
I will show that many of his claims are simply incorrect , and a lot of it is propaganda .
Debunking Selected Claims
Let ’s focus on some specific claims that Khosla made in his presentation , and see if they hold up to scrutiny .
If they do n’t , then I want to ask why anyone takes his claims seriously , and why we are allowing him to influence energy policy .
I want to ask those who encounter him to vigorously challenge him on his exuberant claims ( and make sure he knows about the debate challenge ) .
Because if he is wrong , and political leaders are betting that he is correct , we will be throwing good money away and wasting time while we could be going after real solutions .
During the video presentation , at the 3:50 mark Khosla makes the following claim :
Vinod Khosla : Brazil has replaced 40 % of their petroleum use with ethanol already .
So , is this true ?
No .
As I documented in the article on ethanol that I wrote for Financial Sense
According to BP ’s recently released “ Statistical Review of World Energy 2006 ” , Brazil consumed 664 million barrels of oil in 2005 .
In 2005 , Brazil produced 4.8 billion gallons of ethanol , or 114 million barrels .
However , a barrel of ethanol contains approximately 3.5 million BTUs , and a barrel of oil contains approximately 6 million BTUs .
Therefore , 114 million barrels of ethanol only displaced 67 million barrels of oil , around 10 % of Brazil ’s oil consumption .
In other words , Brazil ’s energy independence miracle was 10 % ethanol and 90 % domestic crude oil production .
Therefore this claim , despite being constantly repeated , is false .
It presents a very misleading picture of Brazil committing to ethanol , and then farming their way to energy independence .
In fact , they drilled their way to energy independence .
It also does n’t hurt that they use 1/7th of the per capita energy that the U.S. uses .
If you note Khosla ’s slide 4 , you see the qualifier “ for light cars and trucks ” .
That is an important qualifier ( even though he did n’t mention it ) , but it still presents a misleading picture .
According to a March 2006 presentation by the Brazilian Ministry of Mines and Energy , the actual breakdown of vehicle fuels in Brazil at the present time ( by volume ) is 53.9 % diesel , 26.2 % gasoline , 17 % ethanol and 2.9 % natural gas .
At the 5:10 mark , Khosla says “ Unlike here , ethanol [ in Brazil ] has a dramatic reduction in greenhouse gases ” .
His slide 4 claims a 60 - 80 % reduction of greenhouse gas emissions for Brazilian ethanol .
Here he admits that ethanol in the U.S. does not provide a dramatic reduction in greenhouse gases .
Why then , on slide 7 , does he answer the question “ Why Ethanol ? ” with “ Significant Carbon Emission Reduction ” ?
Did he lose track of what he said on slide 4 ?
No , that appears not to be the case .
I have heard him make the “ significant reduction ” claim before .
It seems that he is basing this projection on his hope that cellulosic ethanol will deliver according his optimistic projections above .
And if we allow him to influence policy , and cellulosic ethanol does n’t deliver as promised ?
We are in deep trouble , as you all know .
At the 6:10 mark , he is talking about E85 in California .
He says :
Vinod Khosla :
We do n’t have E85 pumps .
The ethanol is there , the cars are there , we just do n’t have any distribution because the oil companies wo n’t do it .
This one left me a bit speechless .
The ethanol is there ?
The spot price of ethanol in California has recently hit $ 4 a gallon .
You can see an 18 - month price graph here .
Here you have a fuel that is more expensive than gasoline ( despite Khosla ’s claim to the contrary ) while delivering less energy .
Why should this be ?
Because the ethanol supply is not really “ there ” ; not in the quantities needed to justify E85 pumps .
You could probably get more ethanol in California , while driving the prices even higher .
And “ oil companies wo n’t do it ” ?
Give me a break , Mr. Khosla .
You ca n’t provide enough ethanol to justify them .
But I have an idea .
You are a billionaire .
Put a couple of your own E85 stations in .
The oil companies ca n’t stop you .
Based on the logic you have laid out , it will be like printing money .
But you will have no scapegoat to blame when things do n’t work out according to your unrealistic projections .
At the 6:30 mark he says :
Vinod Khosla : Even in the U.S. , and this is a conservative number , ethanol costs - most of the plants I look at - costs are about $ 0.90 a gallon to produce .
[ In contrast , slide 5 says gasoline costs $ 1.60 a gallon to produce . ]
Compared to any price you can imagine for gasoline , down to about $ 35 a barrel , ethanol is cheaper .
This is really an extraordinary claim .
Khosla is on the record complaining about record gasoline prices .
He has used very inflammatory language in criticizing oil companies .
He says you are being gouged and ripped off , and that Big Oil is lying to you .
So what are we to make of this graph ?
Figure 2 : Historical Rack Price of Ethanol Versus Gasoline
Source : http://www.neo.state.ne.us/statshtml/66.html
Ethanol prices have been consistently higher than gasoline prices for 25 years .
Let ’s just look at the CBT closing from 7 -21 - 06 .
Ethanol closed at $ 2.80 a gallon , and gasoline closed at $ 2.29 a gallon .
( The ethanol companies get to sell their ethanol at $ 2.80 , but the purchaser receives a $ 0.51 / gallon credit in an attempt to bring it to parity with gasoline ) .
According to my math , if ethanol producers are making ethanol for $ 0.90 a gallon , and selling ethanol for $ 2.80 a gallon , they are making a lot more per gallon than gasoline producers .
So , who is ripping off whom ?
Why does Khosla insist that oil companies are gouging , but does n’t say a word about what appears to be even worse gouging by ethanol companies ?
This reeks of hypocrisy , but perhaps it can be explained by referring back to Khosla ’s Wikipedia biography : “ He is known to have invested heavily in ethanol companies , in hopes of widespread adoption . ”
Say what you want about me .
I work for an oil company .
You can suspect my motives all you want .
But I acknowledge up front that gasoline should not be the basis of our future energy policy , and I acknowledge the problems from wide - scale use of fossil fuels .
I advocate conservation and alternatives that make sense .
And at the end of the day , I support my arguments .
Khosla , on the other hand , is guilty of using some pretty unsavory tactics and making a lot of bald assertions in promoting ethanol ( coincidentally , boosting his chances of making money ) .
Note that we are now just 7:00 into the video , and so far we have seen false claims , misinformation , and now hypocrisy .
Need I go on ?
I have listened to the video presentation twice now , and this continues throughout the presentation .
He presents facts that are fictitious , and he runs down oil companies every chance he gets in order to win support for his argument .
I wo n’t address the entire presentation , but there are two more common arguments that he makes that warrant debunking .
At the 21:30 mark , Khosla makes the following claim :
Vinod Khosla : Ethanol has a subsidy , but the farmer does n’t get any of that .
What I heard , is that well past midnight when this was being debated in the conference committee , the oil companies inserted 2 words into the language , calling this subsidy a blender ’s credit .
So the person who is blending it with gasoline gets it .
All $ 2 billion of it last year was collected by the oil companies .
Like they needed more money .
It ’s unfortunate , but that ’s the way the system works .
I talked to one of the senator ’s aides who was in the conference room , and he said they got to 1 a.m. , and were still negotiating , and oil guys were willing to stay there .
This one is chock full of lies , hearsay , and innuendos .
First of all , what of the claim that “ oil companies inserted 2 words into the language ” ?
Does n’t he realize that oil companies can’t insert language into a bill ?
Does Khosla realize that this blender ’s credit has been in existence since 1980 ?
Did he talk to a senator ’s aide who was in the room 26 years ago when this bill was passed ?
Does he feel bad about passing on hearsay ?
( Wait until I tell everyone what I heard about Khosla ) .
Here ’s the funny thing about the blender ’s credit :
Who does it really benefit ?
You answer that question by looking at the groups who are lobbying to keep the credit : Ethanol producers , farmers , lobbyists for both groups , and farm - state politicians .
Oil companies have argued that the subsidy be ended .
The credit is designed to make ethanol competitively priced with gasoline .
If the blender is getting the credit , they can buy ethanol at $ 3.50 a gallon , sell it at $ 3.00 , and break even .
The credit is being passed on , which is the only reason E85 blends are ever less expensive than gasoline .
( However , lately the price of ethanol has been so high that even the credit ca n’t bring the price into parity with gasoline ) .
If the subsidy was going to the ethanol producers , then instead of selling the ethanol at $ 3.50 a gallon , they would have to drop the price to $ 3.00 a gallon in order to move product .
In that case , they would pocket the subsidy .
Either way , they made the same amount of money , and the cost to the oil companies was exactly the same .
Yet Khosla has to paint this as one more way that the big , bad oil companies are ripping people off .
I suppose we should just trust him .
At the 34:10 mark , Khosla brings up another old canard :
Vinod Khosla : Corn ethanol has 1.2 to 1.8 the energy compared to the energy in .
By the way , petroleum is 0.8 , so ethanol is about twice as good as petroleum .
Because they always forget to mention that petroleum does n’t produce a unit of energy out for every unit in .
There ’s transportation , there ’s refining , there ’s all those costs .
If Khosla ’s credibility was n’t already in tatters , then it should be now .
The energy balance of corn ethanol is significantly worse than for gasoline .
The 1.2 for ethanol versus 0.8 for petroleum is comparing apples and oranges .
They are looking at an efficiency in the case of petroleum , but an EROEI in the case of ethanol .
If you want to compare apples to apples , the EROEI for petroleum , even in a poor field , is 10 / 1 or better .
Throw in the refining step , which is also 10/1 , and you have an EROEI of 5 / 1 or better for gasoline , compared to 1.2 or so for corn ethanol .
On the other hand , the efficiency of corn ethanol is 20 - 30 % ( versus the 80 % he mentions for petroleum ) .
If you doubt this , do a simple experiment .
Let ’s say you have 1 BTU of energy to invest .
Tell me how many BTUs you will end up with if you invest into ethanol , versus investing into petroleum .
Work the problem out , and you will see why Khosla ’s claim , repeated by ethanol proponents everywhere , is completely bogus .
Something Smells Fishy
Let ’s recap .
Khosla says that ethanol is significantly cheaper to produce than gasoline , that Brazil has shown us the way , that there are “ significant carbon emission reductions ” , and oh , by the way , it has an energy balance twice as good as petroleum .
Yet despite all of those supposed advantages , he is requesting legislation and funding an initiative in California , in order to level the playing field .
Who is he kidding ?
Khosla is trying to hedge his bets .
He invests in ethanol producers , and then tries to influence legislation to help out those producers .
Yet with all of those claimed advantages , if Khosla believes what he is saying he should spend less time lobbying , and more time building his own cellulosic ethanol plants and E85 pumps .
One wonders why he does n’t .
Seriously , if you had a product that is as good as claimed , would you spend any time lobbying for even more advantages ?
No , unless the product really is n’t as good as advertised .
My Position
I am a staunch advocate for energy independence .
But the core problem is that we use far too much energy .
We can legislate and mandate E85 all we want , but we ca n’t mandate it into existence .
Forcing nation - wide adoption of ethanol makes about as much sense as mandating that all 50 states grow mangoes :
Yeah , it could be done , but at what price ?
And is it sustainable ?
Despite my harsh assessment of Khosla in this essay , I do believe that he deeply cares about energy independence .
He is enthusiastic about his product , and charming in his delivery .
I just believe he has let his enthusiasm ( and possibly his investments ) cloud his judgment .
I would like to see him take a more critical examination of the claims he is repeating .
His presentation slides were slick , but his research , as I documented in this essay , was shoddy .
The only reason he has gotten away with it with so many people is because of his reputation , which was forged in an entirely different industry .
If oil companies lobby against windfall profits taxes , they are “ evil ” , and “ standing in the way of progress ” .
But Khosla is lobbying , and his efforts promise to put money in his pocket .
Personally , I find this behavior unethical , especially when he criticizes the lobbying efforts of his opposition .
I strongly support heavily funding research into cellulosic ethanol .
It has the potential , with some technological breakthroughs , of making a contribution toward energy independence .
However , counting on it to deliver , while more viable options are pushed to the background , is incredibly foolish energy policy .
This is too serious an issue to allow someone like Khosla , who is clearly misinformed ( and has a vested financial interest ) , to dominate the debate .
I will not quietly allow that to happen .
None of us can afford to .
By Texyt Staff - Thu ,
05/31/2007 - 10:24 .
Many stores operated by AT&T , the exclusive carrier for Apple 's iPhone mobile phone , will have only a handful of phones in stock initially , according to analysts who surveyed AT&T staff .
Stores revealed that they expect to have the first iPhones on their shelves on June 15 ( Update : Apple says June 29 , see below ) .
“ Most stores only expect to have a few iPhones on hand initially , ” said Matthew Kather of WR Hambrecht & Co in a research briefing yesterday .
There were few exceptions amongst the retail stores Kather surveyed , although staff at one store told him they expected to have 40 , he said .
While Apple earlier announced it expects to ship the iPhone in “ late June ” , some retail stores predicted they will have it as early as June 15 , Kather said .
Other stores do not expect to get the phone until one week after that date .
If the iPhone does hit store shelves by June 15 , this would require a shipping date at least several days earlier than implied by Apple in its most recent 10 - Q financial filing .
Strong Demand
“ Pent - up demand at Cingular stores appears very strong , with about 15 to 20 percent of the stores we contacted keeping a waiting list for customers interested to purchase it , ” he reported .
Apple will also sell the iPhone through its own store network , and it will be sold online by both Apple and AT&T .
AT&T has recently rebranded its Cingular network as AT&T Wireless .
Two months ago , a report from Prudential Equity Group Analyst Jesse Tortora claimed that Apple was hoping to sell “ a majority ” of iPhones through its own stores .
Tortora cited unamed Apple executives as the source of his information , according to AppleInsider
Kather predicts that further new products from Apple will continue to drive growth this year and next .
He speculates that Apple CEO Steve Jobs may reveal new details of iPhone software in his keynote speech at the Worldwide Developers Conference on June 11 .
Update June 3 : In advertising released today , Apple has announced June 29 as its launch date for the iPhone , strongly suggesting that the earlier dates given by AT&T staff are incorrect - or that although the phone may be in stock on those earlier dates , it will not be on sale .
Alli is a new over - the - counter weight - loss pill which , predictably enough , has proven to be a massive best - seller from the moment it became available .
The drug , manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline , reportedly works by blocking the absorption of excess fats by the body .
And folks are waddling , not walking , to their local drug stores for a chance to get started on the Alli " program . "
As is the case with most drugs , Alli comes with a risk of certain side effects .
Or , as they 're known on the company website , treatment effects .
A person is reportedly limited to 15 grams of fat per meal , and if they go over ( or even if they do n't ) , there 's a significant chance they 'll find themselves out behind a shopping center somewhere , crying and clutching a wad of horrifyingly soiled underwear , searching for a place to ditch it .
As best as I can tell , anyway ...
Since a lot of this stuff is couched in language that is technically truthful , but very carefully worded , I 've taken it upon myself to go through the list of side ( treatment ) effects and warnings , and translate it all into layman 's terms .
I 'm no scientist or doctor , and do n't pretend to have any special knowledge .
I 'm just a person who 's fairly good with words and reading between the lines ...
The highlighted phrases below are direct quotes from the Alli website , with my translations in between .
Undigested fat cannot be absorbed and passes through the body naturally .
The excess fat is not harmful .
In fact , you may recognize it in the toilet as something that looks like the oil on top of a pizza .
Here the drug makers are trying to soothe the nerves of the skeptical fatty , by speaking their language .
Pizza is something fatties understand , and a big part of the reason they ’re interested in Alli to begin with .
Pizza is good , pizza is reassuring … even when it ’s flowing from your ass like molten lava .
The website mentions seeing the undigested fat in a toilet , but that ’s clearly a best case scenario .
You might also see it on the tops of your shoes , across the hood of a car , or way up the shower curtain , near the loops .
The fat passes out of your body , so you may have bowel changes , known as treatment effects .
Bowel changes .
Notice how they phrase that ?
It means stuff will be happening the likes of which you could never have imagined .
It ’ll be like a daily Dean Koontz novel inside your underwear .
You may get : gas with oily spotting
You ’ll be farting Wesson oil straight through your Dockers …
loose stools
and having violent chipped beef explosions ...
more frequent stools that may be hard to control
all the time , with a sphincter that can no longer be counted as a friend .
Eating a low - fat diet lowers the chance of these bowel changes .
Limit fat intake in your meals to an average of 15 grams .
The McDonald ’s Big Mac has 34 grams of fat , and the Burger King Whopper has 40 .
Eat either of these while taking Alli , and you ’ll very likely be transformed into a diarrhea cannon .
Learning how to manage treatment effects is an important part of being successful with alli .
Here 's how to take control :
Start trimming fat from your diet now , even before you begin taking alli .
Then pick a day to begin taking alli , such as a weekend day so you can stay close to home if you experience a treatment effect .
Make the timing work for you .
If you 're getting ready to travel or attend a social event , hold off on starting with alli until the event is over
Blowing liquid feces down a row of bridesmaids , for instance , could be viewed negatively in certain circles .
Further , an unexpected bout of the power - squirts while riding “ The Bullet ” at the county fair might not ingratiate you with your friends .
Or anyone on the fairway .
Or the folks in the parking lot walking to their cars .
While no one likes experiencing treatment effects , they might help you think twice about eating questionable fat content .
If you think of it like that , alli can act like a security guard for your late - night cravings
You see , when you think about it , shitting yourself is actually a positive .
You can't " save fat grams " from lunch and " spend them " at dinner .
Spread your daily fat gram allowance of 15 grams on average per meal over the whole day Cheating can lead to embarrassment , tears , and the introduction of a frantically constructed toilet paper crack - wedge in the bathroom of an Applebee's .
It ’s simply not worth it .
You may feel an urgent need to go to the bathroom .
Until you have a sense of any treatment effects , it 's probably a smart idea to wear dark pants , and bring a change of clothes with you to work
Until you get the hang of it , you should probably take along a rolling suitcase full of brown clothes everywhere you go , while taking Alli .
Luckily , however , turd - colored clothing is in this season ; turd is the new vomit .
If co-workers ask about it , there is no shame in telling the truth .
You might be surprised how understanding folks can be if you simply say , “ I dress like this to conceal the poop that 's constantly soaking through the seat of my pants . ”
You may not usually get gassy , but it 's a possibility when you take alli .
The bathroom is really the best place to go when that happens
Showboating is not recommended .
You can use a food journal to recognize what foods can lead to treatment effects .
For example , writing down what you eat may help you learn that marinara sauce is a better option than Alfredo sauce
In addition to a handcart full of extra pants designed to camouflage your anal leakage , it might also be a good idea to carry a schematic and information wheel , so you do n't repeat past mistakes and have a treatment effect halfway up your back .
I hope this information has proven to be valuable .
Jeff Kay ’s first novel , Crossroads Road , is available now at Amazon , the Kindle Store , and NOOKBooks .
Study finds HPV , throat cancer link in both sexes Throat cancer added to list of diseases caused by HPV
Study finds oral sex transmits virus in men and women
The virus that causes cervical cancer , the subject of heated debate in Austin , also sharply increases the risk of throat cancer for both men and women engaging in oral sex , according to a new study .
The study found that people who have had more than five oral - sex partners in their lifetime are 250 percent more likely to develop throat cancer than those who do not have oral sex .
The cancer at one time was thought to be caused only by alcohol or tobacco .
" This study provides clear evidence that the human papillomavirus is a risk factor for throat cancer , " said Dr. Maura Gillison , a Johns Hopkins oncologist and the study 's senior author .
" Health care providers need to know that these cancers can occur in people that do n't smoke or drink . "
Gillison stressed that the immune system usually clears HPV on its own .
She said that just as few women with HPV in their genital tract get cervical cancer , most people with an oral infection probably will not go on to develop throat cancer .
But Gillison and others noted that the finding could explain why throat cancer , which includes the tonsils and back part of the tongue , is on the increase in nonsmokers in their 30s , 40s and 50s .
Historically , it has occurred among heavy smokers and drinkers in their 60s and 70s .
Those numbers are down .
The study , published in today 's New England Journal of Medicine , comes a week after the Texas Legislature overturned Gov. Rick Perry 's order requiring schoolgirls to be vaccinated against HPV .
Perry chastised lawmakers Tuesday but declined to veto the bill .
The study could shift the debate to whether the HPV vaccine eventually should be required of both males and females .
Not only is the throat - cancer risk higher in men , noted Gillison , but if you add HPV - associated throat , anal and penile cancers , the virus causes as many cancers in men as women .
Effective for men
The vaccine , known as Gardasil , is approved only for females 11 and older .
There have been some studies done with males , but they have not been analyzed .
Gillison said she does n't see any reason why the vaccine would n't be effective for throat cancers or men .
Dr. Erich Sturgis , a University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center professor of head and neck surgery , called the study " very important " and said it provides the best proof to date of the risk oral sex poses for throat cancer .
" Partners of women who have abnormal Pap smears should be aware they 're at risk , " Sturgis said .
" They should refrain from oral sex until the matter is resolved . "
Sturgis said M.D. Anderson is working on similar research it hopes to publish .
There are 11,000 HPV - associated cases of throat cancer a year , slightly more than the number diagnosed as cervical cancer .
There is no simple swab test to indicate early onset of throat cancer .
The treatment , surgery or intensive chemotherapy and radiation , is considered particularly difficult and causes speaking and eating problems .
Greatest risk factor
Gillison 's team took blood and saliva samples from 100 patients with throat cancer — 86 males and 14 females — and 200 healthy people .
They also collected information about participants ' sexual history .
The study found people who had a prior infection with HPV were 32 times more likely to have throat cancer than those with no evidence of having the virus .
Those who tested positive for a particularly aggressive strain , HPV - 16 , were 58 times more likely .
The virus was transmitted by both fellatio and cunnilingus .
Most of the participants were married heterosexuals .
HPV is ubiquitous , infecting men and women in equal numbers .
Gillison said one study has found that , at any time , 10 percent of women have it .
Gillison had conducted previous research showing an association between oral sex , HPV and cancer but wanted to know whether those cases were a fluke .
The study , she said , found HPV was the greatest risk factor , dwarfing the contribution of alcohol and tobacco .
Gillison said she expects in time HPV - associated oral cancers will outpace those caused by alcohol and tobacco use .
The study mostly was funded by the Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation .
The same issue of the New England Journal featured two large studies demonstrating Gardasil is almost 100 percent effective in preventing cervical cancer .
The studies , involving nearly 18,000 girls and women , found Gardasil is much more effective when given before women become sexually active .
todd.ackerman@chron.com
初級編
viクローン のVimは 、Emacsと並ぶオープンソース・エディタの巨頭である。このエディタは、単にviのオープンソース版というだけではなく、スクリプトやプラグインによる高い拡張性といったオリジナルのviにない特徴も備えている。しかし、viから引き継いだ独特の操作法から、Vimを敬遠している向きも少なくないようだ。そこで以下では、Vimの操作を習得する、あるいはVimをもっと活用するためのハウツーを紹介する。2007年11月13日更新：中級編に「Vimのステータスラインをより有効に活用する設定法」を追加
Vim 最初の一歩
Vimの簡単な始め方 2007年04月13 日
Vimの無数の機能と柔軟さはベテランのユーザにとっては大きな利点であるが、初心者にとっての敷居を高くしてしまっているというのも事実だ。あなたがもし、Vimを使いたいとずっと思っていながらも初めて試したときにうんざりしたきりそのままになっているなら、VimをGUIで使用する方法とVimの easyモードについて知ることからVimを少しずつ始めてみよう。この記事は、今までにあまりVimを使ったことがないが、これからゆっくりと挑戦してみようと思っている人のための手引きだ。 ［記事全文］
キーバインドを変更し てVimアレルギーを治す
Vim / gVimをユーザフレンドリなエディタに変えるCream 2007年05月21 日
私は基本的 にEmacs愛好派なのだが、時と場合によってはvi系エディタを使用せざるを得ないことがあり、そうした際にはviクローンのVimをグラフィカル化したgVimを使うことが多い。ただし絶対的な使用頻度が少なすぎるため、gVimの基本コマンドすらうろ覚えなのが実際だ。たいていは、試行錯誤的に操作手順を思い出すか、あるいは手あかの染み込んだ『vi Editor Pocket Reference』（日本語版）に手を伸ばすしかない。そんな状態が一変したのがCreamの存在を知ったときだ。 ［記事全文］
中級編
コマンド入力だけじゃもったいない
[ new ]
Vimのステータスラインをより有効に活用する設定法
2007年11月06 日
Vimエディタのウィンドウ下部には、コマンドラインバッファ（コマンドの入力部）とステータスラインという2種類の役割を果たす行が設けられている。このうちデフォルト設定下のVimでステータスラインに表示される情報は単純すぎて大した役には立たないが、このステータスラインの表示については、簡単な設定をいくつか施すことでより有効に利用することができる。 ［記事全文］
スクリプトの追加 でVimをパワーアップ！
Vim生活を快適にする5つのスクリプト 2007年06月11 日
Vimエディタはスクリプト経由で動作を変更することができる。そのため、生産性を上げることができるスクリプトや、ずっと欲しかった機能をVimに追加することができるスクリプトなど、何百というスクリプトがVimコミュニティによって作成されている。この記事では、中でも特に便利だと思われるものを5つ紹介する。 ［記事全文］
Bash Supportプラグインで快適なシェルスクリプト作成環境を
Vimをbash 用IDEとして利用する 2007年06月13 日
Vimはそのままでもシェルプログラミング用の非常に優れたエディタだが、ほんの少し調整するだけで、スクリプトを書くための本格的なIDEに変身もする。Vimの調整は自分で行なうことも可能だが、Fritz Mehner氏によ るBash Supportプラグインをインストールすれば手軽に行なうことができる。 ［記事全文］
上級編
Cscope をVimから利用する
CscopeとSilentBobによるソースコードの解析 2007年03月13 日
よく知らないプロジェクトのソースコードは、プログラムの構造や、そのプロジェクト独特の関数、クラス、ユニットの意味を知らないまま見ていくことになる。タグを使ってそれぞれの定義を参照できるものの、すべての定義をひとつひとつ検分していくだけで全体像を把握するのは難しい。こうした馴染みのないソースコードの解析に役立つのが、CscopeとSilentBobという2つのツールだ。 ［記事全文］
番外編
42 % less likely to commit suicide than thin men are .
new study found that among men , risk of death from suicide is strongly inversely related to BMI ( Body Mass Index ) , not to height or to physical activity .
In fact , obese men areless likely to commit suicide than thin men are .
This finding appears consistent with our commmen sense - ( 1 ) fat men have more insulin , which means more serotonin , which means less depression .
So fewer fat men are depressed enough to commit suicide .
( 2 ) severe depression makes you thinner before it makes you kill yourself .
Taxi's are seen on a street in New York in this file photo .
The price of a license to operate a New York taxi cab hit a record $ 600,000 in May , according to a lending company which financed the purchase .
REUTERS / Jeff Christensen
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The price of a license to operate a New York taxi cab hit a record $ 600,000 in May , according to a lending company which financed the purchase .
Medallion Financial Corporation said it had financed the purchase of two medallions -- the license to operate a yellow cab in New York -- for a total of $ 1.2 million by a large corporate fleet operator .
“ Prices of corporate medallions have increased from $ 195,000 in 2001 to the record $ 600,000 this week , ” Andrew Murstein , president of the lending company , said in a statement on Tuesday .
It said the previous record was about $ 550,000 .
New York has around 13,000 yellow cabs .
A typical $ 10 fare would cover a trip from the Empire State Building in Midtown Manhattan to the Financial District at the south of the island , assuming no time stuck in traffic and without a tip .
Tags
It 's tax time again .
Although many Americans will have to work beyond April 15 just to make enough to pay their taxes ( Tax Freedom Day falls on April 30 this year ) , the income tax is the tax that infuriates Americans the most .
And rightly so , since it is the primary means of funding the interventionist - welfare state .
According to the Congressional Budget Office , the total revenue of the federal government during its most recently completed fiscal year ( FY 2006 ) was $ 2.406 trillion .
Individual income taxes accounted for $ 1.043 trillion of the government 's total take .
Besides individual income taxes , the government 's revenue also comes from corporate income taxes , social insurance taxes , excise taxes , estate and gift taxes , customs duties , and miscellaneous receipts .
Individual income taxes could painlessly be eliminated if federal spending was simply reduced to about the level it was at the beginning of the previous administration .
Unfortunately , however , no recent tax reform proposal even addresses the issue of giving the federal government less money to spend .
There is no shortage of tax reform proposals currently being promoted .
Although they are all quite dissimilar , there are some common themes that proponents of these plans emphasize : the complexity of the current tax code , the abuses of the IRS , loopholes that allow some individuals to avoid paying their fair share , and the millions of dollars and hours wasted on compliance and enforcement costs .
Advocates of the various tax reform proposals not only promise that their plans will reduce complexity , tame the IRS , close loopholes , improve fairness , and reduce compliance and enforcement costs , they will also make us more prosperous , invigorate the economy , create jobs , reduce the tax burden on the middle class , promote economic growth , and make us more competitive overseas .
Yet all of these plans are doomed from the beginning as a solution to the wealth - destroying , redistributionist , success - punishing , social engineering , welfare state - funding tax code because they ignore the real problem .
The Flat Tax
An income tax with a flat rate , such as that advocated by Steve Forbes in his book Flat Tax Revolution ( Regnery , 2005 ) , is one proposed alternative to our current income tax system with six brackets ( 10 , 15 , 25 , 28 , 33 , and 35 % ) .
Under Forbes 's flat tax plan , there would be a flat rate of 17 percent with " generous exemptions for adults and children " that can be filed on a form about the size of a postcard .
The Forbes plan would eliminate the estate tax and the Alternative Minimum tax , as well as taxes on capital gains , Social Security benefits , interest earned , and dividends received ; it would not eliminate Social Security taxes , Medicare taxes , or federal excise taxes .
But rather than being a real flat tax , like the Medicare tax of 2.9 percent that everyone pays , Forbes 's flat tax is a highly progressive tax that shifts the tax burden to the middle and upper classes that have earned income .
Because of its " generous exemptions for adults and children , " it ends up having tax brackets like the current system .
And with its refundable tax credit of $ 1,000 per child and its refundable Earned Income Tax Credit , the flat tax perpetuates a welfare scheme .
I have critiqued Forbes 's Flat Tax Plan in detail here .
The FairTax
Another proposed tax reform measure is a consumption tax in the form of a national retail sales tax ( NRST ) called the FairTax .
Legislation to this effect has been introduced in Congress by John Linder ( R - GA ) .
The most prominent advocate of the FairTax has been syndicated radio talk show host Neal Boortz .
Linder and Boortz are the authors of The FairTax Book ( Regan Books , 2005 ) .
The FairTax would replace income taxes , capital gains taxes , social insurance taxes , excise taxes , estate taxes , gift taxes , Social Security taxes , and Medicare taxes with a NRST of 23 percent on all new goods and services .
In addition , every family in America would receive a monthly " prebate " check from the federal government to be reimbursed for the taxes paid on " the basic necessities of life . "
The rate of the FairTax is actually 30 percent , not 23 percent .
FairTax advocates obtain the number of 23 percent because they figure the rate inclusively ( the tax is included in the price of the product ) rather than exclusively ( the tax is added to the price of the product ) .
Although proponents of the FairTax talk about how it would eliminate the IRS , it would do nothing but change its name and function .
The FairTax plan creates new taxes , new taxpayers , and new tax collectors .
Because it makes it easier for the federal government to raise taxes , institutes universal welfare with its prebate check , is even more progressive than our current system , and has unknown and potentially huge transition costs , the FairTax should not be considered an incremental step toward more liberty and less government .
I have critiqued Linder and Boortz 's FairTax Plan in detail here .
Other Tax Reform Proposals
Although the Flat Tax and the FairTax plans usually take center stage , there are some other tax reform proposals out there .
Dale Jorgenson , an economist at Harvard University , advocates an income tax plan called the Efficient Taxation of Income .
It would tax earned income at a flat rate of 10 percent and property - type income at a rate of 30 percent .
Another proposal is the Business Transfer Tax .
This is a value - added tax based on the difference between revenues and purchases for all enterprises and employers .
It substitutes rebates for exemptions , deductions , and credits .
Government Tax Reform
Ever wanting to increase its revenue while making people feel better about paying their taxes , the federal government has also gotten in on the tax reform racket .
The President 's Advisory Panel on Federal Tax Reform has recommended two tax reform proposals .
The Simplified Income Tax Plan would create four tax brackets .
Although it would still tax interest received at regular income tax rates , it would exclude from taxation 100 percent of dividends and 75 percent of corporate - stock capital gains .
The Growth and Investment Tax Plan would create three tax brackets and tax dividends , capital gains , and interest received at a rate of 15 percent .
Both plans would replace the personal exemption , standard deduction , and child tax credit with a family credit .
The earned income tax credit and home mortgage interest deduction would be replaced with different programs .
The Problem
The problem with every one of these tax reform plans is a simple one : they are designed to be revenue neutral .
Every federal agency , every federal program , every pound of federal pork — will be funded exactly as it is now .
But funding Bush 's new $ 3 trillion budget is not " fair " to American taxpayers no matter how the money is taken from them .
The concept of " revenue neutrality " is one that all advocates of liberty and limited government should be suspicious of .
All revenue - neutral tax reform proposals allow Congress to maintain its spending orgy while appearing to lower taxes .
The federal government is always the winner under any tax reform plan that is revenue neutral .
These proposals merely shift the debate from how much wealth the federal government confiscates from its citizens to the manner in which it is done .
The real problem is the bloated , profligate monstrosity that the federal government has become .
The Solution
Those of us who believe that taxation is theft , and that there is nothing " fair " about the federal government seizing a portion of its citizens ' income or confiscating 23 or 30 percent of the value of every new good or service , are often told that we support the current tax system with its 54,000 pages of Internal Revenue Code because we do n't jump for joy over any of the abovementioned tax reform plans .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
We just believe that a tax plan that perpetuates the welfare state and pays for the warfare state is not the solution .
Obviously , the " best " tax reform plan , from the standpoint of liberty and less government , would be to eliminate taxes entirely .
None of us are naïve enough to think that will ever happen as long as we have the state to deal with .
However , in the mean time , the next best type of tax reform is one that results in a substantial lowering of the amount of taxes collected .
If taxes are cut by a large enough amount , then no one will be too concerned about how the government collects its taxes .
Real tax reform begins with the drastic reduction of taxes and tax rates .
Critics of real tax reform ( those who espouse " revenue neutral " tax reform plans ) have been quick to criticize the rest of us because ( so they say ) all we do is shoot down their tax reform proposals and never offer any of our own .
Therefore , as a first step toward real tax reform , I would like to show , in very simple terms , how individual income taxes could painlessly be eliminated : reduce federal spending to the level it was at the beginning of the previous administration .
At the beginning of this article I said that the total revenue of the federal government during its most recently completely fiscal year was $ 2.406 trillion and that individual income taxes collected during this period were $ 1.043 trillion .
This means that if you subtract the income taxes collected from total revenue you end up with $ 1.363 trillion for the federal government to spend .
That is just a little less than the government spent during the fiscal year in which Clinton began his first term .
Are income taxes evil ?
Yes .
Should they be eliminated ?
Yes .
Would it be a terrible thing if the federal government still spent over $ 1 trillion ?
Yes .
But it is a start .
It is real tax reform .
With no income tax , there will be no capital gains tax , no withholding tax , no EITC welfare program , and no refundable child credit welfare program — all without a NRST .
All of this , of course , depends on Congress .
Although it is true that the president submits a budget to Congress , it is Congress that ultimately decides on the amount of federal spending .
It is only because we have a monstrous welfare / warfare state that the government " needs " to collect an income tax .
The beginning of Clinton 's presidency was not that long ago .
The income tax can be abolished .
It can be done quickly ; it can be done painlessly — and it can be done for the benefit of the American taxpayer instead of the federal leviathan .
Now that is real tax reform .
Well that little surrender of yours on the Iraq supplemental was quite effective .
Bush just went on TV , praised how all of your bad un -American ideas were struck from the bill , and then he told the country that you still have too much pork in the bill .
So , basically , he just made fools of you .
He attacked , you caved in order to stop the attack , and he attacked again .
No one could have predicted that .
Speaking of being made a fool , let ’s hear from Congressman Jim Moran ( D - VA ) .
Congressman Moran thinks that if we just cave enough to the Republicans , they ’ll stop being mean to us .
From Congressional Quarterly :
Democrats were particularly worried about the prospect of Bush declaring at wreath - laying ceremonies that “ Democrats have stopped resources for the troops , ” said Rep. Artur Davis , D - Ala .
“ The problem is that we have to provide money for the troops , and if we do n’t , the Democrats will be blamed , ” added Rep. James P. Moran , D - Va. , a war opponent .
“ Bush has the bully pulpit , so he will define who is responsible . ”
Is he joking ?
Bush is going to call us names , so we ’d better cave so that he does n’t call us names .
First , you ’re a big boy , you can handle Bush calling you names .
I do n’t think it ’s a fair trade off , congressman , sending 200,000 American troops to die for a lie because you ’re afraid of being called names .
Second , you honestly think that Bush and the Republicans are going to stop questioning your patriotism so long as you cave to them on every issue ?
Are you high ?
You caved , and now he ’s bashing you again .
The only one surprised is you .
OMG !
Like the emotionally stunted Slashdot Fanboys ( pictured below ) have totally discovered Cute Overload .
W00t !
Since they 're all l33t hax0rs , who are smarter than all of us combined , we should relinquish the comments and let them debate :
1. Why Microsoft sux !
2 . Why you are so lame for not encoding your music to Ogg Vorbis .
What a luser !
You probably listen to Britney anyway , so what 's the point .
3 . Why Jerry Taylor is , like , a total dick .
4 . How you should delete Windoze and install FC5 .
It 's like totally easy to use .
5 . Some endlessly stupid circular argument that got started because one of their egos is as delicate as a butterfly fart .
So everyone put away their My Little Pony dolls and pop an Anime disc in your DVD , because the comments sections are going to be worthless until the Slashdot Effect passes .
Then again , if you 're really nice and bat your eyelashes , you can probably convince one of these guys to fix your WiFi connection .
( You , like , totally should be running WPA2 security .
* snort* * snort * )
And for every Fanboy that buys a t- shirt , we 'll set you up on your first date .
LOL !
I 'm sorry , you have zero respect for the troops when you send them to die simply because you 're too embarrassed to admit that you screwed up .
George Bush botched this war from day one .
Even John McCain , who now is Bush 's biggest defender of how " great " the war is supposedly going , admits that we should have sent far more troops initially - but we did n't .
It has been a downward spiral in Iraq from the day we captured Baghdad .
We should have kept our eye on the ball , our eye on catching Osama - but we did n't .
Imagine had we sent 150,000 American troops to Afghanistan instead of Iraq .
Would Osama could have gotten away if we 'd sent our service members to Afghanistan instead of Iraq ?
This war is lost .
It 's been a disaster for years , and the Republicans , led by George Bush , are afraid to admit that they 've made a mistake .
This war is lost .
And anyone who sends even one US soldier into harm 's way simply because he does n't have the courage to admit he 's made a terrible mistake - that person is a coward .
That person is not someone who gives a dammn about our troops .
You do n't send our troops to risk their lives for a lie .
You do n't send our troops to their deaths for a war that is already lost .
Sometimes , when you 're commander in chief is an idiot , you lose .
This is one of those times .
This is the 2nd part to my previous post , Squeak is like an operating system .
It ’s easy to get lulled into the notion when programming in Smalltalk that you can use it like you would a programming language that is separated from the OS , that uses libraries , and is only linked in by a loader .
Indeed Smalltalk is a programming language , but more in the sense that Bourne Shell is a programming language on Unix , and you ’re using it logged in as “ root ” .
That ’s a bit of a bad analogy , because I do n’t mean to imply that Smalltalk is a scripting language that uses terse symbols , but the power that you have over the system is the same ( in this case , the Squeak image ) .
In Unix , you manipulate processes and files .
In Squeak , you manipulate objects .
Everything is an object .
I had an interesting “ beginner root ” experience with Squeak recently , and it highlights a difference between Ruby ( file - based ) and Smalltalk ( image - based ) .
Some might judge it in Ruby ’s favor .
I was doing some experimenting in a Workspace .
To further the analogy , think of a Workspace as a command line shell instance in X - Windows .
I had been using a variable called “ duration ” in my code .
It was late .
I was tired ( really interested in what I was doing ) , and I got to a point where I did n’t need this variable .
Cognizant of the fact that in certain workspaces variables hang around , I decided I wanted to get rid of the object it was holding , but I was a bit spacey and could n’t remember the exact spelling of it .
I had already changed the code that used it .
So I evaluated :
duration := nil
and
Duration := nil
just to be sure I got both spellings .
At first nothing weird happened , but then I tried to save the image and quit .
I had forgotten that 1 ) all variables in Smalltalk begin in lower - case , and 2 ) “ Duration ” ( with the capital D ) is the name of a class .
Smalltalk is case - sensitive .
Instead of saving , I got an exception dialog saying “ Message Not Understood ” .
I found the source of the error , and for some mysterious reason , a message being passed to the Duration class seemed to be causing the error .
I inspected “ Duration ” in the code and Smalltalk said “ Unknown object ” .
Alright .
So it was n’t the message .
Still , I thought , “ Huh . Wonder what that ’s about ? ” I ended up just quitting without saving .
I realized the next day the reason I got the error is I had deleted the Duration class from the image ( in memory , not on disk ) !
I confirmed this by trying it again , bringing up a code browser and trying to search for the Duration class .
Nothing .
I thought , “ Wow .
That ’s pretty dangerous , ” just being able to make a spelling error and delete a critical class without warning .
What happened ?
Say you ’re using Unix , and you ’re at the command line , and there ’s a critical executable that Unix uses to calculate the passage of time , called Duration ( I know this would normally involve using a time structure in C and some API calls , but bear with me ) .
What I did would be the equivalent to saying , “ mv Duration / dev/ null ” , and when the system tried to shut down , it could n’t find it , and aborted the shutdown .
I know this sounds weird , because I just said the image on disk was unaltered .
Anything that is actively available as an object in Squeak is in memory , not on disk .
The disk image is roughly equivalent to the file that ’s created when you put your computer into hibernation .
It ’s just a byte for byte copy of what was in memory .
Unix treats directories / files , processes , and shell variables differently .
It treats them each as separate “ species ” .
One does not work like the other , and has no relationship with the other .
I know it ’s often said of Unix that “ everything is a file ” , but there are these distinctions .
Another fundamental difference between Unix and Squeak is Unix is process - oriented .
In Unix , to start up a new process entity , you run an executable with command line arguments .
This can be done via .
GUI menus , but still this is what ’s going on .
In Squeak you run something by passing a message to a class that instantiates one or more new objects .
This is typically done via .
icons and menus , but at heart this is what ’s going on .
Anyway , back to my dilemma .
I was looking to see if there was a way to easily fix this situation , since I considered this behavior to be a bug .
I did n’t like that it did this without warning .
It turned out to be more complicated than I thought .
I realized that it would take a heuristic analyzer to determine that what I was doing was dangerous .
I did a little research , using Google to search the Squeak developers list , looking up the keywords “ Squeak ‘ idiot proof ' ” , and interestingly , the first entry that came up was from 1998 where Paul Fernhout had done something very similar .
He asked , “ Should n’t we prevent this ? ”
Here ’s what he did :
Dictionary become : nil
Dictionary is , again , a class .
become : is a message handled by ProtoObject , the root class of every class in the system .
In this case it makes every variable in the entire system that used to point to Dictionary point to nil .
The method description also says , “ and vice versa ” , which I take to mean that every variable in the system that pointed to the argument in become : would point to Dictionary ( to use the example ) .
I ’m guessing that nil is a special case , but I do n’t know .
Anyway , this caused Squeak to crash .
The consensus that ensued was that this was okay .
Squeak was designed to be a fully modifiable system .
In fact , Alan Kay has often said that he wishes that people would take Squeak and use it to create a better system than itself .
“ Obsolete the darn thing , ” he says .
The argument on the developers list was if it was made crash - proof , anticipating every possible way it could crash , it would become less of what it was intended to be .
Someone feared that , “ if you make it idiot proof , then only idiots will use it . ”
The conclusion seemed to be that Squeak programmers should just follow “ the doctor ’s rule ” :
The patient says , “ It hurts when I do this . ”
The doctor says , “ Well , do n’t do that . ”
I can see that this argument has validity , but in this particular instance , I do n’t like this explanation .
It seems to me that this is an area where some error checking could be easily implemented .
Is n’t it erroneous to put nil in for become : ?
Maybe the answer is no .
I at least have an excuse , since I was using the := operator , which is a primitive , and it ’s much harder to check for this sort of thing in that context .
I also realized that the reason that code browsers can warn you about doing such things easily is they have menu options for doing things like deleting a class , and they throw up a warning if you try to do that .
The browser can clearly make out what you ’re trying to do , and check if there are dependencies on what you ’re deleting .
Checking for “ Duration := nil ” would be akin to a virus scanner looking for suspicious behavior .
I do n’t believe even a browser would pick up on this piece of code .
This example drove home the point for me that Squeak is like an operating system , and I as a developer am logged in as root –I can do anything , which means I can royally screw the system up ( the image ) if I do n’t know what I ’m doing .
I do have a way out of a mess , though , with Squeak .
Fortunately , since it ’s image - based , if I had managed to save a screwed - up image , I could just substitute a working image .
It ’s a good idea to keep a backup “ clean ” image around for such occasions , that you can just make a copy of .
I would n’t need to reinstall the OS ( to use the analogy ) .
It ’s like what people who use virtualization software do to manage different operating systems .
They save disk images of their sessions .
If one becomes screwed up or infected with a virus , they can just substitute a good one and delete the bad one .
Problem solved .
For the most part , I would n’t lose any source code either , because that ’s all saved in changesets , which I could recover ( though Workspaces are only saved if you explicitly save them ) .
Another thing I could ’ve done is opened up another instance of Squeak on a good image , filed out the Duration class ( have Squeak serialize the class definition to a text file ) , and then filed it in ( deserialized it ) , in the corrupted image .
I imagine that would ’ve solved the problem in my case .
Having said all this , I do n’t mean to say that if you ’re a Squeak user , working at a more abstract level , say with eToys , that you ’re likely to experience a crash in the system .
That level of use is pretty stable .
Individual apps .
may crash , and people have complained about apps .
getting messed up in the newer versions , but the system will stay up .
I can understand why some like Ruby .
You get access to Smalltalk - like language features , without having “ root ” access , and thereby the ability to mess things up in the runtime environment .
The core runtime is written in C , which conveys a “ None but the brave enter here ” message .
It ’s compatible with the file - based paradigm that most developers are familiar with .
From what I hear , with the way programming teams are staffed these days at large firms , a technology like Squeak in unskilled hands would probably lead to problems .
It ’s like the saying in Spiderman : “ With power comes responsibility . ”
Squeak gives the programmer a lot of power , and some power to mess things up .
Interestingly , in the 1998 discussion I link to , there was a distinction made between “ shooting yourself in the foot ” in Smalltalk vs. doing the same in a language like C .
The commenter said that a C programmer has to be much more careful than a Squeak programmer does , because a ) pointers in C are dangerous , and b ) you ca n’t avoid using them .
Whereas in Squeak you do n’t have to use facilities that are dangerous to get something useful done .
In fact , if you do screw up , Squeak offers several ways you can recover .
In closing , I ’ll say that just as a seasoned Unix administrator would never say “ rm -r * ” from the root directory ( though Unix would allow such a command to be executed , destructive as it is ) , people learning Squeak come to the realization that they have the full power of the system in their hands , and it behooves them to use it with discipline .
I know that in a Unix shell you can set up an alias for rm that says “ rm - i ” that forces a warning .
I suppose such an option could be built into Squeak if there was the desire for that .
It would depend a lot on context , and Squeak does n’t really embody that concept at this point .
An attempt to prevent the press from repeating British concerns about US military tactics in Iraq , including the killing of civilians in Falluja and President Bush 's alleged suggestion that the offices of the Arabic satellite TV station al - Jazeera should be bombed , was quashed by the appeal court yesterday .
The issue arose during the trial of David Keogh , a Whitehall communications officer , and Leo O'Connor , a former researcher to a Labour MP , jailed under the Official Secrets Act in May for disclosing the contents of minutes of a White House meeting between George Bush and Tony Blair on April 16 2004 .
The contents of the minutes were discussed in camera - in front of the Old Bailey jury but with the press and public barred .
Speculation had been published about the document 's contents , including claims that Mr Bush wanted to bomb al - Jazeera .
The trial judge , Mr Justice Aikens , imposed a sweeping injunction preventing the media from repeating speculation , already published , about the contents of the documents .
Yesterday , in a case brought by the Guardian and other newspapers and broadcasters , Lord Phillips , the lord chief justice , and two appeal court judges ruled the allegations could be repeated by the media .
However , they also ruled that suggestions that those allegations accurately represented evidence given in secret during the trial risked being in contempt of court .
The judges also said the media could not publish a particular phrase uttered in open court by Keogh when he was asked about the document .
The media can , however , say Keogh was said to have described the contents as " abhorrent " and " illegal " , and that he believed the memo exposed Mr Bush as a " madman " .
The court heard that April 2004 was a particularly delicate period in Iraq .
It is known , and was widely reported , that British officials and military commanders were expressing concern about US tactics .
The British were concerned in particular about the US assault on Falluja , including the use of white phosphorus .
Café Lingua is a new company and because we ’re small , we need your help !
We ’re fundraising to be able to construct a café in the Washington D.C. area .
Every purchase of our exclusive # LinguaLife merchandise helps subsidize the cost of our café .
Also , along with helping us construct our café , $ 1 from each purchase will go to a charity such as The Malala Fund or UNICEF in order to support children ’s education around the globe .
A federal watchdog agency planned to inspect the president ’s executive offices in the White House in 2005 for evidence of suspected leaks of classified information , but it was rebuffed by Bush administration officials , congressional investigators have been told .
The report of the White House ’s refusal to be inspected comes amid criticism from congressional Democrats of how President Bush signed an executive order requiring federal agencies to submit to independent oversight of their handling of classified information , but did not enforce it for his office or that of Vice President Dick Cheney .
The blocked inspection was described in an April 23 letter to former White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card from Rep. Henry A. Waxman ( D - Los Angeles ) , who provided a copy of the letter to the Los Angeles Times on Monday .
White House spokeswoman Dana Perino told reporters Monday that the president considered his office and that of the vice president exempt from his directive .
The 2003 executive order addressed a system of safeguards for government agencies aimed at ensuring that classified national security information is properly handled so it does n’t fall into the wrong hands , that improper leaks of such information are investigated promptly , and that government secrets are properly declassified at the appropriate time .
Advertisement
The Information Security Oversight Office , an agency within the federal National Archives and Records Administration , is in charge of the effort , with broad authorities that include inspections of government agencies to make sure that they are in compliance .
The president ’s and vice president ’s offices handle some of the most highly classified national security information .
The controversy flared up last week when Waxman criticized Cheney for rebuffing the agency ’s oversight efforts , saying his office ’s refusal to file annual reports on how much information it was classifying and declassifying had created a potential national security risk .
Waxman also released letters showing that Cheney ’s office had blocked efforts by the oversight agency ’s director , J. William Leonard , to inspect the vice president ’s office in 2003 .
Advertisement
On Monday , Perino said she thought the oversight office had “ had only a complaint about the vice president ’s office , not about other places within the executive branch . ”
But Waxman said the White House in 2005 denied a similar effort by the oversight agency to inspect the executive offices where the president ’s top advisors work , known as the West Wing .
Waxman said investigators from the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform were told of the incident by White House security officers .
It was not clear what prompted the inspection .
The oversight agency has not commented on it .
White House spokesman Tony Fratto said late Monday that he did n’t know of the oversight agency “ requesting anything of the White House .
I ’ve never seen a [ contact ] record or letter from them . ”
Advertisement
Waxman said the executive order gave the agency “ governmentwide authority to conduct on - site inspections of all executive branch offices and agencies to ensure that security programs are effective . ”
But , he told Card , “ the security officers reported that after an initial meeting , a senior White House official intervened and instructed the White House Security Office to block any inspection of the West Wing .
The security officers expressed shock that the Information Security Oversight Office was not permitted to conduct an inspection . ”
Waxman , the chairman of the powerful House oversight committee , told Card that his staff investigators also found numerous problems with the way the White House handled classified information .
That investigation was prompted by a March hearing in which the committee examined the leak by White House officials of the identity of now - retired CIA officer Valerie Plame .
At the March hearing , White House Chief Security Officer James Knodell testified that the White House Security Office never conducted an internal investigation to identify the source of the leaks , did not initiate corrective actions to prevent future breaches , and never considered administrative sanctions or reprimands for officials involved .
Advertisement
Waxman said the failure of the White House to take such steps appeared to be a violation of the executive order Bush signed , which establishes minimum requirements for safeguarding classified information and responding to breaches .
Subsequent interviews with security officials , he said , also uncovered a failure to investigate other security violations , to take corrective action after other breaches , and to physically secure classified information .
“ These security officials described a systemic breakdown in security procedures at the White House , ” Waxman wrote to Card .
Waxman asked Card , who was White House chief of staff until April 2006 , to voluntarily testify before his committee about the problems .
Card declined , Waxman said Monday , but Waxman might still call him to testify .
Advertisement
josh.meyer@latimes.com
Child marriages are an ancient custom
Around 50 pupils in the town of Satkhira took to the streets to demand that Habiba Sultana 's wedding be called off , they say .
Pupils even submitted a petition to police urging them to take action .
Police summoned Habiba 's father and ordered him to stop the girl 's marriage , which they said was illegal .
Her father was told to sign a bond in which he promised not marry off his daughter while she is still a child , the Bangladesh Daily Star reported .
It said that the wedding was to have taken place in the south - western town of Satkhira on Friday .
Police say that Habiba , a student of Abdul Karim Girls ' High School , did not agree when her poverty - stricken father arranged for her to marry a 23 - year - old neighbour .
Police say that she was too frightened to protest .
When she told her friends about the impending wedding , they rallied round and urged her not to go ahead .
Parents of her friends contacted Habiba 's father and tried to stop him from going ahead with the wedding .
Initially he ignored their protests , but changed his mind after the police were alerted and small protests were held outside the school .
Correspondents say that the stand of the schoolgirls has created a stir in the town .
Like many other parts of the country - young people in Satkhira are deferential to their parents and seldom question their commands .
It is not unusual for women to wear trousers in South African cities
Earlier this week , a woman in Umlazi township , near Durban , was stripped naked and her shack burnt down .
Men in the township are demanding that all women wear skirts or dresses .
South Africa 's Gender and Equality Commission told the BBC that this was the first time something like this had happened in the country .
" It is extreme and the issue around this matter is being investigated by the police , " the commission 's Mfanozelwe Shozi told the BBC Network Africa programme .
He said it was not uncommon for women to wear trousers in and around Durban .
Correspondents say men in conservative rural communities in southern Africa sometimes harass women for wearing trousers and short skirts .
Conflict of values
Describing the incident on Sunday , he said the men tore off a woman 's trousers .
I was shocked when I learnt of the incident , because I wear pants myself and am not ashamed to do so
IFP 's Theresa Nzuza
" Unfortunately she did not wear any underpants ; and they also burnt the woman 's shack where she was living , just because she was wearing trousers , " he said .
The incident happened in an area of Umlazi called T section which is a hostelry for men .
" Only men are supposed to stay there - emanating from the apartheid era when people were segregated in terms of areas .
" It 's a place where men live from the rural areas so that they can be nearer their work environment . "
According to South Africa 's Mercury paper , after this a community meeting decided to ban women in the area wearing trousers .
Social anthropologist Prof Anand Singh told the paper the incident was a conflict of values .
" If one looks at South African societies , they are all patriarchal and it is difficult for people who assume authoritative roles in homes to adjust to women assuming their own roles and status within society , " he said .
The Gender and Equality Commission and local politicians have condemned the actions .
" I was shocked when I learnt of the incident , because I wear pants myself and am not ashamed to do so .
It is also not forbidden by our party , " the paper quotes Theresa Nzuza from the Inkatha Freedom Party as saying .
As a planet , Pluto was a real dog .
Now scientists say there may be something truly fishy about one the little world 's three known moons .
Astronomers have announced they have evidence that , despite the bitterly cold conditions on the edge of the solar system , Pluto 's moon Charon may have an underground ocean of liquid water , triggering speculation it could harbour marine life .
The water appears to be spewing up through cracks in the surface , producing spectacular geysers that instantly freeze , creating showers of ice .
Jedi Master Kit Fisto , Jedi Knight Nahdar Vebb , and a squad of clone troopers undertook a mission in 22 BBY during the Clone Wars to recapture Trade Federation Viceroy Nute Gunray , who had recently escaped from Republic custody .
However , Confederate Head of State Count Dooku , displeased with General Grievous 's recent failures in the war , used a Republic homing beacon to lure the Jedi and clones to the general 's castle on the third moon of Vassek as a test for Grievous .
Gunray deceived the Jedi and troopers through a holotransmission , and once they uncovered the ploy , Dooku contacted the Republic agents and put them on the trail of the " alternative prize " of Grievous .
The Jedi and their troops set a trap for Grievous and confronted the cyborg general once he arrived .
However , Grievous was able to eliminate several clone troopers , and after sustaining injuries , escape to the castle 's secret command center .
Sealing off the exits , the Confederate general trapped the Jedi and clones inside his castle .
While Grievous was repaired by his caretaker droid , the general pitted the Jedi and the remaining clones against the castle 's defenses — a molten incinerator pit and the general 's pet roggwart Gor .
The clones were killed , but the Jedi were able to eliminate Gor .
As Grievous resolved to personally confront the Jedi , Fisto and Vebb infiltrated the castle 's command center .
Vebb remained outside , however , and fought Grievous himself , but was killed by the general .
After Fisto dueled Grievous on the castle 's outer platform , the Jedi Master was able to escape .
Giuliani : Suggestion 9/11 was invited is
Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday May 15 , 2007 Print This Email This
New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , who skyrocketed to political prominence in the wake of Sept. 11 , heatedly refuted a suggestion by quixotic candidate Rep.
Ron Paul at Tuesday night 's Republican debate that American involvement in the Middle East invited hostility directed at the US from international terrorists .
" I 'm suggesting we listen to the people who attacked us ( on Sept. 11 ) and the reason they did it , and they 're delighted " that US troops are in Iraq because they provide easy targets for terrorists , Paul said .
Paul was responding to a question about the origins of terrorist attacks on US soil and noted the generations - long history of US involvement in Middle East politics , including a CIA - sponsored coup to overthrow Iran 's leader in 1953 and regular bombing missions in Iraq over the last decade .
" I do n't think i've heard that before , " Giuliani said , " and I 've heard some pretty absurd explanations for Sept. 11 . "
Paul said he was referring to what the CIA calls " blow back " in mentioning the hostility American involvement might ferment in foreign cultures .
" They do n't come here to attack us because we 're rich and we 're free , " Paul said .
" They attack us because we 're over there . "
The following video is from Fox News Republican Debate .
Fox tees up Ron Paul for Giuliani 9/11 bluster .
FORT EUSTIS , Va. , July 11 — Cpl. April Ponce
De Leon describes herself and her husband as “ gung - ho marines , ” and in two weeks she deploys to Iraq , where her husband has been fighting since March .
But she says she stopped believing in the war last month after a telephone conversation with him .
“ He started telling me that he does n’t want me to go and do the things he has been doing , ” said Corporal Ponce De Leon , 22 , speaking by telephone as she boxed up her belongings in their apartment near Camp Lejeune , N.C .
“ He said that ‘ we have all decided that it ’s time for us to go home . ’
I said , ‘ You mean go home and rest ? ’
And he said , ‘ I mean go home and not go back . ’
Image Penny Preszler of Phoenix , whose son is on his second tour of duty in Iraq , says she no longer wears red on Fridays in support of the Iraq war .
Credit ... Jeff Topping for The New York Times
“ This is from someone who has been training for the past nine years to go to combat and who has spent his whole life wanting to be a marine , ” she continued .
“ That ’s when I realized I could n’t support the war anymore , even though I will follow my orders . ”
mod_uploaderの作者さんがまとめている開発Tips( http://acapulco.dyndns.org/mod_uploader/module_dev.htm)にあったデバッグ方法を試してみました。
Valgrind
http://valgrind.org/
Valgrindはメモリ周りのバグや、スレッド系のバグを自動的に検出してくれるツールです。
インストール は
. / configure make make install
で完了です 。
a.out(-gオプションでコンパイルしてください)のメモリ周りのチェックを行う場合は
valgrind -- leak - check=yes a.out
とやると、こんな結果が出力されてメモリリークしている場所がずばり表示されます。
==19182== 40 bytes in 1 blocks are definitely lost in loss record 1 of 1 ==19182== at 0x1B8FF5CD : malloc ( vg_replace_malloc.c:130 ) ==19182== by 0x8048385 : f ( a.c:5 ) ==19182== by 0x80483 AB : main ( a.c:11 )
I 'm glad to announce svk 2.0 technology preview 1 ( tp1 ) ; we are on the
way to our 2.0 release , scheduled to come out before Christmas .
Although this is not a stable release , we have been using this version
for daily development without issues .
So please upgrade if you 'd like
to help with testing and to try out the new features below .
This is the first major release after 18 months of development since
svk 1.0 was released in May 2005 , and there have been exciting
improvements and features since then .
Here are some highlights :
* Interactive commits
You can now use " svk commit -- interactive " .
svk will work you
through each chunk of changes in each file , and let you decide
exactly which ones you want to commit .
* Floating checkout
You can now use " svk checkout -- float " to have the checkout metadata
stored in the toplevel directory of the checkout copy .
This allows
you to move the checkout copy around without having to use " svk
checkout -- relocate " .
* View support
svk 's " views " are much like views in databases .
You can now set up a
" view " that is actually a map to different parts of a
repository .
You can then check out the " view " and work with it as if
it 's just an ordinary svk checkout path .
Please note that this feature is still of beta-quality ; some
commands do not work properly in view checkouts .
We plan to fix
them before the tp2 release .
* Log filter plugins
You can now write custom log processing plugins for filtering and
displaying log messages ; svk ships with several , and others are
available on CPAN .
For example , try " svk log -- filter ' author
clkao ' " or " svk log -- output stat " ( the latter requires
SVK :: Log:: Filter :: Stats from CPAN ) .
* Better copy and rename support across merge .
This solves the problem described in :
http://svn.haxx.se/dev/archive-2005-08/0712.shtml
* Startup time improvements
* Many , many bugfixes and tiny features
Cheers ,
CLK
( posted by Jesse )
The nose of a UK Astute class nuclear submarine rolls through the streets of Barrow - In - Furness , Cumbria .
The first 7,000 ton behemoth will be launched in early June .
At last week 's Agile 2006 conference , I led a tutorial called “ Hiring for an Agile Team . ”
I made a statement that some of the participants challenged :
Using puzzles and riddles discriminate against anyone who is n't a ( middle - upper class ) white American suburban male .
( I 'd forgotten the middle - upper class part when I was leading the session . )
So , what everyone wants to know is :
Where is my data ?
First , let me explain why I said this .
( This post is a bit of a rant . )
Girls , for example , do not have access or the alone time to spend doing books of puzzles and riddles .
It is socially unacceptable for even the geekiest girl you know to do this .
A girl who spends time pursuing puzzles and riddles for her own pleasure runs the colossal risk of being ostracized from all the other girls .
Boys tend to discover puzzles and riddles during middle school and continue to pursue them through high school .
Middle and high school for girls is much more about social ability and social connections .
The people who can afford to buy the puzzle and riddle books ( to practice them and become better at them ) are middle - to - upper economic class .
Puzzles and riddles appeal to a limited number of personality types–types frequently found in high - tech jobs .
In particular , they appeal most often to NTs , especially INTJ and INTP types .
( NTs are visionaries in Do Your Interview Questions Discriminate For or Against Your Needs ?
So , the people who practice with puzzles and riddles are the people who have the disposable income , time , and social acceptability to do so .
I do n't know enough about middle class high school boys from other cultures , but I see this all the time in the US .
If you 'd like to see some other information , take a look at How Would You Move Mount Fuji ?.
There are some hints at the articles at Career Resource Center but no reference .
I also wrote Brainteaser Interviews Showcase Lack of Interviewer Skill , not Candidate Expertise .
And , take a look at Brainteasers Inappropriate for Job Interviews by John Kador , who literally wrote the book .
So , have I convinced you yet ?
Maybe not .
Maybe you still think you need a way to know if this candidate is smart enough for you , or you do n't feel competent to start a conversation with something like a puzzle or a riddle to dissect .
If you need to know whether a person is smart enough , use behavior - description questions and auditions .
Do n't be afraid to ask the “ What did you learn from that experience ” question as a follow up from your behavior - description questions .
If you need people who are smarter than the people we normally have in our field , use the job analysis to understand why .
( I bet you do n't , but that 's another rant . )
If you need a conversation starter , I have some ideas on building rapport already in this blog , but I 'll write another piece about building rapport .
Tongue - in - cheek : Really , if you 'd been socializing in high school instead of using puzzles and riddles to avoid social interactions , you might already know how to do this .
Joel discusses ways to really interview in The Guerrilla Guide to Interviewing and he discusses auditions in The Perils of JavaSchools .
So , if you 're looking for real discrimination data , sorry , I do n't have it .
I only have my common sense .
Remember , the goal of an interview is to evaluate how well a candidate will do at work , specifically in your workplace .
Puzzles and riddles may evaluate a certain kind of personality , and possibly even raw IQ .
But they wo n't tell you how well a candidate can work with your group or on your products .
And that 's the point of an interview .
Share this : Email
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Overblown : How Politicians and the Terrorism Industry Inflate National Security Threats , and Why We Believe Them
John Mueller
Free Press , 2006
259 pp .
Sept. 11 changed everything , it is said , and nowhere has its effect been more significant than on U.S. foreign policy .
In 2000 , George W. Bush campaigned on behalf of a “ humble ” foreign policy .
After the terrorist strikes , his administration gave new meaning to the concept of arrogance .
At first , Washington built international support for a concerted campaign against al - Qaeda and the Taliban regime in Kabul .
But the administration quickly downgraded its efforts against terrorism , prematurely withdrew forces from Afghanistan , and launched an unnecessary war of choice against Iraq .
The latter soon descended into bloody chaos , spawning a host of new terrorists .
Today Afghanistan risks following Iraq ’s trajectory , while Washington ’s international reputation has tanked .
Popular support for administration policy has plummeted .
Rather than acknowledge error , the administration ever more insistently  but ever less persuasively  justifies America ’s continued occupation of Iraq as necessary to prevent terrorist attacks in the U.S.
The administration simply ignores abundant evidence to the contrary .
The disaster in Iraq gives further credence to John Mueller ’s argument in Overblown .
His thesis is compelling , though counterintuitive .
Despite the obvious horror of 9/11 and subsequent terrorist attacks in Bali , Madrid , London , and elsewhere , terrorism claims relatively few lives .
Mueller , who teaches at Ohio State University , explains that people have a lifetime chance of dying from a terrorist attack of one in 80,000 , “ about the same likelihood that one would die over the same interval from the impact on the earth of an especially ill - directed asteroid or comet . ”
Thus , Mueller contends , it is important to adopt a measured response .
Unfortunately , Mueller explains , “ our reaction against terrorism has caused more harm than the threat warrants  not just to civil liberties , not just to the economy , but even to human lives . ”
Overblown provides a wealth of fascinating arguments and supporting data .
Although one can easily quibble over one or another of Mueller ’s provocative assertions , he almost certainly is correct that the U.S. government ’s response to 9/11 has made us worse off and less safe .
One of Mueller ’s most important contributions is his review of what he calls “ the terrorism industry , ” made up of politicians , bureaucrats , and journalists .
Because the industry encourages scaremongering and wasteful spending , Mueller argues that “ the harm of terrorism mostly arises from the fear and from the often hasty , ill - considered , and overwrought reaction ( or overreaction ) it characteristically , and often calculatedly , inspires in its victims . ”
Critical to this contention is Mueller ’s assessment of the potential harm caused by terrorist attacks .
He writes , “ For all the attention it evokes , terrorism , in reasonable context , actually causes rather little damage . ”
Other than in 2001 , very few Americans have died in terrorist attacks .
But what of the “ lurid worst - case scenarios ” involving weapons of mass destruction , he asks ?
There is good news .
Nuclear weapons are the most fearsome , but also very hard to construct .
It remains worthwhile to make nuclear transfers more difficult , but , argues Mueller , “ the difficulties for the terrorists persist , and their likelihood of acquiring the weapon any time soon remains very low . ”
Chemical weapons are more available , but much less destructive .
He similarly analyzes the potential of biological and radiological weapons .
These arguments are not new , though Mueller makes them well .
However , he enriches Overblown with a wide - ranging historical analysis .
For instance , he reviews prior crises in which , he argues , the threat to America also was exaggerated .
His book offers rich fodder for a serious debate over how U.S. officials perceive threats and present them to the American people .
For instance , Mueller proposes an alternative policy of “ containment and harassment ” against Japan after Pearl Harbor , arguing that “ the United States might well have been able productively to exacerbate Japan ’s dilemma of overexpansion , helping to impel it to retreat from its empire .
Moreover , this might have been accomplished with far less misery and bloodshed by using containment rather than war . ”
Mueller also critiques the containment of communism .
Here , too , he suggests an alternative approach , contending that “ throughout the Cold War , the United States and sometimes its allies persistently , often vastly , and sometimes willfully exaggerated either the capability of international communism to inflict damage in carrying out its threatening revolutionary goals , or its willingness to accept risk to do so , or both . ”
He picks apart U.S. policy in many areas  responses to the Soviet - engineered coup in Czechoslovakia , the Sputnik launch , the Cuban revolution , the threat of domestic subversion , and more .
Particularly illuminating is Mueller ’s compendium of “ devils du jour , ” characters who scared Americans , though but “ poor players who strutted and fretted their hour upon the world stage and then were heard no more . "
Mueller ’s rogues gallery includes Gamal Abdel Nasser , Sukarno , Muammar Gadhafi , and the Ayatollah Khomeini .
Mueller applies this approach to past fears of an economically dominant Japan and of various petty dictators today .
These examples may spark violent disagreements , but overall Mueller seems right to assert that “ when big problems go away , smaller ones become magnified in importance to compensate ” and “ when unfamiliar problems come to arrest the public and political consciousness , there is a demand for easily graspable , if often simplistic and spooky , explanations . ”
Unfortunately , U.S. leaders “ can become absurdly preoccupied ” by minor challenges and neglect better policy alternatives , Mueller contends .
He brings the issue back to terrorism in suggesting an alternative , more restrained response .
He contends that most threats die out ; moreover , it is impossible to prevent all attacks in an open society such as our own .
Mueller deftly critiques current anti-terrorism efforts , such as the Transportation Safety Administration ’s handling of airline safety .
However , the damage caused by TSA blunders cannot compare to the harm resulting from the invasion of Iraq .
He worries “ that the heedless ( even reckless ) , internationally opposed , and unnecessary war in Iraq will prove to be counterproductive  perhaps even disastrously so  in the campaign against international terrorism and particularly against al - Qaeda . ”
What would Mueller do to combat terrorism ?
" [ T ] he policy I propose stresses three issues .
First , the country can readily absorb just about anything the terrorists can dish out , and policy should mostly focus on some limited preventive and protective measures , particularly those that might make the development of nuclear weapons more difficult , and on policing endeavors , particularly ones coordinated with governments overseas , where such measures have shown some success .
Second , to minimize the damage terrorism can do , there should be efforts to reduce or limit the erratic and foolish fears it characteristically inspires , insofar as this is possible .
And third , policymakers should seek to control their political instincts to overreact when provoked by acts of terrorism  something that , contrary to conventional thought , may be , however unnatural , entirely possible politically . "
Overblown provides a powerful antidote to the foolish scaremongering that dominates today ’s debate over terrorism .
Mueller ’s arguments should stimulate and challenge even those people he does not convince .
American policymakers , especially those desiring to become the next president , are most in need of such a challenge .
However much one might disagree with Mueller over his provocative historical analysis or question his anti-terrorist proposal , his critique of the current anti-terrorist paradigm is devastating .
America can ill afford to continue policies that have been not just ineffective , but counterproductive .
It ’s not just the troops that are surging .
War costs are up for American operations in Iraq and Afghanistan * — way up , more than a third higher than last year .
In the first half of this fiscal year , the Defense Department ’s " average monthly obligations for contracts and pay is running about $ 12 billion per month , well above the $ 8.7 billion in FY2006 , " says a new report , obtained by DANGER ROOM , from the non-partisan Congressional Research Service .
Additional war costs for the next 10 years could total about $ 472 billion if troop levels fall to 30,000 by 2010 , or $ 919 billion if troop levels fall to 70,000 by about 2013 .
If these estimates are added to already appropriated amounts , total funding about $ 980 billion to $ 1.4 trillion by 2017 .
Meanwhile , Inside Defense reports that " top Pentagon budget and program officials have directed the military services to prepare spending proposals to finance Iraq and Afghanistan operations … through fiscal year 2009 , which will span the last days of the Bush administration and the early months of the next administration . "
* Corrected 4:48 PM ; thanks to CD for the heads - up .
MinGW Distro - nuwen.net
Wisdom Like Silence
Download
My MinGW distribution ( " distro " ) is x64 - native and currently contains GCC 9.2.0 and Boost 1.71.0 .
mingw - 17.1.exe ( 87.2 MB ) :
This is a self - extracting archive .
It 's incredibly easy to install ; see How To Install below .
mingw - 17.1-without-git.exe ( 45.1 MB ) :
This is smaller , if you 've already installed git .
My build scripts are available on GitHub , and they 're also stored within the distro itself .
Contents
The components of this distro fall into four categories :
Essentials :
The components of MinGW itself .
They are required in order to run GCC .
Libraries : Useful C and C++ libraries .
Utilities : Programs used by programmers .
Utilities ( Binary ) : More programs used by programmers .
Unlike everything else , I obtained these executables from their official websites instead of building them myself .
* With jpegtran .
** With pcregrep and pcre2grep .
*** Only sort , uniq , and wc .
What MinGW Is
I recommend that anyone who is learning Standard C++ and who uses Windows for a primary development environment should use two compilers : the most modern version of Microsoft Visual C++ and the most modern version of GCC , the GNU Compiler Collection .
Using two compilers that conform closely to the Standard subjects your code to more strenuous trials than using a single compiler would .
MinGW is a port of GCC to Windows .
It is free of charge and simple to use ( well , as simple as toolchains ever get ) .
It produces standalone Windows executables which may be distributed in any manner .
MinGW 's official website mingw - w64.org provides various builds , but I maintain my own distro because I demand complete control .
( It 's a long story , but mingw - w64 forked from mingw.org .
Although my distro was based on mingw.org for many years , I now consider mingw - w64 to be the one true MinGW . )
Please note that I did not write any of the components of my distro .
I simply compiled them and packaged them together .
How To Install
First , run the self - extracting archive .
It 'll ask you for a directory :
Whatever you say , it 'll create a MinGW subdirectory there .
I recommend saying C:\ ( as in the screenshot ) so it'll create C: \MinGW .
Second , click Extract .
It 'll display a progress bar :
Just wait until it 's done .
I 've gone to great lengths to make the distro as small as possible , but Boost and git are very large , so there 's a lot of stuff to extract .
Third , open the root of the distro , which is C : \MinGW if you followed my recommendation .
There , you 'll find two batch files and README_STL. txt .
Inside the readme , there are copies of this webpage 's Contents and History sections in case you forget which version of the distro you have or what it contains .
There are also the following usage instructions :
Option A : In an existing Command Prompt , run set_distro_paths .bat to add the distro to that Command Prompt 's PATH .
Option B : Create a shortcut to open_distro_window.bat , which will open a new Command Prompt with the distro on its PATH .
You may move the shortcut to another directory ( or the Desktop ) , and you may modify the shortcut 's properties to start in a directory of your choice ( for example , C: \Temp ) .
Leave set_distro_paths.bat and open_distro_window.bat in the root of the distro .
Neither Option A nor Option B permanently modifies your system .
Finally , type g++ -- version in your Command Prompt and hit Enter .
You should see something like this :
C:\Temp >g++ -- version g++ ( GCC ) 9.2.0 Copyright ( C ) 2019 Free Software Foundation , Inc .
This is free software ; see the source for copying conditions .
There is NO warranty ; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
C:\Temp >
If you see something like that , then you have successfully installed MinGW .
Notes :
My distro is directory - independent , so you can put it in a directory other than C: \MinGW .
If you feel like playing with fire , I even tested paths - with - spaces when I wrote my batch files , but I can't guarantee that all of the distro's components will be similarly tolerant .
.
If you feel like playing with fire , I even tested paths - with - spaces when I wrote my batch files , but I can't guarantee that all of the distro's components will be similarly tolerant .
You should not modify anything in the MinGW directory unless you know what you 're doing .
In particular , do not compile your programs there !
How To Upgrade
Simply replace C: \MinGW .
I should n't need to warn you about extracting a newer version of the distro into a directory which already contains an older version .
That would create a mess .
How To Uninstall
Simply delete C: \MinGW .
How To Build Your Own Distro
components -17.1.7z ( 86.8 MB ) :
My distro is formed by extracting these binary components into a single directory , then adding the batch files and readme .
These binary components are useful if you want to create a subset of my distro , or if you want to update a few components without having to rebuild everything .
Building the components from scratch requires a few things .
First , you 'll need their sources , which you can obtain from their official websites .
Second , you 'll need my build scripts and patches , which are in the scripts - VERSION subdirectory in the root of the distro .
Finally , the build scripts must be run in MSYS2 , and README .md in scripts - VERSION explains how to set that up .
The scripts - VERSION subdirectory is a git repository , available on GitHub .
History
Distro Date GCC Boost Changes 17.1 12/11/2019 9.2.0 1.71.0 Updated : git 2.24.1.2 .
17.0 11/27/2019 9.2.0 1.71.0 Added : GLFW 3.3 .
Updated : 7 - Zip 19.00 , binutils 2.33.1 , Boost 1.71.0 , coreutils 8.31 , FreeType 2.10.1 , GCC 9.2.0 , gdb 8.3.1 , git 2.24.0.2 , glbinding 3.1.0 , GLM 0.9.9.6 , libjpeg - turbo 2.0.3 , libogg 1.3.4 , libpng 1.6.37 , mingw - w64 7.0.0 , PCRE 8.43 , PCRE2 10.34 , SDL 2.0.10 , zstd 1.4.4 .
16.1 12/30/2018 8.2.0 1.69.0 Added : OptiPNG 0.7.7 , zstd 1.3.8 .
Removed : libbzip2 , pngcrush .
Updated : binutils 2.31.1 , Boost 1.69.0 , coreutils 8.30 , GCC 8.2.0 , gdb 8.2.1 , git 2.20.1 , glbinding 3.0.2 , GLM 0.9.9.3 , grep 3.3 , libjpeg - turbo 2.0.1 , libpng 1.6.36 , mingw - w64 6.0.0 , PCRE2 10.32 , SDL 2.0.9 , SDL_mixer 2.0.4 , sed 4.7 .
16.0 7/4/2018 8.1.0 1.67.0 Updated : 7 - Zip 18.05 , binutils 2.30 , Boost 1.67.0 , FreeType 2.9.1 , GCC 8.1.0 , git 2.18.0 , GLM 0.9.9.0 , libvorbis 1.3.6 , mingw - w64 5.0.4 , PCRE 8.42 , SDL 2.0.8 , sed 4.5 .
15.4 2/27/2018 7.3.0 1.66.0 Updated : 7 - Zip 18.01 , Boost 1.66.0 , coreutils 8.29 , FreeType 2.9 , GCC 7.3.0 , gdb 8.1 , git 2.16.2 , glbinding 2.1.4 , LAME 3.100 , libjpeg - turbo 1.5.3 , libogg 1.3.3 , libpng 1.6.34 , mingw - w64 5.0.3 , PCRE2 10.31 , SDL 2.0.7 , SDL_mixer 2.0.2 .
15.3 10/7/2017 7.2.0 1.65.1 Updated : git 2.14.2.2 . 15.2 10/3/2017 7.2.0 1.65.1
Added winpthreads and OpenMP to GCC .
Updated : binutils 2.29.1 , Boost 1.65.1 , coreutils 8.28 , FreeType 2.8.1 , gdb 8.0.1 , git 2.14.2 , libpng 1.6.32 , pngcrush 1.8.13 , SDL 2.0.6 .
15.1 8/27/2017 7.2.0 1.65.0 Added : PCRE2 10.30 .
Updated : binutils 2.29 , Boost 1.65.0 , GCC 7.2.0 , git 2.14.1 , GLM 0.9.8.5 , grep 3.1 , libjpeg - turbo 1.5.2 , libpng 1.6.30 , PCRE 8.41 , pngcrush 1.8.12 .
15.0 6/5/2017 7.1.0 1.64.0 Updated : binutils 2.28 , Boost 1.64.0 , coreutils 8.27 , FreeType 2.8 , GCC 7.1.0 , gdb 8.0 , git 2.13.0 , glbinding 2.1.3 , GLM 0.9.8.4 , libpng 1.6.29 , mingw - w64 5.0.2 , PCRE 8.40 , pngcrush 1.8.11 , sed 4.4 , zlib 1.2.11 .
14.1 12/28/2016 6.3.0 1.63.0 Updated : 7 - Zip 16.04 , binutils 2.27 , Boost 1.63.0 , coreutils 8.26 , FreeType 2.7 , GCC 6.3.0 , gdb 7.12 , git 2.11.0 , glbinding 2.1.1 , GLM 0.9.8.3 , libjpeg - turbo 1.5.1 , libpng 1.6.26 , make 4.2.1 , mingw - w64 5.0.0 , PCRE 8.39 , pngcrush 1.8.10 , SDL 2.0.5 .
14.0 5/29/2016 6.1.0 1.61.0 Added : glbinding 2.0.0 .
Removed : GLEW .
Updated : 7 - Zip 16.02 , Boost 1.61.0 , GCC 6.1.0 , git 2.8.3 , GLM 0.9.7.5 , make 4.2 .
13.5 4/14/2016 5.3.0 1.60.0 Updated : 7 - Zip 15.14 , binutils 2.26 , coreutils 8.25 , FreeType 2.6.3 , gdb 7.11 , git 2.8.1 , GLM 0.9.7.4 , libpng 1.6.21 , mingw - w64 4.0.6 , PCRE 8.38 , pngcrush 1.8.1 , SDL 2.0.4 , SDL_mixer 2.0.1 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
13.4 12/23/2015 5.3.0 1.60.0 Removed : FCIV ( use " 7z h - scrcsha1 " or " 7z h - scrcsha256 " ) .
Updated : 7 - Zip 15.12 , Boost 1.60.0 , FreeType 2.6.2 , GCC 5.3.0 , gdb 7.10.1 , git 2.6.4 , libpng 1.6.20 , pngcrush 1.7.88 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
13.3 11/7/2015 5.2.0 1.59.0 Updated : git 2.6.2 , pngcrush 1.7.87 .
13.2 10/10/2015 5.2.0 1.59.0 Updated : FreeType 2.6.1 , git 2.6.1 .
Rebuilt : Everything , with MSYS2 .
13.1 9/28/2015 5.2.0 1.59.0 Updated : binutils 2.25.1 , Boost 1.59.0 , coreutils 8.24 , FreeType 2.6 , GCC 5.2.0 , gdb 7.10 , git 2.5.3 , GLEW 1.13.0 , GLM 0.9.7.1 , libjpeg - turbo 1.4.2 , libpng 1.6.18 , mingw - w64 4.0.4 , PCRE 8.37 , pngcrush 1.7.86 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
13.0 4/30/2015 5.1.0 1.58.0 Added : FCIV 2.05 .
Removed : sha1sum , sha256 sum , sha512sum .
Updated : Boost 1.58.0 , GCC 5.1.0 , gdb 7.9 , git 1.9.5 20150319 , GLEW 1.12.0 , GLM 0.9.6.3 , libjpeg - turbo 1.4.0 , libpng 1.6.17 , libvorbis 1.3.5 , mingw - w64 4.0.2 , pngcrush 1.7.85 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
12.2 1/4/2015 4.9.2 1.57.0 Updated : binutils 2.25 , Boost 1.57.0 , FreeType 2.5.5 , GCC 4.9.2 , gdb 7.8.1 , git 1.9.5 20141217 , GLM 0.9.6.1 , libpng 1.6.16 , make 4.1 , mingw - w64 3.3.0 , PCRE 8.36 , pngcrush 1.7.82 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
12.1 9/2/2014 4.9.1 1.56.0 Updated : git 1.9.4 20140815 , GLEW 1.11.0 , libpng 1.6.13 , mingw - w64 3.2.0 , pngcrush 1.7.77 .
Enabled Unicode in PCRE .
Rebuilt : Everything .
12.0 8/9/2014 4.9.1 1.56.0 Restored GCC 's default mode to C++03 .
( Compile with - std=c ++11 for C++11 , or - std=c++1y for C++14 . )
Removed : wget .
Updated : Boost 1.56.0 , coreutils 8.23 , FreeType 2.5.3 , GCC 4.9.1 , gdb 7.8 , git 1.9.4 20140611 , GLM 0.9.5.4 , libjpeg - turbo 1.3.1 , libogg 1.3.2 , libpng 1.6.12 , libvorbis 1.3.4 , PCRE 8.35 , pngcrush 1.7.76 , SDL 2.0.3 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
11.6 1/19/2014 4.8.2 1.55.0 Added : gdb 7.6.2 .
Patched : PCRE 8.34 ( adding pcregrep ) .
11.5 1/12/2014 4.8.2 1.55.0 Updated : binutils 2.24 , coreutils 8.22 , FreeType 2.5.2 , git 1.8.5.2 20131230 , GLM 0.9.5.1 , libpng 1.6.8 , make 4.0 a4937bc , mingw - w64 3.1.0 , PCRE 8.34 , pngcrush 1.7.70 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
11.4 11/25/2013 4.8.2 1.55.0 Updated : FreeType 2.5.1 .
Patched : make 4.0 .
11.3 11/17/2013 4.8.2 1.55.0 Updated : Boost 1.55.0 , GCC 4.8.2 , git 1.8.4 20130916 , GLM 0.9.4.6 , libpng 1.6.7 , make 4.0 , mingw - w64 3.0.0 , pngcrush 1.7.69 , SDL 2.0.1 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
11.2 9/8/2013 4.8.1 1.54.0 Patched : GLEW 1.10.0 .
11.1 8/13/2013 4.8.1 1.54.0
Removed : diffutils ( use " git diff " ) , patch ( use " git apply " ) .
Updated : GLM 0.9.4.5 , pngcrush 1.7.67 , SDL 2.0.0 , SDL_mixer 2.0.0 .
11.0 8/10/2013 4.8.1 1.54.0
The distro is now x64 - native .
Added : mingw - w64 3.0-5986 .
Removed : mingw - runtime , w32 api .
Rebuilt : EVERYTHING .
10.4 8/1/2013 4.8.1 1.54.0 Removed : x86 " 7za " ( use x64 " 7z " ) , pngrewrite .
Updated : GLEW 1.10.0 .
Patched : SDL 2.0.0-7469 .
Rebuilt : binutils 2.23.2 , FreeType 2.5.0.1 , everything .
10.3 7/19/2013 4.8.1 1.54.0 Added : GLM 0.9.4.4 .
Updated : Boost 1.54.0 , FreeType 2.5.0.1 , libpng 1.6.3 , pngcrush 1.7.66 , SDL 2.0.0-7469 , SDL_mixer 2.0.0-650 .
10.2 6/9/2013 4.8.1 1.53.0 Updated : FreeType 2.4.12 , GCC 4.8.1 , git 1.8.3 20130601 , libjpeg - turbo 1.3.0 , libogg 1.3.1 , PCRE 8.33 , pngcrush 1.7.60 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
10.1 5/10/2013 4.8.0 1.53.0 Added : libjpeg - turbo 1.2.90 .
Removed : libjpeg .
Updated : libpng 1.6.2 , pngcrush 1.7.58 , zlib 1.2.8 .
Rebuilt : Boost 1.53.0 , pngcheck 2.3.0 , pngrewrite 1.4.0 , SDL 1.2.15 .
10.0 4/1/2013 4.8.0 1.53.0 Updated : binutils 2.23.2 , coreutils 8.21 , diffutils 3.3 , GCC 4.8.0 , libpng 1.6.1 , pngcrush 1.7.54 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
9.6 2/9/2013 4.7.2 1.53.0 Updated : Boost 1.53.0 , git 1.8.1.2 20130201 , jpegtran 9 , libjpeg 9 , libpng 1.5.14 , pngcrush 1.7.47 , sed 4.2.2 .
Rebuilt : pngcheck 2.3.0 , pngrewrite 1.4.0 . 9.5 12/9/2012 4.7.2 1.52.0 Updated : binutils 2.23.1 , Boost 1.52.0 , coreutils 8.20 , git 1.8.0 20121022 , libpng 1.5.13 , PCRE 8.32 , pngcrush 1.7.41 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
9.4 9/29/2012 4.7.2 1.51.0 Updated : GCC 4.7.2 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
9.3 9/13/2012 4.7.1 1.51.0 Updated : Boost 1.51.0 , coreutils 8.19 , git 1.7.11 20120710 , GLEW 1.9.0 , libpng 1.5.12 , mingw - runtime 3.20 - 2 , PCRE 8.31 , pngcrush 1.7.37 , wget 1.14 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
9.2 7/5/2012 4.7.1 1.50.0 Updated : Boost 1.50.0 , git 1.7.11 ( 20120704 ) , pngcrush 1.7.31 .
9.1 6/21/2012 4.7.1 1.49.0 Updated : coreutils 8.17 , FreeType 2.4.10 , GCC 4.7.1 , git 1.7.11 , libpng 1.5.11 , libvorbis 1.3.3 , pngcrush 1.7.30 , zlib 1.2.7 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
9.0 3/29/2012 4.7.0 1.49.0 Updated : GCC 4.7.0 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
8.0 3/21/2012 4.6.3 1.49.0 Changed GCC 's default mode to C++11 .
Added set_distro_paths.bat and open_distro_window.bat .
Added : git 1.7.9 .
Updated : binutils 2.22 , Boost 1.49.0 , coreutils 8.15 , diffutils 3.2 , FreeType 2.4.9 , GCC 4.6.3 , GLEW 1.7.0 , grep 2.10 , jpegtran 8d , LAME 3.99.5 , libjpeg 8d , libpng 1.5.9 , mingw - runtime 3.20 , PCRE 8.30 , pngcrush 1.7.25 , SDL 1.2.15 , SDL_mixer 1.2.12 , wget 1.13.4 , zlib 1.2.6 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
7.2 8/19/2011 4.6.1 1.47.0 Added : PCRE 8.12 .
Updated : binutils 2.21.1 , Boost 1.47.0 , coreutils 8.12 , diffutils 3.1 , FreeType 2.4.6 , GCC 4.6.1 , GLEW 1.6.0 , grep 2.9 , libogg 1.3.0 , libpng 1.5.4 , pngcrush 1.7.16 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
7.1 4/13/2011 4.6.0 1.46.1 Patched : grep 2.7 ( with PCRE 8.12 ) .
7.0 4/10/2011 4.6.0 1.46.1 Patched : mingw - runtime 3.18 .
Updated : GCC 4.6.0 , libpng 1.5.2 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
6.12 4/1/2011 4.5.2 1.46.1 Updated : pngcrush 1.7.15 , w32api 3.17 - 2. Rebuilt : Everything .
6.11 3/13/2011 4.5.2 1.46.1 Updated : Boost 1.46.1 .
6.10 3/3/2011 4.5.2 1.46.0 Updated : Boost 1.46.0 , coreutils 8.10 , GLEW 1.5.8 , jpegtran 8 c , libjpeg 8 c , libpng 1.5.1 , pngcrush 1.7.14 .
Rebuilt : pngcheck 2.3.0 , pngrewrite 1.4.0 . 6.9
12/31/2010 4.5.2 1.45.0 Updated : binutils 2.21 , coreutils 8.8 , FreeType 2.4.4 , GCC 4.5.2 , libogg 1.2.2 , libpng 1.4.5 , pngcrush 1.7.13 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
6.8 11/20/2010 4.5.1 1.45.0 Updated : 7 - Zip 9.20 , Boost 1.45.0 .
Rebuilt : SDL 1.2.14 .
6.7 11/16/2010 4.5.1 1.44.0 Patched : Boost 1.44.0 ( fixing Boost .
Thread ) , GCC 4.5.1 ( fixing LTO ) .
Updated : coreutils 8.7 , FreeType 2.4.3 , GLEW 1.5.7 , grep 2.7 , libbzip2 1.0.6 , libogg 1.2.1 , libpng 1.4.4 , libvorbis 1.3.2 , w32api 3.15 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
6.6 8/22/2010 4.5.1 1.44.0 Rebuilt : GCC 4.5.1 . 6.5 8/18/2010 4.5.1 1.44.0 Updated : Boost 1.44.0 , FreeType 2.4.2 , GCC 4.5.1 , make 3.82 , pngcrush 1.7.12 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
6.4 7/17/2010 4.5.0 1.43.0 Updated : FreeType 2.4.0 , GLEW 1.5.5 .
6.3 7/9/2010 4.5.0 1.43.0 Updated : jpegtran 8b , libjpeg 8b .
Rebuilt : FreeType 2.3.12 .
6.2 7/7/2010 4.5.0 1.43.0 Updated : coreutils 8.5 , grep 2.6.3 , libpng 1.4.3 , pngcrush 1.7.11 , pngrewrite 1.4.0 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
6.1 5/5/2010 4.5.0 1.43.0 Removed : GLee , UPX .
Updated : Boost 1.43.0 , diffutils 3.0 , GLEW 1.5.4 , zlib 1.2.5 .
Rebuilt : libpng 1.4.1 , pngcheck 2.3.0 , pngcrush 1.7.10 , pngrewrite 1.3.0 .
6.0 4/16/2010 4.5.0 1.42.0 Added : GLEW 1.5.3 .
Patched : diffutils 2.9 . Updated : GCC 4.5.0 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
5.5 4/2/2010 4.4.1 1.42.0 Patched : coreutils 8.4 . Updated : LAME 3.98.4 , libogg 1.2.0 , libvorbis 1.3.1 , vorbis - tools 1.4.0 .
5.4 3/21/2010 4.4.1 1.42.0 Removed : bzip2 .
( Use " 7za x " instead of " bunzip2 " . )
Updated : coreutils 8.4 , diffutils 2.9 . 5.3
3/19/2010 4.4.1 1.42.0 Added : LAME 3.98.3 .
Updated : pngcrush 1.7.10 , zlib 1.2.4 .
Rebuilt : Everything , fixing a psychotic relocation bug .
5.2 3/13/2010 4.4.1 1.42.0 Removed : tar .
( Use " 7za a " , " 7za l " , and " 7za x " instead of " tar cf " , " tar tf " , and " tar xf " . )
Updated : binutils 2.20.1 , jpegtran 8a , libjpeg 8a , mingw - runtime 3.18 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
5.1 3/2/2010 4.4.1 1.42.0 Added : 7 - Zip x64 . ( " 7za " is x86 , " 7z " is x64 . )
Removed : factor , gzip , split .
( Use " 7za x " instead of " gzip - d " for decompression . )
Updated : Boost 1.42.0 , FreeType 2.3.12 , jpegtran 8 , libjpeg 8 , libpng 1.4.1 , pngcrush 1.7.9 .
Rebuilt : Everything , without UPX compression .
5.0 1/6/2010 4.4.1 1.41.0 Updated : GCC 4.4.1 - nuwen , libpng 1.4.0 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
4.3 1/1/2010 4.3.3 1.41.0 Added : 7 - Zip 4.65 .
Updated : binutils 2.20 , Boost 1.41.0 , FreeType 2.3.11 , gzip 1.3.13 , jpegtran 7 , libjpeg 7 , libogg 1.1.4 , libpng 1.2.41 , libvorbis 1.2.3 , make 3.81 20090914 , mingw - runtime 3.17 , patch 2.6.1 , pngcrush 1.7.6 , SDL 1.2.14 , SDL_mixer 1.2.11 , sed 4.2.1 , UPX 3.04 , w32api 3.14 , wget 1.12 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
4.2 5/18/2009 4.3.3 1.39.0 Updated : Boost 1.39.0 , FreeType 2.3.9 , pngcrush 1.6.17 , sed 4.2 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
4.1 2/22/2009 4.3.3 1.38.0 Removed : boost - jam .
Updated : binutils 2.19.1 , Boost 1.38.0 , FreeType 2.3.8 , GCC 4.3.3-dw2-tdm -1 , GLee 5.4 , grep 2.5.4 , libpng 1.2.35 , mingw - runtime 3.15.2 , pngcrush 1.6.14 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
4.0 12/31/2008 4.3.2 1.37.0 Removed : bison , flex .
Updated : binutils 2.19 , boost - jam 3.1.17 , GCC 4.3.2- dw2 , libpng 1.2.34 , mingw - runtime 3.15.1 , pngcrush 1.6.12 , pngrewrite 1.3.0 , w32api 3.13 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
3.14 11/9/2008 4.2.1 1.37.0 Updated : Boost 1.37.0 , libpng 1.2.33 , pngcrush 1.6.11 .
Rebuilt : pngcheck 2.3.0 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 .
3.13
10/12/2008 4.2.1 1.36.0 Updated : GLee 5.33 , libpng 1.2.32 , pngcrush 1.6.10 .
Rebuilt : pngcheck 2.3.0 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 .
3.12 9/21/2008 4.2.1 1.36.0 Patched : FreeType 2.3.7 , libjpeg 6 b .
3.11 8/22/2008 4.2.1 1.36.0 Updated : libpng 1.2.31 , pngcrush 1.6.9 .
Rebuilt : Boost 1.36.0 , pngcheck 2.3.0 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 .
3.10 8/14/2008 4.2.1 1.36.0 Updated : Boost 1.36.0 , FreeType 2.3.7 , pngcrush 1.6.7 , wget 1.11.4 . 3.9 5/19/2008 4.2.1 1.35.0
Removed : cat , cvs , expand , glpng , SDL_ttf .
Updated : libpng 1.2.29 , pngcrush 1.6.5 .
Rebuilt : pngcheck 2.3.0 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 . 3.8 5/5/2008 4.2.1 1.35.0 Updated : libpng 1.2.28 , make 3.81 20080326 -2 , UPX 3.03 , wget 1.11.2 .
Rebuilt : pngcheck 2.3.0 , pngcrush 1.6.4 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 . 3.7 3/31/2008 4.2.1 1.35.0 Updated : binutils 2.18.50 20080109 - 2 , Boost 1.35.0 , bzip2 1.0.5 , make 3.81 20080326 , vorbis - tools 1.2.0 , wget 1.11.1 .
3.6 2/28/2008 4.2.1 1.34.1 Updated : libpng 1.2.25 , wget 1.11 .
Rebuilt : flex 2.5.4a , pngcheck 2.3.0 , pngcrush 1.6.4 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 . 3.5 1/13/2008 4.2.1 1.34.1 Added : FreeType 2.3.5 , SDL_ttf 2.0.9 .
Updated : binutils 2.18.50 20080109 .
3.4 12/31/2007 4.2.1 1.34.1 Updated : SDL 1.2.13 .
3.3 12/29/2007 4.2.1 1.34.1 Patched : Boost 1.34.1 .
Updated : binutils 2.18.50 20071123 , boost - jam 3.1.16 , libpng 1.2.24 , mingw - runtime 3.14 , UPX 3.02 , w32api 3.11 .
Rebuilt : Everything .
3.2 10/21/2007 4.2.1 1.34.1 Updated : libpng 1.2.22 .
Rebuilt : pngcheck 2.3.0 , pngcrush 1.6.4 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 . 3.1 9/10/2007 4.2.1 1.34.1 Added : GLee 5.21 .
Updated : libpng 1.2.20 .
Rebuilt : pngcheck 2.3.0 , pngcrush 1.6.4 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 . 3.0 8/19/2007 4.2.1 1.34.1 Patched : boost - jam 3.1.14 .
Rebuilt : Boost 1.34.1 .
Updated : GCC 4.2.1- dw2 - 2 , grep 2.5.3 , libpng 1.2.19 , libvorbis 1.2.0 , mingw - runtime 3.13 , UPX 3.01 , w32api 3.10 .
2.8 8/2/2007 4.1.2 1.34.1 Rebuilt : SDL 1.2.12 .
2.7 7/25/2007 4.1.2 1.34.1 Added : libogg 1.1.3 , libvorbis 1.1.2 , SDL_mixer 1.2.8 , vorbis - tools 1.1.1 .
Updated : Boost 1.34.1 . 2.6 7/20/2007 4.1.2 1.34.0 Updated : pngcheck 2.3.0 , SDL 1.2.12 .
2.5 5/18/2007 4.1.2 1.34.0 Updated : Boost 1.34.0 , boost - jam 3.1.14 , gzip 1.3.12 , libpng 1.2.18 , UPX 3.00 .
Rebuilt : pngcheck 2.2.0 , pngcrush 1.6.4 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 . 2.4 5/6/2007 4.1.2 1.34.x
Added : pngcheck 2.2.0 . 2.3 4/5/2007 4.1.2 1.34.x
Patched : patch 2.5.9 .
2.2 3/28/2007 4.1.2 1.34.x
Patched : GCC 4.1.2 .
Updated : mingw - runtime 3.12 , w32api 3.9 .
2.1 3/25/2007 4.1.2 1.34.x
Updated : gzip 1.3.9 , wget 1.10.2 .
Rebuilt : make 3.81 .
2.0 2/26/2007 4.1.2 1.34.x Added : sed 4.1.5 .
Updated : binutils 2.17.50 20070129 , GCC 4.1.2 .
1.13 1/19/2007 3.4.2 1.34.x Patched : Boost 1.34.0 20061231 .
Updated : bzip2 1.0.4 , libpng 1.2.15 .
Rebuilt : pngcrush 1.6.4 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 .
1.12 1/1/2007 3.4.2 1.34.x Updated : Boost 1.34.0 20061231 .
1.11 12/13/2006 3.4.2 1.33.1 Updated : cvs 1.12.13a .
1.10 12/1/2006 3.4.2 1.33.1
Patched : libjpeg 6 b .
Updated : libpng 1.2.14 .
Rebuilt : pngcrush 1.6.4 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 . 1.9
11/20/2006 3.4.2 1.33.1 Added : jpegtran 6 b .
Updated : binutils 2.17.50 20060824 , libpng 1.2.13 , mingw - runtime 3.11 , w32api 3.8 .
Rebuilt : pngcrush 1.6.4 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 . 1.8 8/8/2006 3.4.2 1.33.1 Added : libjpeg 6 b . 1.7 6/28/2006 3.4.2 1.33.1 Updated : SDL 1.2.11 .
1.6 6/22/2006 3.4.2 1.33.1 Patched : Boost 1.33.1 .
Removed : SDL_image .
Updated : boost - jam 3.1.13 , cvs 1.11.22 , libpng 1.2.10 , make 3.81 , pngcrush 1.6.4 , SDL 1.2.10 , UPX 2.01 , w32api 3.7 .
1.5 3/12/2006 3.4.2 1.33.1 Removed : gdb. Updated : binutils 2.16.91 20060119 , Boost 1.33.1 , boost - jam 3.1.12 , cvs 1.11.21 , mingw - runtime 3.9 , pngcrush 1.6.2 , SDL 1.2.9 , w32api 3.6 .
1.4 9/18/2005 3.4.2 1.33.0 Updated : Boost 1.33.0 , boost - jam 3.1.11 .
1.3 7/30/2005 3.4.2 1.32.0 Patched : Boost 1.32.0 .
Updated : zlib 1.2.3 .
Rebuilt : pngcrush 1.5.10 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 . 1.2 7/6/2005 3.4.2 1.32.0 Added : pngcrush 1.5.10 , pngrewrite 1.2.1 . Updated : bzip2 1.0.3 .
1.1 5/29/2005 3.4.2 1.32.0 Patched : Boost 1.32.0 .
Updated : cvs 1.11.20 .
1.0 4/25/2005 3.4.2 1.32.0
First release .
' Honk for peace ' case tests limits on free speech
Photo of Deborah Mayer , the subject of a story slugged teacher13 .
She is a schoolteacher who was fired by her Indiana district in 2003 after telling one of her elementary school students that she honked her horn when she saw peace marchers .
Photo courtesy of Deborah Mayer Ran on : 05-14-2007 Deborah Mayer was fired by her Indiana district in 2003 and now teaches in Florida .
Ran on : 05-14-2007 Deborah Mayer was fired by her Indiana district in 2003 and now teaches in Florida .
less Photo of Deborah Mayer , the subject of a story slugged teacher13 .
She is a schoolteacher who was fired by her Indiana district in 2003 after telling one of her elementary school students that she honked her ... more Photo : Handout Photo : Handout Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close ' Honk for peace ' case tests limits on free speech 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
When one of Deborah Mayer 's elementary school students asked her on the eve of the Iraq war whether she would ever take part in a peace march , the veteran teacher recalls answering , " I honk for peace . "
Soon afterward , Mayer lost her job and her home in Indiana .
She was out of work for nearly three years .
And when she complained to federal courts that her free - speech rights had been violated , the courts replied , essentially , that as a public school teacher she did n't have any .
As a federal appeals court in Chicago put it in January , a teacher 's speech is " the commodity she sells to an employer in exchange for her salary . "
The Bloomington , Ind. , school district had just as much right to fire Mayer , the court said , as it would have if she were a creationist who refused to teach evolution .
The ruling was legally significant .
Eight months earlier , the U.S. Supreme Court had decided in a case involving the Los Angeles district attorney 's office that government employees were not protected by the First Amendment when they faced discipline for speaking at work about controversies related to their jobs .
The Chicago appeals court was the first to apply the same rationale to the classroom , an issue that the Supreme Court expressly left unresolved .
But legal analysts said the Mayer ruling was probably less important as a precedent than as a stark reminder that the law provides little protection for schoolteachers who express their beliefs .
As far as the courts are concerned , " public education is inherently a situation where the government is the speaker , and ... its employees are the mouthpieces of the government , " said Vikram Amar , a professor at UC's Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco .
Whatever academic freedom exists for college teachers is " much , much less " in public schools , he said .
A recent case from a Los Angeles charter school offers more evidence of the limits teachers face in choosing curricula or seeking redress of grievances .
The school 's administrators forbade seventh - graders from reading aloud at a February assembly the award - winning poem " A Wreath for Emmett Till , " about a black teenager beaten to death by white men in 1955 .
In an online guide to teaching the poem in grades seven and up , publisher Houghton Mifflin recommends telling students that it will be disturbing ; administrators said they feared it would be too much for the kindergartners in the audience and then explained that Till 's alleged whistle at a white woman was inappropriate .
When social studies teacher Marisol Alba and a colleague signed letters of protest written by students at the largely African American school , both teachers were fired .
The Mayer ruling was disappointing but not surprising , said Michael Simpson , assistant general counsel of the National Education Association , the nation 's largest teachers ' union .
For the last decade , he said , federal courts " have not been receptive to arguments that teachers , both K - 12 and higher education , have free - speech rights in the classroom . "
That 's unacceptable , said Mayer , 57 , who now teaches seventh - graders in Haines City , Fla .
She said she 's scraped up enough money , by selling her car , to appeal her case to the Supreme Court , though she doubts the justices will review it .
" If a teacher can be fired for saying those four little words -- ' I honk for peace ' -- who 's going to want to teach ? " she asked .
" They 're taking away free speech at school .
...
You might just as well get a big television and set it in front of the children and have them watch , ( using ) the curriculum the school board has . "
On the other hand , said Francisco Negrón , lawyer for the National School Boards Association , if teachers were free to express their viewpoints in class , school boards would be less able to do their job of determining the curriculum and complying with government demands for accountability .
" Teachers bring their creativity , their energy , their skill in teaching the curriculum , but ... a teacher in K - 12 is really not at liberty to design a curriculum , " said Negrón , who filed arguments with the court in Mayer 's case supporting the Bloomington school district .
" That 's the function of the school board . "
The incident occurred in January 2003 , when Mayer was teaching a class of fourth - through sixth - graders at Clear Creek Elementary School .
As Mayer recalled it later , the question about peace marches arose during a discussion of an article in the children 's edition of Time magazine , part of the school - approved curriculum , about protests against U.S. preparations for war in Iraq .
When the student asked the question about taking part in demonstrations , Mayer said , she replied that there were peace marches in Bloomington , that she blew her horn whenever she saw a " Honk for Peace " sign , and that people should seek peaceful solutions before going to war .
A student complained to her father , who complained to the principal , who canceled the school 's annual " Peace Month " observance and told Mayer never to discuss the war or her political views in class .
Mayer , who had been hired after the semester started and had received a good job evaluation before the incident , was dismissed at the end of the school year .
The school said it was for poor performance , but the appeals court assumed that she had been fired for her comments and said the school had acted legally .
" Teachers hire out their own speech and must provide the service for which employers are willing to pay , " a three - judge panel of the Seventh U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said Jan. 24 .
" The Constitution does not entitle teachers to present personal views to captive audiences against the instructions of elected officials . "
Mayer , the court said , was told by her bosses that she could teach about the war " as long as she kept her opinions to herself . "
Like the Los Angeles district attorney 's employee whose demotion led to the Supreme Court 's 2006 ruling , the appellate panel said , Mayer had no constitutional right to say anything on the job that conflicted with her employer 's policy .
Mayer 's lawyer asked for a rehearing , saying the evidence was clear that the school had no such policy when Mayer answered the student 's question .
The court denied reconsideration in March without comment .
Mayer , who had taught for more than 20 years , could n't afford to keep her Indiana home after being fired and left the state .
She got another teaching job in Florida , but lost it after disclosing her previous dismissal , and did n't get another position until last fall .
As all parties to Mayer 's case recognize , her statements would have been constitutionally protected and beyond the government 's power to suppress if she had been speaking on a street corner or at a public hearing .
But in the classroom , as in the workplace , courts have upheld limits on speech .
In both settings , past rulings have taken into account the institution 's need to function efficiently and keep order , and the rights of co-workers and students not to be subjected to unwanted diatribes .
In 1969 , the Supreme Court upheld a high school student 's right to wear a black armband as a silent protest against the Vietnam War and barred schools from stifling student expression unless it was disruptive or interfered with education .
The court retreated from that standard somewhat in a 1988 ruling upholding censorship of student newspapers , and will revisit the issue in a pending case involving an Alaskan student who was suspended for unfurling a banner outside the school grounds that read , " Bong Hits 4 Jesus . "
The Supreme Court has never ruled on teachers ' free speech .
In lower courts , teachers have won cases by showing they were punished for violating policies that school officials never explained to them beforehand or invented after the fact .
A federal appeals court in 2001 ruled in favor of a fifth - grade teacher in Kentucky who was fired for bringing actor Woody Harrelson to her class to discuss the benefits of industrial hemp , an appearance that school officials had approved .
But teachers who were on notice of school policies they transgressed have usually lost their cases .
In one Bay Area case , in August 2005 , a federal judge in San Jose rejected arguments by Cupertino elementary school teacher Stephen Williams that his principal had violated his freedom of speech by prohibiting him from using outside religious materials in history lessons .
Unless the Supreme Court takes up Mayer 's case , its legal effect is limited to federal courts in Illinois , Indiana and Wisconsin , the three states in the Seventh Circuit .
But Amar , the Hastings law professor , and others said the ruling could be influential elsewhere because there are few appellate decisions on the issue , and because the author , Chief Judge Frank Easterbrook , is a prominent conservative jurist .
" Very few schools are going to be that harsh in muzzling or silencing their teachers , " but the ruling indicates they would be free to do so , Amar said .
Simpson , the National Education Association 's lawyer , said the ruling , though within the legal mainstream , was bad for education because teachers are not " hired to read a script . "
The case might interest the Supreme Court , and the NEA will probably file a brief in support of Mayer 's appeal should the justices take the case , he said .
Beverly Tucker , chief counsel of the NEA - affiliated California Teachers Association , said she doubts that federal courts in California would take as conservative a position as the court in Mayer 's case .
But she expects school districts to cite the ruling in the next case that arises .
" If I were a public school teacher , I would live in fear that some innocuous remark made in the classroom in response to a question from a pupil would lead to me being terminated " under such a ruling , Tucker said .
As for Mayer , she is n't sure what rankles her most -- the impact on her life , the stigma of being branded a rogue teacher , or the court 's assertion that a teacher 's speech is a commodity purchased by the government .
" My free speech , " she said , " is not for sale at any price . "
Now that ’s what I call a video game collection .
This person probably owns every game , console , and accessory in existence .
Lots more pics after the jump .
This dialogue between John Gbson and Michelle Malkin actually takes it as a premise that Ron Paul stated that Bush knew about 9/11 in advance .
Here 's Gibson :
According to a recent Rasmussen Report poll , 35 percent of Democrats think President Bush knew about the 9/11 attacks beforehand .
The so - called 9/11 Truth Movement has already infected people like Rosie O'Donnell and one in three Democrats , and many other people , Americans evidently , including Congressman Ron Paul .
How on earth did Gibson get that from the debate on his own cable channel ?
Here is Malkin :
I 'm glad that this moment provided great TV for FOX News it was a very instructive exchange but Ron Paul really has no business being on stage as a legitimate representative of Republicans , because the 9/11 truth virus is something that infects only a very small proportion of people that would identify themselves as conservative or Republican .
And as you say , John , this is far more prevalent , this strain of 9/11 truth virus , on the left , and in much of the mainstream of the Democratic Party as that Rasmussen poll showed .
Gibson and Malkin owe Paul an apology .
They are knowingly smearing under the guise of journalism .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Noam Chomsky is Institute Professor and Professor of Linguistics Emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
This article is based on a talk delivered May 12 , 2006 , in Beirut , two months before Israel began its military campaign against Lebanon on July 13 , 2006 .
It appears in Inside Lebanon : Journey to a Shattered Land with Noam and Carol Chomsky ( just published by Monthly Review Press , order online at monthlyreview.org or call 1-800-670-9499 ) .
Regrettably , there are all too many candidates that qualify as imminent and very serious crises .
Several should be high on everyone ’s agenda of concern , because they pose literal threats to human survival : the increasing likelihood of a terminal nuclear war , and environmental disaster , which may not be too far removed .
However , I would like to focus on narrower issues , those that are of greatest concern in the West right now .
I will be speaking primarily of the United States , which I know best , and it is the most important case because of its enormous power .
But as far as I can ascertain , Europe is not very different .
The area of greatest concern is the Middle East .
There is nothing novel about that .
I often have to arrange talks years in advance .
If I am asked for a title , I suggest “ The Current Crisis in the Middle East . ”
It has yet to fail .
There ’s a good reason : the huge energy resources of the region were recognized by Washington sixty years ago as a “ stupendous source of strategic power , ” the “ strategically most important area of the world , ” and “ one of the greatest material prizes in world history . ”
1
Control over this stupendous prize has been a primary goal of U.S. policy ever since , and threats to it have naturally aroused enormous concern .
For years it was pretended that the threat was from the Russians , the routine pretext for violence and subversion all over the world .
In the case of the Middle East , we do not have to consider this pretext , since it was officially abandoned .
When the Berlin Wall fell , the first Bush administration released a new National Security Strategy , explaining that everything would go as before but within a new rhetorical framework .
The massive military system is still necessary , but now because of the “ technological sophistication of third world powers ” — which at least comes closer to the truth — the primary threat , worldwide , has been indigenous nationalism .
The official document explained further that the United States would maintain its intervention forces aimed at the Middle East , where “ the threat to our interests ” that required intervention “ could not be laid at the Kremlin ’s door , ” contrary to decades of fabrication .
2
As is normal , all of this passed without comment .
The most serious current problem in the minds of the population , by far , is Iraq .
And the easy winner in the competition for the country that is the most feared is Iran , not because Iran really poses a severe threat , but because of a drumbeat of government - media propaganda .
That is a familiar pattern .
The most recent example is Iraq .
The invasion of Iraq was virtually announced in September 2002 .
As we now know , the U.S. - British invasion was already underway in secret .
In that month , Washington initiated a huge propaganda campaign , with lurid warnings by Condoleezza Rice and others that the next message from Saddam Hussein would be a mushroom cloud in New York City .
Within a few weeks , the government - media propaganda barrage had driven Americans completely off the international spectrum .
Saddam may have been despised almost everywhere , but it was only in the United States that a majority of the population were terrified of what he might do to them , tomorrow .
Not surprisingly , support for the war correlated very closely with such fears .
That has been achieved before , in amazing ways during the Reagan years , and there is a long and illuminating earlier history .
But I will keep to the current monster being crafted by the doctrinal system , after a few words about Iraq .
There is a flood of commentary about Iraq , but very little reporting .
Journalists are mostly confined to fortified areas in Baghdad , or embedded within the occupying army .
That is not because they are cowards or lazy , but because it is simply too dangerous to be anywhere else .
That has not been true in earlier wars .
It is an astonishing fact that the United States and Britain have had more trouble running Iraq than the Nazis had in occupied Europe , or the Russians in their East European satellites , where the countries were run by local civilians and security forces , with the iron fist poised if anything went wrong but usually in the background .
In contrast , the United States has been unable to establish an obedient client regime in Iraq , under far easier conditions .
Putting aside doctrinal blinders , what should be done in Iraq ?
Before answering , we should be clear about some basic principles .
The major principle is that an invader has no rights , only responsibilities .
The first responsibility is to pay reparations .
The second responsibility is to follow the will of the victims .
There is actually a third responsibility : to bring criminals to trial , but that obligation is so remote from the imperial mentality of Western culture that I will put it aside .
The responsibility to pay reparations to Iraqis goes far beyond the crime of aggression and its terrible aftermath .
The United States and Britain have been torturing the population of Iraq for a long time .
In recent history , both governments strongly supported Saddam Hussein ’s terrorist regime through the period of his worst crimes , and long after the end of the war with Iran .
Iran finally capitulated , recognizing that it could not fight the United States , which was , by then , openly participating in Saddam ’s aggression — something that Iranians have surely not forgotten , even if Westerners have .
Dismissing history is always a convenient stance for those who hold the clubs , but their victims usually prefer to pay attention to the real world .
After the Iran - Iraq war , Washington and London continued to provide military equipment to their friend Saddam , including means to develop weapons of mass destruction and delivery systems .
Iraqi nuclear engineers were even being brought to the United States for instruction in developing nuclear weapons in 1989 , long after Saddam ’s worst atrocities and Iran ’s capitulation .
Immediately after the 1991 Gulf War , the United States and the United Kingdom returned to their support for Saddam when they effectively authorized him to use heavy military equipment to suppress a Shi’ite uprising that might well have overthrown the tyrant .
The reasons were publicly explained .
The New York Times reported that there was a “ strikingly unanimous view ” among the United States and its allies , Britain and Saudi Arabia , that “ whatever the sins of the Iraqi leader , he offered the West and the region a better hope for his country ’s stability than did those who have suffered his repression ” the term “ stability ” is a code word for “ following orders . ”
3
New York Times chief diplomatic correspondent Thomas Friedman explained that “ the best of all worlds ” for Washington would be an “ iron - fisted military junta ” ruling Iraq just the way Saddam did .
But lacking that option , Washington had to settle for second - best : Saddam himself .
An unthinkable option — then and now — is that Iraqis should rule Iraq independently of the United States .
Then followed the murderous sanctions regime imposed by the United States and Britain , which killed hundreds of thousands of people , devastated Iraqi civilian society , strengthened the tyrant , and forced the population to rely on him for survival .
The sanctions probably saved Saddam from the fate of other vicious tyrants , some quite comparable to him , who were overthrown from within despite strong support from the United States and United Kingdom to the end of their bloody rule : Ceausescu , Suharto , and quite a rogues gallery of others , to which new names are being added regularly .
Again , all of this is boring ancient history for those who hold the clubs , but not for their victims , or for people who prefer to understand the world .
All of those actions , and much more , call for reparations , on a massive scale , and the responsibility extends to others as well .
But the deep moral - intellectual crisis of imperial culture prevents any thought of such topics as these .
The second responsibility is to obey the will of the population .
British and U.S. polls provide sufficient evidence about that .
The most recent polls find that 87 percent of Iraqis want a “ concrete timeline for US withdrawal , ” up from 76 percent in 2005 .4
If the reports really mean Iraqis , as they say , that would imply that virtually the entire population of Arab Iraq , where the U.S. and British armies are deployed , wants a firm timetable for withdrawal .
I doubt that one would have found comparable figures in occupied Europe under the Nazis , or Eastern Europe under Russian rule .
Bush - Blair and associates declare , however , that there can be no timetable for withdrawal .
That stand in part reflects the natural hatred for democracy among the powerful , often accompanied by eloquent calls for democracy .
The calls for democracy moved to center stage after the failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , so a new motive had to be invented for the invasion .
The president announced the doctrine to great acclaim in November 2003 , at the National Endowment for Democracy in Washington .
He proclaimed that the real reason for the invasion was not Saddam ’s weapons programs , as Washington and London had insistently claimed , but rather Bush ’s messianic mission to promote democracy in Iraq , the Middle East , and elsewhere .
The media and prominent scholars were deeply impressed , relieved to discover that the “ liberation of Iraq ” is perhaps the “ most noble ” war in history , as leading liberal commentators announced — a sentiment echoed even by critics , who objected that the “ noble goal ” may be beyond our means , and those to whom we are offering this wonderful gift may be too backward to accept it .
That conclusion was confirmed a few days later by U.S. polls in Baghdad .
Asked why the United States invaded Iraq , some agreed with the new doctrine hailed by Western intellectuals : 1 percent agreed that the goal was to promote democracy .
Another 5 percent said that the goal was to help Iraqis .5
Most of the rest took for granted that the goals were the obvious ones that are unmentionable in polite society — the strategic - economic goals we readily attribute to enemies , as when Russia invaded Afghanistan or Saddam invaded Kuwait , but are unmentionable when we turn to ourselves .
But rejection of the popular will in Iraq goes far beyond the natural fear of democracy on the part of the powerful .
Simply consider the policies that are likely to be pursued by an independent and more or less democratic Iraq .
Iraqis may have no love for Iran , but they would doubtlessly prefer friendly relations with their powerful neighbor .
The Shi’ite majority already has ties to Iran and has been moving to strengthen them .
Furthermore , even limited sovereignty in Iraq has encouraged efforts by the harshly repressed Shi’ite population across the border in Saudi Arabia to gain basic rights and perhaps autonomy .
That is where most of Saudi Arabia ’s oil happens to be .
Such developments might lead to a loose Shi’ite alliance controlling the world ’s major energy resources and independent of Washington , the ultimate nightmare in Washington — except that it might get worse : the alliance might strengthen its economic and possibly even military ties with China .
The United States can intimidate Europe : when Washington shakes its fist , leading European business enterprises pull out of Iran .
But China has a three - thousand - year history of contempt for the barbarians : they refuse to be intimidated .
That is the basic reason for Washington ’s strategic concerns with regard to China : not that it is a military threat , but that it poses the threat of independence .
If that threat is unacceptable for small countries like Cuba or Vietnam , it is certainly so for the heartland of the most dynamic economic region in the world , the country that has just surpassed Japan in possession of the world ’s major financial reserves and is the world ’s fastest growing major economy .
China ’s economy is already about two - thirds the size of that of the United States , by the correct measures , and if current growth rates persist , it is likely to close that gap in about a decade — in absolute terms , not per capita of course .
China is also the center of the Asian Energy Security Grid and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , which includes the Central Asian countries , and just a few weeks ago , was joined by India , Iran , and Pakistan as observers , soon probably members .
India is undertaking significant joint energy projects with China , and it might join the Energy Security Grid .
Iran may as well , if it comes to the conclusion that Europe is so intimidated by the United States that it cannot act independently .
If Iran turns to the East , it will find willing partners .
A major conference on energy last September in Teheran brought together government officials and scholars from Iran , China , Pakistan , India , Russia , Egypt , Indonesia , Georgia , Venezuela , and Germany , planning an extensive pipeline system for the entire region and also more intensive development of energy resources .
Bush ’s recent trip to India , and his authorization of India ’s nuclear weapons program , is part of the jockeying over how these major global forces will crystallize .
A sovereign and partially democratic Iraq could be another contribution to developments that seriously threaten U.S. global hegemony , so it is not at all surprising that Washington has sought in every way to prevent such an outcome , joined by “ the spear carrier for the pax americana , ” as Blair ’s Britain is described by Michael MccGwire in Britain ’s leading journal of international affairs .
6
If the United States were compelled to grant some degree of sovereignty to Iraq , and any of these consequences would ensue , Washington planners would be facing the collapse of one of their highest foreign policy objectives since the Second World War , when the United States replaced Britain as the world - dominant power : the need to control “ the strategically most important area of the world . ”
What has been central to planning is control , not access , an important distinction .
The United States followed the same policies long before it relied on a drop of Middle East oil , and would continue to do so if it relied on solar energy .
Such control gives the United States “ veto power ” over its industrial rivals , as explained in the early postwar period by influential planners , and reiterated recently with regard to Iraq : a successful conquest of Iraq would give the United States “ critical leverage ” over its industrial rivals , Europe and Asia , as pointed out by Zbigniew Brzezinski , an important figure in the planning community .
Vice President Dick
Cheney made the same point , describing control over petroleum supplies as “ tools of intimidation and blackmail ” — when used by others .
7
He went on to urge the dictatorships of Central Asia , Washington ’s models of democracy , to agree to pipeline construction that ensures that the tools remain in Washington ’s hands .
The thought is by no means original .
At the dawn of the oil age almost ninety years ago , Britain ’s first lord of the admiralty Walter Hume Long explained that “ if we secure the supplies of oil now available in the world we can do what we like .
” 8 Woodrow Wilson also understood this crucial point .
Wilson expelled the British from Venezuela , which by 1928 had become the world ’s leading oil exporter , with U.S. companies then placed in charge .
To achieve this goal , Wilson and his successors supported the vicious and corrupt dictator of Venezuela and ensured that he would bar British concessions .
Meanwhile the United States continued to demand — and secure — U.S. oil rights in the Middle East , where the British and French were in the lead .
We might note that these events illustrate the actual meaning of the “ Wilsonian idealism ” admired by Western intellectual culture , and also provide the real meaning of “ free trade ” and the “ open door . ”
Sometimes that is even officially acknowledged .
When the post -Second World War global order was being shaped in Washington , a State Department memorandum on U.S. petroleum policy called for preserving absolute U.S. control of Western hemisphere resources “ coupled with insistence upon the Open Door principle of equal opportunity for United States companies in new areas .
” 9
That is a useful illustration of “ really existing free market doctrine ” :
What we have , we keep , closing the door to others ; what we do not yet have , we take , under the principle of the Open Door .
All of this illustrates the one really significant theory of international relations , the maxim of Thucydides : the strong do as they can , and the weak suffer as they must .
With regard to Iraq today , talk about exit strategies means very little unless these realities are confronted .
How Washington planners will deal with these problems is far from clear .
And they face similar problems elsewhere .
Intelligence projections for the new millennium were that the United States would control Middle East oil as a matter of course , but would itself rely on more stable Atlantic Basin reserves : West African dictatorships ’ and the Western hemisphere’s .
But Washington ’s postwar control of South America , from Venezuela to Argentina , is seriously eroding .
The two major instruments of control have been violence and economic strangulation , but each weapon is losing its efficacy .
The latest attempt to sponsor a military coup was in 2002 , in Venezuela , but the United States had to back down when the government it helped install was quickly overthrown by popular resistance , and there was turmoil in Latin America , where democracy is taken much more seriously than in the West and overthrow of a democratically elected government is no longer accepted quietly .
Economic controls are also eroding .
South American countries are paying off their debts to the IMF — basically an offshoot of the U.S. Treasury department .
More frightening yet to Washington , these countries are being aided by Venezuela .
The president of Argentina announced that the country would “ rid itself of the IMF . ”
Rigorous adherence to IMF rules had led to economic disaster , from which the country recovered by radically violating the rules .
Brazil too had rid itself of the IMF , and Bolivia probably will as well , again aided by Venezuela .
U.S. economic controls are seriously weakening .
Washington ’s main concern is Venezuela , the leading oil producer in the Western hemisphere .
The U.S. Department of Energy estimates that its reserves might be greater than Saudi Arabia ’s if the price of oil stays high enough for exploitation of its expensive extra- heavy oil to become profitable .
Extreme U.S. hostility and subversion has accelerated Venezuela ’s interest in diversifying exports and investment , and China is more than willing to accept the opportunity , as it is with other resource - rich Latin American exporters .
The largest gas reserves in South America are in Bolivia , which is now following much the same path as Venezuela .
Both countries pose a problem for Washington in other respects .
They have popularly elected governments .
Venezuela leads Latin America in support for the elected government , increasing sharply in the past few years under Chávez .
He is bitterly hated in the United States because of his independence and enormous popular support .
Bolivia just had a democratic election of a kind next to inconceivable in the West .
There were serious issues that the population understood very well , and there was active participation of the general population , who elected someone from their own ranks , from the indigenous majority .
Democracy is always frightening to power centers , particularly when it goes too far beyond mere form and involves actual substance .
Commentary on what is happening reveals the nature of the fears .
London ’s Financial Times warned that President Evo Morales of Bolivia is becoming increasingly “ authoritarian ” and “ undemocratic . ”
This is a serious concern to Western powers , who are dedicated to freedom and democracy everywhere .
The proof of his authoritarian stance and departure from democratic principles is that he followed the will of 95 percent of the population and nationalized Bolivia ’s gas resources , and is also gaining popularity by cutting public salaries and eliminating corruption .
Morales ’s policies have come to resemble the frightening leader of Venezuela .
As if the popularity of Chávez ’s elected government was not proof enough that he is an anti-democratic dictator , he is attempting to extend to Bolivia the same programs he is instituting in Venezuela : helping “ Bolivia ’s drive to stamp out illiteracy and pay[ing ] the wages of hundreds of Cuban doctors who have been sent to work there ” among the poor , to quote the Financial Times ’ lament.10
The latest Bush administration ’s National Security Strategy , released March 2006 , describes China as the greatest long - term threat to U.S. global dominance .
The threat is not military , but economic .
The document warns that Chinese leaders are not only “ expanding trade , but acting as if they can somehow ‘ lock up ’ energy supplies around the world or seek to direct markets rather than opening them up .
” 11 In the U.S. - China meetings in Washington a few weeks ago , President Bush warned President Hu Jintao against trying to “ lock up ” global supplies .
Bush condemned China ’s reliance on oil from Sudan , Burma , and Iran , accusing China of opposition to free trade and human rights — unlike Washington , which imports only from pure democracies that worship human rights , like Equatorial Guinea , one of the most vicious African dictatorships ; Colombia , which has by far the worst human rights record in Latin America ; Central Asian states ; and other paragons of virtue .
No respectable person would accuse Washington of “ locking up ” global supplies when it pursues its traditional “ open door policy ” and outright aggression to ensure that it dominates global energy supplies , firmly holding “ the tools of intimidation and blackmail . ”
It is interesting , perhaps , that none of this elicits ridicule in the West , or even notice .
The lead story in the New York Times on the Bush - Hu meeting reported that “ China ’s appetite for oil also affects its stance on Iran … .
The issue [ of China ’s effort to ‘ lock up ’ global supplies ] is likely to come to a particular head over Iran , ” where China ’s state - owned oil giant signed a $ 70 billion deal to develop Iran ’s huge Yadavaran oil field .
12
That ’s a serious matter , compounded by Chinese interference even in Saudi Arabia , a U.S. client state since the British were expelled during the Second World War .
This relationship now threatened by growing economic and even military ties between China and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , now China ’s largest trading partner in West Asia and North Africa — perhaps further proof of China ’s lack of concern for democracy and human rights .
When President Hu visited Washington , he was denied a state dinner , in a calculated insult .
He cheerfully reciprocated by going directly to Saudi Arabia , a serious slap in the face to Washington that was surely not misunderstood .
This is the barest sketch of the relevant global context over what to do in Iraq .
But these critical matters are scarcely mentioned in the ongoing debate about the problem of greatest concern to Americans .
They are barred by a rigid doctrine .
It is unacceptable to attribute rational strategic - economic thinking to one ’s own state , which must be guided by benign ideals of freedom , justice , peace , and other wonderful things .
That leads back again to a very severe crisis in Western intellectual culture , not of course unique in history , but with dangerous portent .
We can be confident that these matters , though excluded from public discussion , engage the attention of planners .
Governments typically regard their populations as a major enemy , and keep them in ignorance of what is happening to them and planned for them .
Nevertheless , we can speculate .
One reasonable speculation is that Washington planners may be seeking to inspire secessionist movements that the United States can then “ defend ” against the home country .
In Iran , the main oil resources are in the Arab areas adjacent to the Gulf , Iran ’s Khuzestan — and sure enough , there is now an Ahwazi liberation movement of unknown origin , claiming unspecified rights of autonomy .
Nearby , Iraq and the gulf states provide a base for U.S. military intervention .
The U.S. military presence in Latin America is increasing substantially .
In Venezuela , oil resources are concentrated in Zulia province near Colombia , the one reliable U.S. land base in the region , a province that is anti-Chávez and already has an autonomy movement , again of unknown origins .
In Bolivia , the gas resources are in richer eastern areas dominated by elites of European descent that bitterly oppose the government elected by the indigenous majority , and have threatened to secede .
Nearby Paraguay is another one of the few remaining reliable land bases for the U.S. military .
Total military and police assistance now exceeds economic and social aid , a dramatic reversal of the pattern during Cold War years .
The U.S. military now has more personnel in Latin America than most key civilian federal agencies combined , again a sharp change from earlier years .
The new mission is to combat “ radical populism ” — the term that is regularly used for independent nationalism that does not obey orders .
Military training is being shifted from the State Department to the Pentagon , freeing it from human rights and democracy conditionality under congressional supervision — which was always weak , but had some effects that constrained executive violence .
The United States is a global power , and its policies should not be viewed in isolation , any more than those of the British Empire .
Going back half a century , the Eisenhower administration identified three major global problems : Indonesia , North Africa , and the Middle East — all oil producers , all Islamic .
In all cases , the concern was independent nationalism .
The end of French rule in Algeria resolved the North African problem .
In Indonesia , the 1965 Suharto coup removed the threat of independence with a huge massacre , which the CIA compared to the crimes of Hitler , Stalin , and Mao .
The “ staggering mass slaughter , ” as the New York Times described it , was greeted in the West with unconcealed euphoria and relief .
13
The military coup destroyed the only mass - based political party , a party of the poor , slaughtered huge numbers of landless peasants , and threw the country open to Western exploitation of its rich resources , while the large majority tries to survive in misery .
Two years later , the major problem in the Middle East was resolved with Israel ’s destruction of the Nasser regime , hated by the United States and Britain , which feared that secular nationalist forces might seek to direct the vast energy resources of the region to internal development .
A few years earlier , U.S. intelligence had warned of popular feelings that oil is a “ national patrimony ” exploited by the West by unjust arrangements imposed by force .
Israel ’s service to the United States , its Saudi ally , and the energy corporations confirmed the judgment of U.S. intelligence in 1958 that a “ logical corollary ” of opposition to Arab nationalism is reliance on Israel as “ the only strong pro-Western power in the Middle East , ” apart from Turkey , which established a close military alliance with Israel in 1958 , within the U.S. strategic framework .14
The U.S. - Israeli alliance , unique in world affairs , dates from Israel ’s 1967 military conquests , reinforced in 1970 when Israel barred possible Syrian intervention in Jordan to protect Palestinians who were being slaughtered during Black September .
Such intervention by Syria was regarded in Washington as a threat to its ally Jordan and , more important , to the oil - producers that were Washington ’s clients .
U.S. aid to Israel roughly quadrupled .
The pattern is fairly consistent since , extending to secondary Israeli services to U.S. power outside the Middle East , particularly in Latin America and southern Africa .
The system of domination has worked quite well for the people who matter .
Energy corporation profits are breaking all records .
High - tech ( including military ) industry has lucrative ties with Israel , as do the major financial institutions , and Israel serves virtually as an offshore military base and provider of equipment and training .
One may argue that other policies would have been more beneficial to the concentrations of domestic power that largely determine policy , but they seem to find these arrangements quite tolerable .
If they did not , they could easily move to terminate them .
And in fact , when there are conflicts between U.S. and Israeli state power , Israel naturally backs down ; exports of military technology to China are a recent example , when the Bush administration went out of its way to humiliate Israel after it was initially reluctant to follow the orders of what Israeli commentator Aluf Benn calls “ the boss - man called ‘ partner . ’ ”
Let us turn next to Iran and its nuclear programs .
Until 1979 , Washington strongly supported these programs .
During those years , of course , a brutal tyrant installed by the U.S. - U.K. military coup that overthrew the Iranian parliamentary government ruled Iran .
Today , the standard claim is that Iran has no need for nuclear power , and therefore must be pursuing a secret weapons program .
Henry Kissinger explained that “ For a major oil producer such as Iran , nuclear energy is a wasteful use of resources . ”
As secretary of state thirty years ago , Kissinger held that “ introduction of nuclear power will both provide for the growing needs of Iran ’s economy and free remaining oil reserves for export or conversion to petrochemicals , ” and the United States acted to assist the Shah ’s efforts .
Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , and Paul Wolfowitz , the leading planners of the second Bush administration , worked hard to provide the Shah with a “ complete ‘ nuclear fuel cycle ’ — reactors powered by and regenerating fissile materials on a self - sustaining basis .
That is precisely the ability the current administration is trying to prevent Iran from acquiring today . ”
U.S. universities were arranging to train Iranian nuclear engineers , doubtless with Washington ’s approval , if not initiative ; including my own university , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , for example , despite overwhelming student opposition .
Kissinger was asked about his reversal , and he responded with his usual engaging frankness : “ They were an allied country . ” 15 So therefore they had a genuine need for nuclear energy , pre-1979 , but have no such need today .
The Iranian nuclear programs , as far as is known , fall within its rights under Article IV of the Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) , which grants non-nuclear states the right to produce fuel for nuclear energy .
The Bush administration argues , however , that Article IV should be strengthened , and I think that makes sense .
When the NPT came into force in 1970 , there was a considerable gap between producing fuel for energy and for nuclear weapons .
But with contemporary technology , the gap has been narrowed .
However , any such revision of Article IV would have to ensure unimpeded access for nonmilitary use , in accord with the initial bargain .
A reasonable proposal was put forth by Mohamed ElBaradei , head of the International Atomic Energy Agency : that all production and processing of weapon - usable material be under international control , with “ assurance that legitimate would - be users could get their supplies .
” 16 That should be the first step , he proposed , towards fully implementing the 1993 UN resolution calling for a Fissile Material Cutoff Treaty ( called FISSBAN , for short ) , which bans production of fissile materials by individual states .
ElBaradei ’s proposal was dead in the water .
The U.S. political leadership , surely in its current stance , would never agree to this delegation of sovereignty .
To date , ElBaradei ’s proposal has been accepted by only one state , to my knowledge : Iran , last February .
That suggests one way to resolve the current crisis — in fact , a far more serious crisis : continued production of fissile materials by individual states is likely to doom humanity to destruction .
Washington also strenuously opposes a verifiable FISSBAN treaty , regarded by specialists as the “ most fundamental nuclear arms control proposal , ” according to Princeton arms control specialist Frank von Hippel .17 Despite U.S. opposition , in November 2004 , the UN Disarmament Committee voted in favor of a verifiable FISSBAN .
The vote was 147 to 1 , with 2 abstentions : Israel , which is reflexive , and Britain , which is more interesting .
British ambassador John Freeman explained that Britain supported the treaty , but could not vote for this version , because he said it “ divides the international community ” — divided it 147 to 1.18 A later vote in the full General Assembly was 179 to 2 , Israel and Britain again abstaining .
The United States was joined by Palau .
We gain some insight into the ranking of survival of the species among the priorities of the leadership of the hegemonic power and its spear carrier .
In 2004 , the European Union ( EU ) and Iran reached an agreement on nuclear issues : Iran agreed to temporarily suspend its legal activities of uranium enrichment , and the EU agreed to provide Iran with “ firm commitments on security issues . ”
As everyone understands , the phrase “ security issues ” refers to the very credible U.S. - Israeli threats and preparations to attack Iran .
These threats , a serious violation of the UN Charter , are no small matter for a country that has been tortured for fifty years without a break by the global superpower , which now occupies the countries on Iran ’s borders , not to speak of the client state that is the regional superpower .
Iran lived up to its side of the bargain , but the EU , under U.S. pressure , rejected its commitments .
Iran finally abandoned the bargain as well .
The preferred version in the West is that Iran broke the agreement , proving that it is a serious threat to world order .
In May 2003 , Iran had offered to discuss the full range of security matters with the United States , which refused , preferring to follow the same course it did with North Korea .
On taking office in January 2001 , the Bush administration withdrew the “ no hostile intent ” condition of earlier agreements and proceeded to issue serious threats , while also abandoning promises to provide fuel oil and a nuclear reactor .
In response , North Korea returned to developing nuclear weapons , the roots of another current crisis .
All predictable , and predicted .
There are ways to mitigate and probably end these crises .
The first is to call off the threats that are virtually urging Iran ( and North Korea ) to develop nuclear weapons .
One of Israel ’s leading military historians , Martin van Creveld , wrote that if Iran is not developing nuclear weapons , then they are “ crazy , ” immediately after Washington demonstrated that it will attack anyone it likes as long as they are known to be defenseless .
19
So the first step towards ending the crisis would be to call off the threats that are likely to lead potential targets to develop a deterrent — where nuclear weapons or terror are the only viable options .
A second step would be to join with other efforts to reintegrate Iran into the global economy .
A third step would be to join the rest of the world in accepting a verifiable FISSBAN treaty , and to join Iran in accepting ElBaradei ’s proposal , or something similar — and I repeat that the issue here extends far beyond Iran , and reaches the level of human survival .
A fourth step would be to live up to Article VI of the NPT , which obligates the nuclear states to take “ good faith ” efforts to eliminate nuclear weapons , a binding legal obligation , as the World Court determined .
None of the nuclear states have lived up to that obligation , but the United States is far in the lead in violating it — again , a very serious threat to human survival .
Even steps in these directions would mitigate the upcoming crisis with Iran .
Above all , it is important to heed the words of Mohamed ElBaradei : “ There is no military solution to this situation .
It is inconceivable .
The only durable solution is a negotiated solution . ” 20 And it is within reach .
Similar to the Iraq war : a war against Iran appears to be opposed by the military and U.S. intelligence , but might well be undertaken by the civilian planners of the Bush administration : Cheney , Rumsfeld , Rice , and a few others , an unusually dangerous collection .
There is wide agreement among prominent strategic analysts that the threat of nuclear war is severe and increasing , and that the threat can be eliminated by measures that are known and in fact legally obligatory .
If such measures are not taken , they warn that “ a nuclear exchange is ultimately inevitable , ” that we may be facing “ an appreciable risk of ultimate doom , ” an “ Armageddon of our own making . ” 21 The threats are well understood , and they are being consciously enhanced .
The Iraq invasion is only the most blatant example .
Clinton ’s military and intelligence planners had called for “ dominating the space dimension of military operations to protect U.S. interests and investment , ” much in the way armies and navies did in earlier years , but now with a sole hegemon , which must develop “ space - based strike weapons [ enabling ] the application of precision force from , to , and through space . ”
Such measures will be needed , they said , because “ globalization of the world economy ” will lead to a “ widening economic divide ” along with “ deepening economic stagnation , political instability , and cultural alienation , ” hence unrest and violence among the “ have - nots , ” much of it directed against the United States .
The United States must therefore be ready to plan for a “ precision strike from space [ as a ] counter to the worldwide proliferation of WMD ” by unruly elements .
22
That is a likely consequence of the recommended military programs , just as a “ widening divide ” is the anticipated consequence of the specific version of international integration that is misleadingly called “ globalization ” and “ free trade ” in the doctrinal system .
A word should be added about these notions .
Both are terms of propaganda , not description .
The term “ globalization ” is used for a specific form of international economic integration , designed — not surprisingly — in the interests of the designers : multinational corporations and the few powerful states to which they are closely linked .
An opposing form of globalization is being pursued by groups that are far more representative of the world ’s population , the mass global justice movements , which originated in the South but now have been joined by northern popular organizations and meet annually in the World Social Forum , which has spawned many regional and local social forums , concentrating on their own issues though within the same overarching framework .
The global justice movements are an entirely new phenomenon , perhaps the seeds of the kind of international that has been the hope of the workers movements and the left since their modern origins .
They are called “ antiglobalization ” in the reigning doctrinal systems , because they seek a form of globalization oriented towards the interests of people , not concentrated economic power — and unfortunately , they have often adopted this ridiculous terminology .
Official globalization is committed to so - called neoliberalism , also a highly misleading term : the regime is not new , and it is not liberal .
Neoliberalism is essentially the policy imposed by force on the colonies since the eighteenth century , while the currently wealthy countries radically violated these rules , with extensive reliance on state intervention in the economy and resort to measures that are now banned in the international economic order .
That was true of England and the countries that followed its path of protectionism and state intervention , including Japan , the one country of the South that escaped colonization and the one country that industrialized .
These facts are widely recognized by economic historians .
A comparison of the United States and Egypt in the early nineteenth century is one of many enlightening illustrations of the decisive role of sovereignty and massive state intervention in economic development .
Having freed itself from British rule , the United States was able to adopt British - style measures of state intervention , and developed .
Meanwhile British power was able to bar anything of the sort in Egypt , joining with France to impose Lord Palmerston ’s doctrine that “ No ideas therefore of fairness towards Mehemet [ Ali ] ought to stand in the way of such great and paramount interests ” as barring competition in the eastern Mediterranean .23 Palmerston expressed his “ hate ” for the “ ignorant barbarian ” who dared to undertake economic development .
Historical memories resonate when , today , Britain and France , fronting for the United States , demand that Iran suspend all activities related to nuclear and missile programs , including research and development , so that nuclear energy is barred and the country that is probably under the greatest threat of any in the world has no deterrent to attack — attack by the righteous , that is .
We might also recall that France and Britain played the crucial role in development of Israel ’s nuclear arsenal .
Imperial sensibilities are delicate indeed .
Had it enjoyed sovereignty , Egypt might have undergone an industrial revolution in the nineteenth century .
It shared many of the advantages of the United States , except independence , which allowed the United States to impose very high tariffs to bar superior British goods ( textiles , steel , and others ) .
The United States in fact became the world ’s leader in protectionism until the Second World War , when its economy so overwhelmed anyone else ’s that “ free competition ” was tolerable .
After the war , massive reliance on the dynamic state sector became a central component of the U.S. economy , even more than it had been before , continuing right to the present .
And the United States remains committed to protectionism , when useful .
The most extreme protectionism was during the Reagan years — accompanied , as usual , by eloquent odes to liberalism , for others .
Reagan virtually doubled protective barriers , and also turned to the usual device , the Pentagon , to overcome management failures and “ reindustrialize America , ” the slogan of the business press .
Furthermore , high levels of protectionism are built into the so - called “ free trade agreements , ” designed to protect the powerful and privileged , in the traditional manner .
The same was true of Britain ’s flirtation with “ free trade ” a century earlier , when 150 years of protectionism and state intervention had made Britain by far the world ’s most powerful economy , free trade seemed an option , given that the playing field was “ tilted ” in the right direction , to adapt the familiar metaphor .
But the British still hedged their bets .
They continued to rely on protected markets , state intervention , and also devices not considered by economic historians .
One such market was the world ’s most spectacular narcotrafficking enterprise , designed to break into the China market , and also producing profits that financed the Royal Navy , the administration of conquered India , and the purchase of U.S. cotton — the fuel of the industrial revolution .
U.S. cotton production was also based on radical state intervention : slavery , virtual extermination of the native population , and military conquest — almost half of Mexico , to mention one case relevant to current news .
When Britain could no longer compete with Japan , it closed off the empire in 1932 , followed by other imperial powers , a crucial part of the background for the Second World War .
The truth about free trade and economic development has only a limited resemblance to the doctrines professed .
Throughout modern history , democracy and development have had a common enemy : the loss of sovereignty .
In a world of states , it is true that decline of sovereignty entails decline of hope for democracy , and decline in ability to conduct social and economic policy .
That in turn harms development , a conclusion well confirmed by centuries of economic history .
The work of economic historian M. Shahid Alam is particularly enlightening in this respect .
In current terminology , the imposed regimes are called neoliberal , so it is fair to say that the common enemy of democracy and development is neoliberalism .
With regard to development , one can debate causality , because the factors in economic growth are so poorly understood .
But correlations are reasonably clear .
The countries that have most rigorously observed neoliberal principles , as in Latin America and elsewhere , have experienced a sharp deterioration of macroeconomic indicators as compared with earlier years .
Those that have ignored the principles , as in East Asia , have enjoyed rapid growth .
That neoliberalism harms democracy is understandable .
Virtually every feature of the neoliberal package , from privatization to freeing financial flows , undermines democracy for clear and well - known reasons .
The crises we face are real and imminent , and in each case means are available to overcome them .
The first step is understanding , then organization and appropriate action .
This is the path that has often been followed in the past , bringing about a much better world and leaving a legacy of comparative freedom and privilege , for some at least , which can be the basis for moving on .
Failure to do so is almost certain to lead to grim consequences , even the end of biology ’s only experiment with higher intelligence .
Notes
1. See Aaron David Miller , Search for Security ( Chapel Hill , NC : University of North Carolina Press , 1980 ) ; Irvine Anderson , Aramco , the United States and Saudi Arabia ( Princeton , NJ : Princeton University Press , 1981 ) ; Michael Stoff , Oil , War and American Security ( New Haven : Yale University Press , 1980 ) ; Steven Spiegel , The Other Arab - Israeli Conflict ( Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1985 ) , 51 .
2. National Security Strategy of the United States ( Washington DC : The White House , March 1990 ) .
3. Alan Cowell , “ Kurds Assert Few Outside Iraq Wanted Them to Win , ” New York Times , April 11 , 1991 .
4. Nina Kamp and Michael E. O’Hanlon , “ The State of Iraq , ” New York Times , March 19 , 2006 .
5. Walter Pincus , “ Skepticism About U.S. Deep , Iraq Poll Shows ; Motive for Invasion Is Focus of Doubts , ” Washington Post , November 12 , 2003 ; Richard Burkholder , “ Gallup Poll of Baghdad , ” Government & Public Affairs , October 28 , 2003 .
6. Michael MccGwire , “ The Rise and Fall of the NPT , ” International Affairs 81 ( January 2005 ) : 134 .
7. Zbigniew Brzezinski , “ Hegemonic Quicksand , ” National Interest 74 ( Winter 2003/2004 ) : 5 - 16 ; Stefan Wagstyl , “ Cheney Rebukes Putin on Energy ‘ Blackmail , ’ ” Financial Times , May 4 , 2006 .
8. See Ian Rutledge , Addicted to Oil ( London : I. B. Tauris , 2005 ) .
9. See Multinational Oil Corporation and U.S. Foreign Policy , Report to the Committee on Foreign Relations , U.S. Senate , January 2 , 1975 ( Washington DC : Government Printing Office , 1975 ) .
10 . Hal Weitzman , “ Nationalism Fuels Fears over Morales ’ Power , ” Financial Times , May 2 , 2006 .
11 . National Security Strategy of the United States ( Washington DC : The White House , March 2006 ) , 41 .
12 . David E. Sanger , “ China ’s Rising Need for Oil Is High on U.S. Agenda , ” New York Times , April 18 , 2006 .
13 . Editorial , New York Times , August 25 , 1966
14 . Mark Curtis , The Great Deception ( London : Pluto Press , 1998 ) , 133 .
15 . Darna Linzer , “ Past Arguments Do n’t Square with Current Iran Policy , ” Washington Post , March 27 , 2005 .
16 . Mohamed ElBaradei , “ Towards a Safer World , ” The Economist , October 16 , 2003 .
17 . Frank von Hippel , “ Coupling a Moratorium To Reductions as a First Step toward the Fissile - Material Cutoff Treaty , ” in Rakesh Sood , Frank von Hippel , and Morton Halperin , “ The Road to Nuclear Zero , ” Center for Advanced Study of India , 1998 , 17 .
18 . See Rebecca Johnson , “ 2004 UN First Committee , ” Disarmament Diplomacy 79 ( April / May 2005 ) , and Jean du Preez , “ The Fissban , ” Disarmament Diplomacy 79 ( April / May 2005 ) , http://www.acronym.org.
19 . Martin van Creveld , “ Sharon on the Warpath ” International Herald Tribune , August 21 , 2004 .
20 . Jeffrey Fleishman and Alissa Rubin , “ ElBaradei Asks for Restraint on Iran Sanctions , ” Los Angeles Times , March 31 , 2006 .
21 . Michael MccGwire , “ The Rise and Fall of the NPT , ” International Affairs 81 ( January 2005 ) , 127 ; John Steinbruner and Nancy Gallagher , “ Constructive Transformation , ” Daedalus 133 , no .
3 ( Summer 2004 ) : 99 ; Sam Nunn , “ The Cold War ’s Nuclear Legacy Has Lasted too Long , ” Financial Times , December 6 , 2004 .
22 . National Intelligence Council , Global Trends 2015 ( Washington DC , December 2000 ) ; U.S. Space Command , Vision for 2020 ( February 1997 ) , 7 ; Pentagon , Quadrennial Defense Review , May 1997 .
23 . See Afaf Lutfi al - Sayyid Marsot , Egypt in the Reign of Muhammad Ali ( New York : Cambridge University Press , 1984 ) , 240 ; Harold Temperley , England and the Near East ( London : Longmans , Green and Co. , 1936 ) .
NYTime にThis Can’t Be Loveという記事があったが，これはカマキリやクモなどに見られる交尾中の共食いの話でかなり面白かった．
私がこれまで聞いていた説明だと，交尾中のカマキリのオスがメスに食べられてしまうのはそうすることで受精の確率が上がるからだとかメスは単に目の前にある餌と区別がついていないとかいった説明だったのだが，腑に落ちない点もあった．
なぜならカマキリのオスがそうやすやすと食べられてしまうのであればそれを利用した捕食生物（たとえば別の種類のオスカマキリとか）が現れて絶滅するまで食べられてしまってもおかしくないからだ．そうすると結果的にそんな行動をとる種はいなくなり，我々が観察することもないはずになる．
まずここに挙げられていたデータで面白いのは，Chinese mantiasでメスカマキリが食べているもののうち，63%はオスカマキリであったという結果があるということ．
つまりメスカマキリは間違いや飢餓からしかたなしにオスカマキリを食べているわけではなくて，主食として（！）オスカマキリを食べていることになる．
しかしオスは自ら食べられたいと思うものだろうか？
食べられてしまうオスの方が食べられないオスよりも２倍子孫を残す確率が多かったという研究もあるようなのだが，これはメスとの接触の頻度や状態に依存しそうなのでこれで選択がかかったというのは今一つ納得できない．
卵を産むまでのメスカマキリはオスカマキリの栄養がなければ容易に死んでしまうほどの飢餓が常態なのだろうか？あるいはオスの競争は激しすぎて，進んで犠牲となるほど卑屈なオスでないと交尾できないのだろうか？
そこで，ニューヨーク州立大 のWilliam Brown氏らは，飢えたメスと満腹のメスを用意して，オスがどうアプローチするかを観察することで共食い行動がオスとメスの協調によるものでないことを明らかにした．
もし進んで犠牲となるのであり，それが性選択の結果であるなら，オスは飢えたメスに近づくだろうし，その逆なら満腹なメスに近づくだろうというわけだ．
その結果，オスはメスが満腹である方に積極的にアプローチし，お腹が空いていると遠くからジャンプして近づいてリスクを最小限にしようとする，と全く別の行動をとることがわかったそうだ．
つまりオスはメスが自分を狙っていることは重々承知で，なんとか生き延びようとするが，あえなく捕まってしまった場合はメスの栄養になってしまうということになる．もちろんメスの方も何とか食べてやろうと思っているわけだ．
こう考えるとオスが離れようとしたらメスが襲いかかることや，golden orb spiderでオスがメスが食事中に寄ってきて交尾しようとするのもよく理解できる．
もうこれは同じ種とはいっても闘争に近い関係だ．
じゃあカマキリのオスも自分を食べるようなメスを避けたり，まずメスに食べ物を提供しておいて交尾するようにすればいい気もするのだが，Brown氏はメスの方もフェロモンでオスをおびき寄せるように進化して，危険と分かっていてもオスは近づいてしまうのではないかと考えているそうだ．
まあなんというか，擬人化すると胸が苦しくなる．（笑）
Eating vegetables , not fruit , helps slow down the rate of cognitive change in older adults , according to a study published in the October 24 , 2006 , issue of Neurology , the scientific journal of the American Academy of Neurology .
In determining whether there was an association between vegetables , fruit and cognitive decline , researchers from Rush University Medical Center studied 3,718 residents in Chicago , Illinois , who were age 65 and older .
Participants completed a food frequency questionnaire and received at least two cognitive tests over a six - year period .
“ Compared to people who consumed less than one serving of vegetables a day , people who ate at least 2.8 servings of vegetables a day saw their rate of cognitive change slow by roughly 40 percent , said study author Martha Clare Morris , ScD , associate professor at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago , Illinois .
“ This decrease is equivalent to about 5 years of younger age . ”
Of the different types of vegetables consumed by participants , green leafy vegetables had the strongest association to slowing the rate of cognitive decline .
The study also found the older the person , the greater the slowdown in the rate of cognitive decline if that person consumed more than two servings of vegetables a day .
Surprisingly , the study found fruit consumption was not associated with cognitive change .
“ This was unanticipated and raises several questions , ” said Morris .
“ It may be due to vegetables containing high amounts of vitamin E , which helps lowers the risk of cognitive decline .
Vegetables , but not fruits , are also typically consumed with added fats such as salad dressings , and fats increase the absorption of vitamin E. Further study is required to understand why fruit is not associated with cognitive change . ”
Morris says the study ’s findings can be used to simplify public health messages by saying people should eat more or less of foods in a specific food group , not necessarily more or less of individual foods .
The study was supported by grants from the National Institute on Aging .
… in the Google v. DOJ case ?
Well , I 've argued it 's the slippery slope .
But reading through the subpoena , it 's clear that from where Google stands , there 's something else at stake .
Remember this whole goat rodeo ( on the size of indexes ) ?
Remember how slippery both Yahoo and Google got when …
… in the Google v. DOJ case ?
Well , I ’ve argued it ’s the slippery slope .
But reading through the subpoena , it ’s clear that from where Google stands , there ’s something else at stake .
Remember this whole goat rodeo ( on the size of indexes ) ?
Remember how slippery both Yahoo and Google got when we tried to figure out exactly how many documents were in their indexes ?
Well , turns out , that ’s pretty much what the DOJ is trying to do as well .
Hence , Google ’s defense on a “ trade secrets ” basis .
Apparently , the subpoena originally asked for a lot more than just a million addresses , as reported Thursday .
From the motion the DOJ filed to force Google to comply with the subpoena :
“ The subpoena asks Google to produce an electronic file containing ‘ [ a ]ll URL ’s that rea available to be located through a query on your company ’s search engine as of July 31 2005 . ”
and
“ all queries that have been entered on your company ’ search engine between June 1 , 2005 and July 31 , 2005 . ”
HELLO .
You think Google is going to give that over ?
Me no think so .
This is why Google originally fought the order .
The DOJ then narrowed its request to a random sample of one million URLs and agreed to not ask for personally identifying info on the search queries , but it still wants all search queries for a one week period .
No way in hell Google would give that up , given the company ’s penchant for secrecy .
Sure , the DOJ might guarantee that the data would not enter the public record , but , once in the DOJ ’s hands , it ’s out of Google ’s control .
So how to fight it ?
Well , standing up to the DOJ and getting major praise for doing so is a very smart strategy , in my book .
As much as I ’d love to believe Google is fighting this for heroic reasons , I ’d wager that the data has more to do with it .
Also , just a note , but it ’s interesting to note that Google now has its very own DOJ case , just like Microsoft did .
( Gary has a thorough overview of the docs in the case here ) .
Patty documentation
I 'll occasionally draw parallels to Haskell concepts in this document .
If you do n't know Haskell , you can safely ignore them .
Basic knowledge of Common Lisp is assumed .
In the context of Patty , functional data structures means especially immutability and putting much information about objects into types .
CLOS is a very powerful object system .
In most cases , you need only a subset of it 's functionality .
Patty is a thin layer on top of CLOS that makes the definition of and work with functional data structures concise and easy .
More info and downloads can be found at the project page .
First , load the patty system and use the patty package :
( asdf:oos ' asdf:load - op " patty " ) ( use - package : patty )
We start by defining an abstract base type for all path objects :
( defdata - type path ( ) )
This expands into a defclass form with a the abstract - class class from the patty .mop package as metaclass .
The first argument is the class name , the second is a list of superclasses .
We can't instantiate path , but we can use it in method specializers and define instantiable subclasses .
Next we define the pathroot type as a subtype of path .
We can put a documentation string after the superclass list :
( defdata - type pathroot ( path ) " A pathroot can name a host , or a drive , or the root directory of a unix filesystem , or the current directory , etc. " )
Additionally , a path has a list of directory / file names .
We define the type pathlist for this purpose :
( defun list - of - strings - p ( list ) ( or ( null list ) ( and ( stringp ( car list ) ) ( list - of - strings - p ( cdr list ) ) ) ) )
( deftype pathlist ( ) '( and list ( satisfies list - of - strings - p ) ) )
Path objects can be manipulated , combined and transformed via a protocol of generic functions .
In Haskell , this would be a type class :
( defgeneric pathroot ( path ) ( : documentation " Get the root of a path .
The result is of type pathroot . " ) ( : method ( ( path pathroot ) ) path ) )
( defgeneric pathlist ( path ) ( : documentation " Get the directory / filename list , of type pathlist . " ) ( : method ( ( _ pathroot ) ) nil ) )
( defgeneric absolutep ( path ) ( : documentation " Is this path absolute ? " ) )
( defgeneric join - paths ( a b ) ( : documentation " Get a path that refers to the file / directory b under the directory a " ) ( : method ( ( a path ) ( b path ) ) ( error " Ca n't join pathes ~S and ~ S. " a b ) ) )
( defgeneric path= ( a b ) ( : documentation " Are the paths a and b equal ? " ) ( : method ( ( a path ) ( b path ) ) nil ) )
( defgeneric native - path ( path ) ( : documentation " Convert path into a string in the platforms native filename syntax . " ) )
Unix paths
Now we 'll implement this protocol for Unix filenames .
A unix filename can be relative to the current directory , or relative to the root directory .
In the former case it 's a relative filename , in the latter case an absolute one .
Let 's capture this in types :
( defdata - type unix - path ( path ) ) ( defdata - type relative - path ( unix - path ) ) ( defdata - type absolute - path ( unix - path ) )
The " base " case for an absolute path is the root directory .
The base case for a relative path is the current directory :
( defdata - unique root - dir ( pathroot absolute - path ) ( : derive - equal path= ) )
( defdata - unique current - dir ( pathroot relative - path ) ( : derive - equal path= ) )
The instances of a type defined via defdata - unique have no instance slots , that is , all information is in the type itself .
Thus defdata - unique creates a class whose metaclass is singleton - class ( from the patty . mop package ) and every call to make - instance returns the same object ( but consider this as an implementation detail ) .
The : derive - equal option adds a method to the path= function .
All other paths have a pathlist with at least one element :
( deftype not - empty - pathlist ( ) '( and cons pathlist ) )
( defdata - type regular - path ( unix - path ) ( : slots ( pathlist : type not - empty - pathlist :equality equal ) ) )
Here we see the syntax for adding slots .
The slot definition generates the pathlist reader method .
No writer method is generated and the slot name is gensym'd .
The :equality option says that slot values should be compared with the equal function ( it defaults to eql when the :equality option is not given ) .
This is used to generate an equality method when the : derive - equal option is specified for an instantiable subclass .
We define two concrete subtypes for regular - path :
( defdata - object regular - absolute - path ( regular - path absolute - path ) ( : derive - equal path= ) )
( defdata - object regular - relative - path ( regular - path relative - path ) ( : derive - equal path= ) )
defdata - object defines an instantiable class with instance slots .
In this case , the only instance slot is inherited from regular - path .
OK , we 've got all data types now !
What 's left to do ?
Methods for pathroot , join - paths , absolutep and native - path .
Here comes defmethods into play .
Let 's start with pathroot :
( defmethods pathroot ( = ( ( _ relative - path ) ) ( make current - dir ) ) (= ( ( _ absolute - path ) ) ( make root - dir ) ) )
Each clause that starts with an = sign adds a method to the generic function pathroot .
Per convention , the underline is used for unused parameter names .
The best way to learn defmethods is to macroexpand the examples given here .
On to absolutep :
( defmethods absolutep ( = ( ( _ relative - path ) ) nil ) ( = ( ( _ absolute - path ) ) t ) )
Nothing new here , join - paths gets more interesting :
( defmethods join - paths ( = ( ( a absolute - path ) ( b regular - relative - path ) ) ( mk regular - absolute - path ) ) ( = ( ( a relative - path ) ( b regular - relative - path ) ) ( mk regular - relative - path ) ) ( syntax mk ( regclass ) `( make , regclass : pathlist ( append ( pathlist a ) ( pathlist b ) ) ) ) )
A syntax clause defines a macro that is available in the defmethods body .
A defmethods can have any number of syntax clauses .
( defmethods native - path ( = ( ( _ current - dir ) ) " . " ) ( = ( ( path unix - path ) ) ( with - output - to - string ( res ) ( when ( absolutep path ) ( write - char # \/ res ) ) ( labels ( ( out ( components ) ( write - string ( car components ) res ) ( when ( cdr components ) ( write - char # \/ res ) ( out ( cdr components ) ) ) ) ) ( when ( pathlist path ) ( out ( pathlist path ) ) ) ) ) ) )
For convenience , we specify a print - object method for paths :
( defmethod print - object ( ( path path ) stream ) ( write `( path , ( native - path path ) ) : stream stream ) )
And finally , we can play at the REPL :
Correction Appended
WASHINGTON , Nov. 19 — The threat of arrest and punishment , for decades the primary tactic against drunken drivers , is no longer working in the struggle to reduce the death toll , officials say , and they are proposing turning to technology — alcohol detection devices in every vehicle — to address the problem .
In the first phase of the plan , Mothers Against Drunk Driving , backed by a national association of state highway officials and car manufacturers , will announce here on Monday a campaign to change drunken driving laws in 49 states to require that even first offenders install a device that tests drivers and shuts down the car if it detects alcohol .
Many states already require the devices , known as ignition interlocks , for people who have been convicted several times .
Last year New Mexico became the second state , after Washington , to make them mandatory after a first offense .
With that tactic and others , the state saw an 11.3 percent drop in alcohol - related fatalities last year .
New Mexico was not the only state to record a decline in alcohol - related motoring deaths , and several states showed even bigger drops .
For example , from 2004 to 2005 , Maryland showed a decrease to 235 from 286 , or 17.8 percent .
In New Mexico , which has had a chronic problem with drunken driving , state officials cited the new rule on interlocks as a significant factor in their campaign to cut the fatality rate .
The rule did not take effect until June 17 , 2005 .
Op-ed : Stop trying to ' save '
Africa
Saving Africa has become the sexy , en vogue cause of a new generation of politically active Westerners , writes author Uzodinma Iweala , in an editorial in today 's Washington Post .
" It seems that these days , wracked by guilt at the humanitarian crisis it has created in the Middle East , the West has turned to Africa for redemption , " says Iweala .
Africans , he writes , though appreciative of the help , " question whether aid is genuine or given in the spirit of affirming one 's cultural superiority . "
Pointing to the recent I am African campaign , in which celebrities were depicted with " tribal markings " on their faces to show solidarity with Africa , writes Iweala , " Such campaigns , however well intentioned , promote the stereotype of Africa as a black hole of disease and death . "
The Western media also often fails to recognize the good work that Africans do for Africa , he says .
While Angelina Jolie and Bono receive overwhelming media coverage for the humanitarian work they do to in Africa , work done by Africans such as Nwankwo Kanu or Dikembe Mutombo is largely marginalized or outright ignored .
Africa does not want to be " saved , " concludes Iweala .
Africa wants to be recognized as a productive part of the global community that can be " capable of unprecedented growth . "
READ THE FULL WASHINGTON POST EDITORIAL HERE
The site of the World Trade Center in a file photo .
New York City will continue searching for remains of victims of the September 11 attacks indefinitely , saying on Tuesday it could no longer complete the task in one year as planned .
REUTERS / Chip East
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - New York City will continue searching for remains of victims of the September 11 attacks indefinitely , saying on Tuesday it could no longer complete the task in one year as planned .
Bits of human remains continue to turn up more than five years after the attacks that killed 2,759 people in New York , including the 10 hijackers aboard the two jetliners that crashed into the World Trade Center .
Remains have not been found for all of the victims .
Surviving relatives say it helps with their grieving to know that some physical remains have been recovered .
Edward Skyler , New York ’s deputy mayor for administration , told Mayor Michael Bloomberg in a report on Tuesday that the city medical examiner ’s office will continue to sift through excavations in areas surrounding the crash site , looking for human remains .
“ Due to the additional material that needs to be excavated and sifted , the one - year goal for this operation is no longer attainable , ” Skyler wrote .
“ In fact , our experience over the last nine months and the ongoing rebuilding of the World Trade Center will continue in one form or another for the foreseeable future . ”
The former World Trade Center site and surrounding areas are now a construction zone , with four skyscrapers in the works .
In addition , a former bank building just off the site where some remains have been found is being demolished to make way for a new office tower .
In all 2,992 people died in the 2001 attacks in New York , Virginia and Pennsylvania .
Terrorist Special Olympics in the UK
First London and then Glasgow .
Who are these idiots ?
Is there a Special Olympics for terrorists going on in the UK this week ?
Two points about Glasgow :
One , airport security worked .
And two , putting a propane tank into a car and driving into a building at high speed is the sort of thing that only works in old episodes of The A Team .
On television , you get a massive , extensive explosion .
In real life , you only get a small localized fire .
I am particularly pleased with the reaction from the Scots , which is measured and reasonable .
No one was hurt ; no need to panic .
Life goes on .
On the other hand , who invites their friends to come along on a suicide mission ?
Posted on July 2 , 2007 at 9:19 AM • 124 Comments
Propagandists use a variety of propaganda techniques to influence opinions and to avoid the truth .
Often these techniques rely on some element of censorship or manipulation , either omitting significant information or distorting it .
Rhetorical Techniques
During the period between World Wars I and II , the now - defunct Institute for Propaganda Analysis ( IPA ) developed a list of common rhetorical techniques used for propaganda purposes .
Their list included the following :
Other Techniques / Terms
Recommended Books
Anthony R. Pratkanis and Elliot Aronson , Age of Propaganda : The Everyday Use and Abuse of Persuasion , Owl Books , March 2001 .
ISBN 0805074031 ISBN 978-0805074031
Photograph by Mike McGregor
Which is prettier ?
A picture of a black cat sleeping on a pillow or one of a curly - haired brunette woman in a miniskirt ?
I 've got only a few seconds to decide .
I vote for the cat .
I 'm sitting in a laboratory at Carnegie Mellon University , playing Matchin ' , a computer game developed by Luis von Ahn .
In the game , two players — von Ahn and I , seated at different terminals — watch as pairs of pictures swiped off the Internet flash up on our screens .
Our goal is to pick the one we think both of us will find more attractive , not necessarily the one we personally prefer .
This requires a sort of mindmeld , and it does n't always work : Von Ahn picks the girl in the miniskirt instead of the cat .
We 've got one minute to process as many pictures as we can , so we race on frantically , evaluating photos in an instant .
Soon we hit a groove :
We both say that a picture of a peacock is prettier than one of a picnic , a baby is lovelier than a tombstone , a wedding couple beats a field of wheat .
Then the game is suddenly over , and we get our score :
We agreed 70 percent of the time .
Pretty good , but not enough to hit the high - score tables .
" Man , " laughs von Ahn .
" You picked some weird stuff ! "
__Games that Help Solve Computing Problems .
Your Turn . __
Luis von
Ahn 's new games pair random players to solve a computing problem .
Because the two players get points when their answers match , the accuracy — and fun quotient — increases .
To try them , go to www.gwap.com.
1 ) Matchin '
Players are shown the same pair of images , then each tries to pick the one they 'll both agree is more attractive .
Creates a database of images searchable by aesthetic value , a task no algorithm can perform .
2 ) Babble Two English - speaking players are shown a sentence in a foreign language that neither of them speak .
A list of possible English meanings appears below each word .
Players try to agree upon a set of English words that forms the most coherent sentence .
Translates foreign text into English without requiring anyone fluent in both languages .
__3 ) InTune __Players listen to the same audioclip and then try to come up with the same phrase to characterize it .
Tags sounds with searchable descriptive text .
4 ) Squigl
Two players are shown the same picture and a word describing an element within the image ( e.g. , a picture of a dog and the word " leash " ) .
They each draw a border around the element .
Produces a set of pictures with their internal components tagged — terrific for very specific image searches .
5 ) Verbosity
One player is given a word , and the other tries to guess that word by completing phrases such as " It is near a ____ " or " It is a type of ____ . "
The first player answers " true " or " false " but ca n't use the word itself .
Creates a database of commonsense knowledge describing the objects .
It 's an oddly enjoyable game .
But Matchin ' is also a covert experiment in artificial intelligence .
Every time players agree on a picture , it 's tagged as prettier .
Von
Ahn , a 28 - year - old professor of computer science at Carnegie Mellon , will put the game online this summer , and as thousands of people play it , his database of 100,000 photos will be imbued with something quintessentially human : an aesthetic sensibility , encoded as a ranking of attractiveness .
The game basically tricks humans into teaching computers what constitutes prettiness .
If enough people play Matchin ' — and von
Ahn 's previous games have garnered millions of play - hours — it could eventually rate the appeal of every image on the Internet .
Google could incorporate the ratings into its search engine , so you could search specifically for " beautiful " pictures of houses , people , or landscapes .
" People are good at figuring out what 's attractive , and computers are good at quickly searching and finding , " von Ahn says .
" You put them together , and bang ! "
This is " human computation , " the art of using massive groups of networked human minds to solve problems that computers cannot .
Ask a machine to point to a picture of a bird or pick out a particular voice in a crowd , and it usually fails .
But even the most dim - witted human can do this easily .
Von
Ahn has realized that our normal view of the human - computer relationship can be inverted .
Most of us assume computers make people smarter .
He sees people as a way to make computers smarter .
Odds are you 've already benefited from von
Ahn 's work .
Like when you type in one of those stretched and skewed words before getting access to a Yahoo email account or the Ticketmaster store .
That 's a Captcha , which von Ahn developed in 2000 to thwart spambots .
Or there 's von
Ahn 's picture - labeling games , which have lured thousands of bored Web surfers into tagging 300,000 photos online — doing it so effectively that Google bought his idea last year to improve its Image Search engine .
Last winter , von Ahn was awarded a $ 500,000 MacArthur genius grant , and in April he received another $ 200,000 as one of Microsoft 's New Faculty fellows .
This summer he 's putting the money to good use , launching five new games that will identify sounds , give computers commonsense logic , and even help scanners perfect their optical character recognition .
" Captchas would be enough for most people to build their entire career on , " marvels Josh Benaloh , a cryptographer at Microsoft who hired von Ahn as a summer intern just three years ago .
" Luis keeps coming up with new stuff . "
Von
Ahn wants to harvest every idle moment in our lives and turn it to productive use .
If the world 's computer solitaire players could be coaxed into enjoying a game that contributed to solving a computing problem , he calculates , it would produce billions of man-hours of labor each year .
" Basically , I want to make all of humanity more efficient by exploiting the human cycles that get wasted , " he tells me over lunch at a diner near his lab in Pittsburgh .
" As humanity goes online , it 's becoming an extremely advanced , large - scale processing unit . "
I suddenly realize how very weird the world appears from inside von
Ahn 's head .
He gestures around the restaurant .
I see businessmen eating hamburgers , a couple chatting over coffee , waitresses hustling to fill orders ; von Ahn sees idle processors waiting to be put to use .
" Together , " he says , " we 're the biggest supercomputer in the world . "
New Captchas Help Digitize the World 's Libraries
Captchas thwart spambots .
Now reCaptchas are helping digitize the world 's libraries .
Captcha A regular Captcha helps keep bots off of Web sites .
You read the skewed word and type it in .
If you get it right , you 've proved you 're a human and are allowed access .
reCaptchas
The next - gen test presents two skewed words bisected by a line , making machine deciphering even harder .
Both are taken from the Internet Archive 's project to scan public - domain books .
One word is known to the computer ; the other could n't be read by the Archive 's scanners , so when you type it in you 're doing a tiny bit of work for the project .
__The son of two __doctors in Guatemala City —
" They said to me , ‘ Son , you can do anything you want , but do n't be a doctor ' " — von
Ahn grew up speaking fluent English and geeking out on Commodore computers .
In 2000 , he enrolled in the computer science graduate program at Carnegie Mellon , where he became fascinated by cryptography .
It was n't the programming that intrigued him so much as the paranoid psychology :
He loved thinking about the ways people break security systems and especially the problem of how to verify that someone is who they say they are .
Making sure that people are real , as it turned out , was precisely the problem that confronted Yahoo .
Bots were running wild on the company 's site , spamming chat rooms and email accounts , and Udi Manber , the company 's head of technology at the time , could n't figure out how to stop them .
Manber discussed the problem with Manuel Blum , a computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon and von Ahn 's PhD adviser .
To keep the bots from setting up bogus accounts , Yahoo needed a Turing test , a challenge that humans could pass but computers could n't .
Visual recognition was just such a task .
Blum and von
Ahn set about designing a test .
Von
Ahn wrote a program that generates four random letters and numbers , distorts them , and places them on a fuzzy background .
Type in the four characters correctly and you 're in .
Von Ahn dubbed his invention the Completely Automated Public Turing Test to Tell Computers and Humans Apart — or Captcha — and when Yahoo began using it , the spambot problem was greatly reduced .
Soon , Ticketmaster was using Captchas to keep scalper - bots at bay , and AOL and Microsoft adopted them to protect their email systems .
Von
Ahn got to thinking :
If people could so easily recognize pictures of letters and numbers , could he coax them to use this ability to identify and label the vast number of images on the Web ?
It would n't be easy .
If he simply showed people pictures and asked them to type in a label , odds are they would screw it up — using an incorrect or weird word .
So he began thinking like a crypto grapher .
Perhaps he could get strangers online to verify each other 's output .
If two people agreed on the same word to describe an image , each would be holding the other to account .
The way to do it , he realized , was as a game .
It would pull images off the Web , then randomly pair two players from around the world .
They would be shown the same images , then each would type in as many words as they could to describe those images , hoping to hit upon the same ones as their anonymous partner .
They 'd get 50 points for each match , and two and a half minutes to earn as many points as possible .
Von
Ahn suspected that whenever the players agreed on a word — " meadow " to describe a tree - lined clearing , for example — they would be choosing a highly accurate label for the picture .
Von
Ahn cobbled the game together in a week — " crappy , totally terrible code , " he admits — and threw it online .
He dubbed it The ESP Game and emailed the URL to a few friends .
Within days it was Slashdotted , whereupon his server nearly crashed under the load of new players .
Astonished , von
Ahn watched for the next four months as 13,000 players produced 1.3 million labels for some 300,000 images — with a few hardcore fans clocking more than 50 hours of play .
" It 's like crack , " as one player complained in an email to von Ahn .
The labels his players generated were far more accurate than what other image - search technologies produced .
Most search engines are limited to sniffing out words associated with a picture , such as the name given to the image , words in the page around it , or links pointing to it .
That 's inherently imprecise :
When von
Ahn recently searched for " dog " on Google , a third of the pictures showed no dogs at all .
When he queried the *ESP * database , almost all the results contained canines .
Better yet , players often generated labels that were subtle and nuanced .
A search for " funny " found a picture of Ronald McDonald being hauled away by police and one of Queen Elizabeth picking her nose .
In December 2005 , von Ahn demo'd his game at Google .
After the presentation , Sergey Brin and Larry Page approached him .
" They stayed for the whole speech , which apparently they never do , and then came up and said , ‘ Hey , let 's commercialize this , ' " von Ahn recalls .
Four months later they had licensed the game , and in August 2006 they debuted it as the Google Image Labeler , quietly using it to make the company 's database of images better and smarter .
The day I met up with von
Ahn , he and his team of 10 students were in their lab working on a set of new games they 're launching in July .
The goal , as with ESP , is to harness human labor to do the important work for which computers are ill suited — and to make the process so entertaining that people are happy to do it for free .
But there 's one big problem :
Some of the games just are n't fun to play .
Von
Ahn rocks back in a big leather chair , frowning faintly as Edith Law , a 27 - year - old student , plays InTune with Severin Hacker , an exchange student from Switzerland .
In the game , two players listen to a sound — pulled from the Freesound Project , a European database of noises — and try to generate the same word to describe it in just a few seconds .
The goal is to label the sounds so they 're searchable , not only by obvious descriptive words ( " guitars , " " waterfalls " ) but also by emotional responses ( " sounds that make you happy " ) .
The problem is , the sounds are so obscure that no one in the room can figure out what the heck they are .
The first one is vaguely like a sci- fi laser ... maybe .
The next is a perplexing low drone .
Then it 's a bouquet of echoey chirping that might have been a bunch of angry crickets .
Law cocks her head toward the laptop speaker and looks completely baffled .
" OK , " von Ahn says abruptly after an excruciating minute or two .
" This is n't working . "
Nobody 's going to play a game that asks them to decipher impenetrable noise .
" If we want people to enjoy the game , " he tells his team , " we need to be playing them clips of things they care about , things that are fun — like pop music .
We need , like , Britney Spears ! "
" I do n't have any , " sighs Law .
" Well , if it is n't like that , it wo n't be fun , and no one will play it , " he replies .
This is the problem faced by all of von
Ahn 's human computation projects .
People will contribute their brainpower , but only if they 're given an enjoyable , time - killing experience in exchange .
Play is the unexpected glue that lashes human brains together into a global overmind .
So to build a good human - computation project , you can't merely be a scientist ; you also need to be a videogame designer .
This , as it turns out , is a significant hurdle , because few academics are trained in game design .
Von
Ahn tries to find students who have done it themselves : Law worked for Ubisoft , and others have programmed their own indie Flash games .
" Game design is a funny thing , " von Ahn admits .
" There are people out there who are really good at it , but it 's not clear that they can teach it .
It 's a very intuitive process .
It 's an art . "
His team has generated dozens of concepts in the past year , and this summer von
Ahn will launch five of them on the Web ( see " Serious Play , " this page ) .
The others , however , failed this crucial test — they just were n't entertaining enough .
Which raises a question :
Are von
Ahn 's games inherently limited to simple challenges ?
If the overmind will process only pleasant tasks , how many deep problems can it really tackle ?
Most projects that harness human processing power rely on a different motivator : money .
Many companies use Amazon 's Mechanical
Turk to farm out informational piecework , usually for about 10 cents a task .
These are often quick - hit recognition jobs that computers can't perform .
PriceGrabber .com uses thousands of Web surfers to update its catalog by hunting down and in putting descriptive information on products .
A mapping firm called Geospatial Vision hires crowds to pore over satellite pictures of cities and identify tiny features like lampposts and road signs .
" There are 6 billion human beings in the world .
We could do a lot of stuff if we all work together , " says Peter Cohen , director of Mechanical Turk .
Other companies have designed their own collaboration engines : Threadless sells T - shirts designed and rated by visitors to the Web site ; Eli Lilly takes scientific problems that its in - house researchers can't crack and posts them online .
There 's a site that mashes up human computation and dating called I 'm in Like With You .
The idea has even been floated as a security concept : Jay Walker , the founder of Priceline.com , has argued that companies , and even the government , could hire online crowds to cheaply monitor security cameras from home .
Von
Ahn has figured out how to get this labor — and tons of it — for free .
But because it 's so devilishly hard to make things fun , he 's in a category by himself :
No other researcher or company has successfully turned a collaborative project into a game .
Two years ago , Bryan Russell , a graduate student at MIT , launched LabelMe , a project in which contributors draw outlines around objects in photos .
The goal is to produce marked - up images that can be used to train visual - recognition software .
Russell says he considered making it a game but ended up relying on the altruism of other researchers in his field .
Boundary drawing is a tedious task , he says , and it 's best performed by visual - recognition experts .
" We wanted high - quality labeling , and it's hard to get average people to do it well , " Russell says .
" I 'm not sure you could make a game out of it . "
Indeed , because nobody verifies the output from von
Ahn 's games , the results can occasionally raise eyebrows .
Players in * The ESP Game * attached the label " Saddam " to a picture of the mustachioed actor Walter Matthau .
A picture of George W. Bush was given the obvious labels " Bush , " " George , " and " president " — but also " dumb " and " yuck . "
Von
Ahn defends the results ; the point , he argues , is to create image descriptions that are meaningful to humans , and those labels certainly are .
( Matthau did sort of look like Saddam Hussein , after all , and Bush ... oh , never mind . )
Wikipedia has to confront this all the time :
Which produces better results — a small group of experts or a huge mob of amateurs ?
Von
Ahn realizes that some tasks are inherently unenjoyable — until you make them a game .
People show up to play for two minutes and stay an hour .
" I feel kind of bad sometimes about how I 'm sucking them in , " he jokes .
Matchin ' will offer players a side benefit .
If they 're intrigued by their partner 's answers , they can click a button to introduce themselves , turning it into a dating game .
Some of his games may turn out to have deadly serious applications :
This spring , von Ahn got a call from the Department of Homeland Security .
He went to Washington to meet with DHS officials , and together they devised a game in which people are challenged to find dangerous objects in images of x-rayed baggage .
The pictures would be fed from airport scanners , and players would act as a second set of eyes for overtaxed security employees .
If enough players noticed something amiss , an alert would be triggered .
Von
Ahn knows how kooky this sounds .
" They 're not trying to get rid of the screener in the airport , " he says .
" The idea is to provide assistance .
It 's a difficult task ; maybe with 10 helpers , that guy can do a better job . "
To allay security and privacy concerns , only Homeland Security officials behind a government firewall will be allowed to play the game when it launches .
Still , von
Ahn was stunned that the department was willing to even entertain such a concept .
" They have some very intelligent people , and they 're very forward - thinking .
But I was like , ‘ You 're thinking about what ? ' "
Like most crypto freaks , von
Ahn worries all the time about people breaking his systems .
Cheating at human computation games would corrupt the data .
And he's not necessarily being paranoid ; hackers have relentlessly attacked von
Ahn 's creations in the past .
Ever since Captchas hit the Net , spammers have tried , with some success , to bust them .
Some have hired third - world workers to solve them by hand — ironically , a Mechanical Turk like approach .
Others have offered free online porn to surfers willing to solve Captchas .
The stakes are high .
Every day , thousands of spam blogs are created that threaten to corrupt search results , and companies like Ticketmaster lose consumer confidence when scalper - bots jump the queue for tickets .
Von
Ahn does n't worry too much about the use of cheap overseas workers to defeat Captchas ; solving each one manually takes too long to cause much damage .
What concerns him is that spammers are developing algorithms to solve the puzzles .
So he 's fighting back .
In late May , von Ahn launched reCaptcha , a service that he believes is the toughest Captcha yet devised .
ReCaptcha presents users with two stretched and skewed words , each bisected by a diagonal line .
The line poses a particular problem for visual - recognition spambots , because machine vision has trouble with boundaries ; if it can't figure out where one character ends and another begins , it can't separate the letters .
Humans can do this easily , so we simply enter the two words and we 're in .
But reCaptcha has an even sneakier — and more delightful — purpose .
The words are pulled from the book - scanning project of the Internet Archive , a nonprofit project in San Francisco that aims to digitize millions of public - domain books and put them online for free .
One of the two words in the test is the control word :
The gatekeeper computer knows what it should be , so it 's there to make sure the puzzle - solver is indeed human .
But the other word is there for a different reason .
The Archive 's scanners are good , but some of the words are too smudgy for the software to decipher .
The game takes the image of each smudgy word and puts it into reCaptcha .
Each time someone completes a reCaptcha puzzle , they 'll be doing a tiny bit of work — translating that difficult image into text , which von Ahn eventually feeds back into the Archive .
It is von Ahn 's mania for efficiency taken to its logical extreme .
Since people are going to be forced to solve Captchas every day , he figures , why not use that labor ?
" Every time somebody does one , they basically waste 10 seconds of their life , " he says .
" By inventing Captchas , I 've essentially become this huge time waster .
So the question is , can we get you to do work for those 10 seconds ? "
Roughly 50 million Captchas are solved each day .
If von Ahn can acquire just a fifth of those users , he 'll have a stunning 30,000 daily man-hours of work at his disposal .
It would constitute the world 's fastest and most accurate character - recognition computer , processing 10 million words a day .
At that rate , the Archive 's books become a trivial problem : Von Ahn could dispatch them in months .
He 's planning to launch a company — Games With a Purpose — to market the system , and he 's already in talks with a major newspaperto digitize its 150 - year back catalog .
Beyond that , there are hundreds of law firms with equally vast scanning needs that von Ahn could service .
He even envisions putting his massive virtual organization to work for banks .
They currently pay full - time employees to look at each check before it 's cashed , verifying that the numerical amount matches the amount written out in longhand .
It 's another task that only humans can do — but it could be farmed out to reCaptcha .
Von
Ahn says it 's not yet clear what the limits of such an enormous human computer would be .
" We 're still not thinking big enough , " he tells me at one point .
" If we have that many people all doing some little part , we could do something insanely huge for humanity . "
" We 'll never run out of things to digitize , " he adds .
Or human brains to do it .
clive thompson ( clive@clive thompson.net ) wrote about radical transparency in issue 15.04 .
The Mediterranean cuisine considers olive oil one of the healthiest types of food .
Now it appears it has a hidden quality : it can even fight the Human Immunodeficiency Virus ( HIV ) , as found by a team from the University of Granada , Spain , headed by Professor Andr?s Garc ?
a- Granados , senior lecturer in Organic Chemistry .
The researchers revealed that the maslinic acid , a natural chemical extracted from dry olive - pomace oil in oil mills , stops the action of the serin - protease , an enzyme employed by HIV to free itself from the infected cell into the extracellular medium , in order to spread the infection into the whole body .
The olive - pomace oil slowed down the infection spreading by 80 % .
Maslinic or crataegolic acid is a pentacyclic terpene with antioxidant and anticancer action encountered in wax from olive skin , alongside oleanolic acid .
Its effects are also examined by another team at the Hospital Carlos III in Madrid , led by Prof. Vallejo N?jera .
The anti-protease inhibition activity of the maslinic acid permitted the Granada team to develop a drug also against the infections caused by protozoa Cryptosporidium , that induces small intestine infection and diarrhea .
This team has already registered about ten other patents linked to this chemical 's properties .
The action of the maslinic acid also spreads over the opportunistic parasitic infections accompanying HIV infections that take advantage of the depressed immune system caused by HIV .
The team tested MT2 cell line and concentrations of 25 and 30 ?g/ ml maslinic acid were found to inhibit replication of a primary HIV - 1 isolate .
25 ?g/ml dropped in the cytopathic effect ( deadly changes in the cell ) and p24 antigen levels ( sign of active infection ) in the supernatant culture medium was spotted .
At 30 ?g/ml , the cytopathic effect lacked totally and p24 antigen levels decreased .
The dry olive - pomace oil produced at the olive - milling stage during olive oil elaboration process contains both oleanolic and maslinic acids , but only oleanolic acid , produced in China , is found on the market .
Still , maslinic acid now appears to be more biologically potent .
GNOME 2.14 Release Notes
1. What 's New For Users
The GNOME Project 's focus on users and usability continues in GNOME 2.14 with its hundreds of bug fixes and user - requested improvements .
But the sheer number of enhancements make it impossible to list every change and improvement that have been made .
This page hopes to highlight some of the more exciting user - oriented features in this release of GNOME .
1.1 . Performance Improvements
Just as you would tune your car , our skilled engineers have striven to tune many parts of GNOME to be as fast as possible .
Several important components of the GNOME desktop are now measurably faster , including text rendering , memory allocation , and numerous individual applications .
Faster font rendering and memory allocation benefit all GNOME and GTK + based applications without the need for recompilation .
Some applications have received special attention to make sure they are performing at their peak .
GNOME Terminal , the terminal emulator for the GNOME desktop , has been optimized in several ways to make it faster and , at the same time , more resource efficient .
The GNOME Log Viewer now starts up over 20 times faster than before .
Figure 1 GNOME Terminal performance improvements between GNOME 2.12 and 2.14 .
Time taken is the time to print a list of all English words to the screen .
Figure 2 Log Viewer performance improvements between GNOME 2.12 and 2.14 .
Time taken to start the application and read a 2.9 MB log file .
1.2 . Richer Searching
The GNOME file manager , Nautilus , now offers a powerful search interface available by pressing ( Ctrl - F ) on the desktop or in a file manager window .
Figure 3 Search with Nautilus Searches are easily constructed and can then be saved in a folder or on the desktop .
Saved searches can then be opened like a folder at a later date .
If the Beagle search framework is available , Nautilus will take advantage of it for faster , more contextual searching .
1.3 . More Help
The GNOME help browser also includes new features for searching help and documentation installed on your machine .
Now with access to both GNU Info and traditional UNIX manpages , as well as GNOME 's high quality documentation , it is possible to search most of the documentation included on your system quite rapidly .
Figure 4 Search Help , view GNU
Info files and read manpages
Like with the file manager , users who have the Beagle search framework available will be able to utilize it for even faster and more accurate searching .
1.4 . Ekiga Ekiga , formerly known as GNOME Meeting , is GNOME 's voice and video - over - IP client .
Ekiga supports both the SIP and H323 protocols .
SIP , a popular protocol used in Google Talk , Asterisk , and many other software and hardware VoIP devices , is a recent addition to Ekiga .
H323 is an older communications protocol , used in Microsoft Netmeeting and some telecommunications hardware .
Ekiga also features STUN support to allow traversal through many types of firewalls , including Network Address Translating ( NAT ) firewalls .
This means that you can use Ekiga to make and receive calls without having a public IP address or forwarding ports from your router .
Figure 5 Making a SIP call with Ekiga Users can also setup an account with Ekiga .
net which will provide them with a SIP address they can use on the Internet to make and receive calls from anywhere .
1.5 . Improved Window Management Several new features have been added to Metacity to improve window management .
Window edges now have a magnetic attraction , making it possible to " click " windows together .
Multiple monitor ( head ) handling has been improved in Metacity .
Metacity will now attempt to displace windows that want to appear across a monitor boundary onto one monitor or the other .
To help administrators and users of multiple machines from the same X server , the hostname of windows which are not running locally will be displayed in the title bar .
This is especially useful when changing settings on machines graphically to ensure that you 're making changes on the correct machine .
Figure 6
Running an identical window locally and remotely
1.6 . Deskbar New to GNOME is the Deskbar .
Power users , keyboard enthusiasts and users of the old panel command line will find this replacement incredibly powerful and easy to use .
Deskbar uses plugins ( written in Python ) to provide search functionality for programs , files , folders , bookmarks , contacts and much more .
Deskbar can also use the live search functionality of Google Live , Yahoo and Beagle .
Figure 7 Searching for ' net '
Deskbar has both an in - panel mode , and a collapsed mode for use on vertical panels or panels with little free space .
To search you simply press ( Alt - F3 ) and enter some terms .
You can also browse or search your command history .
1.7 . Login Improvements
There have been many new improvements to the login system ( GDM ) .
The performance tweaking seen throughout the desktop has also found its way into the login system .
There is also a new enhanced " Options " button in the login greeter that allows for quick access to various login functions .
A new " secure remote " feature has been added so that users can connect to a X server securely and easily .
The look of the login greeter has also improved by allowing for more user customization .
Figure 8
It is now easier than ever to change your login preferences in the totally redesigned GDM preferences window .
Note :
The file used by users to set their GDM configuration settings has changed from /etc/gdm/gdm.conf to /etc/gdm/custom.conf .
For more information see the GDM Project page .
1.8 . Fast User Switching GNOME 2.14 includes support for fast user switching throughout the desktop .
Both the logout and unlock screen dialogs offer the option to switch to another user .
A menu can also be added to the panel allowing quick access to user switching .
Figure 9
Fast user switching from the panel Figure 10 Switch users from a locked session
1.9 . Shared Calendaring
A new feature in Evolution 2.6 is shared calendaring over CalDAV .
The CalDAV shared calendar protocol is implemented by a number of groupware servers , including the freely available Hula server .
Figure 11 Viewing a shared calendar from Hula
1.10 . Smarter Bookmarking
The Epiphany Web Browser continues to make browsing the world wide web easier .
New in this release is the automatic construction of bookmark hierarchies .
This reduces the burden of handling large bookmark collections , but retains the simpler topic - based system of bookmark management popular in Epiphany .
Topics are now much easier to select and create ; Epiphany will even suggest topics based on past usage .
Figure 12 Improved bookmark management and stylesheet control
Also in this release is support for user - defined stylesheets , providing improved accessibility and user control over page presentation .
Behind the scenes Epiphany can now use Firefox , Mozilla or XULRunner as its backend .
If you 're using NetworkManager , Epiphany will be able to automatically detect your network settings .
1.11 .
Better Editor Gedit continues to provide the usability of a simple text editor with all the features you need to develop applications or websites .
Features in Gedit 2.14 include improved handling of multiple documents and writing to remote files .
For example Gedit now allows for the seamless browsing and editing of SFTP , FTP and WebDAV directories directly from the file browser .
It also has improved syntax highlighting of HTML , PHP , PSP and much more .
These features combine to make Gedit a powerful text editor that can handle all the tasks that users require .
Figure 13 Gedit can handle multiple source files easily , opening and saving them locally or over a network
Also new is the ability to write plugins for Gedit in Python .
This allows the functionality of Gedit to be extended and customized easily , even if you 're not a strong programmer .
Some useful plugins that come with Gedit include one to execute external commands , support for tag - based completion , and an interactive Python console .
Figure 14 Plugins dialog showing the properties for the External Commands plugin
1.12 . Image Viewer The GNOME Image Viewer has a new navigation - driven toolbar .
Now when you open an image , you can easily view other images from the same directory .
Figure 15 Easy navigation through images from same directory
1.13 . Integrated Screensaver GNOME now features an integrated screensaver .
GNOME Screensaver is compatible with the " hacks " popular in Xscreensaver , but also has lots of new features unavailable in Xscreensaver .
Applications that are aware of GNOME Screensaver will be able to communicate with it to set properties like " do not blank screen " over a standard interface .
Dialogs such as the unlock screen dialog are now translatable into native languages and accessible to users with disabilities .
These accessibility enhancements allow users with disabilities to easily unlock their displays and are part of the ongoing accessibility improvements being made to the entire GNOME Desktop .
Figure 16 Configuring GNOME
Screensaver properties
Users who wish to continue using Xscreensaver will still be able to do so and should consult their vendor 's documentation on the specifics .
1.14 . Latest GStreamer GNOME 2.14 utilizes the technology of GStreamer 0.10 .
The GStreamer multimedia framework is a powerful , pluggable audio and video framework used on Linux and UNIX desktops as well as in embedded devices .
This latest major version of GStreamer is faster and more stable than its predecessors .
Issues like synchronization of audio and video across different devices has been addressed , as has threading and the dynamic handling of multimedia plugins .
You can find out more about GStreamer from the GStreamer website .
All of the multimedia applications that ship with GNOME have been upgraded to take advantage of the latest GStreamer ; including Totem , Sound Juicer , and Volume Control .
GStreamer 0.10 will also allow users to take advantage of multimedia plugins distributed by third - party vendors .
This will allow vendors to offer support for licensed codecs where a free codec is not available or distributable ( for legal reasons ) .
These may include support for AC3 , WMA , MP3 and more .
A licensed , yet freely available MP3 plugin for GStreamer 0.10 is already being made available by Fluendo , a long - time supporter of GStreamer .
On May 9th , 2007 , we received ( from the Fulton County , GA Court System ) the initial complaint of a lawsuit filed by Loan Center of California ( " LCC " ) , of Suisun , CA ( Solano Co. ) .
The complaint is in response to an email posted on the Mortgage Lender Implode - O - Meter website on April 18th , 2007 .
LCC alleges that as a result of that posting , nearly $ 4 million of funding was withdrawn by Credit Suisse and Washington Mutual ( along with a variety of other business injuries ) .
The post that day consisted of little more than the contents of an anonymous e-mail we received , which painted a bleak picture of LCC 's condition .
In accordance with our usual procedure , we checked and found other information strongly suggesting LCC 's business was no longer functioning , and discovered at least two mainstream media articles to the same effect ( including quotations by LCC CEO Eduardo Blanche that the company was having difficulty selling loans on the secondary market --- i.e. , that the company 's business model was breaking down ) .
Considering the state of the market and the specific evidence on LCC , we provisionally posted them to the " imploded " list .
LCC alleges that Credit Suisse and Washington Mutual consequently cut the company 's credit lines .
Since nearly our beginning ( and well before April 2007 ) , ml - implode.com has been accompanied by strong disclaimers ( posted in multiple locations ) , all of which are to the effect that the information on the site is provisional .
As the site is a public forum , the information largely originates from the public , a fact made clear in our disclaimers , which warn the reader to verify the facts by directly contacting the companies involved .
Loan Center of California contacted us , demanding that we immediately pull down the posting about them .
Although we asked them to to provide us with a statement that we could release to the public to rebut the initially - posted email and to help dispel other adverse rumors concerning the company , LCC refused .
Instead , the company is demanding some unspecified sum of more than $ 50,000 to redress their alleged injuries .
It seems clear to us that the intent here is to injure the Mortgage Lender Implode - O - Meter --- perhaps even to " shut us down " .
We believe we are without blame and at no fault in this incident .
Fundamentally , the complaint involves business between third parties of which we had no specific knowledge , as our interest in running the web site is general .
We are accordingly responding to LCC 's allegations with a motion to strike the suit under California 's " Anti-SLAPP " statute .
This motion was filed June 25th , 2007 ( see links at the end of this writeup ) .
The Communications Decency Act , 47 USC § 230 , which we believe applies , prohibits libel claims against the hosts and users of websites ( such as ml- implode.com ) for posting information provided by another .
As the California Supreme Court has stated : " [ The provisions of the Communications Decency Act ] have been widely and consistently interpreted to confer broad immunity against defamation liability for those who use the Internet to publish information that originated from another source . "
( Barrett v. Rosenthal ( 2006 ) 40 Cal.4th 33 , 39 , 146 P.3d 510 , 51 Cal.Rptr.3d 55 . ) " SLAPP " stands for " Strategic Litigation Against Public Participation , " and refers to attempts to use the legal system to silence discourse on matters of public concern .
Such suits are a hazard to public discourse , despite this country 's First Amendment , because the legal proceedings per se can be ruinous to small defendants , whether or not they are at fault or ultimately prevail .
In response to this threat , many states , including California , have passed " Anti-SLAPP " statutes , which provide for the outright dismissal of such suits with legal costs and fees awarded to the defendant .
We are pursuing such a dismissal .
Documents for the lawsuit are available as follows :
Aaron Krowne and Krowne Concepts , Inc. , are being represented in this case by the Turner Law Firm , of Palo Alto , CA .
Even if we prevail on our motion to strike and collect compensation for court costs , all of our expenses connected to this suit will not be recovered .
Please help support ml - implode by making a donation .
You will be helping to advance the cause of free discourse on matters of economic , financial , or any other type of public concern , without fear of SLAPPs .
— Aaron Krowne , July 2 , 2007
( for Krowne Concepts , Inc. , and ml-implode.com )
BY FAX AND U.S. MAIL
Mr. Fred F. Fielding
Counsel to the President
Office of the Counsel to the President
The White House
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , N.W .
Washington , D.C. 20530
Dear Mr. Fielding :
I am disappointed that the President 's Chief of Staff Josh Bolten has continued to disobey the subpoena served on him on June 13 , 2007 , and has not produced the documents called for by that subpoena .
Enclosed with this letter is a copy of the text of a ruling by Chairwoman Sanchez at today 's meeting of the Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law rejecting the claims of privilege that you have sought to raise in response to that subpoena .
The ruling was sustained by a 7 - 3 vote of the Subcommittee .
Tags
It 's not enough that the Transportation Security Administration wastes hours upon endless hours of time .
It 's not enough that they confiscate our Chapstick and toothpaste and claim that it is for our own protection .
It 's not enough that we must fork over our ID at five different checkpoints before boarding a plane , and have strangers paid with our tax dollars rifle and snoop through our bags .
No , that 's not enough to keep us secure on our airline flights .
Now we must be careful not to wrinkle our noses , press our lips together , raise our upper eyelids , or — Heaven forbid — thrust forward our jaws .
Here is a graphic from the New York Times that illustrates what the TSA will now regard as suspicious behavior :
How much more of this will the American people take ?
Already a stroll through the airport feels like a step into a dystopian movie .
We are searched , snapped at , and ordered around .
People glumly walk from place to place as the loudspeaker blares : " Report all suspicious persons to the authorities ! "
The answer is that people will put up with much more and much worse .
As much as people loath the invasions of privacy and the inconvenience , and as much as people roll their eyes in amazement and frustration , so long as people grant that there are such things as suspicious behaviors and real threats — and that the government is the right party to deal with them — these humiliations will continue .
And truly , how can we know when the government has gone too far ?
We can understand why the TSA would ban people from carrying machine guns on planes , but what basis do we have to say that it can't ban lipstick too , provided it can be shown that a lipstick container can carry explosives ?
Are n't we just arguing about the details of proper management ?
One method we can use to discern whether the government has gone too far is to imagine what private security officials on private property might do .
In this case , there is a range of issues to consider , and none yields decisive answers .
Based on extended experience , banks and jewelry stores are probably more likely to act on looks and facial expressions than they are to search people for toothpaste and pocket knives .
Who is to say that the TSA in charge of airline security should n't do the same ?
This is not a defense of the TSA .
Far from it .
The criticism of the TSA needs to go beyond merely addressing this or that overreach or poor management practice .
It must get to the heart of the economic and political motivation behind all these increases in security measures .
The core problem concerns institutional intent .
Is TSA really trying to protect us ?
Surely that defines part of its mission .
But every bureaucracy is self - interested in a way that receives no discouragement within the public sector .
Yes , the TSA has stopped some bad guys .
But we can't know for sure whether stopping bad guys is just the excuse it uses to serve its larger driving mission , which is to bolster its own budget , public prestige , and power .
Moreover , even if we could somehow be certain that security was its number one goal , why should this goal be pursued with complete disregard to the customer ?
When the private sector seeks to ferret out bad guys , it goes overboard to make life wonderful and non-humiliating for the good guys .
This is the difference between the public and private sector .
The private sector is always seeking and soliciting the affections of the people , in the hope that the people will deign to part with their money in exchange for the good or service the firm provides .
That 's not an easy thing to do .
You have to be pretty wonderful in order to get people to voluntarily purchase your stuff as versus save the money or spend it elsewhere .
Indeed , it is the private sector that really deserves the name " public sector " because it constantly seeks input from every source to serve the public , and constantly tries to accommodate every public wish .
Disneyland , for example , seeks to provide its customers a roaring good time .
But in order to do so , it must also provide a secure environment .
Its security , however , can never come at customer expense .
It wants to go about the business of keeping dangerous people under control in the most inconspicuous way possible .
No one feels stepped on or kicked around or abused when private security is at work .
Its top priority is to distinguish between friend and foe .
Someone might object that its is precisely because the private sector must always make nicey nice with customers that it is not well equipped to deal with terrorists .
In fact , the last thing a private company wants is for customers to feel threatened for their lives when boarding an aircraft .
No institution has a higher incentive to protect its property and the lives of its customers than an airline .
The difference is that it faces a feedback mechanism that informs management how much investigation and personal discomfort is too much relative to the really existing risk .
Frankly , the TSA does n't care a flip about the passengers in their role as payers who have to be served .
That 's why they treat you like chopped liver , and that 's why they have no real interest in distinguishing good guys from bad guys .
Their every incentive is to treat us all like we are the children of Mohammed Atta al - Sayed .
Others may fundamentally object to my claim that the TSA is not primarily interested in security .
The best way to understand this is by reference to an institution with which we have even more experience : the welfare state .
In the same way , it is not primarily interested in relieving the plight of the poor .
If anything , the welfare bureaucracy benefits most by increasing the number of the poor and keeping them that way for as long as possible .
Only by maximizing the number of poor people who need assistance can a welfare bureaucracy thrive .
The poor are what provides the welfare state its raison d'être .
So the welfare state faces perverse incentives .
This is one reason the welfare state did n't work .
So it is with the security state .
It only benefits from increasing insecurity and fear .
The more threats there are to security , the better off it is .
Finally , the money that runs the security state is not a drain on a business 's bottom line , so there is no one setting out to find ways to reduce the expenditure .
Rather , the money comes from the taxpayers who need to be cajoled into coughing up more , and the best means of doing that is by scaring people and increasing their sense of insecurity .
In some way , too — and this is unthinkable — the security state actually benefits from disastrous mistakes that result in loss of life .
These allow the bureaucracy to say : we told you so ; we should have had more money and power .
Yes , it 's true that the welfare state made some poor people better off than they might have been otherwise .
But it also created more poor people and extended their plight and sense of dependency .
The welfare state grew and grew , and so did the number of people it served , but society was worse off as a result .
It was a very bad idea to have ever given the state the responsibility for the job , since it is institutionally unequipped to achieve the results it promises .
So it is with the security state .
We give it power , we permit it to run itself with no oversight , we put up with its excesses , and we have a hard time imagining what life would be like without it .
Well , it 's time we start imagining , because the result of the security state will be more insecurity , more costs on the rest of us , and ever more sectors of our society invaded by these overlords more interested in themselves than the public .
This is how it must be because the bureaucracy exists and thrives outside of society and at society 's expense .
If you do n't like it , and if you believe that the most suspicious persons of all work for the TSA , you had better furrow your brow in private .
A public display might result in detention .
Years ago I wrote bits of low - level IP networking code in Common Lisp that never took the shape of a finished program .
I do n't expect to finish this off so now I 'm pushing the unpolished code out in the hope that someone will have fun with it .
( An older version of some of this exists on Sourceforge . ) slitch and netkit are the two darcs repos .
Slitch started out as an ethernet switch in Common Lisp ( my therapy after hacking Linux ) and later grew some other random bits from my experiments .
netkit started as an attempt to rewrite Slitch without the cruft but ended up having different features .
The code is written for CMUCL on Linux .
I hope it is n't too hard to port .
Here are some highlights from Slitch : tuntap.lisp is an FFI interface to Linux tun / tap virtual network interfaces .
This is good for communicating with the TCP / IP stack on the host machine .
packet - socket.lisp is an FFI interface to Linux PF_PACKET sockets .
This is good to communicate with the ethernet port directly ( bypassing the host ) .
netlib - structures.lisp contains protocol header definitions based on Frode Vatvedt Fjeld 's binary - types package .
binary - rw - gen.lisp is a macro - based compiler for binary - types encoders and decoders .
switch.lisp is a working ethernet switch in a page and a half of code .
root.lisp is a library for conveniently switching between normal - user / super - user mode on Linux .
tcpip.lisp is a partial TCP / IP stack that can answer pings , send ICMP , talk to telnet , etc .
Lacks important features like TCP retransmission .
Here 's a " screenshot " of Slitch : * ( netstat ) lisp0 UP Type : TAP HWaddr 00 : FF : C5:50 :B6:E4 Inet addr:192.168.43.10/255.255.255.0 Bcast :192.168.43.255 RX bytes :196325 ( 196.3KiB ) TX bytes : 190508 ( 190.5 KiB ) > lisp1 DOWN Type : TAP HWaddr 00 : FF:6B:5D:36:60 Inet addr:0.0.0.0/0.0.0.0 Bcast:0.0.0.0 RX bytes:0 ( 0 b ) TX bytes:0 ( 0 b ) > * ( show - tcp- connections ) TCP Stream 192.168.43.10:80 / 192.168.43.1:33398 : ESTABLISHED TCP Stream 192.168.43.10:80 / 192.168.43.1:33400 : ESTABLISHED
* ( routes ) Destination Gateway Netmask Interface 192.168.128.43 0.0.0.0 255.255.255.255 lisp0 192.168.43.0 0.0.0.0 255.255.255.0 lisp0 192.168.128.0 192.168.43.1 255.255.255.0 lisp0
And here 's some stuff in netkit : packet.lisp is a stand - alone encoder and decoder for TCP / IP protocol headers .
This time I wrote it in straight Lisp without binary - types .
It 's a semi-literate pbook program that you can print from packet .pdf to read on the bus .
pcap.lisp is a decoder for the capture files produced by tcpdump .
clim.lisp is a CLIM interface for manipulating pcap files .
( This file seems to have syntax errors , I hope they 're simple . )
The image above is a screenshot .
This was all following on from related work in Erlang with Martin Björklund and Tony Rogvall , some of which exists in the Jungerl .
These days I 've switched to hacking this stuff in Squeak .
I was reminded of this code by ILC conversations : some with the Dylan Hackers who 've written something more polished in Dylan and some others about memory management .
My own interest in memory management comes from writing Slitch with complete disregard for efficiency and then out of curiosity checking out its throughput and latency characteristics .
There I discovered the large constant factors of CMUCL 's garbage collector ( scavenging static space and zeroing oldspace ) and began to ponder what it all means .
A great two years
It 's our two - year anniversary !
Django was open - sourced exactly two years ago today , on July 15 , 2005 .
The past two years have been tremendous .
If you 're just starting to use Django , you 're probably not aware of the huge improvements we 've made since the framework was open - sourced :
Two years ago , we did n't have an internationalization framework .
Two years ago , models looked like this :
class Package ( meta .
Model ) : db_table = ' packages ' fields = ( meta .
CharField ( ' label ' , ' label ' , maxlength=20 , primary_key =True ) , meta .
CharField ( ' name ' , ' name ' , maxlength=30 , unique= True ) , ) ordering = ( ( ' name ' , ' ASC ' ) , ) def __repr__( self ) : return self.name
Two years ago , we did n't have the render_to_response ( ) shortcut .
You had to load templates manually using get_template ( ) , create a Context and call t.render ( c ) .
Two years ago , we did n't have manage .
py runserver .
The only way to deploy , or even test , Django code was to set up mod_python !
( We changed that pretty quickly . )
Two years ago , we did n't have a way to do sessions .
Two years ago , we did n't have support for database transactions .
But even more striking than these changes is the fact that the framework 's general design has remained consistent .
Despite loads of new shortcuts and functionality , it still boils down to URLconfs , models , views and templates .
If you beamed in a Django developer from the year 2005 and showed her the July 2007 Django trunk , she would more - or - less understand how it worked .
Here 's to the future .
Thanks for using and improving Django !
ユーザーが気づかないうち にWebブラウザを攻撃者のツールに変えてしまうソフトウェアがインターネットにポストされたことが明らかになった。この事態は、今年3月に米国ワシントンD.C.で開催されたハッカー・コンファレンス「ShmooCon」（3月23～25日）の会場で来場者の1人がこのソフトウェアをダウンロードしたことから始まった。
「 Jikto」と呼ばれる同ソフトウェアは、スパイ・ダイナミクスの主任研究員であるビリー・ホフマン氏が作成した。同氏は3月24日、JavaScriptを使った悪意のあるプログラムの危険性をテーマとした講演でこのコードのデモンストレーションを行った。
ホフマン氏は、あらゆ るWebブラウザで稼働させることができるWeb言語であるJavaScriptを使ってWeb脆弱性スキャン・プログラムを作成する方法を発見した。この手法を使えば、JavaScriptのセキュリティ機能を迂回することができる。
そのため 、Jiktoコードが悪用されるのを恐れたホフマン氏は、コードが外部に出るのを防ぐための特別な手段を講じていたという。
しかし、デモンストレーションを行うためには、Jiktoコードをインターネット上のどこかの場所にポストしなければならない。ホフマン氏によると、「（その過程で）きわめて短時間だが、Jiktoコードを実行した場所のオリジナルURLを読み取れる状況が生まれた」という。
きわめて短時間とはいえ、このときコンファレンス会場にいたマイク・スクロール氏にとっては、コピーを入手するのに十分な時間だった。
セキュリティ・マネジメント・パートナーズの情報セキュリティ・コンサルタントであるスクロール氏は、「私はステージに近い席に座っており、たまたまラップトップ・コンピュータを使っていた。再度URLが出た瞬間、コンピュータにそれを打ち込んだ」と語っている。
スクロール氏は3月25日、自身のWebサイト上にJiktoコードをポストし、ニュース・サイトの
Digg.com にこのコードへのリンクを張った。それから数時間後、同氏は、ホフマン氏の要請を受けて、このソフトウェアを削除した。
スクロール氏は、スクリプティング攻撃の危険性を説明する方法を探し求めているセキュリティ専門家らにとって有益だと考え、このコードをポストしたという。
「 われわれは、顧客とともにフィッシング・サイトの構築方法を研究する取り組みを行っているため、Jiktoコードに関心を持った。非道な行為や悪意のある行為に手を染めるつもりはなかった」（同氏）
ちなみに、スクロール氏によると、同氏のWebサイトからは、このソフトウェアがおよそ100回程ダウンロードされたという。
先週末 、Jiktoコードが再び出現することになった。今度は、
Sla.ckers.orgのオンライン討論サイト にポストされたのだ。
セキュリティ研究者の多くは、犯罪者が社内のネットワークをスキャンして機密情報を探し出したり、悪意のあるボットネット・コードを作成したりするためにJiktoを悪用する危険があると警告している。
ホワイトハット・セキュリティの最高技術責任者、ジェレミア・グロスマン氏は、「この特殊なツールは、Webブラウザをコントロールできるように設計されている。これを使えば、ほかのWebサイトに入り込み、内部をスキャンして、脆弱性を見つけ出すことができる」と指摘する。
ホフマン氏は、自分のツールが外部に流出してしまったことについて、「800行ほどの小さなアプリケーションにすぎず、同様のソフトウェアは犯罪者も遠からず開発できたはずだ」と述べている。
同氏は、 「公開されてしまったのは確かに悲劇と言えるが、この手法は、悪意を持つ人々もすでに知っているはずであり、（今回流出しなかったとしても）数カ月先には開発が行われたはずだ」と語っており、Jiktoコードを入手し、公開したスクロール氏に対しても怒りは感じていないとしている。
( ロバート・マクミラン ／IDG News Service サンフランシスコ支局 )
提供：Computerworld.jp
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - A U.S. soldier who pleaded guilty in connection with the rape of a 14 - year - old Iraqi girl and the killing of her family was sentenced to 27 months in prison , officials at Ft. Campbell in Kentucky said on Wednesday .
Pvt. Bryan Howard , 20 , also drew a dishonorable discharge after entering a plea agreement at his court - martial , a statement from the post said .
He pleaded guilty to conspiracy to obstruct justice and being an accessory after the fact .
Murder and rape charges against Howard were dismissed by the government based on his limited role in the crimes , the announcement said .
At a hearing in Iraq last year , testimony indicated Howard was at a nearby location but did not participate in the crime itself .
Howard waived his request to have his case heard by a military panel and was tried by Col.
Stephen Henley , who imposed the sentence .
Last month , Sgt. Paul Cortez , 24 , was sentenced to 100 years in prison under a plea agreement he reached with prosecutors in the same case , although he will be eligible for parole in 10 years .
The incident happened after a group of soldiers drank whiskey , played cards and plotted to attack a family at Mahmudiya , south of Baghdad , in March 2006 .
Some of those involved poured kerosene on the girl ’s body and lit her on fire in an attempt to cover up the crime .
Specialist James Barker , who earlier pleaded guilty in the case , was sentenced to 90 years in a military prison , also with the possibility of an earlier parole .
A third man involved , former Pvt. Steven Green , has been discharged , is being held at a jail in Kentucky and faces trial in civil court .
A fourth soldier charged in the case , Pvt. Jesse Spielman , still faces court - martial .
Iran gives millions of dollars to support the Hezbollah movement
Tehran proposed ending support for Lebanese and Palestinian militant groups and helping to stabilise Iraq following the US - led invasion .
Offers , including making its nuclear programme more transparent , were conditional on the US ending hostility .
But Vice - President Dick Cheney 's office rejected the plan , the official said .
The offers came in a letter , seen by Newsnight , which was unsigned but which the US state department apparently believed to have been approved by the highest authorities .
In return for its concessions , Tehran asked Washington to end its hostility , to end sanctions , and to disband the Iranian rebel group the Mujahedeen - e - Khalq and repatriate its members .
But as soon as it got to the White House , the old mantra of ' We do n't talk to evil ' ... reasserted itself
Lawrence Wilkerson
One of the then Secretary of State Colin Powell 's top aides told the BBC the state department was keen on the plan - but was over - ruled .
" We thought it was a very propitious moment to do that , " Lawrence Wilkerson told Newsnight .
" But as soon as it got to the White House , and as soon as it got to the Vice - President 's office , the old mantra of ' We do n't talk to evil ' ... reasserted itself . "
Observers say the Iranian offer as outlined nearly four years ago corresponds pretty closely to what Washington is demanding from Tehran now .
Since that time , Lebanese guerrilla group Hezbollah inflicted significant military losses on the major US ally in the region , Israel , in the 2006 conflict and is now claiming increased political power in Lebanon .
Palestinian militant group Hamas won power in parliamentary elections a year ago , opening a new chapter of conflict in Gaza and the West Bank .
The UN Security Council has imposed sanctions on Iran following its refusal to suspend its uranium enrichment programme .
Iran denies US accusations that its nuclear programme is designed to produce weapons .
For the entire video , go to : ‘ Bill Moyers Journal ’ on PBS .
“ Another great grow - op has been discovered .
In Cheech & Chong ’s movie “ Nice Dreams , ” a character named Weird Jimmy had set up a marijuana grow room inside a swimming pool .
Now some Brits have been caught doing the same thing .
British Helicopter British Helicopter
A PRIVATE swimming pool stuffed with cannabis plants worth £ 800,000 was discovered by police by chance .
Officers were “ speechless ” when they stumbled upon the massive cannabis factory in the grounds of a large detached house in a well - to - do area of north Preston .
Swimming Pool Swimming Pool
The pool outhouse was decked out with infra-red lighting , heaters and ventilation equipment and there was a sea of marijuana greenery instead of water .
Mansion Where Pot Was Found Mansion Where Pot Was Found
The raid was launched on Monday morning after a court official told Lancashire Constabulary he had seen a man running away from the property when he had gone to question the occupants about an unrelated unpaid fine . ”
Certain color combinations can make your eyes water , others can make your eyes practically leap out of their sockets in delight .
Colors can help instill confidence in a product , company , or design — or undermine it .
Color can set the mood , or destroy it .
Color can make you fit in , or stand out — and it depends on your situation whether or not that ’s a good thing .
Despite the seemingly magical power of color , it ’s not voodoo .
No chickens need die in your pursuit of color - coordinating bliss — it ’s a skill that can be developed in anyone who has the ability to see the rainbow .
Annoying Prologue
I ’ve long been meaning to write an article about color but I was n’t truly galvanized until a friend sent me this article .
I got the feeling that the article had made the rounds — and I could n’t stand on the sidelines while misinformation like this gets passed into common knowledge of developers , hungry for some help for their color problems .
( And his theories on picking colors have inspired my # 1 tip at the bottom . )
Now , I do n’t want to disparage the author ’s intentions at all , because I ’m sure they were good — after all , it ’s not like there ’s a designer superhero who swoops in to save the day for people forced , against their will , to choose colors .
Unfortunately , you know what they say about good intentions .
On the upside , it helped me formulate this list to try and dispel some color myths and misunderstandings .
So , without further ado or introduction …
May you color in peace !
( And good taste . )
6 . Make your colors earn their keep .
It ’s too easy to just spot a color you love and then use it on the next available victi — I mean , project .
Unfortunately , this is n’t the path to the most effective work — and color picking , like all design work , is supposed to be functional as well as beautiful .
So , when you pick your colors , you should always ask yourself , “ What result am I trying to achieve ? ”
All color choices should stem from your answer .
Examples :
If you ’re trying to hint at delicious food , consider the type of food and the colors associated with it .
( Neon green , for example , is probably not a good choice . )
If you ’re trying to stress stability and capability , check out which colors are associated with those ideas .
( Fuschia ?
Doubtful . )
If you want to go for cool and hip , figure out what stuff around you exudes that feeling and why .
If you want to really stand out from the competition , zig when they zag .
5 . Pretty is nice , usable is nicer .
Usability goes along with fulfilling your true purpose .
After all , what good are your pretty colors if people can’t read your design ?
Be sure to create a good contrast between background color and text , and double - check that your colors are n’t so bright as to cause eye - watering or after images .
And , if you use color to encode meaning ( e.g. click this , not that , or this is bad , that ’s good ) , make sure that it ’s still usable by people with various types of color - blindness .
The author of the aforementioned article uses these graphs as an example of the “ fairly appealing ” results of his work to spiff up his color palettes .
As you can see , the colors only serve to distract from the actual content :
Graph images copyright Jon Shemitz and used solely for the purpose of comment & criticism
Too many colors can easily spoil a design ’s ability to communicate .
( And , to be honest , this graph does n’t even know what it ’s trying to communicate , but that ’s another article entirely . )
4 . Just because you do n’t want to claw your eyes out … does n’t mean you should n’t .
One of the most dangerous misunderstandings in the aforementioned , misguided article is found in the middle of the last paragraph on the first page :
This is why most walls are painted light colors : they ’re easy on the eyes , and they do n’t clash with anything .
This is also why many websites use pastel color schemes :
Any light color with a moderate saturation goes with any other light color with a moderate saturation .
— The Article
This is not true !
The rules of color matching do n’t apply selectively to only saturated colors .
If you need further proof of this , just look at that graph again :
Graph images copyright Jon Shemitz and used solely for the purpose of comment & criticism
In reality , you do n’t necessarily have a match because just because your low - saturation colors do n’t cause the eye - watering and discomfort high - saturation clashes do .
The author of the article was probably thinking of what interior decorators call “ neutrals , ” which include white , off - white , grey , tan or beige , and even “ dusky ” ( low - saturation , greyish ) green .
But that ’s interior design , not color science — combine those dusky green walls with a bright pink sofa and you ’ll find that green is not so neutral after all .
The only true neutrals are white , black , and ( usually ) grey ; although pairing colors with these neutrals can change the dynamics of a design , they ca n’t clash .
All other colors are subject to clashing , depending on what you pair them with .
3 . Colors do so much more than “ sit there and look pretty ”
There are three main ways your choice of color affects people :
Colors carry emotional and metaphorical meaning for everyone who looks at them — and allegedly , in some cases , directly influence human behavior .
For example , certain shades of blue are said to convey stability , and others are said to convey calm .
Some shades of yellow make people think of sunshine , springtime , and hope ; others make people think about dangers , warnings , and the unhealthy hue of some bodily fluids .
And do n’t forget culture !
Combinations of orange and black may say “ Halloween , ” while combinations of orange , brown , and yellow might say “ The 70’s . ”
And you ca n’t just think of your own culture — to the Chinese , red means good luck and good fortune , and it ’s the color of wedding dresses ( and just about everything else ) , whereas red typically means fire / vigor , sensuality , or power to Westerners .
And so on .
Research has also indicated that the application of colors can create or stifle appetite , make people hurry or calm down , and a host of other subtle effects .
Or at least , that ’s the idea behind the pale pink and pale green decor in hospitals , and the reds , yellows , and orange - browns of many fast food joints .
Saturation and brightness convey a more generalized kind of message — less “ touchy feely , ” but equally important .
It ’s not just the hue you choose , but the saturation and brightness , too — whether it ’s a light color or a dark color , with a lot of color intensity or without much at all .
Bright , pure colors seem “ fresh ” and crisp ; pastels are often considered calming , or comforting ; saturated dark colors may feel “ solid ” and heavy while unsaturated ones can seem sophisticated and refined , or wishy - washy , watered down , even dismal .
The combination of colors affects the overall “ feel ” of the final result .
When you combine colors , you create a dynamic that was n’t there with a single color alone — in effect , the combination changes the effect of all the colors in it .
You can choose to create harmony by choosing colors that coordinate according to color theory , or create tension and drama by choosing colors which clash subtly or strongly .
( Just like musicians use discord in music .
And just like in music , if you ’re inexperienced in the art , you should n’t try to create drama by mixing up bad combos .
Learn the rules before you break ’em . )
Hey there , new reader !
This is the first in a series of articles on color , human interface , and other such related goodies .
Subscribe for more !
Or , get updated by email when new posts are made .
2. Relying on software to pick colors for you is like letting your mother pick your clothes .
Using some basic knowledge picked up by Googling , you can probably come up with some passable color schemes , given either a color wheel and a ruler , or a simple software program .
BUT … would these color combinations be appropriate for your task ?
Effective ?
Beautiful ?
Might they still be too bright or too dark to be human - friendly ?
Software and math ca n’t understand your wishes , hopes , and goals , or your viewers ’ emotional or cultural baggage — or even vet the colors with a critical human eye .
It ’s simply a toss - up .
Like this article ?
You might also enjoy my presentations on user interface and user experience from OSCON ’06 .
1 . The proof of the pudding is in the eating .
And so we come to our final “ Thing to Know ” about color .
This one ’s not directly about color itself , but rather the learning process .
Put simply : Do n’t take anyone ’s advice about colors until you see their output — and do n’t listen to them if it ’s ugly .
In the case of Jon Shemitz , author of the aforementioned misguided article , that means this :
Graph images copyright Jon Shemitz and used solely for the purpose of comment & criticism
If that were pudding , it ’d make you very sorry indeed that you ate it ( although you might be able to call in sick to work ) .
Thankfully , unlike many things , a person ’s color - picking prowess can easily be assessed .
It is both A ) something visible , and B ) something most humans have an innate sense for .
( Even if you feel paralyzed when you pick your own , you probably have no real problem judging color palettes that are already out there .
It ’s a human thing . )
Bonus Round : Yay , links !
All psyched up about color ?
I know I am !
Do n’t quit learning now , just because I ’m out of breath ( and my wrists hurt ! ) .
Here ’s some recommended reading so you can keep on :
Books you might find useful — at a reasonable price :
Books you might find useful if you have a largeish book budget :
Didja like it ?
Help get the word out — digg it !
Bonus Round 2 : You !
Let me know what you think !
I want to hear from you .
What did you find helpful in this article ?
What would you like to see next ?
Have any terrible or funny color stories to relate ?
( You know you want to . )
Okay folks !
For today ’s post , this is what I ’m going to do : my current writing on this post will be in blue ink and bold lettering ; my three posts that I ’ve authored from Thinking Girl ’s first thread on PUAism will be copied here again in their original black ink and regular print .
My commentary will be in this color and boldness also .
My original three posts are towards the end of Thinking Girl ’s first PUA thread , which is on my Blogroll–ergo , I wo n’t need to post the link .
I will ** copy ** my posts here , and then begin to comment on them .
The first post is dated June 21st , 2007 , at 12:31 pm :
It is useful to study mainstream PUAism from the perspective that it is * PROPAGANDA .*
An extraordinarily useful website resource that I would like to refer people in studying propaganda is the official website of the United States Air Force War College , a.k.a.
Air University .
Its link is listed in my Blogroll section on my blog , The Feminist Pit Bull .
I find its Informations Operations section to be most useful , and the site is surprisingly civilian - friendly and open to the public ( within certain limits ) .
Here I will quote from the Air University website their definitions of propaganda from the Department of Defense : these definitions are useful in terms of identifying origins and makers of propaganda :
“ Definitions , from DoD Dictionary
propaganda – ( DOD )
Any form of communication in support of national objectives designed to influence the opinions , emotions , attitudes , or behavior of any group in order to benefit the sponsor , either directly or indirectly .
black propaganda – ( DOD ) Propaganda that purports to emanate from a source other than the true one .
grey propaganda – ( DOD ) Propaganda that does not specifically identify any source .
white propaganda – ( DOD ) Propaganda disseminated and acknowledged by the sponsor or by an accredited agency thereof .
counterpropaganda operations – ( DOD )
Those psychological operations activities that identify adversary propaganda , contribute to situational awareness , and serve to expose adversary attempts to influence friendly populations and military forces . ”
Fellow feminists and feminist allies , we are engaged in what the Department of Defense would consider **counterpropaganda . **
I want to emphasize heavily that propaganda and counterpropaganda is not limited to the military and political worlds ; we are increasingly engaged in a world where *** propaganda has been brought down to the individual level .***
There are many types of marketing and mass communications that can be honestly be thought of as propaganda , and they are worthy of research and analysis ; AdBusters to me seems like one hell of a good source , and there are numerous educational websites and blogs on propaganda ; believe it or not , the Air University site has some ** wonderful * * links to * many * civilian sites ; it ’s a worthy resource , even if the Air Force is at Papa Doc Bush ’s beck and call . :(
What I will do is submit this comment and submit another talking about the use of * one* of the techniques of propaganda that I view PUA sites as using quite heavily .
I was surprised when I looked at this Department of Defense dictionary definition of what it was that feminists are doing on Thinking Girl ’s thread … it * IS * counterpropaganda !
I believe that this is the major reason why Thinking Girl and other feminists on this thread are getting so much flak … because essentially , without realizing it , ** we mounted a counter - propaganda operation .**
The mainstream patriarchal PUA voices have been dominating the dating discussion for many men in the United States and the Western world … and , without ** initially * * realizing it , we ’re challenging their discursive hegemony on attraction and “ seduction . ”
My second post , dated June 21st , 2007 , 12:42 pm :
From the website wwwDOTpropagandacriticDOTcom
www.propagandacritic.com
is a listing of the most common techniques used in propaganda , although these are by no means the only ones .
I will list them as follows :
1 ) name - calling
2 ) glittering generalities
3 ) euphemisms
4) transfer
5)testimonial
6 ) ” plain folks ”
7 ) ” bandwagon ”
fear
The website further divides these common techniques into three catagories and lists them as follows :
Word games
*************
name - calling
glittering generalities
euphemisms
False connections
******************
transfer
testimonial
Special Appeals
***************
“ plain folks ”
“ bandwagon ”
“ fear ”
Prior to analyzing the technique of transfer to the front page of a PUA website , I will ask you , dear reader , to please read through the quoted paragraphs from the “ transfer ” section of the Propaganda Critic website : it helps to thoroughly identify and define what the transfer technique of propaganda IS .
** THEN ** we will begin analyzing the use of the transfer technique in its application in my next post .
A valid criticism of my post is , “ Well , why could n’t you have just * paraphrased * the transfer technique instead of simply copying the text from the Propaganda Critic website ? ”
That would be a good point … but I ’ve always been distrustful of the paraphrase .
Unless done very carefully , points and words can and do get distorted in the simplification .
I want my readers ( and myself ) to ** really * * understand the techniques ; it is just better policy to let the information stand ** as is .**
“ You shall not press down upon the brow of labor this crown of thorn .
You shall not crucify mankind upon a cross of gold !
— William Jennings Bryan , 1896
“ Transfer is a device by which the propagandist carries over the authority , sanction , and prestige of something we respect and revere to something he would have us accept .
For example , most of us respect and revere our church and our nation .
If the propagandist succeeds in getting church or nation to approve a campaign in behalf of some program , he thereby transfers its authority , sanction , and prestige to that program .
Thus , we may accept something which otherwise we might reject .
In the Transfer device , symbols are constantly used .
The cross represents the Christian Church .
The flag represents the nation .
Cartoons like Uncle Sam represent a consensus of public opinion .
Those symbols stir emotions .
At their very sight , with the speed of light , is aroused the whole complex of feelings we have with respect to church or nation .
A cartoonist , by having Uncle Sam disapprove a budget for unemployment relief , would have us feel that the whole United States disapproves relief costs .
By drawing an Uncle Sam who approves the same budget , the cartoonist would have us feel that the American people approve it .
Thus , the Transfer device is used both for and against causes and ideas . ” ( Institute for Propaganda Analysis , 1938 )
When a political activist closes her speech with a public prayer , she is attempting to transfer religious prestige to the ideas that she is advocating .
As with all propaganda devices , the use of this technique is not limited to one side of the political spectrum .
It can be found in the speeches of liberation theologists on the left , and in the sermons of religious activists on the right .
In a similar fashion , propagandists may attempt to transfer the reputation of “ Science ” or “ Medicine ” to a particular project or set of beliefs .
A slogan for a popular cough drop encourages audiences to “ Visit the halls of medicine . ”
On TV commercials , actors in white lab coats tell us that the “ Brand X is the most important pain reliever that can be bought without a prescription . ”
In both of these examples , the transfer technique is at work .
An interjection here : I ’ve noticed that many mainstream PUAs very much like to dress their arguments in the “ science ” of “ evolutionary biology , ” clothing their rationalizations of patriarchy in pseudo - scientific drapery .
I ’ve also noticed that their “ scientific arguments ” are pretty selective : you hear a lot about evolutionary biologists whose views justify the patriarchal , aggressive promiscuity of early man , but you ** sure as Hades * * do n’t hear about other evolutionary biologists whose views might ameliorate or contradict the former .
Now , you could argue that current patriarchal behaviors ** must be ** rooted somehow in evolutionary biology , how else do you explain patriarchy ’s universal presence on the planet ?
This is a ** valid ** argument , but considering that we now know that there are only 30,000 total human genes , it is ** equally * * a valid argument that patriarchy may just quite simply be one ** heck * * of a lot more environmentally - caused than we care to admit !!
( Source of human gene information :
http://www.ornl.gov/sci/techresources/Human_Genome/project/info.shtml)
Also , do we look at a patient ** riddled * * with cancer cells and declare , “ Thus it ever was from the beginning ; this is how it ’s ** meant * * to be . ”
See how well THAT argument goes over with an oncologist trying to save someone ’s life .
Gives you pause , does n’t it ?
These techniques can also take a more ominous turn .
As Alfred Lee has argued , “ even the most flagrantly anti-scientific racists are wont to dress up their arguments at times with terms and carefully selected illustrations drawn from scientific works and presented out of all accurate context . ”
The propaganda of Nazi Germany , for example , rationalized racist policies by appealing to both science and religion .
Note how many neoconservative positions that are blatantly sexist make an appeal ** also * * to both science and religion .
This does not mean that religion and science have no place in discussions about social issues !
The point is that an idea or program should not be accepted or rejected simply because it has been linked to a symbol such as Medicine , Science , Democracy , or Christianity .
True enough !
However , I ’m ** tired ** of people appealing to biased , slanted science that does n’t take into consideration opposing viewpoints .
That ’s part of the reason why I ’ve developed such a knee - jerk reaction to the symbol Evolutionary Biology .
Nonetheless , I ’ve seen evolutionary biological arguments that were quite good … but almost always , they ’re ** nuanced * * and ** sophisticated , ** not rationalizing and with an agenda you can spot a mile away .
The Institute for Propaganda Analysis has argued that , when confronted with the transfer device , we should ask ourselves the following questions :
In the most simple and concrete terms , what is the proposal of the speaker ?
What is the meaning of the the thing from which the propagandist is seeking to transfer authority , sanction , and prestige ?
Is there any legitimate connection between the proposal of the propagandist and the revered thing , person or institution ?
Leaving the propagandistic trick out of the picture , what are the merits of the proposal viewed alone ? ”
The third post , dated June 21st , 2007 , at 1:30 pm .
OK , for the purpose of simplifying analysis today , I recommend ( if you wish , dear reader ) that you open up another window of your browser and bring up this PUA website ** along * * with this thread , so that you can see what I ’m critiqueing as you read my post .
The website you want to bring up is
wwwDOTthemysterymethodDOTcom
www.themysterymethod.com
( I did this originally on TG ’s thread in order to avoid attracting spam to her site .
Here , though , on my own blog I ’m providing the link . )
and you will instantly get the front page .
This is the specific page I ’m critiqueing for the use of transfer technique in propaganda .
What I detect is the use of three major memes and approximately three minor memes in the transfer technique of propaganda .
The three major memes I detect for transfer are Sexuality , Mastery , and Science ( gender psychology ) .
I will begin my analysis as follows :
If you look up in the upper left - hand corner , you will see the title of the website , the Mystery Method .
In smaller print underneath it you will find the sentence ( I believe it ’s called the tagline ? )
“ Put beautiful women under your spell . ”
Immediately you see the use of the memes Sexuality and Mastery .
To put someone under your spell is to dominate them : you ’ve got them * right * where you want them .
“ That someone ” is the beautiful woman .
Look over at the far right of the page :
You will see a picture of a young , beautiful Caucasian woman with brown hair , red highlights , a revealing red dress , and a double - string of pearls .
She is looking over her left shoulder with her face partially - obscured by hair , with her face tilted slightly downward ; her right hand is located on her left shoulder , and her index finger is placed on her lips in a gesture traditionally evocative of silence .
The image breathes beauty , sexuality , submission , and mystery - the veritable image of the Desirable Other that the artist and webdesigner imagine all men to want .
Here the memes are Sexuality and Mastery ( there is also a meme of Mystery , but one can argue that this in fact is secondary ) .
The drawing of this female is meant to transfer these memes ; it does so very well .
BUT - this is not the only area on the front page that is engaged in transferring !
Note the opening blurb :
“ The Mystery Method
Learn the Rules of Attraction
* We are the Mystery Method : the notorious step - by - step system to meet , attract , and seduce or date beautiful women that anyone can learn and that GUARANTEES results . ”
Just this one opening blurb is * laden * with transfer technique ; I believe I ’ve identified six memes already in this opener .
1st meme : Science / ( gaming ) : “ Rules of Attraction ” ( arguably , also reminds one of “ Rules of Engagement , ” does n’t it ? )
2nd meme : Outlawry / Rebel Aura : “ notorious ” ( because who wants to play by the * societal * rules ? )
3rd meme : Mastery : “ step - by - step system ” ( Because practice and sequential learning makes the * master * :
4th meme : Sexuality : this one ’s obvious : “ meet , attract , seduce or date beautiful women ”
Note on the analysis of the 4th meme : note how you seduce OR date beautiful women .
Note how the implication is that you ca n’t do BOTH with the same woman , which hints at the “ if you can get her in the sack on the first date , she ai n’t worth having ” mindset .
5th meme : Populist / The People / Everyman : “ that anyone can learn . ”
The seductive meme here is that this is open to Joe Average and John Doe .
6th meme : Security / Sure Bet : “ … that GUARANTEES results . ”
The meme here is that this system is fool - proof and surefire .
In some ways , this may be the most important meme , for the following reason :
CHECK OUT THE PRICES THIS WEBSITE CHARGES !!
Please scroll down to the bottom of the webpage : you will see listed there the section for “ Upcoming Events . ”
There are two basic programs listed : the Comprehensive Boot Camp and the Breakthrough Comfort programs .
There is a section for “ Availibility ” ( which obviously changes rapidly and could certainly create an urgency within the viewer to sign up BEFORE THE PROGRAM GETS FILLED ! ) .
Most importantly , look over to the far right of the page underneath the “ Price ” and “ Deposit ” sections .
The lowest price is for 950 DOLLARS - that ’s a **** minimum **** price for deposit , although the “ Breakthrough Comfort ” programs ** are ** “ only ” 950 dollars .
I want to contrast this with the inexpensive price of Alan Currie ’s Mode One book , which is 19 - something dollars plus tax and perhaps shipping and handling .
This was my “ a - ha ” moment , when I realized that while they might not be the * primary * targets , that men were * also * getting preyed on by mainstream patriarchal PUAism .
In fact , back on TG ’s second PUA thread , someone made the ** very ** valid observation that men are the ** primary ** targets and women are the ** bait .**
I tend to thing of women as the “ primary ” targets ( Hades , we ’re even called “ targets , ” ) , but a very good argument is that this could easily be a case of misdirection and deception on the part of PUA gurus .
Sure .
When hunting , we do n’t alert the deer , now do we ?
This is a ** lot * * of dough required by the Mystery Method for men to be spending in order to have a sex life .
While mainstream PUAism preys on women , do n’t ever doubt that it does n’t prey on men too - it uses their hopes , dreams , angers , sense of existential powerlessness , the subsequent craving for power , loneliness , and frustration to empty their wallets .
Do the techniques work ?
Sure - in the hands of someone who ’s willing to be manipulative .
And in turn , the men who are willing to manipulate women into bed are ** also * * getting manipulated out of their hard - earned cash , and , IMHO , their ethics and morals .
The question we have to ask ourselves as peoples and as a civilization is if this is something that we really want to participate in .
Jesus said , “ What profits a man to gain the whole world if he loses his soul ? ”
Do we really think we can buy sexuality , beauty , power , and mastery ?
Do we think that we do n’t hurt ourselves when we are willing to spend exorbitant money - money that could be used to invest and save , money that could be used for charity , money that could be used to build , invent , create - on learning how to control other people to get sex and banish loneliness ?
I realize that these sound like rhetorical questions , but I ’m hoping that people *** really * ** ask themselves these things .
The increasing atomization and lack of social connections in my opinion is rendering our society , both men and women alike , much more vulnerable to manipulation and propaganda appealing to the “ get laid quick ” and “ find someone NOW ” urges that many of us have to struggle with daily .
One solution will be and must be the restoration of community and social ties to our culture … but that ’s not the focus of the blog .
Another solution that we can and must implement along with the restoration of community and sociality is CRITICAL THINKING .
We must –for our own integrity , morality , mental health , and viability as a civilization ! –start teaching and practicing critical thinking .
It is time for Joe and Jane Westerner to avoid falling for propaganda offering ecstasy predicated on manipulation and control , promises that prey on the increasing feeling of powerlessness that permeates our society .
PERIOD .
Adult parenting can bring with it a whole host of other issues , and a need to see your relationship with your kids in an entirely new light .
The truth is that most people never outgrow the need for their parents , and adult parenting reflects that need with new challenges and responsibilities from both sides of the relationship .
When new parents bring that precious little bundle home from the hospital , it is doubtful that they are considering the implications that a lifetime of parenting will bring .
Although most kids only live with their parents for the first couple of decades of life , the parenting job is never really finished entirely .
Adult parenting can bring with it a whole host of other issues , and a need to see your relationship with your kids in an entirely new light .
The truth is that most people never outgrow the need for their parents , and adult parenting reflects that need with new challenges and responsibilities from both sides of the relationship .
When new parents bring that precious little bundle home from the hospital , it is doubtful that they are considering the implications that a lifetime of parenting will bring .
Although most kids only live with their parents for the first couple of decades of life , the parenting job is never really finished entirely .
Adult parenting can bring with it a whole host of other issues , and a need to see your relationship with your kids in an entirely new light .
The truth is that most people never outgrow the need for their parents , and adult parenting reflects that need with new challenges and responsibilities from both sides of the relationship .
Young Adult Parenting
Here it is – your son has made it through the teen years and college , and is ready to strike out on his own in the world .
But guess what ?
He is undoubtedly still going to need Mom and Dad to lend a helping hand in a variety of ways .
What he wo n’t be needing or wanting is your unsolicited advice or lectures on how he should lead his life at this point in time .
It is important at this time that adult parenting involves support and meeting whatever needs arise , while letting your adult child forge his own way and , yes , make his own mistakes .
The good news is that this is a prime opportunity for you to form a close bond with your son or daughter while learning to let go in other ways .
The Next Ten Years
As your daughter spends a few years in the work place , and possibly gets married and begins her family , a whole new set of challenges and opportunities will arise .
You will be faced with the reality of in - laws and the fact that you are now a grandparent .
This is the time when adult parenting can include offers to help with practical needs like babysitting , and encouragement in the parenting realm without lecturing about the proper way to raise kids .
It is important to respect the rules of your daughter ’s household at this point , since she is probably trying to create the best environment for raising her children .
This is also the time when you can enjoy those grandbabies to the fullest , without the duty and obligation that parenting can bring .
Mid-Life Crisis
It is interesting to observe how adult parenting can become about your kids parenting you as they see you get on in years .
All of a sudden the tables might be turned on unwanted advice , and your children begin to decide the best lifestyle for you in your senior years .
It is important to keep in mind that your [ tag - ice ] children [ / tag-ice ] are acting out of concern , just as you did with them in their younger years .
It is also necessary for you to maintain your independence , and you can gently let your kids know how important that is to you .
The middle years of adulthood can be an unsettling time for many , so your kids may need a sounding board during this time as well .
It is true that once you are a parent , you are always a parent , no matter how old your kids are .
Adult parenting can bring a whole new host of challenges to the parent - child relationship , but it can also bring a multitude of opportunities to expand that relationship to make it richer and deeper .
While your children may never thank you sufficiently for all that you have done for them , they may get to the middle years of [ tag - tec ] adulthood [ / tag- tec ] with a new appreciation of the sacrifices that parents are called to make for their kids .
You will gain the satisfaction of seeing them learn the same lessons that you had to learn in your younger adult years .
The relationships that are built in adult [ tag - cat ] parenting [ / tag - cat ] can be rich and rewarding .
Last updated at 10:19 12 October 2006
He can dance , he can serve a tennis ball at 140 mph , he 's the CEO of his own investment firm and he even has the power to heal .
But Yale student Aleksey Vayner is today the laughing stock of Wall Street after an unintentionally hilarious video CV he sent to a prospective employer was forwarded to hundreds of people .
Watch the hilarious video CV
And the seven - minute long motivational video is the stuff legends are made of .
Mr Vayner identifies himself in the video , titled ' Impossible Is Nothing ' , as as a multi-sport professional athlete , the CEO of two companies , and an investment adviser .
The film shows him apparently lifting a 495 - pound weight , serving a tennis ball at 140 miles an hour , and ballroom dancing with a scantily clad female .
In one cringeworthy scene , he emerges enrobed in a white karate suit and breaks six bricks in one fell swoop .
He also claims he can cure people using his knowledge of Chinese medicine .
After being described in the opening lines of the video as " a model of personal success and development to everybody , " Mr. Vayner says , " Failure can not be considered an option . "
In his covering letter to financial services firm UBS AG , he delivers a classic anecdote : " ' As a world - level athlete in several sports , I have developed an insatiable appetite for peak performance and continuous learning .
My trainer and world martial arts champion often said , " Impossible is just someone 's opinion . "
I live by those words . '
Summer is nearly here , and with it comes the great American culinary tradition : barbecue !
BBQ is both a rite of summer and a rite of manhood ( yes , BBQ is associated with male cooking , probably because any sane woman would not go near the combination fire , meat and beer ) .
In some parts of the USA , BBQ is not just food , it 's a religion .
The fastest way to start a fight is not to talk politics , but to argue about the virtues of wood vs. charcoal vs. gas .
Even the word itself is kind of controversial : is it barbecue , barbeque , bar - b-q , or BBQ ?
Just do n't bring it up with a purist ( or the one cooking your burger ! )
There 's no argument , however , about the popularity of BBQ .
The Hearth , Patio & Barbecue Association ( yes , it 's a real organization - actually it is just one of many dedicated to barbecuing ) did a study called " The State of Barbecue Industry Report " .
The 2005 study [ pdf ] stated that 4 out of every 5 US households own a grill - in fact , 1 in 5 own more than one grill .
And not surprisingly , " the primary griller ( male ) in the majority of households considers themselves to be average or above in terms of cooking skills " .
A central object in the BBQ world is the grill ( or the smoker , or the pit depending on who you ask ) .
These BBQ grills come in all shapes and sizes , but we 're not here to talk about the grills you can pick up at your local home improvement store .
We 're talking about cool and unusual ones ; if you 're looking to feed your closest hundred or so friends at your next backyard party , this is the list for you !
So , without further ado , let 's check out our picks for the Top 10 Coolest BBQ Grills .
When Brian and I started Weblogs , Inc. the idea of paying bloggers–heck , even making money from blogging –was considered offensive to many .
Blogging was , as the case was stated , a highly personal activity that should not be trivialized by the forces of commerce and greed .
I do n’t have a complicated relationship with money or capitalism : I love them both and see them as simply as fuel and the process by which fuel is produced .
Money to me means time , time means quality , and quality means success .
Quality .
That single factor is what determines the winners in our business .
Google ’s search is of higher quality than Yahoo , MSN , and even AOL’s .
Because of that Google wins .
Engadget is of higher quality than Gizmodo and they are ranked first and second place in their space .
Similarly , LifeHacker is of better quality than DownSquad today and as a result they are ranked one and two in their space .
For background , my friend Nick Denton of Gawker fame owns Gizmodo and LifeHacker , and we ( AOL ) own Engadget and DownloadSquad .
My point here is that in order for us to beat LifeHacker we need to increase our quality , and in order for Gizmodo to ever beat Engadget they need to increase their quality .
The only way to do that is an investment of time .
Time equals money , so they both need an investment on a cash basis .
Today we have around 200 bloggers on the Weblogs , Inc. payroll .
Two years later John Battelle took the idea and extended it in a blog repping business .
Om Malik has raised funding and stolen a Red Herring reporter , and even the nascent vlogging space is in full - blown talent war mode .
What was foreboden three years ago is commonplace today .
Talented people ’s time in our society is primarily engaged with money .
As a result we are doubling the staff of DownloadSquad and we ’ve increased the rate we are paying our bloggers to $ 10 a post on that blog ( much more for features ) .
As a result I ’m sure our traffic will double over the next three months–in fact I will guarantee that it will happen .
Money does change everything .
Talent wins , and talent needs to get paid .
I love paying talented people so they can sleep well at night doing what they love .
That ’s my biggest joy in business : gettin ’ people paid .
Before launching the new Netscape I realized that Reddit , NewsVine , Delicious , and DIGG were all driven by a small number of highly - active users .
I wrote a blog post about what drives these folks to do an hour to three hours a day of work for these sites which are not paying them for their time .
In other words , they are volunteering their services .
The response most of these folks gave back to me were that they enjoyed sharing the links they found and that they got satisfaction out of being an “ expert ” or “ leader ” in their communities .
Excellent … excellent ( say that in a Darth Vadar / Darth Calacanis voice for extra impact ) .
That is exactly what bloggers told Brian and I three years ago when we started .
Given that , I have an offer to the top 50 users on any of the major social news / bookmarking sites :
We will pay you $ 1,000 a month for your “ social bookmarking ” rights .
Put in at least 150 stories a month and we ’ll give you $ 12,000 a year .
( note : most of these folks put in 250 - 400 stories a month , so that 150 baseline is just that –a baseline ) .
Now , this offer is going to get a big response I know , so we ’re going to have to limit to a dozen or so folks .
However , I ’m absolutely convinced that the top 20 people on DIGG , Delicious , Flickr , MySpace , and Reddit are worth $ 1,000 a month and if we ’re the first folks to pay them that is fine with me–we will take the risk and the arrows from the folks who think we ’re corrupting the community process ( is there anyone out there who thinks this any more ?! ) .
We ’re gonna identify this people in our system as “ Netscape Navigators , ” and they will work with our full - time “ Netscape Anchors ” to build a community .
I see a day when we have the eight full - time Anchors working with two dozen Navigators to keep the site fresh and clean ( hmm … I think I need a better choice of words here ) .
The concept of “ free ” content producers , which I think WIRED called crowdsourcing , is going to be a short - lived joke .
A loophole in the content business that will be closed by savvy startups which identify the top 5 % of the audience and buy their time .
If we ’re ( DIGG , Delicious , Flickr , Reddit , MySpace , Netscape , etc ) are going to make businesses out of this space we should share the wealth .
As we say in Brooklyn : everyone ’s gotta eat . *
* Note : Everything I know about business I learned in Brooklyn .
I learned this one from my father while at his restaurant when I asked him why we did n’t just buy our own jukebox and instead split the money with the “ goodfella ” who brought the machine in , changed the records every month , and split the quarters with us .
“ Everyone ’s gotta eat ” he told me .
It was n’t the last time I would hear that expression , and there are many variations of it that the ‘ fellas in the neighborhood would use .
“ Can I get a taste ? ” or “ I need a taste ” were two of many variations on the theme .
This expression was a the humble–or demanding –way of saying you wanted a cut of the action ( money ) .
Note 2 : One of my favorite Knicks of all time , Latrell Sprewell , famously used a variation of this saying by stating that he had a family to feed when turning down a $ 10 M + deal from the Timberwolves .
They would n’t give him a better deal and he sat out last year–perhaps his final quality year as a basketball player .
This is an important lesson for the talent out there : your first offer is usually your best offer .
I ’m just saying … 🙂
Assignee : new - network - bugs → morse
Component : Networking → Password Manager
QA Contact : benc → tpreston
Summary : Proxy : use password manager to → Proxy : add option to allow HTTP auth passwords to be automatically submitted on next startup ( was : use password manager to )
NY Times : The Supreme Court ' moved right '
RAW STORY
Published : Saturday June 30 , 2007 Print This Email
This A front page article in Sunday 's edition of The New York Times examines how the Supreme Court " moved right . "
" It was the Supreme Court that conservatives had long yearned for and that liberals feared , " Linda Greenhouse writes for the paper .
" By the time the Roberts court ended its first full term on Thursday , the picture was clear .
This was a more conservative court , sometimes muscularly so , sometimes more tentatively , its majority sometimes differing on methodology but agreeing on the outcome in cases big and small . "
Excerpts from Times article : #
As a result , the court upheld a federal anti-abortion law , cut back on the free - speech rights of public school students , strictly enforced procedural requirements for bringing and appealing cases , and limited school districts  ability to use racially conscious measures to achieve or preserve integration .
With the exception of four death penalty cases from Texas , where the state and federal courts remain to the right of the Supreme Court and produce decisions that the justices regularly overturn , the prosecution prevailed in nearly every criminal case , 14 of the 18 non -Texas cases .
Fully a third of the courts decisions , more than in any recent term , were decided by 5 - to - 4 margins .
Most of those , 19 of 24 , were decided along ideological lines , demonstrating the courts polarization whether on constitutional fundamentals or obscure questions of appellate procedure .
The courts last - minute decision , announced on Friday , to hear appeals from Guantánamo detainees required votes from at least five of the nine justices .
# FULL NY TIMES ARTICLE CAN BE READ AT THIS LINK
New academic research suggests that neither social norms nor the threat of lawsuits are enough to keep college students from illegally downloading music .
The study , which appeared in the most recent issue of Cyberpsychology & Behavior , provides no answers to a music industry that is desperately seeking ways to put the brakes on file - sharing .
It does suggest that such sharing does n't hurt the music business , though ; according to the authors , " downloading intentions also had no direct relationship to either compact disc purchases or to subscriptions to online paid music services . "
" Share , Steal , or Buy ? A Social Cognitive Perspective of Music Downloading " was authored by Professors Robert LaRose and Junghyun Kim ( and highlighted by the superb Chronicle of Higher Education ) , and it examined the motivations of 134 students at a Midwestern university .
All of the students had downloaded music illegally in the past , and their answers to the survey questions indicated that most intended to continue downloading in the future .
It turns out not to matter whether the university or a student 's parents believe that such music downloads are wrong ; these norms were simply not absorbed by the students .
Two things did affect student behavior .
One was a sense of moral justification ; students who believed that downloading music was an ethical behavior were likely to download more of it .
That 's a fairly predictable result , but more surprising was the finding that students were more likely to download music if they believed that their classmates were downloading more than they were .
As the researchers put it , " the less excessive one 's downloading was perceived to be compared to others , the more deficient was self - regulation [ of downloading ] . "
This is " keeping up with the Joneses , " college style .
It turns out that many students simply care more about downloading music than they do about rightness , wrongness , or consequences .
The researchers have two theories for this , one of which is that file - sharing is more of a social phenomenon than an economic one .
" That is , " say the researchers , " downloaders of free , so - called ' pirate ' music seemed to be more motivated by the social aspect of trading and sharing music with other music enthusiasts rather than the proposition of saving money on music purchases . "
This certainly seems to be the case for the students who run darknet servers for no profit , even as their school cracks down on the practice .
There 's also a darker explanation : addiction .
How else to explain the fact that some students persist in their behavior even after repeated disciplinary action and suspensions ?
A personal story recounted by one of the authors provides a useful example :
" In the first author 's class a student reported that he was among those caught up in the most recent dragnet of the Recording Industry Association of America and as a consequence had been subjected to an escalating series of punishments by the university , ending in his disenrollment from the university .
This individual expressed a casual attitude towards the actions of his university , rationalizing that in the end he could just move on to university in the next state and begin downloading again ! "
With few effective ways to convince students to stop swapping music , should the music industry be worried about its survival ?
According to the students surveyed ( keep in mind that the survey measured future " intentions " rather than actions ) , downloading music had no negative effect on their plans to purchase CDs or sign up for online music services .
This fits with other recent research , but do n't expect the RIAA to buy the argument .
According to the trade group , the music business loses more than $ 4 billion a year to piracy .
If recent academic studies are correct , however , none of this loss is due to P2P swapping .
Silicon Valley couple Pam and Paul Costa apparently have high hopes for their son Edison .
They 've decorated the little tyke 's nursery in a Thomas Edison theme , and the centerpiece is an actual Cray Y - MP supercomputer they 've pressed into service as a seating area .
Apparently these horseshoe - shaped behemoths , which were $ 5 million mofo supercomputers back in 1988 , can now be picked up at yard sales .
Advertisement
Let 's just hope little Edison grows up to be interested in computers , or there are going to be two very disappointed parents in Sunnyvale .
We 're wondering if Edison 's marriage has n't already been arranged , too .
Check out the gallery for a tour of this unique nursery , and do n't miss our favorite , a blackboard complete with the molecular formulas for milk , pee and poop .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Edison 's Nursery [ Costa ]
Via Reuters :
Dissident U.S. intelligence officers angry at former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld helped a European probe uncover details of secret CIA prisons in Europe , the top investigator said on Tuesday .
Swiss Senator Dick Marty , author of a Council of Europe report on the jails , said senior CIA officials disapproved of Rumsfeld 's methods in hunting down terrorist suspects , and had agreed to talk to him on condition of anonymity .
" There were huge conflicts between the CIA and Rumsfeld .
Many leading figures in the CIA did not accept these methods at all , " Marty told European Parliament committees , defending his work against complaints it was based on unnamed sources .
The report issued last month said the Central Intelligence Agency ran secret jails in Poland and Romania , with the complicity of those governments , and transported terrorist suspects across Europe in secret flights .
Read more ...
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - T - Mobile USA , the No. 4 U.S. mobile service , said on Wednesday it was starting to offer customers a new service that uses short - range Wi-Fi networks to improve reception when needed .
The U.S. wireless unit of Deutsche Telekom AG said the service would improve indoor coverage by automatically swapping calls from the cellular network to run over Wi -Fi , a radio technology found in most laptop computers and an increasing number of cell phones .
Subscribers would pay an extra fee of up to $ 19.99 per line or $ 29.99 for five lines on top of regular monthly cellular bills for unlimited calls in a subscriber ’s home or the nearly 8,500 places T - Mobile runs Wi -Fi , like Starbucks coffee shops .
Mike Selman , T - Mobile USA ’s product marketing director , hopes the service appeals to people who want to ditch their landline home phone but are concerned about weak cellular coverage or costs .
“ About 30 percent of wireless calls are made from within the home , ” Selman said .
Selman said the service would help T - Mobile USA compete better with its rivals .
Two of them are owned by traditional wireline telephone companies : AT&T Inc. and Verizon Wireless , a venture of Verizon Communications and Vodafone Group Plc .
Sprint Nextel Corp. , the No. 3 U.S. wireless service , does not have a landline business but has forged a venture with cable operators to provide services similar to T - Mobile USA ’s latest offering .
Jupiter Research analyst Michael Gartenberg said the service made sense for consumers who want only one phone .
“ At that point it becomes a very strong incentive to get rid of the landline , ” he said .
“ If you have to keep your landline in addition , unless you ’re planning on talking on your cell phone a lot , the extra $ 20 may not make sense . ”
T- Mobile USA ’s service will work with Samsung Electronics Co. ’s t409 phone or the Nokia 6086 , which the company will sell online or in its stores .
In response to a question on " FOX News Sunday " yesterday about George Tenet 's accusation that Bush administration neocons ( Cheney , Perle , Feith ) were pushing hard for war with Iraq despite Saddam having no links whatsoever to 9/11 , Bill Kristol invoked Bill Clinton and said Tenet was not only a " mediocre " DCI , but also a " crybaby . "
Download Download
Of course , comparing Clinton 's Iraq policy to Bush 's is the height of hilarity .
While it 's certainly true that Clinton signed the Iraq Liberation Act of 1998 that supported regime change , he did not unilaterally invade the country based on false pretense in defiance of world opinion .
Nor did he do so in a reckeless manner that exacerbated the terrorist threat worldwide .
Nice try , William the Bloody .
Just take responsiblity for your misguided war and demented worldview already .
Yea right ... like that will ever happen .
He 'll just continue to use his FNC and TIME platforms to lecture everyone on how stupid they are , despite his being wrong about , well , everything .
ALBERT ELLIS , sometimes called the Lenny Bruce of psychotherapy , had a different use for the phallus from Freud ’s : action , not analysis .
Or , action !
he might say , adding his favored punctuation mark and maybe italics , too , lest the emphasis remain undetected .
Freud ’s methods were simply too glacial for him .
Dr. Ellis , who died last week at 93 , laid out his prescriptive calls to action in more than 75 books .
Mostly the books deal with his pioneering and extremely popular and influential rational emotive behavior therapy , and how it can rid you of your neuroses ( stop moping ) , but among them are a handful of sex manuals .
Here ’s a sampling from the Ellis oeuvre .
MARY JO MURPHY
•
From “ How to Stubbornly Refuse to Make Yourself Miserable About Anything : Yes , Anything ! ” :
Not all emotional disturbance stems from arrogant thinking .
But most of it does .
And when you demand that you must not have failings , you can also demand that you must not be neurotic .
...
Neurosis still comes mainly from you .
...
And you can choose to stop your nonsense and to stubbornly refuse to make yourself neurotic about virtually anything .
...
Image Credit ... King Features
Will insight into your emotional problems help you overcome them ?
... Conventional insight will help you very little .
For it says that your knowledge of exactly how you got disturbed will make you less neurotic .
Drivel !
It will often help make you become nuttier !
First , let ’s knock out the junk that invarably clutters a campaign .
Things that Don’t Matter
The War–going into Iraq was a choice .
Getting out of the war is fairly straight forward .
1 ) establish security , 2 ) build up local government , 3 ) turn control over to the locals , 4 ) leave .
Right now we ’re between # 2 and # 3 .
It ’s unlikely that McCain or Obama will be able to do anything to change those dynamics .
Expect both to talk differently , but ultimately do the same thing .
The Economy –the President has little influence on the economy .
Much of the economy is driven by fear / greed / global economic cycles that the U.S. government can do little about .
In the short term , much of what little the U.S. government can do is done through the Federal Reserve Board .
Members are appointed by the president , but in recent years the Fed has become largely a non-political institution .
( Former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan served both Republican and Democratic Presidents ) I would be surprised if either Obama or McCain replace Mr. Bernanke .
In the long term the President has some effect by influencing the legislative branch which does play a significant ( long term ) role by defining business law / oversight and controlling the US budget .
But at best the President is no more than a small minority shareholder in someone else ’s show .
Moral Positions–our Federal government fragments power in such a way that any one branch of government can easily check the aspirations of any of the other branches .
It makes our government maddeningly slow to act , but also prevents a president from imposing extreme positions –for example prohibiting abortion in the cases of rape and incest–on an disagreeing population .
Issues that Would Matter if I had the Gift of Prophesy
Military vs. Domestic Spending :
The rhetoric indicates that after the Iraq withdraw Obama would invest the “ peace dividend ” in beefed up domestic / foreign aid spending .
McCain would re-invest the savings in military .
Here ’s where the gift of prophecy comes in –no one knows who is going to attack next .
Historically large armies prevent expensive wars .
( That ’s how Switzerland and Sweden stayed out of WWII ) Bin Laden ’s Sept 11 attack is no exception –he ’d been watching the US for years and had become convinced the US was a “ paper tiger ” .
Is there another Bin Laden out there we need to intimidate ?
Who knows .
Health Care :
The system we have is a nightmare .
My typical medical bill comes with a 25 % to 50 % “ network discount ” because I have health insurance provided by my employer .
If I was part of the working poor I would get NO DISCOUNT .
( It ’s against the law for health care providers to offer a cash discount , but are required by insurance companies to offer people with insurance major discounts )
In short the working poor not only do n’t get help from insurance , they pay a total bill that ’s 25 % to 50 % more than the combined bill paid by richer American ’s and their health insurance companies .
Another example –if someone is born with a chronic medical condition they can be deemed “ uninsurable ” and can not purchase private health insurance .
In other forms of insurance the buyer has a choice–at least in part .
If I drive fast and dangerously I ’d better be prepared to pay high auto insurance .
If I choose to live in a flood plain –I ’d better buy flood insurance .
But if I choose to be born ?
People who fall into that unfortunate category must either hold onto a job or pay the “ poor tax ” on the uninsured .
A fair nationwide plan is appealing .
However , considering the “ success ” of large government projects –Katrina , rebuilding Iraq , veteran ’s health care , etc , I have little faith that the federal government has the capacity to successfully administer an effective and fair nationwide healthcare plan .
I would be overjoyed if the next president could accomplish as much as simply convincing Congress to create fair laws that even the playing field so that the uninsured are no longer paying more than the insured .
Finaly , why I Support McCain
Sarah Palin .
It ’s not just Sarah , but what it says about McCain ’s ability to build a diverse / quality executive team .
1 ) She is a Governor–By picking Palin McCain emphasised that his own vast legislative experience needed to be augmented by someone with executive experience .
Obama ’s selection of Biden is disappointing at best ( suggests his limited legislative experience is not sufficient ) and downright bad at worst .
2 ) She is a Woman–she epitomizes the values the feminist movement taught America .
Her grit and determination are inspiring .
3 ) Efficiency–she ’s one of the ( very ) few politicians that ’s successfully taken on government corruption .
In an age where the dominant political strategy is to build coalitions of special interests her re-occurring theme is that the people ’s money should be spent on projects the people want .
That ’s refreshing .
( Her 80 % approval rating is phenomenal )
Lastly –with the house / senate Democratic ( and unlikely to change ) I fear the loss of Gridlock .
Gridlock is good .
Gridlock makes people stop and think of creative solutions that satisfy not only their constituents , but their opponents constituents .
Gridlock favors America .
You wo n’t hear this from any candidate ’s lips– but I ’ll say it : Vote for gridlock !
Jeff Staddon is an independent voter who has voted for both Democratic and Republican candidates in the past .
Children who were taught a curriculum that focused on self - control and awareness of their own and others ’ emotions were found to exhibit greater social competence and fewer behavioral and emotional problems .
According to a recent study in Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences , when teachers taught a particular curriculum to students for 20 - 30 minutes - per-day , three times - per - week over a six - month period , lower rates of aggression and anxiety / sadness were seen when evaluated a year later compared to children randomized to normal classroom procedures .
“ Several complex cognitive processes , such as the ability to cope in stressful situations , are related to the development of the prefrontal areas of the brain starting in the preschool years , ” says study author Mark Greenberg .
“ We know that deficiencies in the function of these lobes are linked to problems like aggression , depression and attention disorders . ”
Therefore , the Promoting Alternative Thinking Strategies ( PATHS ) curriculum , which stimulates cognitive and emotional skills , enhances the child ’s ability to cope with stress and make good choices .
Greenberg offers an example of a simple PATHS skill that helps children understand and identify feelings in others .
“ Children use ‘ feeling faces ’ cards throughout the day to indicate clearly to others what emotions they are experiencing , ” says Greenberg .
“ By labeling the emotions clearly , children learn to recognize them in themselves and others , which will aid them in managing those emotions . ”
The main advantage of this curriculum is its preventive nature .
Rather than focusing on treating negative behaviors after they have become stable and disruptive , PATHS provides children with coping strategies to prevent the development of behavioral and emotional difficulties .
Note to public utility companies :
Do not cross Gore Vidal .
A week after representatives from the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power came to his Hollywood Hills home to inspect ( and then shut down ) his newly installed solar power system , Vidal is still “ on the grid , ” unable to use solar until the system is fully re-inspected .
As his fans would expect , the puissant author and tough customer has let fly with some strong words about the utility company , the state of California and the state of the country at large .
Although the DWP insists that the shutdown was a safety - related standard procedure according to their protocol , and that there were some issues with the way in which his solar system was set up and activated , Vidal questions the use of said protocol and the motives behind it .
Simply put , he tells Truthdig ’s Associate Editor Kasia Anderson , “ [ utility companies ] have no intention for anyone to use solar power so long as there ’s a drop of oil anywhere in the world . ”
Kasia Anderson :
Let ’s just catch up here in terms of where things stand at this point in the saga . …
Gore Vidal :
Well , in the saga of light and day and the dark of the moon … exactly a year ago , there was a total blackout .
I live in the Hollywood Hills , and the area around [ my street ] and other streets that go up from down below from the flats to the high mountaintop to help people cross over to the Valley — this is a street that people like to take to get from Hollywood , let ’s say to San Fernando Valley , Burbank , and so on .
That said , to my astonishment , I was , like everybody else , on the grid ; I never questioned it , never thought about it .
Next thing I know , for eight days we are without any power of any kind in the house , and some genius somewhere in the municipal divisions had managed to turn my telephone off .
So , I had no telephone , no light , no nothing , and was forced , at enormous expense , to move with my godson , who is an expert — he ’s part of the Green Party in France , where he lives , and he is not an American — I hope there was no resentment over that , but he was very helpful in just setting this thing up .
A lot of people fled .
I was one of them .
For one thing , I was not about to have a stroke ; there was no air conditioning or anything else .
So , I went to a hotel and stayed there at a huge expense for 10 days , maybe longer .
And every day they ’d say , “ Oh yes , we ’re getting closer , ” and , “ Well , your buildings are too old ! ”
Well , this house was built in the ’ 20s ; that ’s quite true .
But why not tell me , the buyer of the house , when I bought it ?
Did anybody from Power and Water come by to say , “ Well , you ’d better check on such and such ? ”
No , they did n’t .
We did check on everything to make sure everything was OK .
And so many people who had rented this house over many years had cheated everybody .
We had one couple — he declared bankruptcy , she wisely did not , and she ended by owing us $ 45,000 in rent — doing nothing about light , anything else .
I dare give no more examples of her bad citizenship , because the [ Los Angeles Department of Water and Power ] would immediately say , “ She did it !
She did it ! ”
You know , they ’re looking to blame somebody for the mess they made over here .
The least they could do is transfer the fault elsewhere — well , they can ’t .
This was arbitrarily their own mess .
So in due course , my godson the Green Party man had worked out how simple it would be , and he got hold of some very nice solar people out here , so we did everything by the book to install , just to transfer over from the grid , which uses up what ’s left of the oil in the world , and simultaneously we went to work to collect as much sunlight as we could .
We did n’t think there was a war against it .
I should have known better — this is America ! — that anybody could have grabbed this , whether it be a municipal department who could claim it was under them , and you must clear everything with them … well , that ’s power !
That ’s real power .
And it ’s not power in the sense we like to think of it , which is power for the people who pay for … power !
And should get it in return and not have it taken away from them on some spurious thing : “ Well , you did n’t clear ; we have eight members of the board , and you have to clear it with all eight and you did n’t . ”
And so we tried to , because we were told , after the initial installation had been made , that we must apply for inspection from the [ DWP ] , which has invented a lot of rules which do n’t exist anywhere in the Constitution , in the state of California ’s laws , in any rulings by the state Assembly .
The whole government has been thrown out by this one little bureau , sitting — cowering — over there in this great big building , and legislating our water , our power .
“ We have our rulings , ” they say .
Well , I ’m sure you have ; I ’m sure you make 20 a day !
And not necessarily the rulings of the citizens of the state of California .
We ’re not held by your rulings .
We can be advised by them .
We can be protected by them , and we know that ’s what you care the most about : the well - being of the citizens of the state .
You ’re famous all over the world !
California cares .
The municipality of California cares !
Actually , nobody cares about anything except keeping total control and making sure that people , outsiders ( even though I ’ve been an insider in this state since 1929 ) , are not going to get away with anything .
They ’re not going to be independent of the grid .
The grid is holy .
It drinks water desperately , like somebody starving in Death Valley .
And , I should n’t think we were to be taken seriously on an important matter like this , which involves everybody !
Who owns the sun ?
Well , I do n’t think a little department strung up in this vast bureaucratic maze of so many little departments ( and big departments ) has any particular rights .
Anderson :
So , just so that I understand the process , … the contractor and your godson were aware of the procedures from the beginning and knew the DWP ’s rules and [ were ] doing all the paperwork .
As far as you knew , at the point of installation , you were good to go .
Vidal : Oh yes .
More than good to go ; people had been walked through it to see whether everything was correct and so on .
No complaints .
I do n’t have affidavits , but I probably could collect them .
Anderson :
And their initial complaint happened after they were finally made aware , last week , that it was installed and there had n’t been an inspection .
And their claim at that point was that it had been incorrectly and without permit … [ installed ] ?
Vidal :
My first prediction — I like to think of myself as an authority on bureaucracy — would be that it was improperly installed .
They did n’t know one wire from the other , the inspectors who came , and that ’s why they made such a mess .
They tore out my elevator , which gets me up from the downstairs part —
I ’m a gimp — and that was an unpleasant thing to do , because I woke up the next morning ready to go downstairs , and the machine was n’t working ; they had somehow ripped out the insides of it .
I have some electrical stuff in the bathroom , which I need , and they had torn that out !
This is a clean sweep !
And they were not going to admit it .
So , I started to call up the solar people , and they said , well , this is n’t solar that you ’re going on , and I said , well , it basically is .
They ’ve torn everything up , and it ’s because it ’s “ incorrectly done . ”
None of the people they sent over to examine it knew how it worked .
So , they just went merrily around ripping wires out of the ground and pulling them out of the walls , without being invited in .
It was also invasion of privacy .
And it was very daring , I thought .
If we lived in a country of law , I ’d have known exactly what to do : I ’d bring charges .
But we do n’t .
This is a country of cronies !
“ Heck of a job , Brownie ! ” I should have screamed from the housetops .
“ Heck of a job ! ”
The worse the work is , the more highly it ’s celebrated , and there ’s a bit of skimming going on all the time , too .
Otherwise , why are there so many of these little departments , you know ?
Making rules by which the public must live — but they do n’t have to !
That is really strange .
Anderson :
So you ’re unable to fully get off the grid , and you ’ll always be in some way beholden to the department . …
Vidal :
Oh , we ’re totally [ on the grid ] now .
We were totally off it , for a couple of weeks .
By the time they finished muddling around and pulling wires out and so on , they shoved us right back on where they wanted us !
Now they can just switch it off whenever they please .
And apparently they can get into the basement here whenever they please to make sure that they ’ve evaded such - and - such a switch .
Anderson :
And they do n’t call ahead to say they ’re going to need to come in ?
Vidal :
Well , they did at first , and I said , “ All the dials that you need are on the outside of the house !
You do n’t need to come inside ! ”
They always want to get down into the basement , because that ’s where they ’re cheating … oh , we can tell a mile away .
These are real dum -dums .
Anderson :
So , after your initial complaints , [ DWP representatives ] came [ on Tuesday ] . …
Vidal : Tuesday , and by the time I got up , they ’d turned off everything , all the lights .
“ Because , you see , we ’ve got to turn off the solar panels before we can get to the — do you understand that ?
We ’ve got to turn those off ! ” I said , “ Why ?
They ’re working terribly well ! ”
Well , there was no direct answer to that , except they wanted to !
And , ( a ) it ’s infantile , their approach , and ( b ) it ’s very , you know , Third Reich !
Anderson : I was told by another solar company provider that they do n’t need to necessarily come over to inspect nor to turn anything off in order to inspect .
Vidal :
Well , the fact that they know it ’s on and working should be enough .
They can tell that from their dials .
Anderson :
So , where did they leave it after you had the summit meeting of different representatives on Tuesday ?
[ Vidal ’s assistant ] Daren Simkin :
They went through all of the different requirements , and it apparently turned out that the solar was not installed exactly according to their requirements .
It was installed as efficiently as possible , which made sense given the structure of the house and the efficiency of the solar , but it did n’t completely comply with what they required .
So , the solar guy , William , who ’s the CEO of the [ solar ] company , had to rewire … and that was the end of it .
So , now they ’re currently working on the second stage of inspections .
Anderson : [ The solar company CEO ] being somebody who ’s done a lot of these before — he did n’t anticipate this complaint by them [ the DWP ] ?
Vidal : He was astonished .
He did n’t expect any of this .
Simkin :
The idea is it does n’t make sense electrically for them to rewire it this way .
Which begs the question :
What does the department have to do with this ?
Why should they make these rules that do n’t make sense across the board ?
Anderson :
Does it enable the DWP to use any excess solar energy in a better fashion ?
Simkin : I think it just complies with their rules — that ’s it .
Vidal :
Well , I think that they make their rules backwards , you know .
If there ’s a situation , they say , “ That ’s our rule , you see , and you ’ve gone against our rule !
And we ca n’t permit that , because this is for your protection and the protection of every good American ! ”
So we get a lot of nonsense .
Anderson :
And their explanation was that it had to do with personal safety … ?
Vidal :
We ’re so grateful for their attentions !
They ’re so good at personal safety in this state , you know .
Just go along the highways — you ’ll see how much they care .
Simkin :
And someone has to recognize the conflict of interest here .
Because as a government division , I suppose they have the right to protect the safety of citizens .
Vidal :
Or pretend that they are , which is what they ’re doing .
They do n’t give a damn !
Simkin :
But at the same time , when they ’re looking over the solar , if a citizen is buying solar , they ’re taking their business away from the department .
The department ’s losing money .
Why would the department want to help someone take their business elsewhere ? …
Vidal :
We went through all the stages that you ’re supposed to go through .
They had been informed .
And we opened the place for them in April to come and fulfill one of their extraordinary rules , and they never came , nor did they say they were n’t coming .
They just wasted our time , and then they made a second date , I think , and that was that .
By then , we were up and going .
Anderson :
So , essentially , “ you ’re never able to be fully off the grid ” is the moral of this story .
Vidal :
That is what they want ; that is what they ’ve achieved .
I want to turn it around . …
I mean , just ticking them off is not going to do it !
We ’ve got to prove the force majeure and that is the sun !
Anderson :
If you have a boat and you want to run a solar panel on it , I gather that no inspection is required .
Vidal : Yes , and a boat can blow up in a harbor and take the harbor with it , too .
Anderson :
Is there any reason why [ the department ’s ] incentive program [ for installing solar power ] could be of any use to you as a household ?
I mean , would they cover for you if a tree fell on your solar panel ?
Vidal :
Oh , I ’m sure they would not .
They would drop a match after that .
Simkin :
The incentive is sizable at this point .
It ’s getting smaller .
Vidal :
It was big .
Anderson : I believe I read that 40 percent is about the standard incentive .
Vidal : I think that something may be made out of it that I ’m the only non-greedy person in this place — in this community — who is not trying to grab something for nothing : “ Boy , I really took them ! ”
I ’m just counter their culture , and I loathe their culture .
Anderson :
And it would seem like , at times like this , in the summer , when there is a huge strain put on the system for air conditioning and so forth , that it would be useful for some of the households to not be adding to that strain .
Vidal : Well , as I said , I thought this was a gift from me to the community , by removing myself from the grid .
Simkin : Related to that , I mean , if there was a shortage of oil , oil companies would n’t be excited about electric car companies rising up — they ’d raise the price of oil .
This is how they exert control .
Anderson :
And on top of the incentive for the installation , is there some tax write - off ?
Vidal :
There ’s something vague , I remember .
Simkin :
It seems like the only motivations that the department has [ for promoting solar ] are the governor ’s declared intentions to get so many people on solar by 2010 - 2011 .
There ’s that … and goodwill to protect the environment , which runs counter to the rules of capitalism .
Anderson :
The bottom line seems to be that the whole idea of harnessing the sun comes with red tape .
Simkin :
If all goes well , the [ re -] inspection process is supposed to take two weeks .
The original papers were put in April 20th .
Vidal :
They wo n’t come .
And then they ’ll stop coming altogether … every time they do n’t come , they say they ’re delaying , you know ?
Simkin :
And we ’re not supposed to use the solar until it ’s been inspected .
Vidal :
By what rule ?
We can take that one to court !
People have been using solar ever since the first person figured out how to work it to heat the pool !
Everyone ’s been heating their pool [ using solar ] forever , and nobody ’s come by to inspect it . …
Anderson :
At this point , you ’re fully back on the grid .
Vidal : Yep , to their delight .
They do n’t want anything to change now .
To promote Australia 's biggest Toy Sale , actors were dressed up as " big toys " with oversized hands attached to their costumes .
When the big toys started performing , it created the illusion that the hands were actually playing with them .
The wheels are coming off the Democratic machine , with angry voters starting to lose patience with the Party ’s chronic inability to act decisively on any of the key issues of public concern .
In a Reuters dispatch on June 18 , Democratic leaders in Congress concede that voters are angry with them for not doing enough to end the Iraq War .
They might have added that voters are also angry at them for not impeaching the president or even for moving on Rep. Dennis Kucinich ’s bill to impeach Vice President Dick Cheney ( H Res. 333 ) .
" I understand their disappointment .
We raised the bar too high , " bleats Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) .
No Harry .
You did n’t raise the bar too high .
You ducked under the bar , when it came time to act to defund the war .
Last month , instead of cutting off funding for Bush ’s war in Iraq , Congress passed a measure providing him with over $ 100 billion to fund it , attaching no strings to the measure — not even any deadlines for starting to withdraw troops .
This after running a 2006 campaign on ending the war .
No wonder Democrats and the independents and , yes , even Republicans who voted Democrats into control of Congress last November are furious .
" We can only do so much , " whines House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) .
No , Nancy .
The problem is that you have done so little .
Next to nothing really .
Of the vaunted list of progressive measures you came into office as Speaker promising to push , only one — the minimum wage bill — passed , and you managed that only by making it " blood money " — that is , by tying it to the Iraq War funding bill so that the president would n’t veto it .
That was a sick deal — making the same poor Americans who disproportionately carry the burden of fighting an insane , criminal and brutal war in Iraq also earn their raise by funding that war with their hard - earned tax dollars .
And besides , it ’s a pathetic measure anyway , offering workers only a minor raise for the first year , and ultimately , after a year and a half , bringing them to a wage -- $ 7.25 per hour — that most workers in the country already receive , or will be receiving by July , thanks to state laws .
Thanks a lot !
Meanwhile , Speaker Pelosi , who cannot stand up to a criminal president , has continued to stand in the way of any effort by her own party colleagues to call the administration to account for the crimes it has committed against the nation and the Constitution .
Sure , Congress is holding hearings , but the president and vice president are , quite predictably , stonewalling those hearings , refusing to allow key aids to testify , refusing to provide documents , and threatening to refuse subpoenas .
What Americans want is impeachment hearings on both men .
Let ’s at least start with Kucinich ’s Cheney impeachment bill .
It has seven co-sponsors .
That should be plenty to indicate that it ’s a serious measure .
So let ’s push it forward and start hearings on it .
Meanwhile , if Pelosi wants Americans to start thinking better of her party , she should lift the shackles from her minions and let Democratic House members freely file bills of impeachment against President Bush .
She should let John Conyers ( D - MI ) , the chair of the House Judiciary Committee , start holding hearings on impeachment .
Too divisive ?
Listen , Nancy and Harry , we Americans want a little divisiveness .
Americans thrive on political conflict .
Besides , we ’re sick of this war , and of the men who tricked us into it .
We ’re sick of seeing our cherished rights trashed .
We ’re sick of being told that we in this country are a bunch of whimpering wusses ready to surrender our rights in the fear that some third world bomb - thrower might attack the local Wendy’s .
Americans expected , and still want , the Democrats in Congress to stand up to the White House , not to cave in to it , or to try and " work with " it .
Pelosi and Reid , and the idiots at the party ’s helm , think that by continuing to do nothing , all the while whining about their own impotence , they stand to gain mightily in November 2008 .
They ’re in for a big surprise .
If they continue the way they ’re going , they ’ll lose not only the independents and Republicans who voted for Democratic candidates in 2006 , they ’ll lose the Democrats too .
----------------------
DAVE LINDORFF is a Philadelphia - based investigative reporter and columnist .
His work is available at www.thiscantbehappening.net.
Lindorff 's most recent book , co-authored with Barbara Olshansky , " The Case for Impeachment " ( St. Martin 's Press , 2006 ) , is now out in paperback .
Step 1 .
Tie missle balloons to car .
Step 2 .
Drive like a bat out of hell .
Step 3 .
Watch people freak out !!!!
HOME
DAMASCUS , Syria , July 27 —
At the onset of the Lebanese crisis , Arab governments , starting with Saudi Arabia , slammed Hezbollah for recklessly provoking a war , providing what the United States and Israel took as a wink and a nod to continue the fight .
Now , with hundreds of Lebanese dead and Hezbollah holding out against the vaunted Israeli military for more than two weeks , the tide of public opinion across the Arab world is surging behind the organization , transforming the Shiite group ’s leader , Sheik Hassan Nasrallah , into a folk hero and forcing a change in official statements .
The Saudi royal family and King Abdullah II of Jordan , who were initially more worried about the rising power of Shiite Iran , Hezbollah ’s main sponsor , are scrambling to distance themselves from Washington .
An outpouring of newspaper columns , cartoons , blogs and public poetry readings have showered praise on Hezbollah while attacking the United States and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice for trumpeting American plans for a “ new Middle East ” that they say has led only to violence and repression .
Welcome to the official home of the Adventures of Action Item comic strip !
Accept no substitute !
Read the FAQ if you 're interested ( updated 6 February , 2020 ) .
Send your feedback , thoughts , comments , etc. , to < arvy@arvyzpnyyvfgre.pbz > ( ROT13 to decode , or enable JavaScript ) .
Check out Neil 's Home Page when you 're done !
Some features of the site
online exhibits
scholarly works
Why the KDE project switched to CMake -- and how ( continued )
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
Why the project revamped its build system for KDE4
KDE developer Alexander Neundorf explains the background for the move away from the traditional " autotools "
KDE is one of the largest Free and Open Source Software ( FOSS ) projects .
It follows the typical " distributed development " model used by many other FOSS applications .
More than 1.200 developers around the planet have accounts and credentials to access its central source code repository .
This repository currently holds more than 4 million lines of program code , translations of approximately 100,000 user interface strings ( and many more lines of application manuals ) into more than 80 different languages .
Every day there are about 300 or more " commits " , adding new or modifying existing content .
Any software project of this size and scope can only prosper and go forward if it uses tools that are good enough to manage and build all its code , for all its contributors , on all supported OS and CPU platforms , all the time , without major problems .
Oftentimes " good enough " here translates into : " the best one that is available for our purposes " .
For its central source code management KDE last year migrated from the venerable " Concurrent Versioning System " ( CVS ) to the newer , more powerful Subversion ( SVN ) software .
That change in itself was an enormous stress test for the capabilities of the still young SVN project : a year ago , several preparatory " dry runs " which simulated the pending move revealed quite a number of bugs and performance problems in advance .
Close cooperation of some core KDE hackers with the Subversion developers lead to fixes and improvements to SVN itself before the real change - over for the huge KDE repository finally happened .
Now the next big change is happening : KDE is leaving the aging " autotool " build chain behind .
Some developers , not only in KDE , like to nickname the autotools as " auto - hell " because of its difficult to comprehend architecture .
So , KDE 4 will feature a completely different build system : CMake .
In typical KDE fashion the current move to CMake was not a " decision by committee " .
Instead , the old rule " who codes , decides " made itself felt once again .
Let 's look back at the history of this change .
The principal move away from autoconf , automake , configure , libtool & friends was decided at last year 's annual KDE conference , akademy .
KDE developers at the time discussed and evaluated several alternatives : back then , SCons ( a Python - based build tool ) was favored , spiced up with a KDE - wrapper called bksys to help with the actual work .
SCons / bksys already worked well for a number of developers who used it in their sub- projects , and the tandem seemed to easily win the race .
Up until January 2006 , several people worked hard on replacing the existing autotools based build system of KDE3 with SCons / bksys for KDE4 .
Their first acid test was to make it compile kdelibs on various platforms .
However , various hurdles showed up unexpectedly .
The KDE individuals who tried to bring SCons into a shape that made it fit for building such a huge project felt they did n't have any support from the upstream SCons developers .
There were major problems building KDE on non-Linux platforms with SCons ( e.g. on OS X ) ; in general they felt it did not yet have a mature configuration system .
The only option down that road was to create major SCons fixes and patches on their own .
Since these changes would not likely be included in the upstream sources , it would require permanent maintenance of the fixes in a separate repository .
In effect , this would have amounted to a fork of SCons.
KDE developers would have had to maintain the new build system entirely on their own .
So the rosy SCons / bksys image paled again ....
It was decided that CMake would be the build system for KDE 4 .
Beginning now , CMake will be the tool that is used to base all of KDE4 development .
During the aKademy 2005 discussions , CMake had fallen behind , mainly due to the fact that no one who was present at the meeting was overly familiar with CMake 's merits .
SCons / bksys had some enthusiastic supporters and contributors doing work , and they had already made large portions of kdelibs4 build with it , at least on Linux .
So most build system related work went into SCons during Autumn of last year .
However , in January , Jaison Lee drew this balance on the kde - buildsystem mailing list :
" scons / bksys has been in development for months and yet it seems to be months away at best from even being serviceable .
Perhaps it 's time to cut our losses and run . "
David Faure , one of our core developers , responded :
" Honestly , that 's my feeling too .
As it is right now , we 're stuck : no way to work on the configuration since it's not modular , and no way to compile kdelibs since kconfig_compiler can't be run . "
I had previously used CMake for several small and medium - sized projects , none of them being KDE - related .
So I already had a feeling of its merits ( as well as some of its shortcomings ) and I knew it would be a good fit for KDE 's needs .
I had had email contact with the CMake developers , and knew their stance on KDE 's needs .
Here is how I had proposed to evaluate CMake and what their developers had already pledged to change / improve for KDE 's needs :
Pros :
- they offered to implement the things which are missing to build KDE
- they have a fully working configure - like framework , that is easy to use
- I managed to build most of kdelibs ( KDE3 )
- cmake has no other dependencies except for a C++ compiler
- cmake supports basically every UNIX , MS Windows ( MSVC , Borland , cygwin , mingw ) and Mac OS X
- cmake can generate Makefiles and * projects * for KDevelop3 , MSVC 6,7 , XCode
- cmake has a simple syntax
- it features a testing framework
- it supports : compiling libs , apps , KDE kparts , KDE ioslaves , KDE loadable modules , - enable - final , la- file generation
- there is an am2 cmake ruby script which does around 90 percent of the work of converting Makefile.am's to cmake files
Cons :
- the cmake commands for installing files are not very powerful , but the developers know this may fix it to support KDE
- not sure : relinking during installation
- no progress percentage : this can not be done in cmake , since cmake is no build system itself , it just generates input files for the native buildsystem
When David Faure responded :
me thinks someone should start having a look at compiling kdelibs trunk with cmake :)
I immediately started to work on implementing a CMake - based build system for KDE 4 .
And of course , my first targets were the KDE core libraries ( " kdelibs " ) in the KDE SVN repository .
For converting the Makefile.am's to CMake I wrote a script which does most of the job , but the configure checks still had to be ported manually .
Without considering myself a buildsystem - expert , only two weeks later I was lucky enough to announce the first results :
" I think now I have reached a state were I can invite interested people to try compiling kdelibs with cmake .
I compiled kdelibs successfully on Slackware 9.1 ( gcc 3.2.3 ) and FreeBSD 5.4 ( gcc 3.4.2 ) , Bill Hoffman was able to compile it on Debian ( gcc 4.x ) . "
It did n't take long before more developers joined the effort .
Among them were OS X developers Benjamin Reed and Tanner Lovelace .
Just a few days later , Benjamin was able to announce the next major breakthrough :
" With my patch to knotify / daemon , I 've now successfully compiled all of kdelibs on Mac OS X . "
Then the Windows developers Christian Ehrlicher and Ralph Habacker joined followed by David Faure and Laurent Montel .
Today , almost all of the KDE modules have been converted to CMake , mostly in a tremendous effort by Laurent Montel .
The KDE 4 libraries ( kdelibs ) compile completely on all supported platforms , these are : Linux , * BSD , Mac OS X and MS Windows .
The CMake build works both with GCC and with the MS compilers .
SCons support has been removed from the subversion checkouts some weeks ago , and just a few days ago the support for the autotools has been removed in some KDE modules .
All this would not have been possible without the full and whole - hearted support by the CMake developers .
Developers Bill Hoffman and Brad King even joined our kde - buildsystem mailing list .
They were actively present every day , responded to all newbie questions ( yes , KDE developers are CMake newbies ! ) and in general helped wherever they could .
They even made several intermediate " KDE special " releases of CMake just to help us in our porting efforts .
And in turn , CMake benefited a lot from adapting to KDE 's needs and fixing bugs that showed up when compiling this large project .
As they put it :
" In the short time we have been working with the KDE developers in the migration to CMake , we have been impressed by the talents of the KDE developers and the quality of the source code .
Building one of the world 's largest open source projects has been an exciting challenge for CMake , and the result has benefited both projects .
We feel that since CMake can build KDE on every supported platform , it can build anything ! "
Everyone who will be building KDE4 ( developers , power users and distribution packagers alike ) now and in the future will have to make themselves familiar with a few things .
So , what is CMake actually ?
CMake 's development was supported by the National Library of Medicine ( NLM ) , the Advanced Computing Laboratory at Los Alamos National Lab , and National Alliance for Medical Image Computing ( NAMIC ) .
But like the chain of autotools , CMake itself does n't do the actual building itself .
The actual building is still done by the " make " utility or the respective native build tool on each platform .
CMake reads script files , named CMakeLists.txt ; the output it produces serves as input ( " Makefiles " or e.g. project files for XCode ) for the native build tool of each platform .
A run of cmake replaces what the chain of " autotools " ( autoconf , configure , automake , libtool , aclocal , amedit & co. ) did in previous KDE versions ( and still do for most FOSS projects ) .
Developers need to provide or check CMakelists .
txt files ( handwritten or generated by the respective IDE ) to make sure the build process works , instead of the Makefile .am files used to feed the autotools .
CMake can generate Makefiles for all supported platforms ; additionally it can generate project files for KDevelop3 ( KDE Integrated Development Environment ) , XCode ( Mac OS X IDE ) and several versions of MS Visual Studio ( Windows IDE ) .
To put it in other words : with the help of CMake ....
... on Linux you can use KDevelop3 ;
...on OS X you can use XCode and
... on MS Windows you can use MS Visual Studio to work on KDE .
Did I say Windows ?
Yes .
KDE4 will bring many of its best programs and technologies to the Windows platform , now that a GPL'd Qt4 is also available there .
Right now the KDE4 libraries compile under Linux , FreeBSD , Mac OS X and MS Windows .
Scribus moves too !
Scribus is one of the first projects to follow KDE 's lead with CMake adoption .
Peter Linnell , the Scribus webmaster , who is not a hard - core C++ coder himself has this to say : " It took me about all of 10 minutes after installing cmake to be able to grok and hack on cmake files in our source code .
That rocks . "
He sees CMake 's advantages in these points : " The CmakeLists . txt files are models of clarity and only require you to add the name of a file once , where makefile .am requires three different entries for a single file . "
" Speed - on my quite ordinary Linux system it takes 5 - 7 seconds to generate all the makefiles for Scribus , compared to 30 - 50 seconds for auto * "
" Much more useful error messages when you make a mistake in editing files .
Auto * error messages have been known to drive developers to a state of madness trying to fix the errors . "
" Smaller makefiles .
57 kb for the main Scribus makefile from cmake vs 257 kb from auto *
In the future , compiling Scribus with cmake is as simple as : cmake . " Adding CMake support to Scribus was done by Craig Bradney , who is not a full time developer .
Craig said : " It took a really short time to convert the Scribus build system . [...]
It took me about a week from CMake newbie status to at least generally understanding how it works and having Scribus building .
Running the very latest CVS was a major help as the KDE guys have switched and enhancements they required helped me out .
Once CMake 2.4.2 flows into the distros out there , we will more than likely dump autotools completely . "
Getting it to work under Windows was the hardest part .
KDE pushes the limits on this platform .
On Windows , you can compile KDE with MinGW MSYS and MS Visual C++ > =7 ( MSVC ) -- and all three of them work differently !
These were the main areas where CMake had to be changed to support KDE4's needs .
So , what does a CMakeLists .
txt file look like ?
Here 's the most simple one .
It will create an executable named " helloworld " ( or helloworld.exe on Windows ) from the source file main.
cpp :
add_executable ( helloworld main.cpp )
Put this file into your source directory and run cmake on it :
cmake < path_to_the_source_dir >
This will create a Makefile in the directory you ran cmake from ( the " builddir " ) .
That step works the same on each of the previously mentioned platforms , and you can compile the program with all of the before mentioned compilers available there .
In general , both in - source as well as out - of - source builds are supported by CMake .
However , building out - of - source is preferred and for building kdelibs it is currently even enforced ( i.e. " builddir != sourcedir " ) ; the minimum CMake version to be used for KDE4 is 2.4.2 .
Running cmake as seen above is equivalent to running automake and autoconf and configure when using autotools .
Any developer who starts a project needs to make sure that their sources will build .
Most developers find it painful to setup their build system when they use the current de facto standard , the " autotools " .
Once ( and as long as ) the autotool chain works , it is easy to handle .
Most power users who occasionally build applications from sources see only a very small part of its components .
But getting there is a big effort ....
Running " ./ configure ; make ; make install " seems easy enough , right ?
But the magic behind making those commands tick the right way is extremely difficult to master .
Any developer , even of a relatively simple project , who has to setup the build system on their own will likely confirm this .
The developer has to use ( and learn ) syntaxes for the combo of automake + autoconf + libtool + make + sh + perl + m 4 .
A measure of the autotool complication is indicated by the fact that source code tarballs of only a few hundred KBytes of size may require at least 0.5 MByte of space for the build scripts and autotool helper files .
In KDE3 development , we ended up with an autotools - based build system that most of our developers did not fully understand .
I estimate that no more than 10 people were able to fix any major problem occurring with it , first and foremost our " buildsystem - guru " Stephan Kulow .
Over the years , these guys must have been contacted by hundreds of co-developers with requests for help to fix build problems in specific applications and modules .
So , among KDE developers , and probably the developers of other autotools - based projects , there is the opinion that dealing with the build system is hard , almost higher magic .
This is a myth .
A myth created by autotools .
CMake is able to destroy this myth .
Yes , there is a new syntax for the CMakeLists .
txt files , but it is easy to learn .
At first CMake syntax is a bit unusual for the average UNIX hacker with lots of CAPITALIZATION , CamelCasedWords and quite verbose " IF ( SOME_SPECIFIC_CONDITION ) ...< do_something >... ENDIF( SOME_SPECIFIC_CONDITION ) " statements .
But a good editor with auto - completion makes it a breeze to handle , and the repetition of the conditions in the ENDIF line makes the meaning very unambiguous .
It is my hope that in a few months time , we will see all experienced developers become familiar enough with CMake to enable them to maintain the build systems of their respective modules and applications on their own .
The goal is to have 100 or more developers who can fix more difficult problems that may occur with CMake .
Changing to CMake gives us some additional benefits for free :
we can utilize the built - in support for continuous and / or nightly builds via Dart .
Dart is a software quality assurance system also developed by Kitware Inc .
Kitware is currently running a so - called dashboard for the KDE libraries .
This dashboard collects build results from all participating machines and platforms and displays them on a website .
To let your own machine feed its build results into the dashboard , just use " make Experimental " or " make Nightly " as your make command .
The next hourly update of the dashboard will show your machine name with detailed build results in the table .
Dart and the Dashboard will become a very useful tools to ensure that during development , KDE4 always compiles on all supported platforms ( or that any build problem will be fixed in no time ) , and that the unit tests keep run successfully .
( Yes , there is an accelerating addition of built - in unit tests written by a rising number of KDE application developers ; this makes us feel rather optimistic about KDE4's stability once it is ready for release ) .
Just make sure that you let one compile machine of yours build " Experimental " and / or " Nightly " targets ( especially if it sports one of the more uncommon platforms supported by KDE ) .
To find out more about CMake , your first source of information is http://www.cmake.org/.
Go through the introduction , the tutorial , and do n't miss out the CMake wiki ; they all contain a lot of useful information .
There is also a special " entry point " to cmake for KDE developers : KDECMakeIntro .
If there are any other project developers who are interested in switching their build system , they surely will get advice , help and support from us , as well as from the CMake developers .
Just ask .
P.S. : Let me say one last word about the current state of KDE4 : it compiles , and it runs -- but it crashes very often right now .
It does not yet show off many features beyond what KDE3 offers .
The compiled kdelibs4 and kdebase4 at this point in time look very much like KDE 3.5 ( but made completely unstable ) .
The main difference is that under its hood now ticks Qt4 instead of Qt3 .
This is the required foundation that now lets us go forward with the " real " development .
Right now , KDE4's code base gets added in code modifications , code refactorizations and new code .
But none of the cool new core technologies : ( solid , plasma , phonon , oxygen , akonadi , decibel and more ) are in a usable state .
KDE4 at this moment is completely uninteresting to end -users , they should wait at least for the first technology preview tentatively planned for late autumn of this year .
If you are a developer , things are different : come and help us write the code .
The fun starts now ! :-)
I was glad that she went .
When there is a crisis , the best way to help resolve the crisis is to deal with the people who are instrumental in the problem .
Three Republican congressmen who parted with President Bush by meeting with Syrian leaders said Wednesday it is important to maintain a dialogue with a country the White House says sponsors terrorism .
" I do n't care what the administration says on this .
You 've got to do what you think is in the best interest of your country , " said Rep. Frank Wolf , R - Va .
" I want us to be successful in Iraq .
I want us to clamp down on
Hezbollah . "
... " This is an area where we would disagree with the administration , " ( Rep. Robert ) Aderholt ( of Alabama ) said .
" None of us in the Congress work for the president .
We have to cast our own votes and ultimately answer to our own constituents .
... I think there 's room that we can try to work with them as long as they know where we draw the line .
" I think we played a useful role , " Hobson said in a phone call from Saudi Arabia .
" We reinforced the administration 's positions and at the same time we were trying to understand and maybe getting some voice to some things people wanted to say that maybe they were not comfortable saying to the administration .
The jury 's out ... but this was not an anti-administration trip at all . "
Hobson , who has been generally supportive of the war in Iraq , said the war was not the subject of discussions in countries that also included Lebanon , Saudi Arabia and Israel .
Instead , he said , Middle East leaders who have watched Pelosi criticize the war may have been surprised by her support of other Bush policies in the Middle East .
He said , however , that Assad urged the United States to find a diplomatic way to get out of the war .
" I think they might 've thought there was some wedge between the president 's policies and the House Republican policies , " he said .
" But ( Pelosi ) enunciated and we all enunciated that we wanted them to do more . "
Yesterday I had lunch with Senator Frank Lautenberg ( D - NJ ) , a progressive stalwart .
He told me a story about how Bush 's clueless Homeland Security Department tried to force New Jersey tothe state 's strict anti-terrorism standards that protect the sprawling chemical industry .
It was n't that the Bush Regime was necessarily looking for a way to endanger the 12 millions people who could be effected by an incident ; it was just the regular garden variety incompetence we have come to expect from a Regime that revels at decimating functioning government service providers like FEMA ( bye - bye , New Orleans ) , the Food and Drug Administration ( bye - bye , Fido ) , the IRS ( bye - byeof dollars in lost revenues ; of course , that one had less to do with incompetence than with careful planning and execution ) , even to the U.S. military , which has been decimated under the Bush Regime 's cavalier stewardship .
No , Senator Lautenberg seemed to suggest that they were just trying to enforce the same set of standards for everyone so that those states , like New Jersey , that have been most vigilant , would be forced to adhere to new standards which may bring up vigilance in Utah and Nebraska but are definitely not nearly strong enough for what is needed in high risk areas .
It 's a battle Senator Lautenberg wound up winning .
I asked him if , in that case and others like it , Republican congressmembers in the House , who after all , represent the same residents of New Jersey eager to not be consumed by a catastrophe caused by more National Security laxness on the part of the Bush Regime , are willing to work across the aisle for the good of the state .
He told me , basically , that thereRepublican congressmen who , in a case like this , do not hesitate to work with him in a bipartisan fashion for the obvious good of New Jersey .
He used Rodney Frelinghuysen as an example of a New Jersey congressman who will put the welfare of the state 's residents above narrow partisanship -- the opposite of a doctrinaire and extremist wingnut like Christopher Smith , one of the more virulently partisan of the New Jersey congressional caucus .
The Bush Regime , on the other hand , makes Christopher Smith come off almost like a model of bipartisanship .
They only know one thing : attack , attack , attack .
The Bush Regime was just engaging in more of their political gamesmanship .
Even a notorious Bush apologist like Joe Klein ( NO relation ) has now reassessed his own ignorant and dishonest posture enough to admit , in tomorrow's , that Bush is " clearly unfit to lead . "
The Regime 's disingenuous response to Speaker Pelosi 's trip to Syria -- not to mention the reaction of their supporters in the media -- was nothing short of contemptible .
Thewas simply uninformed and bending over backwards to kiss ass .
President Carter has a very different perspective than the Bush Regime -- one shared by most Americans : " Carter said he recently wanted to visit Syria , in connection with a Palestinian election , but ' for the only time in my life , as a former president , I was ordered by the White House not to go .
'" Jim Walsh teaches at MIT , at the Security Studies Program , and he thinks that Pelosi 's visit could actually be beneficial , not just to America but to the Bush Regime as well .
" Every president wants to have complete control over their foreign policy , " he said , " but I think in the long run it 's helpful .
The more information flow you have back and forth , the more contact you have back and forth , the greater the chance that you 're going to be able to resolve some of these issues .
" Thetakes themoronic editorial apart and , although , they do n't speculate on themotives for lying about Pelosi 's trip , they leave no doubt that that is exactly what they did .
Now what about Republicans in Congress ?
Another Republican congressman , David Hobson ( R - OH ) , who traveled with Speaker Pelosi to Syria also differed with the Bush Regime partisan game players .
Darrell Issa ( R - CA ) is generally even further to the right and at least as much of a rubber stamp as New Jersey 's Christopher Smith .
But he just drew a line .
He 's in Damascus today , meeting with Assad and also with Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al - Moallem .
He said " Bush had failed to promote the dialogue that is necessary to resolve disagreements between the United States and Syria .
" With House Minority Leader Boehner echoing Rove 's anti-Pelosi talking points , Hobson has taken issue with his old friend and colleague .
He pointed out the groundless and partisan nature of the Bush Regime 's baseless attack on the Speaker and " along with rebutting those comments , Hobson , the only Republican on the trip , also dismissed complaints about the trip from Bush , Vice President Dick Cheney and Republican presidential contender Mitt Romney , a former Massachusetts governor .
Hobson said the administration knew about the trip in advance and provided the delegation with a jet .
' As far as I know , they never said a word to anybody until we were in the air , ' Hobson said .
" Although Cheney , Bush , Boehner and other Regime mouthpieces -- including and even especially mass media mouthpieces -- have tried to portray the Bush Regime 's argument with Speaker Pelosi in a narrow partisan frame , it is , as some honest Republican congressmen also recognize , not so much partisan as it is a very important battle between an authoritarian and secretive Executive Branch and a Legislative Branch determined to provide the checks and balances that the American public now demands .
Scott Lilly did a brilliant piece on just this aspect for the Center For American Progress .
I recommend it highly .
Labels : Frank Lautenberg , Nancy Pelosi , Syria , venality of Bush
Spreadsheet Functional Programming
HsExcel
Writing code in comments looks highly unpleasant
Haskell is in strings , which enforces separation between Haskell and Excel
Not fast enough
Conclusion
I was reading JFP this weekend , and read the paper " Spreadsheet functional programming " by David Wakeling .
As a Windows user who has done a lot of work with Excel , I thought it was great .
People before have either tried to pervert Excel into a functional language , or write a new spreadsheet - and given that Open Office spreadsheet sucks totally - this seems to be a hard challenge .
Despite being a lovely concept , I thought the implementation described missed the mark in a few places .
These are not academic reasons , but reasons of practicality for a production system and integration with the underlying Excel .
I fully expect that the reasons stem from missing a deep understanding of Excel - something few academics would be likely to master .
However , my Dad is a Chartered Accountant , and I 've been developing systems based around Excel for over 10 years , so can fill in the Excel half .
Before describing how I would implement the ideas in the above paper , its best to recap the paper a bit , for those people who can't be bothered to read it .
( Note : the above paper is very accessible , even a novice programmer should be able to get something from it - so skip this summary and read the paper ! )
The basic idea is that Excel should be able to call Haskell , so : =Haskell ( " 1+2 " ) should call off to Haskell and evaluate 1+2 , hopefully returning 3 .
Naturally that sort of thing could be done in Excel much more conveniently , so the strength should be in definition of proper Haskell functions within Excel : f :: Int ->
Int ->
Intf a b = ( a + b ) / 2 =Haskell ( "f 1 2 " ) ( imagine a more complex example for f , I 'm too lazy to think of one , but the paper has one ) Obviously , = Haskell should go in the Cell you want the result to appear in , but what about the definition of f ?
This paper chooses to place definitions of f in comments , a neat solution that keeps them in the document , but out of the small cells , which would be inappropriate .
This is extended by allowing users to write references such as A1 in their Haskell strings .
Unfortunately this shows up a weakness - now dragging formula around does not automatically update their references as it normally does in Excel , since the reference is hidden from Excel inside a string .
The final point to mention is that the evaluation is done with Hugs , by writing out a static file and running it - something I believe could end up being too slow for practical use .
Whether it is or not is n't something I can comment on , having not tried it in real life .
Reading the paper , there are lots of things which are done spot on , and seem obvious in retrospect .
The best ideas always seem good in retrospect , so I consider this a very good thing .
Unfortunately I see 3 issues : I have come up with a design which I believe addresses all of these issues , which I have named HsExcel .
I have not implemented it , so cannot guarantee it would really work , but I suspect it would not be that much of a challenge .
I have no free time currently , but it is on my todo list ( somewhere ) .
The first issue I shall tackle is writing code in comments .
A much nicer solution would be to add a tab to Excel which contained Haskell code in a nice big box , perhaps also allowing Haskell code in comments if people found it preferable for small snippets .
This can be done using Excel dialog panes with a bit of VB magic .
Next is the issue of Haskell in strings , instead of = Haskell ( " f 1 2 " ) I would write : =hs ( " f " , 1,2 ) Here the Excel will evaluate 1 and 2 , and pass them to the Haskell function f .
If 1 was A1 , then it would behave like a normal A1 in Excel .
Perhaps allowing = Haskell as well would be nice , but I think the common case would be =hs .
This also allows better flexibility , nested Excel and Haskell functions together , intermingled .
I also think this will make cell dependency updating work ( an issue not covered in the paper ) .
Once this has been done , Haskell could operate on any Excel values , including Cell Ranges etc .
Unfortunately the paper is silent on the issue of marshaling Excel data to Haskell , but I suspect it could be done relatively easily .
One nice feature to add would be that =hs _f( 1,2 ) works , just like an Excel function .
I 'm not sure if VBA is permitted to add primitive functions to Excel , or just addons .
I 'm also not sure if addons can dynamically change the available functions .
If this was the case , then all entires in the Haskell source could become first class Excel functions .
The final question is the issue of speed .
Currently the implementation runs the string from the beginning each time , writing out fresh values for the changed cells .
I think spawning a shell and talking to an interpreter with each request would be higher performance .
Once this solution was adopted , either GHCi or Hugs could be used , potentially allowing for a further speed up .
The author comments that this is hard to do using VB 's Shell command , and indeed it is .
However , it is possible to prod standard Win32 system calls from VB , albeit with a great deal of work , which could get this working properly .
The paper presented a lot of good idea , I think a bit of user interface polish could bring them to the fore .
Hs Excel could be a useful tool - I certainly have projects I could use it for .
I suspect that it would be under a weeks work for anyone already fluent in Haskell and ( more importantly ) Excel / VBA .
Any volunteers ?
" But it ai n't soup yet , " responded one skeptic in the crowded room .
Many of the technologies needed to create these personal communicators already exist .
Participants at the conference bristled with tiny cellular phones , digital beepers , notebook computers , Sharp Wizards or other simple electronic data books , and the occasional old - fashioned paper pad .
William J. Warwick , president of A.T.& T. Microelectronics , showed how he currently uses some of the technology that will be incorporated in tomorrow 's personal digital assistants , and it was not a pretty sight .
He started by emptying his overstuffed briefcase : a portable computer ( with a fax modem ) , a backup battery , a battery charger , cellular telephone , a backup battery for the phone , another battery charger , some wires for connecting the modem to a telephone outlet , an external floppy disk drive , a digital pager , an AC power adapter , some power cords and the usual paper notebooks .
" What we have today in order to stay connected does n't solve the problem and does n't meet the needs , " Mr. Warwick said , describing how he has had to crawl around on the floor of a hotel room , moving furniture to get access to power and phone outlets .
The answer floated at the conference is a small , personal , wireless communication device that will be the offspring of three major industries : personal computing , communications and consumer electronics .
With so many parents , naturally there is confusion about what to call the baby .
Various speakers talked about personal digital assistants ( PDA's ) , picocomputers , personal information devices , mobile digital communicators , digital information appliances , personal communicators , and even wallet computers and wireless widgets .
" Sure , there 's confusion , " said Richard A. Shaffer of Technologic Partners , a New York - based company that sponsored the Mobile ' 92 conference .
" People know there 's something here , but they do n't know quite what it is .
They 're here because there 's the smell of money . "
The International Data Corporation , a consulting and research company in Framington , Mass. , said the worldwide installed base of desktop computers is about 115 million machines , or slightly more than 2 percent of the world population -- not bad for an industry that is a decade old .
Yet that pales beside the consumer electronics and telephone markets .
A device that crosses the boundaries of all three markets , the reasoning goes , will be embraced by hundreds of millions of people .
New markets are critical if today 's computer companies are to continue their heady growth of the last few years .
There is some evidence that desktop computer penetration in businesses has been slowing , with much of the sales coming as replacement machines rather than from new customers .
Have 45 - minutes to spare ?
This incredible video will take you from the surface of the sun to Jupiter in real - time , at the speed of light .
Animator Alphonse Swinehart says : “ In our terrestrial view of things , the speed of light seems incredibly fast .
But as soon as you view it against the vast distances of the universe , it ’s unfortunately very slow .
This animation illustrates , in real - time , the journey of a photon of light emitted from the sun and traveling across a portion of the solar system . ”
Continue reading to watch .
Swinehart also adds : “ I ’ve taken liberties with certain things like the alignment of planets and asteroids , but overall I ’ve kept the size and distances of all the objects as accurate as possible .
I also decided to end the animation just past Jupiter as I wanted to keep the running length below an hour . ”
Last updated at 12:11 21 June 2007
A professional puzzle inventor has solved what he considers the oldest riddle of them all - Stonehenge .
Bruce Bedlam , 56 , has built a scale model of the ancient stone circle as he believes it was originally constructed - as a round building .
The inventor , whose Bedlam Cube was featured on TV's Dragon 's Den , came up with his theory some years ago but has now built a replica .
He believes that the Wiltshire monument was created with a large , domed roof made from wood and covered in wooden tiles .
Bruce believes the siting was significant and the sun would enter the interior at every solstace through one of the ten doors .
The enormous interior would have been illuminated at various times of the day and every part of the building was correlated around the number three .
The theory suggests that beams were used to create a roof that came to a point above the monument .
They were held together in place by gravity and the shape would have been accousticaly perfect , according to Bruce .
Scroll down for more ...
He believes it was more of a government building than a religious one and would have been where important decisions were made .
Bruce , from Bournemouth , Dorset , said : " I first saw Stonehenge in 1972 when I was in the army and later I decided to solve the puzzle .
" I knew it would take me a long time and a I drew up a list of questions and tried to find a common dnominator .
" I treated it like a large jigsaw puzzle in which many of the pieces were missing and came to the conclusion that Stonehenge must have been a building - and why not ? "
Scroll down for more ...
" The blue stones were transported there because the people wanted to retain the power , and the roof was made from beams of wood .
It all revolves around the number three .
" Connecting the beams would have been three rings of cross members .
" The first ring and largest was half the height of the building .
" The second ring of cross members was two thirds the height of the building and the third was where the roof covering would end .
" The height of the Sarsen Circle is exactly a third of the height of the building and the outside diameter is a third of the internal circumference .
" The angle of the roof is an isosceles triangle with the height of one and a base of three " If you stand in the centre of Stonehenge , the distance to the Sarsen Circle is exactly the height of the building .
" I have created 3D drawings on a computer but now I have actually built a model in a 1:50 scale .
" While building it I got some idea of how the whole thing would have been put together all those years ago .
" My theory was laughed at when I first proposed it , but over the years more people have become intrigued .
" I think the building was more for government use than religious use , but there still would have been high priests .
" I think nearby woodhenge was used as a debating chamber and people would travel to stonehenge to make the decisions . "
3D models of the theory designed by Geoff Coope , 36 , a student and Bournemouth and Poole college will , go on show tomorrow at the college 's campus .
Thousands of hippies and druids will congragate at Stonehenge tomorrow morning for the summer solstace .
Tomatoes contain compounds which are good for the heart
A ten - year study comparing organic tomatoes with standard produce found almost double the level of flavonoids - a type of antioxidant .
Flavonoids have been shown to reduce high blood pressure , lowering the risk of heart disease and stroke .
Writing in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry , the team said nitrogen in the soil may be the key .
Dr Alyson Mitchell , a food chemist at the University of California , and colleagues measured the amount of two flavonoids - quercetin and kaempferol - in dried tomato samples that had been collected as part of a long - term study on agricultural methods .
These findings also confirm recent European research , which showed that organic tomatoes , peaches and processed apples all have higher nutritional quality than non-organic
Peter Melchett , Soil Association
They found that on average they were 79 % and 97 % higher respectively in the organic tomatoes than in the conventionally grown fruit .
New Scientist magazine reported that the different levels of flavonoids in tomatoes are probably due to the absence of fertilisers in organic farming .
Flavonoids are produced as a defence mechanism that can be triggered by nutrient deficiency , such as a lack of nitrogen in the soil .
The inorganic nitrogen in conventional fertiliser is easily available to plants and so , the researchers suggests , the lower levels of flavonoids are probably caused by over - fertilisation .
Conflicting evidence
Flavonoids have also been linked with reduced rates of some types of cancer and dementia .
The Food Standards Agency says there is some evidence that flavonoids can help to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and they are currently carrying out a study to look at the health benefits in more detail .
However , a spokesperson said there was no evidence that organic food was healthier .
" Our long - standing advice on organic food is there can be some nutrient differences but it does n't mean it 's necessarily better for you . "
For example , a recent study found that organic milk had higher levels of omega - 3 fatty acids , but the FSA points out that these short - chain fatty acids do not seem to have the health promoting benefits offered by long - chain omega - 3 oils found in oily fish .
Peter Melchett , Soil Association policy director said : " We welcome the now rapidly growing body of evidence which shows significant differences between the nutritional composition of organic and non-organic food .
" This is the second recent American study to find significant differences between organic and non-organic fruit .
" These findings also confirm recent European research , which showed that organic tomatoes , peaches and processed apples all have higher nutritional quality than non-organic . "
" As further scientific evidence emerges from new research looking at differences between organic and non-organic food , the Soil Association will be asking the FSA to keep their nutritional advice to consumers under review . "
Would You Visit a “ Nap Cafe ? ”
When I was working in the city for a big corporation , there were many days when I was wishing there was a “ Nap Cafe ” I could go to instead of having lunch .
I was working A LOT and never getting enough rest so I was always tired …. just like everybody else !
So this idea sprung in my head , a “ Nap Cafe , ” where you could go to take a nap , in a small quiet room .
All my friends laughed at the idea saying it would be too difficult to keep people from doubling up in those small quiet rooms , wink , wink .
I do n’t think so .
But my idea never got implemented .
I was busy with other projects .
The Next Best Thing - Meditation Naps
Fast forward a few years later , rocking my baby to sleep .
Still tired , maybe more so , from all the night - time feedings .
That ’s when I “ accidentally ” discovered an amazing thing : Meditation Naps .
Every time I would either be rocking or feeding my new born baby , I would close my eyes for the 10 - 20 minutes that it would take to feed or get the baby to sleep .
I started to notice something very powerful .
Simply by closing my eyes , I instantly felt better .
OK , so maybe you say “ no kidding Sully , of course you feel better when you close your eyes when you ’re tired . ”
Well , I ’m with you , but read on , because there ’s more .
Do You Ever Rest Your Eyes At Work ?
Try this for one minute .
Sit back in your chair , relax your arms away from your desk , and close your eyes , taking a few nice slow deep breathes .
After a minute , open your eyes .
How do you feel ?
Better , right ?
You probably want a little more of that .
And you should get more of that !
See , when most people when they are tired at work , what do they do ?
They Power Through .
And , of course , this works to a certain extent , but not as good as if you take a “ Meditation Nap . ”
So what is this Meditation Nap ?
How to Take a “ Meditation Nap ”
You can benefit from this in as little as 5 minutes , but optimal time would be 10 - 20 minutes .
STRETCH your legs for 30 seconds .
SIT on a chair or couch .
If you ’re at work back away from your desk a bit .
CLOSE YOUR EYES .
STRETCH your arms above your head , slowly roll your head to stretch your neck .
DEEP BREATHING – take at least 3 deep breaths in and out .
Do this slowly and hold in between the in and out breath .
REST and RELAX your face , jaw , eyes and whole body .
BE AWARE HOW YOU FEEL as you relax .
CALM THE MIND .
Let go of all thoughts .
As thoughts come into your mind , just repeat this gentle reminder to yourself “ Empty The Mind . ”
You may want to switch over to a word of your choosing to focus on ( mantra ) that will help push out other thoughts .
Examples of words are Peace , Calm , Rest , Empty , Power , Strength , Love .
Any word is fine .
In fact the word “ OM ” can be helpful because it is not attached to other meanings .
Whatever works for you is what is best at that moment !
IGNORE NOISES in the same way that you ignore thoughts .
Repeat your mantra or “ Empty the Mind . ”
Do n’t get mad at noises , just flow with them as if they are waves under your boat of meditation .
OPEN YOUR EYES slowly after about 10 - 20 minutes .
Take a few more deep breaths and stretch again : arms , neck , legs .
AHHHH .
Feel the rejuvenation !
Benefits of a “ Meditation Nap ”
You will feel amazingly refreshed from this exercise .
It will give you an increased ability to handle the rest of your day .
And you can do this right at your desk , on a park bench , in your car , or anywhere you can find a small bit of peace .
I recommend doing this mid afternoon as a “ pick - me - up . ”
It ’s a great coffee alternative .
It ’s also helpful if you are trying to quit smoking .
The other time this is especially helpful is the transition time between work and evening when you may be going home to your “ second job ” of family , fixing dinner , housework , and helping kids with homework .
Please try it if you regularly struggle with stressful dinner time .
This will CURE that problem .
I promise !
Please Share
If you found this beneficial , please SHARE THIS below via Email , Digg , Delicious , or StumbleUpon .
All sharing is recognized and appreciated !
And Please Share your comments below !
All comments big and small are very welcomed !
If you want to Support Life Learning Today , you can visit one of my sponsors , make a donation , or visit Amazon through my â€ œBooksâ€ ?
page at the top of this page .
Thank you !
Technorati Tags : Energy , Health , How To , Meditation , Peace , rejuvenate , Rest , Work
It takes six months for the results to appear , scientists say
Scientists say they can create a fat mixture with concentrated stem cells , which , when injected into the breast , apparently encourages tissue to grow .
The therapy , detailed in Chemistry and Industry Magazine , could help cancer patients who have had mastectomies .
And if licensed , it may rival silicone for those seeking bigger breasts .
Using fat from the patient 's own body to rebuild other areas is not a novel idea , but such reconstructions often fail as the fat is simply reabsorbed .
However using fat - derived stem cells appears to overcome this problem , according to the company behind the procedure , Cytori Therapeutics .
Scientists say they are not sure quite how it works , but suspect that the stem cells emit signals that encourage blood vessels to grow and nurture new tissue .
Rajiv Grover of the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons ( Baaps ) said he saw the research as a " positive development for medical science " , but doubted whether it would provide any immediate results in cosmetic surgery .
" We need to find out how these cells work once they are in the breast before any great claims can be made . "
Antonia Dean , a clinical nurse specialist at Breast Cancer Care also said more work needed to be done - " both in terms of how long the new breast really lasts for , but most importantly the safety implications for women who have had tumours . "
Filling out
The procedure - dubbed Celution - could be carried out in an hour .
Fat from the either the stomach , bottom or thigh can be taken out with a standard liposuction procedure , and the stem cells then extracted .
These cells are placed into a cartridge ready for injection one hour later .
The company says the breasts will then fill out over the course of six months .
The largest trial so far has involved 19 women in Japan .
All of them had had at least partial mastectomies and all responded well to the treatment , with no major side - effects .
Clinical trials are continuing , and the company hopes to introduce the therapy to Europe in early 2008 .
It is expensive - costing a few thousand pounds per cartridge , but this is not dissimilar to the price of conventional surgery .
In the UK , about 45,000 people are diagnosed with breast cancer each year .
Of these about 30 % will have mastectomies .
Everyday Perl 6
Perl 6 will soon be here .
How will programming in Perl 6 be different from programming in Perl 5 for your average Perl programmer ?
The answer is : very different yet very much the same .
A Perl 6 program viewed at arm ’s length will look much like a Perl 5 program viewed at arm ’s length .
Programming in Perl 6 will still feel like programming in Perl .
What will change however , is that Perl 6 will enable programmers to be more expressive by giving them more tools to work with ( making easy things easy ) and allowing them to be more precise in their expressions .
While many of the changes in Perl 6 make it easier for people new to programming or coming from other programming languages to understand the language , none of the changes were made solely on those grounds .
If your favorite part of Perl 5 syntax is that it uses an arrow for method dispatch on objects , do n’t be dismayed that Perl 6 uses a dot instead .
The designers carefully considered each syntactic change to ensure that Perl 6 still has the Perlish nature and that the change was an overall improvement .
Some Perl programmers delight in the syntactic differences of the language , but some of those differences are n’t that important when compared to the big picture of Perl ’s culture ( which includes the language , CPAN , and the community of programmers ) .
Sigil Invariance
One of the fundamental changes is that whenever you refer to individual elements of an aggregate ( an array or hash ) , rather than changing the sigil to denote the type of thing you get back , the sigil remains the same .
For example , in both Perl 5 and Perl 6 you can create and initialize aggregates :
my @array = ( 1,3,5,12,37,42 ) ; my %hash = ( alpha => 4 , beta => 6 ) ;
How you access the individual elements of those aggregates looks just a little different :
# Perl 6 # Perl 5 my $ third = @array [ 2 ] ; my $ third = $ array [ 2 ] ; my $ beta = % hash { ' beta'} ; my $ beta = $ hash { ' beta'} ;
Long - time Perl 5 programmers might wonder how slices work in Perl 6 .
The answer is : the same way as in Perl 5 .
my @odds = @array [ 1,3,5 ] ; # array slice my @bets = % hash {' alpha ' , ' beta'} ; # hash slice
The only difference is that in Perl 5 the hash slice would have started with a @ sigil .
New Brackets
In these hash examples , it ’s awkward quoting the indexes into the hash .
Perl 5 allows a syntactic shortcut where $ hash {word} works as if you had written $ hash { ' word '} .
A problem with that is that it can cause confusion when your word happens to be the name of a subroutine and you really want Perl to execute that subroutine .
In Perl 6 , a syntactic shortcut for accessing hash elements takes advantage of a name change of the “ quote word ” operator :
# Perl 6 # Perl 5 my @array = < foo bar baz > ; my @array = qw( foo bar baz ) ; my % hash = < a b c d e f g h > ; my % hash = qw( a b c d e f g h ) ; my $ queue = % hash < q > ; my $ queue = $ hash { 'q '} ; my @vows = % hash<c a g e > ; my @vows = @hash{qw (c a g e ) } ;
Also , just as double - quoted strings interpolate while single - quoted strings do not , double - bracketed “ quote word ” constructs also interpolate :
my $ foo = " This is " ; my $ bar = " the end " ; my @blah = << $ foo $ bar >> ; # ( ' This ' , 'is ' , ' the ' , 'end ' ) ;
Note that the interpolation happens before the “ quote word ” aspect of this operator .
Speaking of interpolation , interpolating into double - quoted strings has changed slightly .
Now to interpolate an array into a string , you must provide a set of empty brackets at the end of the array name .
This has the side benefit of eliminating the ambiguity of whether you meant interpolation if you happen to include ( for instance ) an email address in your double - quoted string .
my @items = < names addresses email > ; say " Send @items [ ] to test@foo.com " ; # Send names addresses email to test@foo.com
You can also interpolate more things into your double - quoted strings :
say " Send me $ person.name ( ) " ; # results of a method call say " 2 + 2 = { 2+2 } " ; # any bit of perl code
That second one means that you ’ll have to be careful about inserting curly braces in your double - quoted strings , but that ’s a small price to pay for the ability to interpolate the results of arbitrary Perl code .
By the way , get used to the say subroutine .
It ’s the same as print , but it appends a newline to the end .
Quite useful , that .
Fewer Parentheses
The usual places in Perl 5 that require parentheses no longer do in Perl 6 :
# Perl 6 # Perl 5 if $ cond { ... } if ( $ cond ) { ... } unless $ cond { ... } unless ( $ cond ) { ... } while $ cond { ... } while ( $ cond ) { ... } for @array { ... } for ( @array ) { ... }
In Perl 6 , parentheses are now only necessary for grouping .
Idioms
Another big change is that some of the standard Perl 5 idioms look different in Perl 6 .
In particular , the standard idiom for reading lines from a file involves a for loop rather than a while loop :
# Perl 6 # Perl 5 for =$fh { ... } while ( < $ fh > ) { ... } for =<> { ... } while ( <> ) { ... }
The Perl 5 programmers are probably thinking , “ but does n’t that put the part that reads the filehandle in list context , causing the entire file to be slurped into memory ? ”
The answer is both yes and no .
Yes , it ’s in list context , but in Perl 6 , by default all lists are lazy so they are n’t read until necessary .
In this example , unary = is the operator that causes an iterator to , well …iterate .
If $fh is a filehandle , =$fh iterates over that file by reading one line at a time .
In scalar context =$fh will read one line , and in list context it will read one line at a time as many times as necessary to get to the end of the file .
Iterating over the empty string ( remember the new role of the angle brackets ) is equivalent to Perl 5 ’s reading files from the command line .
Operator Rename
Several common operators have new symbols in Perl 6 .
These symbol changes make the overall language more regular so that it ’s easier to parse , but most importantly so that it ’s easier for humans to remember :
# Perl 6 # Perl 5 $ object.method( @args ) ; $ obj ->method( @args ) ; $ x = $ cond ??
$ true !!
$ false ; $x = $ cond ?
$ true : $ false ; $s = " con " ~ " cat " ~ " enate " ; $s = " con " . " cat " . " enate " ; $ str ~~ /$ pattern / ; $ str =~ /$ pattern / ;
Any time you see a ~ in Perl 6 , it has something to do with strings .
A unary ~ puts its rvalue in a string context , binary ~ is string concatenation , and a doubled ~ lets you match a regular expression against a string ( actually , it does more than that , but from a perspective of not knowing the language at all or from knowing Perl 5 , it ’s enough to know initially that ~~ will pattern match on strings ) .
New Perl 6 Syntax
Perl 6 also has some brand - new syntax .
Many people always gripe about the fact that Perl 5 lacks a lightweight multi-line comment mechanism ( POD is apparently too verbose ) .
Perl 6 solves this one quite nicely .
If a bracketing character immediately follows the comment character ( # ) , the comment extends to the corresponding closing bracket .
#[ This is a multi-line comment that ends here ----> ]
See Whitespace and Comments in Synopsis 02 for more information .
switch Statement
For those of you who have forever wished for a switch statement in Perl , Perl 6 will have it ( only by another name ) :
given $ thing { when 3 { say " three " ; } when 5 { say " five " ; } when 9 { say " nine " ; } when " a " { say " what ? " ; } default { say " none " ; } }
This construct is much more powerful than I ’ve outlined here , however , as it takes advantage of the smart match operator to do the right thing when the given $ thing ( or the thing it ’s being “ compared ” against in the when clause ) is an object or an array or hash , or code , etc .
New Loops
The C - style for loop operator has become loop .
But you can omit the parenthetical portion to write an infinite loop :
loop { ... }
Another new looping construct is the repeat loop , which occupies the same niche as Perl 5 ’s do - while pseudoloop .
The big difference is that unlike do - while , repeat is a real loop and as such , you are free to use next , last , redo and it does the right thing .
For more information see Synopsis 04 .
Parameterized Blocks
Essentially , every block in a Perl 6 program is a subroutine .
Some blocks , like those used in an if statement , have no parameters ; but others do , such as the body of a for loop .
But any block may be parameterized .
This is especially useful for doing things that are n’t easy in Perl 5 but should be – like examining values three at a time with map :
my @trimults = map -> $ a , $b , $c { $ a * $ b * $c } , @numbers ;
Here is an example where Perl 6 co-opts the arrow notation for a higher purpose .
The arrow now introduces parameters to a block .
You are most likely to see this in for loops :
# Perl 6 # Perl 5 for @array -> $ a { ... } for my $ a ( @array ) { ... } for @array -> $ a , $b { ... } # too complex :)
The second for loop will take items from @array two at a time and lexically assign them to $ a and $b for the duration of the block .
The same behavior is not so easy to accomplish in Perl 5 .
Another way to write the @trimults example , but slightly less verbose , is :
my @trimults = map { $ ^a * $ ^b * $ ^c } , @numbers ;
Variables with a caret ( ^ ) immediately after the sigil are implicit parameters to the block , and Perl 6 assigns them in Unicode - order .
That is , $ ^a is the first parameter , $ ^b the second , and $ ^c the third .
There is yet a third way to write a parameterized block that ’s more verbose but more also powerful .
It allows the programmer to take full advantage of subroutine signatures .
Yes , TMTOWTDI , is still alive and well :-)
Subroutine Signatures
You can still write subroutines the way you always have in Perl 5 , but Perl 6 allows you to specify a “ signature ” that describes how many parameters to pass to the subroutine , which parameters are optional , which parameters are positional , which are named , what the default values are for unpassed parameters , which parameters copy the value that is passed , which parameters alias the variable , etc .
For more information on subroutines in Perl 6 , see Synopsis 06 and Phil Crow ’s recent article The Beauty of Perl 6 Parameter Passing .
Variable Typing
In the interest of allowing programmers to be precise in their expressions , Perl 6 allows for optional variable typing .
That is , the programmer can not only say , “ this variable is a scalar ” but can also say “ this scalar conforms to the expectation of items in this particular class . ”
In other words , you can say things such as :
my Dog $ spot ; my Fish $ wanda ;
… and it means something useful to Perl as well as the programmer .
The variable $ spot is only usable in a place where Perl expects a Dog , and the variable $ wanda only works in places where Perl expects a Fish .
However , the Perl 5 - ish code will work perfectly fine , too :
my Dog $ spot ; my Fish $ wanda ; my $ x ; $x = $ spot ; $x = $ wanda ;
… because $x is sufficiently “ untyped ” that it can accept a Dog or a Fish , or any scalar thing .
Multiple Dispatch
Variable typing coupled with subroutine signatures gives the benefit of multiple dispatch .
What that means is that you can declare two subroutines with the same name but different signatures , and Perl will select which subroutine to invoke at runtime based on the parameters sent to the subroutine .
For example :
multi sub feed ( Dog $ spot ) { say " dog food ! " ; } multi sub feed ( Fish $ wanda ) { say " fish food ! " ; } my Fish $ nemo ; my Dog $ rover ; feed ( $ nemo ) ; # fish food ! feed ( $ rover ) ; # dog food !
The multi keyword tells
Perl that you intend to declare multiple subroutines with the same name , and it should use the name and the parameters and whatever other distinguishing characteristics it can to decide which one to actually invoke .
The End
I hope this introduction gives you a feel for some of the changes in Perl 6 and shows how these changes are good and useful .
A prototype implementation of Perl 6 called pugs should be able to execute all of the examples I ’ve given in this article .
If not , get on the freenode IRC network , join # perl6 , ask for a commit bit , and submit a test to the Pugs repository , and one of the pugs Developers will probably update Pugs to run it soon enough :-)
Thanks
Special thanks to all of the people on IRC ( # perl and # perl6 ) who looked over this article and gave their input and commentary .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook MIAMI ( AP ) 
Do n't underestimate the grocery store deli worker , the security alarm salesman or the 34 - year - old computer science student who anchor the Miami Dade College chess team .
The community college undergrads have already faced Yale , Harvard , Dartmouth , Northwestern and Virginia at the Pan American Intercollegiate Chess Tournament — and beaten them all .
By finishing fourth in that tournament , Miami Dade qualified for this weekend 's finals of collegiate chess , facing powerhouses University of Texas - Dallas , Duke University and the University of Maryland , Baltimore County .
" They 're formidable players , " said Jim Stallings , University of Texas - Dallas ' director for chess and education .
" You ca n't just take anybody for granted in this tournament , because they are the top four U.S. teams . "
Miami Dade , with 160,000 students , may have few admission requirements , but it has made the Final Four five consecutive years .
It is seeking its first title , after finishing third in each previous try .
Five years ago , no one was watching the Miami Dade team , mainly because it did n't exist .
Professor Rene Garcia says a group of students wandered into his office , said they had formed a team and informed him he was their new adviser .
" Not only was it a surprise to me that apparently we had a team , but their performance in the tournament was remarkable , " said Garcia , who teaches statistics and psychology at the college .
Garcia begged the college for uniforms — first T - shirts , now blazers — so players did n't have to compete in their flip - flops and unmatching shirts .
The team had to tell him to keep his emotions in check during competitions because he was just too excited .
" I think the one advantage that we 've had is that these are players who have a real love for the game and they 've played since they were very little , " Garcia said .
Renier Gonzalez , a former Cuban national player and the current Miami Dade captain , said the four - person team has earned its opponents ' respect with tough play and a fierce competitive spirit .
" We always tried hard .
Even those matches that we lost , we fought hard .
We had a good team , " said Gonzalez , the computer science student .
" Sometimes they respect you because of the attitude you put in the game , not only because of what you are able to do .
And that 's what we did since the beginning . "
Liula Cardona — who also used to play for Cuba 's national team and now works in a grocery deli — said she aggressively approaches each game with a team mentality .
" I always think of the team , first of the team , " Cardona said .
" When I play with the team , I always play first for the team then for me . "
Of course , Miami Dade has had its share of setbacks .
Maryland - Baltimore County lured one of its best players away with the promise of a scholarship .
Several players have to fit in practice between English lessons , family obligations , jobs and classes .
The team can't afford to compete in more than three tournaments a year .
And its recruiting efforts are lackluster , at best .
" We try to answer the phone , in case anybody calls , " Garcia said .
Still , the U.S. Chess Federation dubbed Miami Dade College the Chess College of the Year in 2004 , beating out 120 schools jockeying for the distinction .
This year , in another honor , the college will host the Pan American Intercollegiate Chess Tournament .
Texas - Dallas and Maryland - Baltimore County have dominated the tournament , but Garcia said this year could be different .
Duke looks tougher , he said , and though his team is no longer easily dismissed , its players still feed off their underdog status .
" It 's almost like , ' Yeah , go ahead .
Underestimate me , " he said .
" Maybe I 'll give you a lesson down the line . "
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge By Carlos Llano , AP " Sometimes they respect you because of the attitude you put into the game , " says Miami Dade Community College chess team captain Renier Gonzalez , left .
He and teammates ( from left ) Javier Gonzalez , Liulia Cardona and Charles Galofre have bested the likes of Harvard and Yale .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
We used to think the voting system was something like the traffic laws — a set of rules clear to everyone , enforced everywhere , with penalties for transgressions ; we used to think , in other words , that we had a national election system .
How wrong a notion this was has become painfully apparent since 2000 :
As it turns out , except for a rudimentary federal framework ( which determines the voting age , channels money to states and counties , and enforces protections for minorities and the disabled ) , U.S. elections are shaped by a dizzying mélange of inconsistently enforced laws , conflicting court rulings , local traditions , various technology choices , and partisan trickery .
In some places voters still fill in paper ballots or pull the levers of vintage machines ; elsewhere , they touch screens or tap keys , with or without paper trails .
Some states encourage voter registration ; others go out of their way to limit it .
Some allow prisoners to vote ; others permanently bar ex-felons , no matter how long they ’ve stayed clean .
Who can vote , where people cast ballots , and how and whether their votes are counted all depends , to a large extent , on policies set in place by secretaries of state and county elections supervisors — officials who can be as partisan , as dubiously qualified , and as nakedly ambitious as people anywhere else in politics .
Here is a list — partial , but emblematic — of American democracy ’s more glaring weak spots .
# 1 The New Poll Tax
Atlanta , Georgia
In 2005 , Georgia state legislators passed a bill requiring voters to present either a driver ’s license or a state - issued photo ID that costs between $ 20 and $ 35 and is available only from Department of Motor Vehicles offices .
Supporters claimed this was necessary to keep people from casting votes in someone else ’s name , even though Georgia secretary of state Cathy Cox noted that her office had no evidence of this happening .
Either way , the measure is likely to have a dramatic effect on who can vote .
Two - thirds of the state ’s counties do n’t even have a DMV office ; Atlanta , the state ’s largest city , has just one , where waits at the ID counters often run to several hours .
In late June , the secretary of state issued a report finding that more than half a million active - status , registered voters in Georgia do n’t have valid photo IDs .
Fully 17.3 percent of African American voters , and one - third of black voters over age 65 , would n’t be able to cast a ballot under the law .
When the federal Department of Justice had five experts examine the ID legislation in 2005 , four of them objected to it , as the Washington Post discovered .
But higher - ups at Justice overruled them and the measure ( pushed by conservative think tanks such as the American Center for Voting Rights ) went on the books .
In October of last year a judge blocked its implementation , and the law — along with another version that offers free voter IDs — remains in limbo as appeals continue .
At least two other states , Wisconsin and Missouri , have passed similar ID legislation .
( Wisconsin ’s governor has since vetoed it . )
University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee professor John Pawasarat has found that fewer than a quarter of 18 - to - 24 - year - old black men in that state have valid driver ’s licenses , the most common state - issued ID .
In Indiana , a new law requires valid IDs to bear an expiration date , ruling out Veterans Affairs cards , among others .
“ In my view it ’s an orchestrated vote - suppression strategy by less scrupulous strategists in the Republican Party , ” says Dan Tokaji , associate director of election law at Ohio State University ’s Moritz College of Law .
“ It ’s pretty clear to me that these are disenfranchisement strategies .
I try not to use that word too often , but in this case it fits . ”
Runner - up : Arizona voters in 2004 passed Proposition 200 , which requires “ proof of citizenship ” when a person registers to vote .
There ’s no evidence that noncitizens had been flocking to the polls , but the measure is bad news for Native Americans , the poor , and the elderly , who often do n’t have the requisite documents .
Driver ’s licenses issued prior to 1996 do n’t count — a not - insignificant fact , given that Arizona licenses are valid until a person turns 65 .
Officials say that 14,000 voter registrations in Phoenix and environs have already been rejected because of the law .
# 2 Machine Meltdowns
Beaufort , North Carolina ; Fort Worth , Texas ; Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ( tie )
In 2004 , a touch - screen voting machine in Beaufort , North Carolina , erased 4,439 ballots cast during early voting two weeks before Election Day ; they were never recovered .
A similar problem in Burke County , North Carolina , resulted in several thousand votes for president not being counted .
And , according to the San Francisco - based Electronic Frontier Foundation , a voting machine in Ohio managed to add 4,000 extra votes for Bush .
But those episodes , voting experts say , are just a preview of balloting debacles to come :
The federal Help America Vote
Act requires most counties to replace punch - card or lever machines with newer technology by the end of this year , and election officials are scrambling to meet the deadline .
Already during this spring ’s primaries , reports of trouble multiplied : Initial results in Fort Worth , Texas , showed 150,000 votes being tabulated in a county where only about 50,000 people voted .
In Pottawattamie County , Iowa , machines suddenly began counting some candidates ’ votes backward .
In Philadelphia , more than 5 percent of voting machines broke down on primary day .
The most sensational claims about voting technology have to do with the possibility of actually programming the machines to manipulate elections ; computer scientists have warned that viruses could , for example , be inserted into vote - counting programs to delete a set number of votes and then erase themselves .
So far no smoking guns have been found to prove such vote - fixing .
But there have been myriad well - documented instances of human error and machine failures , and of extreme reluctance on the part of machine manufacturers to make their software accessible to outside experts .
“ Elections in this country are becoming proprietary , ” explains Lillie Coney , coordinator of the D.C. - based National Committee for Voting Integrity .
“ Vendors are saying , ‘ You ca n’t investigate our technology , or our software . ’
They ’ve put the technology in place , but the mechanisms for public officials to manage the technology , they ’re just not there . ”
When Ion Sancho , the elections supervisor in Leon County , Florida , discovered last year that Diebold ’s machines could easily be tinkered with , the company responded by refusing to service or upgrade the county ’s voting equipment so long as Sancho remained in charge .
Since then , researchers in Florida and California have discovered more problems with Diebold technology , finding that the machines could accidentally allow one person to cast multiple votes , could be tricked into terminating an election count before all the votes had been tallied , and could permit changes to election results without detection .
Even some of the “ paper trail ” systems for electronic voting are deeply flawed .
On some machines , logs have been designed so badly that auditors are at risk of counting “ tentative ” votes instead of the voters ’ final choices ; on others , a voter wanting to check whether her choice has registered must lift an inconspicuous door and then peer , through a plastic screen , at a tiny printout , with the actual vote often not even scrolling into view .
# 3 Line Forms Here
Franklin County , Ohio
Like many states ,
Ohio theoretically requires equal treatment of voters in all parts of the state ; in practice , it frequently ignores its own requirements , especially in urban , predominantly Democratic , neighborhoods .
In Franklin County , for example , more than 2,500 voters in the city of Columbus found themselves crammed into a single precinct in 2004 , even though the state ’s guidelines call for no more than 1,400 — apparently because officials assumed that in a poor neighborhood , turnout would be low .
The state only partially reimburses counties for buying electronic voting machines , so Franklin , like many poor counties , did n’t have enough machines on hand to start with .
When record numbers of voters showed up , massive lines snaked toward the handful of machines .
The Lawyers ’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law has sued Ohio ; among the complainants was an elderly woman with arthritis who had to leave because no one could find a place for her to sit .
Runners - up : New Orleans and St. Louis have long been plagued by long lines in poor neighborhoods ; in 2000 , so many polling places failed to open on time in St.
Louis that a judge ordered the polls be kept open late , a ruling that Republicans battled to the last minute .
In Broward County , Florida , waits stretched to four hours even during early voting in 2004 ; on Election Day at least one polling station did n’t open until the early afternoon , and poll workers frantically calling the county elections office got nothing but busy signals .
# 4 Incompetence
Cuyahoga County , Ohio
Dominated by the city of Cleveland and its Democratic machine , Cuyahoga County has a stunning history of poll - worker incompetence and technology failures , resulting in de facto disenfranchisement on a massive scale .
In primary elections this spring , so many poll workers failed to show up for work that numerous polling places opened more than an hour late , some because they did n’t have extension cords or three - prong adapters .
Once voting began , it was promptly undermined by a shortage of voting machines , confusion over precinct voter lists , and paper jams that poll workers did not know how to fix ( some asked random voters to repair the machines ) .
Though only 20 percent of registered voters turned out for the primary , it took more than a week to count their votes .
Around the nation , says Brenda Wright , managing attorney at the Boston - based National Voting Rights Institute , election administration is massively underfunded , with poll workers paid mere pittances , trained only marginally , and overseen bystate officials who do n’t provide “ any meaningful check on recurrent problems at the local level . ”
# 5 Foul Play
New Hampshire
Intimidation , deception , and assorted trickery have long been staples of American elections , practiced with equal aplomb by both parties and by operatives working with ( or without ) a nod and a wink from party leaders .
In Milwaukee , Wisconsin , in 2004 , fliers from the nonexistent Milwaukee Black Voters League were distributed in black neighborhoods , warning residents that “ if anyone in your family has ever been found guilty of anything , even a traffic violation , you ca n’t vote in the presidential election , ” and that “ if you violate any of these laws you can get ten years in prison and your children will get taken away from you . ”
Meanwhile , in ( again ) Franklin County , Ohio , fliers purporting to be from the county Board of Elections announced that because of high voter registration , Republicans would be voting on Election Day , and Democrats would cast their ballots the next day ; they ended with the inspired line , “ Thank you for your cooperation , and remember voting is a privilege . ”
In the same county , a group of out - of - state Republicans known as the Mighty Texas Strike Force made phone calls from a hotel warning ex-prisoners that they could be returned to the slammer if they dared to vote , and reportedly telling other voters that their polling places had changed .
Congressional investigators later discovered that the Ohio Republican Party had paid the Strike Force ’s hotel bills .
The dirtiest - trick award , however , goes to New Hampshire , where the state Republican Party — its executive director , a veteran , working on the military principle of disrupting “ enemy communications ” — hired a Virginia - based company named gop Marketplace to jam the Democrats ’ phone bank system during the 2002 U.S. Senate election .
Republican John Sununu won the close contest ; three men are serving prison terms as a result of the endeavor , and a fourth is under indictment , with evidence still surfacing that the action may have been approved by senior party officials in Washington .
# 6 Gerrymandering
Travis County , Texas
In recent elections , 95 percent of members of the U.S. House of Representatives have been reelected ; the vast majority ran in districts drawn to be entirely noncompetitive in the general election .
In these districts , registered Republicans or Democrats may have a say in the primaries , but everyone else ’s vote is for all intents and purposes meaningless .
Gerrymandering got a major boost with the advent of redistricting software in 1991 .
The new algorithms were first used to boost the chances of black and Latino candidates ; soon , both parties realized that you did n’t need the fig leaf of minority representation , and they began slicing and dicing districts at will .
In Texas , Travis County , which includes Austin , has long dominated a congressional district that reliably sent a Democrat to Washington .
But in 2003 , the Texas Legislature snipped off various chunks of Travis and attached them to a series of jagged - edged districts snaking north - south and east - west through strongly Republican areas outside the county .
This , and a series of other creatively shaped districts in Texas , would be the ultimate legacy of Tom DeLay , who in 2002 launched a push to create a Republican majority in the Statehouse that would redraw the state ’s electoral map and thus cement the GOP ’s hold on Washington .
Last June , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that this was constitutional , even though Travis and other areas were carved up “ with the sole purpose of achieving a Republican congressional majority . ”
At the state level , the redistricting game has also taken the uncertainty out of politics in many places .
The New York Public Interest Research Group estimates that only 11 percent of New York ’s 212 legislative districts are competitive , and that 27 of the state ’s 62 Senate districts have been engineered to create Democratic advantages of at least 40,000 votes per district .
Similarly , researchers at Claremont McKenna College in Pomona , California , have found virtually 100 percent of California legislative districts to be noncompetitive thanks to gerrymandering , and The Economist estimates that November ’s election outcome is uncertain in only one of the state ’s 53 congressional districts .
Redistricting has produced crazy - looking , swirling districts whose shapes make sense only under an increasingly complex political calculus .
In one notorious instance , in 2001 , then - Senate leader John Burton , a Democrat , went out of his way to have a specific dis - trict ’s boundaries redrawn to weaken the election prospects of Fred Keeley , a Democrat from Santa Cruz whom Burton viewed as a troublemaker and who had announced interest in the Senate seat .
The Senate district , which previously included all of Santa Cruz County , migrated north , extending a thin southward finger through the city of Santa Cruz .
So effective was the maneuver , Keeley did n’t even bother to run .
# 7 No Felons Allowed
Mississippi Delta
Since the 2000 election , when the state of Florida disenfranchised thousands of people by falsely tagging them as felons , half a dozen states have gotten rid of laws permanently barring felons from voting , but felon bans still affect more than 5 million Americans .
In Florida , close to 1 million people , or about 9 percent of adult citizens , cannot vote because they have felony records .
In 2000 and 2004 the state went to the trouble of hiring private companies to “ scrub ” the rolls of suspected felons who had registered to vote ; both times , it became apparent that because of shoddy database criteria the companies were flagging many people who either were n’t felons or had had their voting rights restored .
But perhaps the nation ’s most scandalous disenfranchisement law is found in Mississippi , which in the early days of Jim Crow crafted its felon codes with the specific intent of disenfranchising only those convicted of “ black crimes . ”
In the Delta , about a quarter of African American men are for all practical purposes disenfranchised , and even more assume that they are :
Though not everyone convicted of a felony is automatically barred from voting — in fact , people convicted of drug felonies retain their voting rights — corrections and election officials have made no effort to get that information out .
One ex-con in Jackson told me that she knew people who were terrified of voting because they had become convinced that any interaction with authority would put them at risk of losing their welfare payments .
What ’s more , to get re-enfranchised in Mississippi , a felon has to persuade his state senator or representative to author a bill personally re-enfranchising him , has to get the bill approved by both houses , and then has to get the governor to sign it .
In reviewing records from January 2001 to December 2004 , I could identify just 52 people — in a state with more than 25,000 prisoners , 2,100 parolees , and 21,000 men and women on probation — who had managed to get their voting rights restored .
# 8 Voting While Black
Charleston , South Carolina
Though the Voting Rights
Act ended many race - based practices , local politicians continue to come up with creative methods to maximize white clout .
A favorite is at - large voting , which dilutes minority votes .
In Charleston , South Carolina , 38 of the 41 people elected to the county council between 1970 ( when the county switched from district - based voting to at - large ) and 2004 were white .
A lawsuit from the federal government finally ended at - large voting for council seats in 2004 .
But Charleston still has at - large voting for school board members ; in the 1990s , several black candidates nonetheless managed to get elected when the white vote split among a number of candidates .
In response , a conservative state senator named Arthur Ravenel Jr. , who ’d made a name for himself by defending public display of the Confederate flag and mocking his opponents as the “ National Association of Retarded People , ” pushed through legislation that made the school board election partisan , thus introducing a primary process that ensured a one - on - one fight in the final round .
The number of blacks on the nine - member school board went from five in 2000 to one today .
Runner - up : The town of Martin , South Dakota , is sandwiched between two Lakota Sioux reservations ; its City Council district map , which according to an aclu lawsuit was drawn specifically to ensure a white majority , was found unconstitutional earlier this year .
Voting - rights monitors also allege that voter - registration personnel in South Dakota sometimes “ forget ” to give registration cards to Native Americans , and that sheriffs harass reservation residents coming into town ( often across enormous distances ) to vote .
# 9 Suspect Students
Waller County , Texas
Prairie View A&M is a black school in the heart of east Texas , where the local leadership has , over many decades , worked to deny the students ’ claims to being full - time county residents and thus eligible to vote .
In 2003 , Waller County district attorney Oliver Kitzman wrote a letter to the elections administrator and the local newspaper warning that any students who tried to vote could face 10 years in prison and a $ 10,000 fine .
The NAACP filed suit , noting that as far back as 1979 the U.S. Supreme Court , ruling on a lawsuit brought by Prairie View students , held that students could register to vote in the communities in which they attended college .
Students in Arkansas , Florida , Maine , New Hampshire , and Virginia have also been prevented or discouraged from registering ; in Williamsburg , Virginia , William and Mary students were denied permission to register merely for acknowledging that they were going home on vacation .
# 10 Failing to Register
Florida
Voter registration forms are easily lost .
In 2004 , for example , headlines focused on a Republican National Committee contractor named Sproul & Associates , which subcontracted with a company called Voters Outreach of America that , in Las Vegas , was found destroying forms filled out by people trying to register as Democrats .
Incidents like this would seem to justify a new Florida law that imposes fines of $ 250 to $ 500 per form on anyone who registers voters and does n’t immediately deliver the paperwork to election officials , with no exceptions for difficult circumstances or natural disasters .
But since it was already illegal in Florida to deliberately delay handing in voter registration forms , and since the new legislation does not apply to the two main political parties , its only likely effect is to intimidate independent voter - registration organizations ; the largest among them , the League of Women Voters , has stopped doing voter registration in the state altogether .
# 11 Politicos in Charge
Ohio
Election activists do n’t have Florida ’s Katherine Harris to kick around anymore , but in a system where most states ’ top election officials are also politicians , there ’s no shortage of other nominees for worst secretary of state .
The current leading candidate must be Ohio ’s Ken Blackwell , now a Republican candidate for governor , who seems intent on making sure as few Ohioans as possible are registered to vote .
In 2004 Blackwell achieved national notoriety when he announced that his office would accept only voter - registration forms printed on paper of at least 80 - pound weight .
Blackwell had to back off that requirement , but a slew of other restrictions remain , including one under which door - to - door registration workers must sign in with county officials , and another requiring them to personally mail in the registration forms they collect .
“ The constant promulgation of rules and regulations keeps members of the Board of Elections jumping around like cats on a hot tin roof , ” says Chris Link , executive director of the Ohio ACLU .
“ And this essentially hurts Democrats .
Who is newly registering ?
People who ’ve just become citizens , young people who ’ve just gotten the right to vote . ”
Meanwhile , Blackwell ’s office has done nothing to inform voters that come Election Day this year , they will have to bring photo IDs to the polls — guaranteeing that tens of thousands of mostly Democratic voters will be turned away .
