There are political consequences , too .
As doctors move from being employers to employees , their politics often take a leftward turn .
This helps explain why the American Medical Association — long opposed to health care reforms — gave at least a tepid endorsement to Mr. Obama ’s overhaul effort .
Gordon H. Smith , executive vice president of the Maine Medical Association , said that his organization had changed from being like a chamber of commerce to being like a union .
Dr. Michael Mirro of Fort Wayne , Ind. , is among those caught in the tide .
A 61 - year - old cardiologist , he began his career like so many of his peers in a small private practice with two other cardiologists .
They gradually added doctors until , by last year , they had 22 cardiologists , making theirs one of the largest private heart clinics in Indiana .
But in December , Dr. Mirro and his partners sold everything to Parkview Health , a growing health system that owns the hospital across the street from their building .
“ We had to hire more and more people to contact insurers and advocate for people to get the care they needed , ” Dr. Mirro said .
“ That ’s expensive . ”
As insurance rates rose and coverage weakened , patients were forced to pay out of their own pockets an increasing portion of Dr. Mirro ’s bills .
When the economy soured , many stopped trying .
“ In the last year , the share of our patients from whom we could not hope to collect any money rose to about 30 percent , ” Dr. Mirro said .
Dr. Mirro and his partners had been thinking of selling for years .
But they made the decision after the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services decided last year to cut reimbursements to cardiologists by 27 to 40 percent , depending on the type of practice .
The Medicare savings in cardiology are to be used to pay more to primary care doctors , widely seen as under great financial strain .
In the wake of the government decision , cardiology practices across the country began selling out to health systems or hospitals .
Dr. Jack Lewin , chief executive of the American College of Cardiology , estimated that the share of cardiologists working in private practice had dropped by half in the past year .
Image Parkview Hospital in Fort Wayne , Ind. , part of the Parkview Health system .
Such systems have grown rapidly in recent years .
Credit ... Tom Strattman for The New York Times
“ And the remainder of those left are looking to move in that direction , ” Dr. Lewin said .
“ This is all happening with or without reform passing . ”
Clever tea packaging and creative tea bag designs from all over the world .
Cigarette Tea Bags
Cigarettea are creative tea bags that look just like real cigarettes .
[ more ]
Ineeka Tea Bags
Cool tea bags that have paper arms on the sides that fold out in order to make them into a single - use filter .
t Pod Tea Bags
Small paper boats attached to tea bags by Elisabeth Soós .
Tea Forté
Tall polyhedral infuser tea packs by Peter Hewitt , each with a disarmingly natural - looking leaf / sprout tag .
Tea Stick
Cool tea bags designed for people who do not make their tea in a kitchen : gardeners , builders and campers .
T Bag
Example of literal design applied to a tea bag by Felix Reinki .
Tea To Go Sticks
Tea bags are attached inside of the tea stick so there is no need to use the spoon for stirring .
Maum Tea Bags
Cool tea bag designs look like people with different personalities .
[ more ]
Tea Stick Stirrer
Designed by Lee Yun Qin , tea sticks can also act as a stirrer , allowing the user to enjoy the tea through stirring it easily .
Lighting Tea Bag
Cool light concept by Wonsik Chae imitates the form of a tea bag .
[ more ]
Hanger Tea
Creative tea bags by Soon Mo Kang are shaped like T - shirts with a hanger that hangs on the tea cup .
Herbal Tea Bags
Clever tea bags designed to associate tea with a healthy lifestyle .
[ more ]
Origami Tea Bags
Creative tea bags designed by Natalia Ponomareva from Russia . [ more ]
For more inspiration , check out : Cool and Unusual Packaging
Physicist Creates Most Magnetic Material on Earth , Might Overturn Laws of Physics
The new compound is about 18 percent more magnetic than former magnet king iron cobalt
Since we have adopted the term “ factlet ” for our little fact lists , we have produced four lists of fascinating titbits of knowledge .
This list is the fifth and it contains mostly facts but also some myth debunking which is always a bonus .
Enjoy the list and be sure to add your own to the comments .
1 Factlets 1 – 5
1. Karl Marx is the father of communism for which the Soviet Union is most famous – but in fact , he never stepped foot in Russia .
That leads us to another fascinating factlet about communism :
2. Communism is the third step of a three step plan – the first step is revolution ( to remove the monarchy or government ) , the second step is the establishment of a ruling proletariat which is called “ socialism ” ( a government of the people ) .
When the socialist government attains its main goal – removal of all private property ownership , the government is meant to step down and the state becomes headless – this is communism .
Accordingly , there has never been a true communist state as all socialist states end up retaining their government .
3 . The Earl of Sandwich gave his name to the snack , but he did n’t invent it .
The first recorded example of a sandwich comes from the first century BC when Rabbi Hillel put chopped nuts , apples , spices , and wine between two pieces of matzoh – making what is known as “ charoset ” .
4 . The Dead Sea is not the saltiest lake in the world – that honor goes to Lake Asaal in Djibouti ( pictured above ) .
It has 400 grams of salt per liter while the Dead Sea has 340 grams per liter .
But do n’t go rushing to Lake Asaal for a holiday – the lake emits a foul stench and if you wade barefoot , you are likely to have your feet torn to shreds by shards of crystalized salt .
5 . While we often yawn when we are tired , we also yawn for a whole variety of other unrelated reasons – when bored , nervous , and sometimes for no reason at all .
Dogs also yawn when tired , excited , or tense .
2 Factlets 6 – 10
6 . While Shakespeare is attributed as the author to the often wrongly quoted phrase “ all that glisters is not gold ” it was , in fact , first said in the 12th century by philosopher Alain de L’Isle who said : “ Do not hold everything that shines like gold . ”
7 . We know that the sphinx is missing its nose – but it is not because of Napoleon .
The true reason for the loss of its nose is unknown but it is most likely that it was caused by sand erosion over the years .
8 . Most cats are lactose intolerant and should not be given milk beyond the kitten stage .
Instead , give your cat water to drink – he will thank you for it by not leaving loose stools all around the house .
9 . The first olympics were not just sporting events – they also included mental sports .
When the olympics were revived in modern times , these “ brain games ” eventually made it back ( in 1912 ) .
Alongside the sporting events we all know , the 1912 olympics included architecture , painting , sculpture , music , and literature .
They survived until 1948 when they were removed because most entrants were professionals in their field .
Pictured above is “ Rugby ” by Jean Jacoby who won his second of two gold medals in olympic art with this drawing .
10 . Contrary to popular belief , elephants do n’t create graveyards .
While there are cases of large numbers of elephant skeletons found in close proximity to one another , this is mostly due to the fact that the old elephants tend to stay close to a water hole and , consequently , die there .
3 Factlets 11 – 15
11. 35 passengers died in the dreadful Hindenburg disaster ; but did you know that 97 other passengers survived the event ?
There were a total of 36 deaths as one member of the 200 strong ground crew was also killed .
12 . If you are planning to visit Roswell in search of aliens , you will be sorely disappointed .
The famous Roswell alien crash site was not in Roswell at all !
It is just called that because it is the closest large city to the site .
Of the three locations were debris was found , the closest to Roswell is 30 miles north of the down .
13 . Charles Lindbergh was not the first to fly nonstop across the Atlantic .
That honor goes to two British pilots : John Alcock and Arthur Whitten Brown in 1919 ( 8 years before Lindbergh ) .
In fact , when Lindbergh made his historic flight , at least 81 others had already done so .
14 . Marx never said “ Religion is the opiate of the masses ” .
What he did say was : “ Religious suffering is , at one and the same time , the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering .
Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature , the heart of a heartless world , and the soul of the soulless conditions .
It is the opium of the people . ”
15 . Listverse has existed for two and a half years ( three years in July 2010 ) .
In that time we have posted 1,318 articles and have received 240,000 comments .
We have roughly 6 million viewers visiting the site each month and that number continues to grow .
Woohoo !
First , we take it for granted that , with the possible exceptions of Chinatown , Top Hat , and the upcoming A - Team movie ( see David 's preview ) Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus is the greatest movie of all time .
I 've written about it in Brief notes on taste and entertainment : A shark , an octopus , Celine Dion , and Batman .
Second , we consider the greatest scene ever in the greatest movie of all time .
Yes , you 've seen it already and do n't forget that the key line of dialogue is NSFW , but it 's worth another 68 seconds of your time :
Third , we need to be scientists about this .
Could a shark ( a ) grow large enough to destroy a plane , and ( b ) generate enough power to fly in the air and reach that plane ?
Fortunately , the Interweb has someone who can explain all that for us .
The greatest infographic of all time , one that both Edward Tufte and Nancy Duarte would have killed to create , is after the jump .
You 're welcome .
( awesome infographic by Stephen Taubman , who also has answered some important questions regarding Aliens vs. Predator . )
Recently , I told a self - confessed socialist that I opposed ‘ nationalism ’ .
Her jaw dropped .
The same day I somehow found myself in an argument with a person who can only be described as ultra-nationalist over the topic of refugees and asylum seekers .
I told him ‘ nationalism ’ was absurd and I rejected it .
His jaw dropped and he stared at me for a good 10 seconds .
Such comments seem to shock people , particularly when I inform them I do n’t regard myself as ‘ Australian ’ .
However , most people are then pushed to ask whether or not identify as some other nationality .
I tell them my ethnic / cultural heritage and then tell them that I do n’t identify with any of these either .
I have no interest in joining one team or another , and this is what seems so shocking to people .
‘ Citizenship ’ , for me , is just a legal document that has no real meaning except that it is a hoop erected by the State for me to jump through in order to do certain things .
It ’s necessary in this regard only .
‘ Australia day ’ is ‘ invasion day ’ , because that ’s what it was .
I have no interest in perpetuating ‘ Australia Day ’ as a celebration of the ‘ founding of the nation ’ and a collective celebration of ‘ Australianism ’ , when that ‘ Australianism ’ was founded upon the blood and bones of the indigenous inhabitants of this continent .
My understanding of ‘ Self ’ is all important in this .
It ’s how I identify and clearly my understanding differs from the vast majority of people or I would n’t shock them when I mention it .
But why does mine differ other peoples ?
We create a particular stereotype by defining ourselves by what we are not .
We then draw arbitrary lines to divide ‘ us from them ’ in order reinforce that stereotype and perpetuate it .
But little do we realise that what this creates is a bunch of ideas and nothing more , because these ideas are abstract and not based on in reality .
What makes a thing or a person the ‘ other ’ is make - believe .
However the damage is done .
We have created an idea of what we ought to be , or what we ought to do to be ‘ Australian ‘ .
Governments are the catalyst in this process as they mould it , expanded it and promote it because they profit from it .
It allows them to inspire us to band together , to play as a team for the good of the nation , to go fight and die for some concept of this shared , national identity .
Once a particular way of ‘ being ’ is created , a pressure is exerted upon every individual to conform to that vast collection of memes ; to be Australian .
But in reality , that stereotype is false .
It does n’t exist .
Remove ‘ what we are not ’ and parts of ‘ what we are ’ , are removed with them .
It ’s this that I oppose because the individual tries to be something .
They are trying to ‘ be Australia ’ when the entire concept of what an ‘ Australian ’ is does n’t exist .
Ask anyone to define what , exactly , is ‘ Australian ’ and then compare it to reality and you find that it ’s indefinable .
Thongs , shorts , shrimp on the bare-e , green and gold and singlets may be the ‘ average Australian ’ to many — and many people try to ‘ be ’ this , because it is what they think being ‘ Australian ’ is .
But all it takes is to look around you at the people who pass you in the street to see just how wrong it is .
Even the idea of Australian ’s being ‘ layed back ’ and ‘ larrikins ’ is a farce .
They may be personality traits for some , but I know many who are highly strung , humourless and depressed .
So then , the individual in pursuit of that identity of ‘ Australian ’ , over compensates .
They alter their behaviour to conform to what they believe is ‘ Australian ’ , when really it does n’t exist .
A person with black skin may see being ‘ white ’ as a requirement for being Australian and so bleach their skin to gain acceptance .
In the statement , ‘ I am Australian ’ , the ‘ Australian ’ part is meaningless and the statement becomes , merely , ‘ I am . ’
Anything after that is bullshit .
This same thinking can be extrapolated to all sorts of thought processes that designate ‘ us ’ and ‘ them ’ , and ultimately ends in destroying the ‘ other ’ or an individual fundamentally changing their ‘ Self ’ to gain acceptance .
Nationalism then , is simply a weapon for Governments who can increase their control by propagating this idea that somehow ‘ our team ’ is better and / or under threat from ‘ their team ’ .
However , the biggest issue at hand then , is how to square with ‘ positive ’ nationalist movements which help to re-establish a marginalised or suppressed identity , such as indigenous peoples from around the world .
After all , these movements are positive in that they create a sense of solidarity among minorities and help them talk back to the privileged majority .
Nationalism re-establishes the oppressed as a cohesive unit and says , ‘ we exist and you wo n’t walk over us . ’
How could an anti-nationalist , such as myself , recognise , support and even work with nationalist movements such as these that seek to protect and established an oppressed minority as equals ?
To be sure , there seems to be a contradiction .
But , I think , it needs to be recognised that such nationalist movements are positive and present a benefit to those they try to help .
That should be supported , but there is a limit on that support , as nationalism as a theory is not an ends in itself .
As a matter of course , nationalism requires the individual to bend and change the Self in order to accommodate it .
A person will over - compensate in order to gain acceptance and prove that they are more , to use previous examples , ‘ Australian ’ than you or the other , and I believe this is where the limit lies .
Acceptance is a powerful tool and weapon .
When a movement changes from re-establishing and fighting for the fair treatment and safety of a minority , to being one where the granting or removal of acceptance becomes contingent on the individual trying to ‘ be ‘ something more than themselves ( eg , more hardcore than you ) , than support should be withdrawn .
Equally , when those movements call for the hatred or destruction of the other , support should be withdrawn .
No support should be given to any movement , organisation or theory from a point where it demands that a person hates their Self and attempts to destroy their Self for acceptance or where it demands that a person hate and destroy their friends , loved ones and supporters on the basis that they belong to ‘ the Other ’ .
Should 've joined Waiter Watchers !
Slimmers who are served food by a fat person are more likely to over - indulge
For those desperate to stay slim , the answer is simple .
Never mind faddy diets and exercise – just avoid restaurants where the waiting staff are overweight .
A study has discovered that people on diets are more likely to over - indulge if the person serving them looks fat , but that non-dieters will have second thoughts about tucking in .
If the waiters are skinny , however , slimmers will stick to their eating regimes , while non-dieters will feel free to order what they want .
Tucking in : Monty Python 's gargantuan diner Mr Creosote .
Scientists have found that people on diets will eat more if they are served by an overweight waiter
The conclusions come from a team at the universities of British Columbia and Arizona and the school of business at Duke University , North Carolina .
They investigated how customers ’ food choices were influenced by the size of the people supplying them .
The team used student volunteers and a waitress wearing a body suit to substantiate its findings .
They discovered that students who were on diets ordered more food from the waitress when she was wearing the suit , which ballooned her to a size 16 , than when she was dressed normally .
‘ The research provides the first experimental evidence that the mere body type of a server can impact on both how much and the type of food people eat , ’ the study concluded .
‘ The pattern showed that dieters ate more snacks when the server was heavy versus thin , but non-dieters ate more when she was thin than when she was heavy .
‘ It shows that the body type of others around us may be sufficient to alter our consumption choices . ’
The survey was undertaken in the wake of the rising obesity rate in the US , where 66 per cent of adults and one - third of pre-school children are rated as overweight or obese .
Jamie Oliver was recently reduced to tears as he tried to argue the case for healthy food with burger - chomping Americans .
In the UK , Department of Health statistics say that almost a quarter of adults in England are obese .
Paul Buckley , a consumer psychologist at Cardiff School of Management , said : ‘ It has been proved that if other people are eating , you tend to eat more , and this is the next step .
‘ If your waiter or waitress looks as if they have eaten a lot , it will make people more relaxed about eating .
They will feel it is not so bad to be overweight .
‘ But if you have someone who is thin serving you , it reminds you not to eat too much . ’
I 'm sure the teabaggers in DC today will be thanking Obama and the Democratic Congress for overcoming GOP obstructionism and lowering taxes to their lowest level in 60 years ?
On April 15 , after laboring through their taxes , many Americans may be asking if the president meant what he said .
More than three quarters of Americans , according to a CBS News / New York Times poll released that same month , thought the Obama administration has either kept taxes the same for most Americans or increased them .
The latest CBS News / New York Times poll released yesterday shows that as many as 34 percent of Americans think Mr. Obama raised taxes .
Today , thousands of Tea Partiers will descend on Washington to declare they 've been " Taxed Enough Already . "
Yesterday 's poll found that 64 percent of Tea Party supporters think the administration has raised taxes -- a finding that might leave Democrats banging their heads against their desks .
" The American people need to be reminded that 98 percent of Americans got a tax cut last year , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Wednesday .
Reid was referring to the impact of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , otherwise known as the stimulus -- essentially , the only Obama policy to really impact people 's 2009 tax returns .
In fact , tax refunds reached an all - time high this year in part because of the stimulus , the president said in his weekly address on Saturday .
Meanwhile , taxes are at their lowest levels in 60 years , according to William Gale , co-director of the Tax Policy Center and director of the Retirement Security Project at the Brookings Institution .
" The relation between what is said in the tax debate and what is true about tax policy is often quite tenuous , " Gale told Hotsheet .
" The rise of the Tea Party at at time when taxes are literally at their lowest in decades is really hard to understand . "
The misconception is largely due to Rush Limbaugh and Fox News , living in their alternate reality and sharing it with their audience of millions of incredulous conservatives .
But it 's also a failure of Democrats to sell their accomplishments .
98 percent of Americans got tax cuts .
The richest two percent , well , they did n't .
The teabaggers , doing the bidding of America 's richest elite , will remain outraged about that injustice .
So they are always welcome to send their record - high tax refunds to Sarah Palin , Rush Limbaugh , and Bill O'Reilly .
That way , they can prove once and for all that they are not all sound and ignorant fury .
Or are they more concerned about the deficit ?
If so , they are always free to tear up that refund check , doing their part to lower America 's deficit .
Actions !
They should would speak louder than their angry , uninformed words .
All these are facts , and have been verified both through fossil evidence , and through DNA research .
Today , there is practically no reason to doubt the above .
But is there any connection of all this with anarchy ?
Oh yes , there is .
Be patient , let ’s move on .
The red part of the earlier colored line represents the most recent 10,000 years .
We ’ll soon see which earth - shattering event occurred there , in the purple part , which led us to the red one , but now let ’s concentrate on the long blue part , which is of special importance to us , because as I said above it ’s the “ anarchic ” stage of our existence .
Why do I call it that way ?
How were our ancestors living back then ?
They comprised , as I said , various tribes , and the way in which they led their lives today is called “ the hunter - gatherer stage ” .
This means that men were the “ hunters ” ( do n’t imagine anything like hunting with bows and arrows , those were invented in the last 60,000 years ; nor any dogs , since humans started domesticating the wolf in the last 50,000 years , and only where wolves existed ; stones and clubs were the early hunters ’ only weapons ) .
And the women were the “ gatherers ” , i.e. , they were staying at the tribal camp ( which moved from place to place over the years ) , and were collecting both the game that men brought to them , as well as plants ( seeds , etc. ) that they were gathering by themselves .
( Men , too , would often bring plants , roots , etc. , as a result of their “ hunting ” , it was n’t always meat that they would bring . )
Women were responsible for distributing the food to the members of the community , and of course with the raising of the children .
Men and women had approximately the same social status ; the system was neither strictly patriarchal , nor strictly matriarchal .
How do we know all this ?
Simply , because this way of life is still in existence .
There are still hunter - gatherers in many places of the world , such as in the Amazon jungle , in sub-Saharan Africa , on several islands of the Indian and Pacific oceans , and elsewhere .
Anthropologists go and observe the way of living of those people and announce their findings in journals and conferences .
Their observations almost always require confirmation by other , independent teams , before being accepted as facts .
So we make the reasonable assumption that today ’s few hunter - gatherers have not changed their way of living in some essential aspect , and thus we get a glimpse of how our ancestors used to live by observing some of their modern descendants .
Note that this assumption is not unreasonable at all .
As the world changes , it does n’t change everywhere simultaneously , because there is no reason for such global - scale change to happen .
The world changes only where conditions are ripe for change .
Meanwhile , the older ways of living continue to exist where the conditions for change were never met . (*)
Now , regarding the “ governing system ” of the hunter - gatherers , we can’t really talk about such a thing because there is no central authority , no police , nor judges , nor prisoners , nor guards .
And the reason why all these do not exist is very simple : because no one has food available to feed them .
At the hunter - gatherer stage every member of the tribe works for the food they consume , and for that only .
They do n’t work to feed anybody else ( save for their children , and for the fact that they share their food with the rest in the rare event that there is plenty of it ) .
Consider , how does a lawyer feed him / herself today ?
Do they produce the food they consume by themselves ?
Of course not .
The lawyer produces and sells “ air ” .
Ditto for the judge , the insurance agent , the military officer , and the computer programmer .
This does n’t mean that the work of those people is useless !
Of course it is useful because , due to the way our society is organized , some people are interested in using this “ air ” ; indeed , some people depend entirely on this “ air ” .
But in the hunter - gatherer ’s society the selling of “ air ” has no luck .
The intra-societal micro-conflicts are resolved in an elders ’ council , and that ’s all .
Note that there are micro-conflicts only , since there are no large properties , hence no large interests either .
Please read once more those two paragraphs from Wikipedia at the beginning of this text now , and tell me if they do n’t agree to the tee with the description of the hunter - gatherer ’s society .
Now , you might think that we could have an anarchic society without becoming hunter - gatherers ourselves .
Or could we ?
Do n’t hurry to reach conclusions , please read further .
Let ’s see what the earth - shattering event was , which happened around 10,000 years ago , and led the human population to develop classes among its ranks , leave the hunter - gatherer stage , and grow immensely , so that from a few hundred thousand individuals to reach several billion in our times .
To appreciate what “ from a few hundred thousand to several billion ” means , and since a single picture is worth a thousand words , look at the diagram below , which shows how human population grew in the last 150,000 years .
Time runs along the horizontal axis , so that - 150,000 means : one hundred and fifty thousand years before Christ .
The number 0 corresponds to the year 1 A.D. or 1 B.C. — it makes no difference — and the “ present ” is at the rightmost edge .
Our population is on the vertical axis .
So we see that the population was nearly zero ( coinciding with the horizontal axis ) for the best part of our existence as Homo sapiens , started rising a few thousand years B.C. ( blue corner , on the right ) , and reached unprecedented heights from there on , growing exponentially .
What happened and caused this explosion ?
The thing that happened was the gradual passage from the hunter - gather to the farmer mode of subsistence .
( And when I say “ farmer ” I include animal husbandry ; simply , because there is no single word that includes both farming and animal husbandry , we talk about “ farmers ” . )
The transformation was , as I said , gradual ; that is , it did not happen that a hunter - gatherer woke up one day and thought : “ What a beautiful day today !
Instead of hunting , I think I ’m gonna plant some seeds ! ”
No .
What really happened , most probably , is that in some places of the world where the conditions were suitable — we ’ll see which those places were — people ( women , most likely ) observed that seeds which fell on the ground from the collection process sprouted after some time and yielded more seed .
It must have taken thousands of years for the practice of planting in each family ’s “ private garden ” to be developed and become systematic harvesting of an entire field , to the point that the field yielded enough food to render hunting for the family ( and for the tribe in general ) unnecessary .
Of course , hunting did not disappear completely , it merely passed into the backstage .
The hobby of hunting in our days , which can only damage the fauna of a place , is a vestige of this ancient mode of living of our ancestors .
Note :
By the way , those hunters who claim that their hobby is advantageous to nature , because supposedly they do not let some species grow unchecked at the expense of others , are benighted and deluded .
Nature always finds the way to reach a balance point through the method of natural selection , which has worked wonders for 3.5 billion years before hunting rifles appeared on earth .
When a species multiplies , this happens because its environment allows it ; now , if such multiplication conflicts with human interests , this is a problem created by us humans through our unchecked multiplication .
But let us not be fooled by the hunters ’ idiotic argument that they supposedly offer a good service to nature ( instead of serving their own interests ) .
Now , in which parts of the world was farming made possible ?
( This knowledge is not necessary for the understanding of how we passed from the anarchic - classless stage to the modern class - ful one , but it is very interesting . )
Converging evidence points to the region of Mesopotamia ( present - day Iraq ) .
Firstly , there is fertile soil there , in the delta of Tigris and Euphrates .
Second , plants grew in the region that were the ancestors of wheat and other cereal .
And third , there were also animals , which were the ancestors of modern bulls and cows ( the aurochs ) , oxen , horses , etc. , suitable by their nature to put under the yoke .
Without those animals it would be impossible to have large - scale cultivation of fields , because by using merely human hands , only small expanses of land can be cultivated .
In the Americas , for example , where there were no such animals , the natives cultivated only small fields .
( If you watched old westerns with American Indians riding horses , forget them : American Indians learned about horses and their benefits — as well as about guns — only after the Europeans introduced those animals into the North American continent . )
In sub -Saharan Africa , where bovids exist , but which cannot be put under the yoke no matter how hard one tries , there was no land cultivation at all .
( Some animals remain wild by their nature ; for instance , the African elephant resists domestication , whereas the Asian elephant can be domesticated rather easily . )
In Asia , where there are bovids that can be domesticated , some cultivation of land took place , but there were not many suitable plants in existence ( rice only , which requires special conditions ) .
In Australia there were neither plants to cultivate , nor animals to use ( kangaroos can not be put under the yoke ) so the Australian aborigines did not develop farming .
In Europe , what happened is that the practice of farming spread little by little to the entire continent , starting from Mesopotamia .
( That is , without human migration necessarily involved , the practice of farming as a means of sustenance became widespread . )
Geographical barriers , such as the Sahara desert and the Himalayas , in addition to the lack of suitable fauna and flora , did not allow the practice of farming to spread further in ancient times .
In general , we see that farming developed where there was the infrastructure of plants and animals .
For reasons that will be explained immediately , farming gave a boost to the development of civilizations , which in turn spread and subdued all those other people who had “ lagged behind ” in development ( American Indians , Africans , Australian aborigines , etc. ) .
So it was n’t “ the intelligence of the white race ” that led to the development of technology , as some believe , but the fortuitous coexistence of features of fauna and flora at some places .
( No causal connection between intelligence and skin color has ever been scientifically discovered . )
All the above , and much more and interesting observations are explained in J. Diamond ’s seminal work , “ Guns , Germs , and Steel ” , a 1996 publication , for which Diamond received the Pulitzer prize .
To this date , nobody has managed to counter Diamond ’s arguments , which , after all , are based on fundamental observations of the natural world .
Let us note in passing that Diamond ’s theory answers only the general question , “ Why did Europeans develop so much technologically and eventually conquered and dominated all other peoples ? ”
But it does not answer the more specific question , “ Why , among the Europeans , did the ancient Greeks develop their civilization to unprecedented levels , to the point that many of their achievements of the classic times in arts and philosophy remain unsurpassed to this date ? ”
Diamond ’s theory is moot on this question , which might be of special importance to some of us .
However , interesting as the above might be , they do not answer directly our central question , which is : “ Why did farming bring about the development of technology and the emergence of social classes ? ”
It ’s simple , here is why : With farming ( and animal husbandry ) a surplus of food is created .
Whereas the hunter - gatherer secures only as much food as is necessary for daily survival ( and sometimes not even that ) , the farmer produces quantities , e.g. , of wheat , which can be stored , and can feed a larger number of hungry children .
Stored food can provide nutrition to the farmer in the following year , when perhaps the crops will not be plentiful .
The hunter cannot store anything : whatever is caught must be consumed , otherwise it ’ll rot .
Now , the farmer ’s food surplus is in a position to feed not only the farmer ’s children ( who can be more than the hunter ’s ) , but also members of the tribe who do not busy themselves in farming , but have other duties , such as the duty of the soldier who protects the tribe from enemy attacks .
Farmers had the luxury , for the first time , to feed people who did not contribute directly to the production of food , but instead were “ selling air ” , such as soldiers , priests , the king and his court , the scientists of the time ( e.g. , the Mesopotamian astronomers , who observed heavenly phenomena and the influence of seasons on crops , or the geometers of Egypt , who could compute and rediscover the borders of fields when the latter had been covered by the mud of the Nile ) , the scribes ( after writing systems had been invented ) , etc .
Those “ professions ” were inconceivable at the hunter - gatherer stage — impossible , to be exact .
But note that , at the farmer stage , many of the new professions were mandatory .
For example , if you have a quantity of wheat in your storage rooms and the neighboring tribe that ’s not concerned with farming is eyeing it , it ’s a good idea to maintain an army unit that can defend you against the enemy attack ; when the Nile floods and covers the borders of fields with mud , it ’s good to have specialists who know how to compute and find again the lost borders ; and so on .
Also , the army units require discipline , which can be applied effectively through a hierarchy of ranks , on top of which stands the king , who is often also the religious leader ( e.g. , Pharaoh ) .
It is not a coincidence that farming societies acquired kings , whereas the more anarchic hunter - gatherer ones did not know of such a title .
( There can be a tribal chief or shaman among hunter - gatherers , but such a person does not have the absolute powers of a monarch . )
As for police , there was n’t any yet .
There was the army , needed to impose order on the class of slaves , who were the captured people from among the neighboring subdued tribes .
If a crime was committed , even during the later , classic Greek times , one was expected to find justice by one ’s own power .
Of course there were laws , and indeed , written ones from some point on , but the application of such laws was not a simple matter .
Even today , the police does not intervene for micro-conflicts in villages ( “ This olive tree is mine ” — “ No , it belongs to me ! ” ) although it is present .
Back then , there was not even the notion of police .
The crime should be serious enough for the state to intervene in some way — e.g. , murder , snatching of women ( who were the property of men ) , sacrilege of a holy place , something like that .
The emergence of some form of police units is a later development , of the Roman times .
Still , police did not appear suddenly , just because some insane Roman emperor envisioned it in his wild dreams , but because there were increased needs of imposing order , especially in a vast empire such as the Roman one .
Without those classes of people ( soldiers , policemen ) , the empire would collapse under its own weight .
Now , one should not say , “ Well , let it be , let it collapse ! ”
But there were so many poor people whose existence depended on the existence of the empire !
If their society were ruined , millions of people would die ( including our Greek ancestors , mind you , since they became Roman citizens after 146 BC ) .
Now the succession of events should be obvious .
The surplus of food , initially , created classes of people who had the privilege of eating for thinking , or “ selling air ” , as I said before .
Some among those thinking people found ways to extract metals like iron from the rocks of the earth ( from which only a few soft metals , like gold , silver , and copper were extracted before , because they can be found in pure state , unlike iron , which is found only in compounds ) .
The construction of machines became possible with the use of such metals , which were giving much greater power than before .
And note that the design of machines required thought — remember Archimedes who was killed while thinking .
The power of machines and thought made the development of technology possible , from the products of which our lives depend entirely today .
This last phrase is the most important one in all this introduction , so allow me to repeat it , please : our lives today depend entirely on the products of technology .
Now let ’s see : Suppose we decide suddenly to apply the principles of anarchy now .
What would be the consequences of this decision in our lives ?
What would be the first thing a good anarchist would like to dismantle ?
A single idea comes immediately to my mind , without much thinking , appearing more or less obvious : the police !
Is n’t it the police that constitutes the instrument of imposing the order of the ruling class ?
Is there any anarchist who disagrees with that ?
Fine , we dismantle the police .
Let ’s see what the consequences of this are .
Police is the “ right hand ” of the state with which the laws are implemented .
Laws cannot be implemented without policemen because , for example , it is not enough to have a trial and a judge who determines a sentence ; someone must be in a position to force those who were convicted to abide by the sentence .
Policemen do that .
Since we dismantled the police , it ’s unnecessary to conduct trials , because everybody will be in a position to ignore the judge ’s decision , or , quite simply , not appear in court at all .
Therefore , judges , prosecutors , attorneys , and all those who work in the judicial system have been rendered unnecessary and superfluous .
Very well , we got rid of all those air - sellers !
So we delivered a deadly blow to the executive authority of the state ( no more cops ! ) , and we ’ve gotten rid of the judicial authority in its entirety .
Hooray !
Now let ’s go on to find out some further consequences , if you do n’t mind .
Suppose that a muscular guy who prefers to settle his business with his physical power forms a small gang with a few other muscular guys , and one day they come to your house .
They break down the door , storm in , smash and turn everything to smithereens , grab whatever they encounter and fits in the sacks they brought with them , and just so that they do n’t leave you with any doubt about their intentions , they also rape all the female members of your family before leaving ; perhaps they do that also to some hapless male who happened to get in their way .
Pardon me , what did you say ?
That the above is not included in the menu of anarchy ?
Why ?
Because we read , “ Anarchism [...] promotes self - management and focuses on the personal responsibility that individuals have for the effect of their actions toward themselves and toward the society of which they are members ” ?
But , excuse me , it ’s not you who decides what the muscular guy with his muscular cohorts will do .
He decides .
Likewise , in a chess game it is the opponent who gets to decide his moves ; you do n’t dictate to your opponent what moves to make !
On the contrary : when you play chess you play assuming that your opponent will make the move that ’s worst for you .
Otherwise you do n’t play real chess but some game for toddlers .
And do n’t tell me that in an anarchic society there will not be conflicts , because I will ask you which planet did you come from , anyway .
Not only will conflicts exist , but they will even be of the worst kind , much worse than what I described above .
Without executive authority , mafia will emerge , which will impose its own laws at gunpoint .
Think of Russia after the dissolution of the Soviet Union , think of Sicily since centuries ago to the present , think of Chicago at the beginning of the 20th century , and you ’ll probably start suspecting what kind of society without executive and judicial authority we ’re talking about .
And for those who did n’t get it yet ( because even for the most obvious thoughts there are always thought - proof skulls that resist them ) , mafia means “ might makes right ” , it means the imposition of unwritten and cruel laws , the violation of which is usually punished by death , and all those things that directly contradict the notion of anarchy .
Perhaps you think we might manage to form some small groups for our own self defense , as some have proposed , without allowing governmental ( state - wise ) security units to form .
Well , this means simply that we organize and train our own , small , personal army , to defend ourselves against the neighboring small , personal army ( the muscular guy ’s ) , which , in the end , might prove stronger than ours and beat us .
Just like in the ancient times .
The right of the most powerful person will prevail .
But wait , we did n’t finish with the consequences yet .
We just started .
At present we live in very populous societies — many of us in large urban areas — in which we take decisions that concern not only our immediate private affairs , but also our social affairs : how much I have to pay for the garbage collection , for a road that will be made in the countryside , for flood prevention , and so on .
Naturally , we do n’t decide directly for these matters , nor every day , but if the issue becomes urgent — if the state asks us to pay too much , for instance — there is supposed to be a congressman elected in our region who can listen to our complaints and take some action .
In large urban centers , of course , congressmen can’t care less about our needs ; but in small cities they listen to their voters , because a small number of voters determines whether they are elected or not .
Now , in the brave new age of anarchy that has just risen , will there be any parliament ?
Obviously not .
Parliament , that is , this all - important instrument of the legislating authority cannot exist , because what ’s the point of making laws if the executive authority by which these laws are implemented does not exist ?
( We got rid of the executive authority , together with the judicial one , I hope you remember that , right ? )
Consequently , at the same time we got rid of the legislating authority .
If you know some way in which we can have laws ( social behavior rules , that is ) without being able to implement them , let me know .
Therefore , everything that concerns decision - making for the society as a whole is tossed away , too .
You , the “ good ” anarchists may gather together and take “ good ” decisions about yourselves , but when the muscular guys come to the neighborhood , I do n’t know you and you do n’t know me .
Agreed ?
Fine , we got rid of all authorities : executive , judicial , and legislating .
Was n’t this the fundamental goal of an - archy ?
We achieved it , and indeed , with a single checkmating move : the dismantling of the police !
Like a knitted sweater , which is un - knit in your hands by pulling just one thread of it .
Now , the result was the establishment of the law of mafia , and maybe some of you believe that the consequences end there , and that perhaps we might manage to avoid the mafia rule with some other clever trick .
Unfortunately , reality is ruthless : as you ’ll see below , not only will the Mafiosi not survive , but neither you nor anybody else will .
Let ’s keep going .
We move on now to the technological and entrepreneurial domain .
You must have noticed , I hope , that during all this time I managed to give you a headache through a computer screen , which receives data by means of something we call the Internet .
This thing , the Internet data , arrive at the computer you use now not through magic , but because there is a company specializing precisely at that : bringing the data to you .
The company does this because somebody has paid it ( you , your dad , the internet café that you paid , the public university that we all pay , ( * ) somebody anyway ) .
Now , companies like the one I just mentioned are private enterprises , and as such they usually have an owner , or group of owners , and employees .
The employees work for the owner , who , as we all know , exploits the surplus value of the employees ’ work , paying them just as much as they need to sustain themselves and continue working , while he receives the lion ’s share , etc. , etc .
Very well ...
We know all these , with the addendum that we also know one more little detail : that if there is no owner , or if the owner is some collective organization such as some workers ’ union , or the State ( as was the case in the Soviet Union in the good ol ’ times ) , then there is no motivation for work , the company does not produce much , and after some time it goes bankrupt and we all go home .
( Or , even worse , as it happened in the Soviet Union times , the State itself goes bankrupt and it disintegrates into its original constituents . )
With this little detail in mind , I hope we all understand that that # % @ !$@ ! # , the owner , who feeds from the workers ’ blood like a leech , remains at his post until further notice .
Now , suppose I am an employee at a company , and the bright first day of our anarchic life has just dawned , in the year 1 A.A. ( After Anarcho - self - determination . )
Why should I work for my boss ?
I can very well get organized with my co-workers , and after they also digest and assimilate the new situation in their minds , we can all go to our boss ’s office and force him to relinquish to us the company title of ownership .
Or , even better , we can force him to sell the company by himself and give us its value in cash .
We can hold him as a hostage , if we wish , until he does it .
Who ’s gonna prevent us ?
The police ?
Ha-ha !
The police ai n’t no more !
Or , maybe , the private security people that our company pays ?
But they , too , are poor working fellows like us .
They can also break in their own boss ’s office ( after we explain the idea to them ) .
And if , after the company is sold and we get the cash , we do n’t have a job anymore , so what , folks ?
The cash we got must be many times more than what we ’d earn in our whole life .
Or maybe not , but whatever the case is , we believe that it must be so , and that ’s why we broke in our boss ’s den , and we drank all the whiskey he had in his mini-bar for treating the high - class guests .
Perhaps I do n’t sound very serious , above , but if you can think of some really serious reason for which it is not in the workers ’ interests to get hold of their boss ’s company , please make them known to me , so I learn them , too .
I believe it might take a bit of time for the workers to really get it that they can indeed do the above without any legal consequence ( legal ? ha - ha ! ) but finally they ’ll get it .
And they ’ll do it .
At least some of them will , and when the rest see it and realize that it can be done , they ’ll do it , too .
And the above is not the only way in which workers can act , in the absence of police .
For example , they can form a gang — even together with their employer — and go and destroy their competitor ’s business at night .
What one can do when consequences are absent is only limited by one ’s imagination .
In short , entrepreneurial activity will come to a grinding halt .
But , as I already mentioned , today our lives depend entirely on the products of technology , which are the results of entrepreneurial activity .
Note that when I say “ technology ” I do n’t mean only the one of the “ high tech ” genre ( PC’s , CD’s , DVD ’s , media–shmedia ) , but all the products of human toil , including chairs and scissors .
Even the milk that we buy is manufactured by some company — we do n’t milk cows !
The bread , too , which we buy from the bakery , is produced by a company : the baker ’s own one .
( Mr. Alekos , the baker around the corner in my neighborhood , employs around 15 people in his bakery , believe it or not . )
But even the baker is supplied by flour from some company , he does n’t grind the wheat !
We do n’t produce our food by ourselves anymore , we ’re neither farmers ( at least most of us are n’t ) nor hunter - gatherers .
And even today ’s farmers buy their bread from the bakery ; not even they produce most of their food from their own raw materials , but rely on others , on enterprises .
When the entrepreneurial activity dwindles and dies out , we will dwindle and die together with it .
By what means do you think the billions of people are sustained in life today , by thin air ?
Their food is manufactured by companies .
Therefore ...
Therefore the overwhelming majority of the population of Earth will die of famine .
Initially , only the few who possessed land and animals will survive , but even they will go through rough times , because the farming machines will stop working — who will maintain them , who ’s going to build new ones ? — and they will be forced either to find oxen and horses , as in the ancient times , or to abandon everything and turn to hunter - gatherers .
Eventually , the survivors among us will be driven back to the hunter - gatherer stage .
But we wo n’t survive even there , because our environment is not in a position to support hunter - gatherers anymore .
Take a look around , observe how our country has become after centuries of exploitation through farming and animal husbandry : those dry , bald , rocky hills in southern Greece used to be all green in ancient times .
We know this because the ancient Greek texts talk about animals like the wild boar , the bear , the lion , and others , which would n’t be able to survive in today ’s environment because they would have nothing to prey upon .
Do you see animals for hunting anywhere ?
Perhaps on some ridge of the Pindus Mts. , ( * ) yes , but how many of us can go and live on Pindus ?
And for how many is the game sufficient there ?
Further , with what shall we be hunting ?
Bullets are not an option , we ’ll soon run out of them — remember , technology is kaput ! — therefore we ’ll resort to stones , bows and arrows , and to makeshift fishhooks , to catch an occasional fish , with the vitamin that ’s good for the eyes .
Parenthetically , note please that I rate the idea that anarchism can be implemented at a local level only , and not global ( worldwide ) , e.g. , only in Greece , as moronic , at best .
Shortly after we dismantle structures like police and the army in our country , thus becoming an anarchic society , our “ friends ” and “ allies ” from the east will invade with their army — which , contrary to us geniuses , they wo n’t have dismantled — using the most ridiculous excuse : e.g. , the protection of Islamic minorities .
Subsequently , their own rules will be imposed on us , which today include , for instance , an ever - increasing trend of forcing women to wear the Islamic turban ( so that men do n’t get a hard - on by seeing the women ’s hair of the head , folks ! ) , the imposing of much stricter policing of our lives than the present one , the suppressing and prohibition of thought that deviates from what they consider “ kosher ” , and other such charming things .
If you have more ideas similar to this one about how anarchy can be implemented , I have a request : please take your little bucket and go play somewhere else , okay ?
So , what do you think ?
Is n’t what I described going to be the result ?
If not , why ?
Could it be that our anarchic future will actually be much brighter , and it is I who ’s the benighted one ?
I ’ll gladly listen to your opinions .
But first , you ’ll conclude listening to mine , because I ’m not done yet .
In what follows I present examples that constitute evidence ( of the kind that Chomsky demanded ) for the observation that all large so - called “ complex systems ” , like a human society of billions of people , require structures .
The larger the system , the more complex the structures .
And vice - versa : complex systems with a large number of members and lacking structures do not exist .
Let ’s move on to review the examples .
Google is " 99.9 % " certain to close down its Chinese search engine , the FT reports after speaking with a source at the company .
Even after Google closes the search engine , it will take time to close down the business and the FT says Google wants to " takes steps to protect local employees from retaliation by the authorities . "
Google hopes to continue other operations in the country .
Though , the FT reports Google officials fear backlash from the Chinese government might make it difficult .
Here 's the full story from the FT :
Google has drawn up detailed plans for the closure of its Chinese search engine and is now “ 99.9 per cent ” certain to go ahead as talks over censorship with the Chinese authorities have reached an apparent impasse , according to a person familiar with the company ’s thinking .
In a hardening of positions on both sides , the Chinese government also on Friday threw down a direct public challenge to the US search company , with a warning that it was not prepared to compromise on internet censorship to stop Google leaving .
Continue →
Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks during a ceremony at the Natanz nuclear enrichment facility , 350 km ( 217 miles ) south of Tehran , April 9 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Caren Firouz / Files
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. military action against Iran remains an option even as the United States pursues diplomacy and sanctions to halt the country ’s nuclear program , the Pentagon said on Wednesday .
“ We are not taking any options off the table as we pursue the pressure and engagement tracks , ” Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell said .
“ The president always has at his disposal a full array of options , including use of the military ...
It is clearly not our preferred course of action but it has never been , nor is it now , off the table . ”
Morrell was responding to reported comments by a top U.S. defense official who was quoted in Singapore as saying a strike on Iran was off the table in the near term .
Last week , the big aviation gaffe was the revelation that a JFK controller allowed his children to speak over the radio .
Much was written about it and most pilots would agree , the act of a child speaking over the radio was not unsafe .
My first reaction was that this was much ado about nothing .
But then I realized , having a controller ’s child in the tower cab could have created a distraction that might have led to an incident , or as controllers call it “ a deal . ”
right to focus on professionalism , and I ’ll talk in a moment about just what that is .
In my opinion , the controllers and supervisor involved in the JFK incident should not be fired .
Perhaps a reprimand is appropriate , but let ’s get them back to work and focus on more serious breaches of professionalism .
While the FAA controller story got worldwide attention , here are two stories this week that have flown under the radar , but which were far more serious .
If someone needs to get fired for a breach in professionalism , the people involved in these stories are much better candidates .
Cops Shoot Out Airliner Window
In the more serious of the two incidents , an Air Austral Boeing 777-300 parked on Reunion Island , just off the coast of Madagascar , was being used by the local police force for a training exercise .
They were simulating a rescue of hostages after a hijacking of the aircraft .
According to AvHerald.com , “ The police forces attempting to free the hostages brought stairs to the right hand front door , got up the stairs and opened the door for a surprise attack .
But one of the policemen had live bullets instead of blank cartridges in his gun when he stormed the aircraft , and thus shot through the window of the left hand front entrance with the bullet going through all panes of the window .
Nobody was injured .
“ The airplane however had to remain on the ground to have that window replaced and therefore could not perform its scheduled flight UU - 975 to Paris Charles de Gaulle ( France ) scheduled to depart in the evening .
Air Austral instead dispatched a Boeing 777-200 registration F - OMAY , which however could not accommodate all booked passengers , so that a number had to be rebooked onto other flights . ”
Recently , I witnessed the SWAT team in a major city practice breaching an airliner .
The photo accompanying this post is one I took with my phone while watching .
What impressed me most was not the breach , but the inspection of SWAT team members just prior to the exercise .
A supervisor checked each officer ’s gear for proper fit and attachment and weapons were checked for ammunition .
They exhibited exacting attention to detail , unlike the police force on Reunion Island .
ATC Tower Left Unstaffed – Plane Diverted
In another inexcusable lapse of professionalism , a Ryanair 737-800 with 150 passengers aboard was diverted from its scheduled landing at Leipzig / Altenburg ( Germany ) because contact could not be made with the tower .
The plane landed instead at Berlin ’s Schoenefeld airport , where passengers were bussed to their destination .
Again , according to AvHearld.com , “ The ‘ Tower Company ’ responsible for providing air traffic control services at Altenburg Airport said , that there had been a misunderstanding with an unclear duty roster , so that the tower controller scheduled to be on duty did not turn up for work .
Another controller became available only 2.5 hours later .
An internal inquiry has been launched . ”
Apparently in Germany , when a tower is closed it becomes Class G airspace .
All airline flights are conducted under IFR , and in Germany , airliners are apparently not permitted to fly IFR in Class G airspace .
At quick check of Ryanair ’s schedule shows that Flight 8926 is scheduled to arrive just after noon each day .
I cannot imagine any FAA employee ever leaving a tower unstaffed if the next person did n’t show up .
Apparently the standard for professionalism is a little different at Atlenburg .
Professionalism
So what is professionalism ?
David Maister in his book TRUE PROFESSIONALISM says “ Real professionalism has little , if anything , to do with which business you are in , what role within that business you perform , or how many degrees you have .
Rather it implies a pride in work , a commitment to quality , a dedication to the interests of the client , and a sincere desire to help . ”
Elsewhere he says it ’s “ believing passionately in what you do , never compromising your standards and values , and caring about your clients , your people , and your own career . "
Finally , “ Real professionalism is about attitudes , and perhaps even about character ” …. yet … “ most firms hiring processes are about educational qualifications and technical skills . ”
I can only think of one FAA controller I ever encountered who was consistently unprofessional .
Fortunately , the FAA realized that too .
It took years , but eventually he was moved out of his job and no longer works for the FAA .
The JFK incident was a lapse in what I ’m sure is otherwise very professional work at JFK .
Let ’s get those controllers back to work and focus on more serious lapses in professionalism .
Speaking of which , as I finish this article , I see that a small plane violated Washington D.C. airspace and was forced to land at Frederick , MD last night .
Two days ago , the same thing happened and an aircraft was forced to land at Roanoke .
What do you think of these pilots and their professionalism ?
Talking ' Lost ' with Henry Ian Cusick
By Jen Chaney
It 's been a rough few days for " Lost " fans , what with the lack of a new episode and the mounting anticipation / dread of the whole thing coming to an end .
Henry Ian Cusick , your Constant and ours .
( ABC )
But here 's something that may pick up your spirits : an extended Q&A with none other than Desmond Hume , aka actor Henry Ian Cusick .
He has lots to say -- about why he was n't in that much discussed cast photo , the mysteriously leaked call sheet and how it felt to officially wrap the show last weekend after four - plus seasons of playing everyone 's favorite " brotha " man .
( He also confirms , without saying much else , that -- SPOILER !! -- he is indeed in the show 's final scene . )
Cusick chatted with me via telephone Monday night from Hawaii , where , due to the time difference , he was en route to pick up his three sons from school .
( " I 've never done one driving before , " he confessed about this interview .
" Is that all right ? "
Of course it is , Mr. Hume . )
Here 's what we discussed ...
Jen :
When you got the script for " Everybody Loves Hugo " and got to the point where it says , “ Desmond hits John Locke with his car , ” what was your reaction to that ?
Cusick : I sort of figured it out quite quickly … well , my interpretation of it .
I sort of knew why that was .
I thought it was a little bit extreme .
I sort of thought that I had to get John Locke into a place where I was trying to wake him up .
So it made sense to me .
When I ’m acting , I ’ve always got to make it make sense to me why I do anything .
Whether it ’s right or wrong , I ’ve just got to believe this is the reason why I am doing this and just go with it .
Does that make sense ?
Jen : Yeah , it does .
So the notion that you were trying to wake him up , that ’s something you got pretty much right away from reading it ?
Cusick : I had to believe that was the reason I was doing it .
There may be another reason I was doing it .
But as an actor , because they do n’t tell you why you ’re doing things -- I figured out very early on on this show that even if you do n’t know the real reason why you 're doing stuff , you as an actor have to have a reason why you do things and just believe that .
It ’s a little like Harold Pinter because you do n’t really know the -- because it ’s a cryptic bizarre script , you have to have reasons for doing stuff .
Otherwise , it just looks empty .
Jen :
Some of our readers have been speculating that Desmond is playing a role like Jacob ’s in the sideways timeline , where he ’s going around and touching people ’s lives , and that his goal is to bring together the two narratives .
Can you tell me if people are somewhat on the right track with that idea ?
Cusick : I think they ’re on the right track with people touching each other ’s lives , yeah .
I think that on the whole show we ’re all interconnected and we all touch each other ’s lives .
That ’s definitely the right track , I think .
Jen : I ’m sure you probably saw or heard that there was a promotional finale image released recently with a bunch of different characters in it .
Your character was n’t in the picture , so that generated all this speculation : " Desmond is n’t in the picture .
What does that mean ? "
Can you explain what that means ?
Cusick :
It means that I am not a season regular this season , I ’m only guesting .
I ’m only in seven episodes .
All those pictures , they are with regular characters , and this season I ’m not one .
Jen :
In other words , " Lost " fans are , as usual , reading too much into something ?
Cusick : I think so , yeah .
( Laughs )
That ’s good , though .
That ’s fine .
Jen : I have another question about leaked information .
I do n’t know if you heard about this call sheet that supposedly got out from the show – have you heard about this ?
Cusick : No , what was that ?
Jen :
It sounds a little fishy to me , but there was a call sheet with some information about who was going to be in some final scenes , and what the scenes were about .
Someone supposedly left it in a restaurant in Honolulu and it ’s been on the Internet .
It ’s unclear whether it ’s accurate , but it had you on the sheet and it said something about waterfalls and Desmond and Jack being on a rope … does any of that sound remotely accurate ?
Cusick :
You know , the security has been pretty tight lately , so it would n’t surprise me if there have been fake leakages .
I would n’t put it past them to do stuff like that because I think they are trying to throw people off track .
I do n’t know , I have n’t seen it , so I ca n’t comment .
But , you know , it would n’t surprise me if someone did that .
Jen :
It just seems strange that someone would go , “ Oops .
I left this at lunch . ”
Cusick : Right .
Yeah , especially since security has been so tight even with our side , with the actors .
We have to leave [ the scripts ] in our trailers when we ’re finished with them .
Jen :
So you ca n’t even take them home at night to run lines ?
Cusick :
No , we have the script , but it ’s exactly that -- they do n’t want us , you know , going to a restaurant afterwards , sitting outside and leaving them there .
Jen :
One more dorky question , and then I ’ll ask you slightly less dorky questions .
In the first episode of this season , there was a lot of speculation online about your scene with Matthew Fox on the airplane .
People thought there was a wedding ring on Desmond ’s finger , but later on you were n’t married to Penny on the show .
Was there a wedding ring on your finger in that scene , was it a continuity error or were we just seeing things ?
Cusick : I do n’t know .
I mean , I do wear a wedding ring and take it off when I shoot .
So , you know , if it was there -- again , I have n’t seen this -- but if it was there , that was a continuity error , I ’m afraid .
There should n’t be a ring on my finger in the flash sideways .
Jen :
Thank you for clearing that up .
In terms of where filming is , I know you ’re close to wrapping or already have .
Have you shot your last scenes yet ?
Cusick : Yes , we wrapped on the early hours of Saturday morning .
I would say about five in the morning we wrapped , and I just got a phone call saying I ’m working tomorrow [ Tuesday ] now because we ’ve got to work on some pick - ups .
So it still is n’t off just yet .
And I ’m sure after that , I ’m going to have to come in and do some ADR .
It ’s still going on , but we ’re very close to the end now .
Jen :
So the early hours of Saturday morning : was that more like an official wrap for everyone ?
Cusick : Yes , that was the official wrap .
I think now what we ’re doing is just little things that we may have missed , pick - up shots .
But yeah , the official wrap was late Friday night , early Saturday morning .
Jen :
What was the vibe on set ?
I have to think it was pretty emotional .
Cusick :
You know , it was a very long night .
And it was kind of people gearing up for a very exciting night , around 1 - ish , 2 - ish .
Then people started trickling off around 3 and then 4 , it was just the crew and actors .
But even so , for me -- we were tired .
We hung around the camera truck for a few more hours , certainly I did .
It was a good way to end , I thought .
I certainly had a good night and I prefer ending like that .
Being there on the last day of filming I think is a pretty cool thing to be able to say .
Jen :
Was there any sort of celebration ?
A toast or anything like that ?
Cusick : Oh absolutely .
There were a few drinks and people gave speeches .
People had a few , you know , final wrap moments .
It was cool .
Jen : Did you give a speech ?
Cusick : No. People were tired .
It was a very short sort of thing :
That ’s a wrap , you know .
Very short .
It was n’t appropriate for everyone to start talking .
It was five in the morning , I think .
Everyone just wanted to have a drink and go .
Jen :
In terms of the finale , I ’m guessing that you ’re obviously familiar with the pieces that affect your character .
But have you seen an entire script to have a sense of how everything falls together ?
Cusick : I ’ve seen an entire script , minus one scene .
And only the actors in that scene have seen that scene .
So I have seen the final scene .
I was in it , so yeah .
So I know roughly what ’s going to happen except for one little scene .
Jen : I do n’t want you to tell me what happens --
Cusick : -- do n’t worry , I ’m not going to tell you .
Jen : Yeah , I know you ’re not going to anyway , but I genuinely do n’t want to know .
But I wanted to ask : are you happy with it ?
When you read that script , did you think this is a great way to end the show , both for Desmond and the show in general ?
Cusick :
You know , I knew you were going to ask me this .
I really do n’t want to comment on it .
This is the reason why : I ’d really love the audience to watch it and take in what they want and not have , you know , people saying “ Oh , it 's going to be amazing ” or “ It ’s not so good . ”
Just watch it .
It ’s very close to the airing … when do we air ?
Middle of May , right ?
Jen : Yeah , May 23rd .
Cusick :
That ’s less than a month
And I think people when they watch it , then -- it ’s certainly -- what I can say is that you ’ll be thinking about the whole show , and there will be a lot of conversation about it .
Jen :
Oh boy .
In other words , we ’ll all have to go back to the beginning and watch it all again to figure it all out .
Cusick : I think people are going to do that anyway .
Jen :
They are going to do that anyway .
After Saturday ’s wrap , did you get to take any kind of memorabilia or a memento from the set ?
Or have you taken anything from a previous season that you really treasure ?
Cusick : No , no I have n’t .
I got my name from my chair .
That was given to me by props .
But the rest of the stuff , I think , is – all the individual bits and pieces are all going to go up for auction .
So I think they ’re being very tight about what they ’re giving away .
When I go to work tomorrow , I ’ll have a look around and see what ’s not going to be auctioned .
I ’ll have a look and see .
I meant to do it on wrap night , on Saturday morning , but I got so carried away with whatever else , it did n’t seem the right time to do it .
No , there ’s nothing I ’ve really taken away from it .
I ’ve got a season six poster .
That ’s about it .
And even if I had , I ’m not sure what I would have taken .
I did once steal a shirt , a blue Desmod shirt .
And then I had to give it back .
Jen :
You should take one of those , for God ’s sake , there must be millions of them .
Cusick : I do n’t know where they are now .
They ’re probably hoarding them somewhere .
Jen : I wonder if they ’re going to auction one of those , do you think ?
Cusick :
You know what , I gave it back because they did give me one that I auctioned off .
I thought I could n’t steal one and auction one off .
You know what I mean ?
Jen :
Have you been reflecting on what you ’re going to miss about the show ?
Cusick :
You know what , I have been .
Just the last couple of days have been a time for reflection , just sitting down and taking stock of the show and it ’s been a very interesting process .
And quite an emotional journey .
It ’s been a big part of my life and a lot of fun .
And I ’ll probably miss it more than I think I will at the moment .
Jen : Obviously you ’ll miss the people you worked with , but are you going to miss the character ?
Cusick :
There ’s so much I ’m going to miss about it .
Just going to work , to being part of the show called “ Lost . ” Getting to play Desmond Hume , you know .
When I read the other scripts that are coming in or stuff that I ’m up for , nothing really compares .
He ’s such a rich character , it ’s going to be hard to top .
Jen : I read that you and you family are staying in Hawaii .
Do you have a time table for how long you will stay , or is it just indefinite ?
Cusick : I ’d like to stay until my eldest son graduates from high school .
He ’s 16 .
He ’s got two more years .
And then we ’ll see what happens .
As always , as an actor , I just sort of always play it by ear and , you know , there ’s nothing set .
It ’s all open to whatever turns up .
Jen : I guess you ’re used to that because that ’s been the lifestyle .
Cusick :
Here ’s part of the thing I was thinking : I used to be used to it .
For the past five , four - and - a half years , I ’ve been used to going to work or not going to work , but knowing that work was there .
And that ’s one of the things that kind of affected me .
Wow , I was kind of getting used to that work thing .
And now I ’m going to have to go back out and find a job and it might only be for two weeks or three months , and it may not be a long gig .
So that ’s having its effect on me .
But that ’s good .
Because I never ever wanted to be in a regular job in anything , so that ’s probably a good thing .
Jen :
Is there any other character on " Lost " that you would have wanted to portray ?
Cusick : I think we all get asked that and everyone sort of goes for the John Locke , Ben Linus characters .
I have to say I ’m very happy with Desmond .
I think I got a pretty cool character .
I would n’t want to swap him for any other character .
For me , it ’s the best character I ’ve ever played .
Certainly the longest I ’ve ever been in a job and the richest character I ’ve ever played .
Jen :
Do you have any idea what you next project might be or are you still mulling things over ?
Cusick : No . Nothing yet .
I ’m just reading some scripts .
I ’m not in a rush to make a decision .
I ’m looking for something that can surpass or equal “ Lost . ”
And that ’s not going to be easy to find .
Under McChrystal , Drone Strikes in Afghanistan Quietly Rise as Civilian Casualties Drop
Created : January 14 , 2010 09:11 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Last week ’s [ two drone strikes ] ( http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-fg-afghan-missiles13-2010jan13,0,3404492.story?track=rss&utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed:+latimes/news/nationworld/world+(L.A.+Times+-+World+News\)) in Afghanistan rattled journalists .
Did n’t Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan , sharply restrict offensive air strikes ?
Laura King , reporting from Kabul for the Los Angeles Times , [ wondered ] ( http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-fg-afghan-missiles13-2010jan13,0,3404492.story?track=rss&utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed:+latimes/news/nationworld/world+(L.A.+Times+-+World+News\)) if the two strikes , occurring in rapid succession , “ signaled what could be a change of tactics against Taliban fighters . ”
According to McChrystal ’s command , however , there is no change in tactics .
Or , rather , the only change in tactics is an increase in drone strikes under his six - month old command from his predecessor .
Overall airstrikes , particularly from piloted aircraft , are indeed down under McChrystal .
But “ the two - in - one - day strikes you saw the other day may have been unusual from a press release standpoint , ” McChrystal spokesman Tadd Sholtis , an Air Force lieutenant colonel , emailed , “ but it was n’t an operational aberration . ”
Indeed , according to data provided by Sholtis , the first half of January has seen six airstrikes from remotely piloted aircraft ( RPA ) like the Reaper .
December 2009 featured 14 so - called RPA strikes ; while under McChrystal ’s predecessor , Gen. David McKiernan , December 2008 featured three .
From Sholtis , here ’s the full monthly breakdown of those drone strikes since McChrystal took command in Afghanistan this summer , as compared to the previous year :
July 2009 : 13 — July 2008 : 15
August 2009 : 14 — August 2008 : 11
September 2009 : 8 — September 2008 : 5
October 2009 : 11 — October 2008 : 12
November 2009 : 23 — November 2008 : 12
December 2009 : 14 — December 2008 : 3
January 1 – January 14 , 2009 : 6 — January 2008 : 3
The spike in recent months compared to the previous year looks like the result of a combination of factors .
First , the increased operational tempo of U.S. troops fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan ’s south and east , despite the ( increasingly less relevant ) traditional winter lull .
Second , senior military leaders like Central Command ’s Gen. David Petraeus and Iraq ’s Gen. Raymond Odierno have spoken for months about accelerating the transfer of combat - support assets like surveillance drones to Afghanistan ; and those drones can be outfitted with Hellfire missiles .
“ More strikes by these aircraft is probably best understood as a function of more ISR [ intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance ] - and - strike capable assets flowing to the theater , ” Sholtis said .
And finally , the precision capabilities contained within the remotely - piloted drones satisfy McChrystal ’s guidance for a “ a higher degree of certainty , patience and restraint in employing air strikes , ” in Sholtis ’ phrase .
Or , as a Marine officer quoted in The Washington Post put it , “ It has pinpoint precision , and it limits collateral damage . ”
And that ’s the most important aspect of the increase in drone usage : it has occurred during an internationally validated reduction in U.S. / NATO - attributable civilian casualties .
A United Nations report released yesterday determined that the U.S. and its allies are responsible for 28 percent fewer civilian deaths in Afghanistan in 2009 than in 2008 , a drop that the U.N. specifically attributed to McChrystal ’s instructions to prioritize the protection of Afghan civilians .
It looks like McChrystal ’s command has found the sweet spot : an increase in aerial lethality that does not result in significant collateral damage .
For more on the air war in Afghanistan and McChrystal ’s role in it , I ca n’t recommend this recent Wired piece by Noah Shachtman highly enough .
A new industry group is trying to apply open - source principles to the design and construction of data centers , which it says could accelerate the use of new technologies and increase competition in the industry .
The Open Source Data Center Initiative , announced this week , will act as a repository and test bed for mechanical and engineering advances in data - center design , which it hopes will be submitted by small engineering firms , graduate students doing research with federal grant money , and others .
[ Stay ahead of the key tech business news with InfoWorld 's Today 's Headlines : First Look newsletter . ]
The group has enlisted a high - profile adviser in the form of Michael Manos , who used to run Microsoft 's global data center operations and is now building Nokia 's cloud infrastructure .
His enthusiasm for the effort stems partly from what he sees as a lack of motivation among established engineering firms to rethink how data centers are built .
The data center industry is " dominated by a handful of large engineering houses " that are wedded to mechanical and engineering designs that are " largely considered proprietary , " he said .
Those companies do n't have enough incentive to educate their customers about simpler , more standardized alternatives , he said .
" When you think of all the great things we 've been talking about at data center conferences , about moving to greener designs and driving efficiency with new technologies -- a lot of that innovation is being held back because competition for those ideas is not out there , " Manos said .
The group will also play an educational role , he said .
It will publish real - world data about the cost of implementing projects , such as a fresh - air cooling system , so that customers have " more transparency " when making decisions .
Manos is helping to assemble a team of advisers , mostly from the end - user community , who will steer the group 's research by highlighting common problems , particularly related to energy efficiency .
" We have been able to put together quite a team of industry heavyweights to get involved in this effort , " he wrote in a blog post .
" Those announcements are forthcoming , and when they [ are made ] , I think you will get a sense of the type of sea- change this effort could potentially have . "
The group was founded by Dave Ohara , a former engineer with Hewlett - Packard , Apple , and Microsoft who now runs the Green Data Center Blog .
He has partnered with the University of Missouri , which will provide administrative support , and ARG Investment , which is building a data center in Missouri where it says it will test some of the new technologies proposed .
The project is in its early stages and questions remain about how it will operate .
To be successful , open - source projects need " pretty widespread participation , " said Joe Polastre , CTO of Sentilla , which makes tools for monitoring energy use in data centers .
" One of my biggest questions is what will motivate people to open up and share what they are doing , " he said .
One incentive to participate , Manos said , is that it will give smaller engineering firms access to a pool of engineering resources that could help them compete for business with more established players .
" They can say , ' This is an open source , certified design , and here 's an example of where it has been implemented before , ' " he said .
Ohara said participation could help construction companies expand the role they play in new data - center projects , increasing competition .
" If they had this knowledge and information , the construction industry guys could get involved in a project earlier on , versus being handed the drawings at the end and being told to go build it , " he said .
Not surprisingly , large engineering firms reject the idea that they are holding back the industry .
Bruce Edwards , president of CCG Facilities Integration , one of the largest engineering companies , said data centers have seen significant innovation in the last 10 years , in areas such as electrical power delivery and cooling .
" It 's not like we 're sitting there parceling out the work ; we 're at each others throats , " he said .
He also questioned the need for another industry group .
" The idea that a nonprofit , collaborative , noncompetitive model will be a powerful engine to drive innovation -- I 'm not convinced of it at this point , " Edwards said .
The alliance says it does n't aim to compete with groups like the Green Grid Forum and the Uptime Institute , but that it is frustrated with the rate of progress .
" These groups have been out espousing best practices for years , " Manos wrote in his blog .
" They do a great job of highlighting the challenges we face , but for the most part have waited around for universal good will and monetary pressures to make them happen .
It dawned on us that there was another way . "
KABUL -- The suicide bomber who killed eight Americans , including seven CIA officers , this week might have been able to get through multiple layers of security at the U.S. compound aided by an Afghan informant with the agency , a Western official said Friday .
If this is true , it suggests insurgents had turned the tables on the CIA and been able to place their own agents close to the facility the CIA used to cultivate informants .
On ...
Bill and Melinda Gates have announced one of the biggest charitable donations in history – an unprecedented $ 10 bn ( £ 6.24 bn ) investment in vaccines for children in poor countries over the next decade .
Speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos , the Microsoft founder called for " a decade of vaccines " to reduce child mortality dramatically by 2020 .
The money will save an estimated 8 million lives , the couple say .
It will pay for a big push to step up coverage of existing vaccines , such as for diphtheria , tetanus and whooping cough , and new ones for pneumonia and diarrhoeal diseases , which are big killers of small children .
The Gates Foundation has made child immunisation the cornerstone of its work in the developing world .
" Vaccines are a miracle – with just a few doses , they can prevent deadly diseases for a lifetime , " said Melinda Gates .
" We 've made vaccines our number one priority at the Gates Foundation because we 've seen first hand their incredible impact on children 's lives . "
The biggest charitable donation in history was from Warren Buffett , at the time the second wealthiest man in the world after Bill Gates , and the Gates Foundation was the recipient .
Buffet gave $ 30 billion to help the foundation 's work in the developing world .
Bill and Melinda Gates have already committed a total of $ 4.5 bn to the research , development and delivery of various vaccines .
They have shown great interest in scientific and technological solutions to the problems of disease and development .
The couple also fund work towards an Aids vaccine , which is still a long way off .
Big progress has been made in other disease areas , however .
Last week the New England Journal of Medicine published the results of two studies , one in Mexico and the other in Africa , that showed a vaccine against rotavirus was effective not only at reducing cases of severe diarrhoea in under - fives but also cut deaths .
The foundation is also following a malaria vaccine that is in late stage trials in Africa .
Results look as though it will be only 50 - 60 % effective , but that could still save many thousands of lives on the continent .
Scaling up existing vaccine coverage in the developing world , plus pneumonia and rotavirus vaccines , to 90 % will prevent 7.6 million deaths between 2010 and 2019 , the foundation estimates .
It says introducing the malaria vaccine from 2014 could save an additional 1.1 million children .
The $ 10bn will go to the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunisation ( GAVI ) , launched at Davos 10 years ago to find finance for vaccination programmes in developing countries .
It has reached 257 million additional children with new and underused vaccines so far , which it estimates will prevent 5 million deaths .
It will focus on introducing rotavirus and pneumonia vaccines .
GlaxoSmithKline , the British company researching the malaria vaccines , said it hoped GAVI would arrange a financing package once the trials were complete .
Its chief executive , Andrew Witty , has pledged to take only a minimal profit , to be reinvested in malaria research .
[ Since this article was published , GAVI has contacted the Guardian to say that the $ 10bn will not all be channelled through GAVI .
The original foundation announcement that the money would go to vaccines covered research and development , production and delivery .
GAVI noted that it deals with delivery only , and does not yet know what funds will be dedicated to this . ]
So the Foundation would need to break it down , but frankly I do n't think they have begun to break it down yet .
Although Bill and Melinda Gates 's donation is huge , they and others have stressed that billions more are needed to step up vaccinations in poor countries to a level where all children will get the protection they need .
" The Gates Foundation 's commitment to vaccines is unprecedented but just a small part of what is needed , " said Margaret Chan , director general of the World Health Organisation .
" It 's absolutely crucial that both governments and the private sector step up efforts to provide lifesaving vaccines to children who need them most . "
• This article was amended on 1 February and 3 February 2010 .
The original referred to diptheria .
This has been corrected .
The article has been updated with a later clarification from GAVI about its share of the $ 10bn donation .
Move over Ricky Martin .
The hunky Latin - pop singer who announced last month that he is gay has company : veteran Christian musician Jennifer Knapp .
In interviews with Christianity Today and Advocate.com , Knapp , 33 , a Dove Award - winning folk rock singer , acknowledges that the rumors are true : she 's in a same - sex relationship .
" I do n't want to come off as somebody who 's shirking the truth in my life , " she tells Christianity Today .
She calls the rumors that she left music for a seven - year sabbatical because she was a lesbian ...
... a straw ( in my decision ) , but there were many straws on the camel 's back at the time .
I 'm certainly in a same - sex relationship now , but when I suspended my work , that was n't even really a factor .
I had some difficult decisions to make and what that meant for my life and deciding to invest in a same - sex relationship , but it would be completely unfair to say that 's why I left music .
Knapp says in the interview that she 's " absolutely " felt pressure to choose between her faith and her gay feelings .
Everyone around me made it absolutely clear that this is not an option for me , to invest in this other person , and for me to choose to do so would be a denial of my faith .
Scripture , she adds , has been her salvation .
The Bible has literally saved my life .
I find myself between a rock and a hard place -- between the conservative evangelical who uses what most people refer to as the ' clobber verses ' to refer to this loving relationship as an abomination , while they 're eating shellfish and wearing clothes of five different fabrics , and various other Scriptures we could argue about .
I 'm not capable of getting into the theological argument as to whether or not we should or should n't allow homosexuals within our church .
There 's a spirit that overrides that for me , and ( that is ) what I 've been gravitating to in Christ and why I became a Christian in the first place .
In the Advocate interview , Knapp says she knows her coming out is " going to be shocking and feel like a betrayal to some people " who have been fans .
Still , " I 'm quite comfortable to live with parts of myself that do n't make sense to you . "
Her new CD Letting
Go is set for release on May 10 , and she has begun touring , but Knapp tells Christianity Today that her public revelation is not motivated by political activism .
I 'm in no way capable of leading a charge for some kind of activist movement .
I 'm just a normal human being who 's dealing with normal everyday life scenarios .
As a Christian , I 'm doing that as best as I can .
The heartbreaking thing to me is that we 're all hopelessly deceived if we do n't think that there are people within our churches , within our communities , who want to hold on to the person they love , whatever sex that may be , and hold on to their faith .
Do you think Christians who publicly acknowledge that they 're gay must choose between their faith and a loving relationship , as Jennifer Knapp says she 's felt pressure to do ?
-- By Michelle Healy , USA TODAY
But there are more satellites up there than just US ones
It seems , to be fair , that the military was probably just as disappointed in the shuttle as civil space enthusiasts were .
Unlike the civil space programme , however , the US Air Force is carrying on with the spaceplane idea .
The " concepts of operations " which the Rapid Capabilities Office hopes for out of the X - 37B seem likely to focus on the same things the Air Force originally wanted from the Shuttle : mainly the ability to recover horrifyingly expensive surveillance hardware from space for repairs , replenishment of manoeuvring fuel and / or upgrading .
Possession of a larger X - 37B , for instance , would have avoided the international furore which resulted two years ago when the US government decided to shoot a crippled spy sat out of orbit with a missile - defence interceptor rather than allow it to fall into the atmosphere uncontrolled .
Retrieval capability alone might justify the Air Force continuing with X - 37B and possible larger successors , depending what the secret running costs of the " black " space programme actually are .
However the design of the robot spaceplane , coupled with the talk of improved heat shielding , suggests that sneaky , low profile cross - range re-entries may also be a card the US military yet aspires to have up its sleeve .
If you want to get out into the wilder speculative realms you could postulate a mission lifting off to retrieve , not a US satellite , but someone else 's .
The initial launch would be explained as delivery of a normal secret payload , but in fact the spaceplane would lift empty , scoop up its target on one pass and return to land on a " Mission 3B " style profile without ever flying above a hostile telescope or radar station .
The owners of the sat - napped spacecraft , out of sight on the other side of the world , would never know what had happened to their kit .
Less aggressively , missions of this sort might instead make a close pass by opposition spacecraft without anyone knowing about it - maybe just to get a good visual or electronic look at them , or perhaps to interfere with them in some suitably deniable way .
This sort of thing would perhaps be practical with the existing X - 37B ; there 'd be no need for a larger follow - on craft .
The US itself is known to be quite paranoid about this sort of thing being done to its own satellites : it is spending a lot of money on kit which would let a satellite 's operators know what was happening to it in such an event ( normally it would simply go mysteriously offline ) and on dedicated guardian sats intended to watch over other US spacecraft even when they 're above other people 's airspace .
In general one can be sure that if the US military is worried about being done to , it is also thinking of ways to do unto others as well .
So perhaps the Iranians are right - maybe the X - 37B is in fact intended as a space fighter or interceptor of sorts .
There 's a US Air Force factsheet on the robot spaceplane here .
Readers may also be interested to note that a second X - 37B has already been ordered by the USAF . ®
* The White Knight is best known for carrying the Ansari X - Prize winning suborbital rocketplane SpaceShipOne up to ignition height .
It has also carried out a lot of other , less visible work for various US government customers .
Jeffrey Kaye , Ph.D , a San Fransisco psychologist , on the ‘ unreported existence of psychologist ’s notes as a standard part of the interrogation protocol ’ .
by Jeffrey Kaye
25 Apr 2010 | Truthout
One interesting nugget found in newly released C.I.A. documents related to the destruction of 92 torture tapes concerns the unreported existence of psychologist ’s notes as a standard part of the interrogation protocol .
In a “ top secret ” paper ( undated ) entitled “ The C.I.A . Interrogation of Abu Zubaydah , March 2001 – January 2003 , ” in a section that , though heavily redacted , describes the review of the tapes by a C.I.A. attorney from the Office of General Counsel , “ interrogation materials ” are described as consisting of “ videotapes , logbook , notebook , and psychologist ’s notes . ”
( The “ March 2001 ” date on the report is surely incorrect , and should say March 2002 , when Zubaydah was captured and brought into the C.I.A. interrogation process .
There are many errors and outright lies in the report .
One of them concerns the affirmative statement that Zubaydah was “ the author of a seminal Al Qaeda manual on resistance to interrogation methods . ”
This is a step beyond the conditional language used to assert the same claim in other C.I.A. documents .
The al - Qaeda manual ’s authorship is considered unknown .
It was discovered in May 2000 on a computer drive belonging to Anas al - Liby in Manchester , England .
Al - Liby was reportedly working then with purported double or triple agent , FBI informant and former U.S. Special Forces member , Ali Mohamed .
Al - Liby himself , was , according to a November 2002 story in the U.K. Guardian , a member of a Libyan al - Qaeda cell that was paid by British intelligence in 1996 to attempt an assassination of Muammar Gaddafi . )
The content of those psychologist notes , should they become available , will indicate to what end C.I.A. interrogators and / or behavioral scientists were measuring the responses of Zubaydah or other prisoners to variations in the interrogation techniques ’ application .
Variables of interest to C.I.A. psychologists might include head movements and hand movements , facial expressions or microexpressions , used in detecting deception or behavioral manifestations of stress .
These types of observation are synonymous with computer analysis and argue for the use of a digital video system or the transfer of analog video into data stored on magnetic or optical media .
The same release of documents to the A.C.L.U. [ American Civil Liberties Union ] that contained the “ The C.I.A. Interrogation of Abu Zubaydah , ” also described C.I.A. officials asking for “ instructions ” regarding the “ disposition of hard drives and magnetic media ” associated with the torture of Zubaydah .
In his or her notes , the C.I.A. psychologist - analyst also would be describing mood ; affect ( appropriate or not , what it was ) ; observed variations in consciousness , including instances of possible dissociation ; and particularly unusual behaviors ( e.g. , urinating on oneself , or continually masturbating , as Zubaydah was reported to do as a soothing activity for a person highly stressed and regressed ) .
The examination of psychological variables , such as could be determined upon videotape review , does not rule out other forms of data that could be drawn from the prisoner interrogations .
The C.I.A. has noted that it took preliminary medical examinations of prisoners , and that while they were subjected to “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” they were medically and psychologically monitored daily .
Such medical forms of monitoring would include variables associated with the experience of “ uncontrollable stress . ”
Studying “ Uncontrollable Stress ” and “ Learned Helplessness “
In a number of professional studies , the terms “ uncontrollable stress ” and “ learned helplessness ” are used interchangeably , as in this example .
The term learned helplessness itself was fashioned by psychologist , researcher and former American Psychological ( A.P.A. ) President Martin Seligman .
The theory was taken up by military psychologists James Mitchell and Bruce Jessen to describe the kinds of effects on prisoners the enhanced interrogation techniques were meant to produce .
While Seligman spoke to a SERE meeting in 2002 on the subject of learned helplessness , he denies he had any connection with the formation of the Bush - era torture program .
Last August , Scott Shane of The New York Times reported that Mitchell visited Seligman ’s home , accompanied by C.I.A. psychologist Kirk Hubbard , where “ a small group of professors and law enforcement and intelligence officers gathered … to brainstorm about Muslim extremism . ”
C.I.A. and Department of Defense ( DoD ) researchers are known to have experimented ( including upon SERE mock torture trainees ) with the use of a number of techniques to measure such uncontrollable stress , including functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) , acoustic startle eye - blink response ( ASER ) , heart rate variability ( H.R.V. ) , testosterone and neuroendrocrine sampling , particularly of cortisol and neuropeptide -Y ( N.P.Y . ) .
Psychologist ’s notes might also include preliminary hypotheses in relation to these reactions and the psychological theories of learned helplessness that were driving the interrogations .
Perhaps — and this would be even more important — we would discover evidence that the psychologist (s ) were conjuring suggestions about ways to manipulate the situation on a day - by - day basis .
From what is known or speculated about a second taping system used in the interrogation of Zubaydah , it seems likely that psychologist notes were also an integral part of the process involved in the use of those tapes .
The specific use of psychologist ’s notes corroborates earlier information that ongoing psychological and medical observations were playing a key role in the C.I.A. interrogation process .
This was clearly revealed in the various Office of Legal Counsel memos released last year .
According to a report by Sheri Fink at ProPublica in May 2009 , descriptions of C.I.A. cables released to the A.C.L.U. at that time ( see PDFs here and here ) showed that “ medical update[s ] ” and “ behavioral comments ” regarding the interrogation of Zubaydah were sent from C.I.A. personnel in the “ field ” to C.I.A. headquarters on a daily basis .
Fink elaborates :
On five occasions between Aug. 4 and Aug. 9 , [ 2002 ] an additional cable was sent containing “ medical information ” along with such information as the strategies for interrogation sessions , raw intelligence , the use of interrogation techniques to elicit information , and the reactions to those techniques .
The fact that medical information was included in these cables hints that Abu Zubaydah was medically monitored during or after being subjected to those techniques .
Both professional organizations and human rights groups have rejected as unethical any monitoring role for medical personnel .
A number of psychologists have been associated with the C.I.A. interrogation program , either directly through participation in the planning and implementation of the torture , or by supporting the presence of psychologists in the interrogation process .
The latter issue embroiled the A.P.A. in a controversy that led to the exodus of many members .
A number of the presidents and other prominent members of the A.P.A. have been connected in one way or another to the C.I.A. and DoD interrogation programs , in clear violation of the organization ’s own ethical standards .
Last August , Physicians for Human Rights released a white paper that raised the question of medical collaboration with the C.I.A. in constructing its torture interrogation program .
“ The [ C.I.A . ]
Inspector General ’s report confirms much of what had been reported about the essential role played by health professionals in designing , deploying , monitoring and legitimizing the program of torture , but also raises disturbing new questions which require further investigation , ” stated the study “ Aiding Torture : Health Professionals ’ Ethics and Human Rights Violations Demonstrated in the May 2004 C.I.A. Inspector General ’s Report . ”
“ The possibility that health professionals monitored techniques to assess and improve their effectiveness , constituting possible unethical human experimentation , urgently needs to be thoroughly investigated . ”
Jeffrey Kaye , a psychologist living in Northern California , writes regularly on torture and other subjects for Firedoglake .
He also maintains a personal blog , Invictus .
His email address is sfpsych at gmail dot com .
I ’m not sure what version I played just now , but my thoughts :
I like mid-point , glad to hear the latest release removes the snowing effect as it was really annoying .
Second point is too cramped , with too many entrances in one small space .
Last point is n’t too bad , I ca n’t judge it particularly as by the time we got to last point there was never a proper defence setup – perhaps some more distance between cp2 + cp1 is required .
I like the actual cp 1 ( ie . how you can stand on it and sticky it off badlands style , but shoot from behind the point as well ) .
I ’d be interested to see how it plays if these issues were resolved .
Congratulations to all the 2010 Hugo Nominees , including some favorites I 've reviewed here : Robert Charles Wilson 's Julian Comstock , Cherie Priest 's Boneshaker , Ian McDonald 's " Vishnu at the Cat Circus " ( from Cyberabad Days ) and Paolo Bacigalupi's The Windup Girl .
BEST NOVEL ( 699 nominating ballots )
Boneshaker by Cherie Priest ( Tor )
The City & The City by China Miéville ( Del Rey ; Macmillan UK )
Julian Comstock : A Story of 22nd - Century America by Robert Charles Wilson ( Tor )
Palimpsest by Catherynne M. Valente ( Bantam Spectra )
Wake by Robert J. Sawyer ( Ace ; Penguin ; Gollancz ; Analog )
The Windup Girl by Paolo Bacigalupi ( Night Shade )
BEST NOVELLA ( 375 nominating ballots )
" Act One " by Nancy Kress ( Asimov's 3/09 )
The God Engines by John Scalzi ( Subterranean )
" Palimpsest " by Charles Stross ( Wireless )
Shambling Towards Hiroshima by James Morrow ( Tachyon )
" Vishnu at the Cat Circus " by Ian McDonald ( Cyberabad Days )
The Women of Nell Gwynne 's by Kage Baker ( Subterranean )
BEST NOVELETTE ( 402 nominating ballots )
" Eros , Philia , Agape " by Rachel Swirsky ( Tor.com 3/09 )
" The Island " by Peter Watts ( The New Space Opera 2 )
" It Takes Two " by Nicola Griffith ( Eclipse Three )
" One of Our Bastards is Missing " by Paul Cornell ( The Solaris Book of New Science Fiction : Volume Three )
" Overtime " by Charles Stross ( Tor.com 12/09 )
" Sinner , Baker , Fabulist , Priest ; Red Mask , Black Mask , Gentleman , Beast " by Eugie Foster ( Interzone 2/09 )
BEST SHORT STORY ( 432 nominating ballots )
" The Bride of Frankenstein " by Mike Resnick ( Asimov 's 12/09 )
" Bridesicle " by Will McIntosh ( Asimov 's 1/09 )
" The Moment " by Lawrence M. Schoen ( Footprints )
" Non-Zero Probabilities " by N.K. Jemisin ( Clarkesworld 9/09 )
" Spar " by Kij Johnson ( Clarkesworld 10/09 )
( CNN ) -- A California man pleaded no contest to voluntary manslaughter with the use of a gun Tuesday in the shooting death of a man who he claimed sexually abused him as a teen , a prosecutor said .
The plea comes less than a week before Aaron Vargas ' first - degree murder trial was supposed to start for the slaying of Darrell McNeill , a neighbor from his childhood and a family friend whom Vargas claims began molesting him when he was 11 years old .
Under the terms of a plea deal , Vargas , now 32 , faces anywhere from probation to 10 years in prison for shooting the former Boy Scout leader and local businessman last year in his home in the Northern California community of Fort Bragg .
Lawyers will return to court April 20 to place a statement of facts on the record before Judge Ronald Brown decides on the final sentence .
" There 's some relief that we know we wo n't lose him for the rest of his life , but there 's also a lot of anxiety about what the judge is going to do , " said Vargas ' sister , Mindy Galliani .
" I wo n't have closure until he 's home , " she added .
" But even when he 's home , it 's still not going to be closure .
We need to get him into treatment so he can get help .
I feel like this is only the beginning . "
Since his arrest , Vargas ' family has waged a tireless campaign to reduce the charges and raise awareness over child sex abuse , earning support from members of the community and giving rise to more sex abuse allegations against McNeill .
McNeill used his position as a Boy Scout troop leader and as active neighborhood father to win the trust of Vargas and other young boys , Galliani said .
He took the boys on camping trips or hikes , gave them alcohol or drugs and molested them , Galliani alleged .
The alleged sexual abuse waned as Vargas grew into adulthood , but McNeill continued to call him and visit the home where Vargas lived with his wife and infant daughter .
The continued contact drove Vargas to the breaking point , his sister said .
Vargas was under the influence of alcohol the night of February 8 , 2009 , when he drove to McNeill 's mobile home with a loaded gun and shot him in front of his wife , Mendocino County Assistant District Attorney Elizabeth Norman said .
The prosecutor said she consulted with the victim 's family and reached what they thought a jury may have found -- that his level of intoxication placed the crime more along the lines of an " emotional decision rather than an intentional first - degree murder . "
Norman said she has received four reports of sexual abuse involving McNeill , which factored into the decision to strike a plea deal even though she could not prove they were true .
" When you have other victims coming forward , that does lend credibility to that scenario , " she said .
" These people have written me letters and said this has happened , and I have no way of showing this has happened , but it has been put out there . "
The slaying victim's wife , who lived next door to Vargas ' family and has known the defendant since he was a child , said she had no reason to doubt his claims of abuse .
" I love this young man and feel he needs counseling more than anything , " McNeill 's wife said in an e-mail .
She requested that her name not be published .
" I cannot condone what Aaron has done , but I do understand it .
I believe he took the wrong avenue by taking the law into his own hands .
Like most of this community , I do not feel he deserves 50 years in prison .
Unlike most of this community , I feel he should serve some time , but not much . "
The case , with its suggestions of long - buried secrets , has rocked Fort Bragg , a former logging community that has become a coastal tourist destination .
Another longtime Fort Bragg resident has come out publicly with allegations of abuse against McNeill .
" I was a reserved kid , some considered me a loner ; I just kind of kept to myself as a kid , and he would play on that , " Todd Rowan said in an interview in March .
" He 'd give me pot and beer , and he'd get me stoned and a little drunk , and he took advantage of me that way . "
Rowan said the abuse began when he was 15 and continued on and off until he was 19 , but the emotional trauma lingered for years , driving him to substance abuse and suicide attempts .
He said he brought the allegations to Fort Bragg Police in 2001 but nothing happened .
" All those years , I wanted to forget about and push it away with alcohol because you 're supposed to be a man .
And then , when police did n't do anything , that pushed me even further down the hole . "
Repeated calls for comment to the Fort Bragg Police Department and the Mendocino Sheriff , which handled the investigation of McNeill 's death , were not returned .
Rowan said his ability to stay sober for more than two years braced him for news of McNeill 's death .
" When I got news that he'd been shot , the first thing I thought was , ' who got him ?
Somebody got him .
Who else did he do it to ? ' "
McNeill 's second wife , Jenny Cotila , who divorced him in 1980 , said she also went to Fort Bragg Police in the 1990s after she was told that her ex-husband had sexually abused her son years ago .
" It could 've been stopped a long time ago but the police did n't take me seriously when I reported it because they said the statute of limitations was up by the time I found out what happened to my son , " Cotila said in a phone interview Tuesday .
Cotila said she has long felt indifference toward her ex-husband but worried about the effects of his death and the abuse allegations were having on their children , now adults .
" It 's hard for them to cope because they 're friends with Aaron , they knew him , " said Cotila .
" Darrell 's their father and he 's their friend .
They 're having a hard time separating their father from the pedophile . "
Members of the community also expressed shock that a " normal " guy like McNeill , a small business owner who installed the blinds in your home after you bought them at his furniture store , was capable of such horrific acts right under their noses .
" Here we have this man , and he 's being the normal , small - town businessman , and he 's following all the cultural paths available and all the norms , so when you have people coming forward and saying this man is doing something to me that 's outside the norm , there 's a tendency to not listen closely or to ignore it , " said Jeff Edwards , a hospital employee who has lived in Fort Bragg most of his life .
" I guess we are to blame in a way , for thinking that this could never happen in our town . "
In the neverending saga of new disclosure of gold price manipulation , here is the most recent pearl , courtesy of Jesse 's Cafe Americain : " In front of 3 witnesses , Bank of England Governor Eddie George spoke to Nicholas J. Morrell ( CEO of Lonmin Plc ) after the Washington Agreement gold price explosion in Sept / Oct 1999 .
Mr. George said " We looked into the abyss if the gold price rose further .
A further rise would have taken down one or several trading houses , which might have taken down all the rest in their wake .
Therefore at any price , at any cost , the central banks had to quell the gold price , manage it .
It was very difficult to get the gold price under control but we have now succeeded .
The US Fed was very active in getting the gold price down .
So was the U.K . "
Makes one wonder just how much the gold price was pushed down today alone to make Gordon Brown 's most recent budget reception a little more palatable .
It also confirms yet again , that there is no such thing as an unmanipulated gold market .
Lastly , it demands the question : on how many other occasions has the UK 's massively unpopular prime minister sacrificed his people 's interest merely to make criminal organizations such as AIG whole ?
Jesse also speculates that Gordon Brown sold UK 's gold at the lowest price in the past 20 years , a thorny topic touched upon earlier by the Telegraph , simply to bail out mega banking empire Rothschild and , surprise , AIG , as well as who knows how many other members of the LBMA :
There is also a credible speculation that the sale was designed to benefit a few of the London based bullion banks which were heavily short the precious metals , and were looking for a push down in price and a boost in supply to cover their positions and avoid a default .
The unlikely names mentioned were AIG , which was trading heavily in precious metals , and the House of Rothschild .
The terms of the bailout was that once their positions were covered , they were to leave the LBMA , the largest physical bullion market in the world .
" LONDON , June 1 , 2004 ( Reuters ) -- AIG International Ltd. , part of American International Group Inc. , will no longer be a London Bullion Market Association ( LBMA ) market maker in gold and silver , the LBMA said on Tuesday . "
LONDON , April 14 , 2004 ( Reuters ) — NM Rothschild & Sons Ltd. , the London - based unit of investment bank Rothschild , will withdraw from trading commodities , including gold , in London as it reviews its operations , it said on Wednesday .
The manner in which the sale was conducted , and the speed at which it was undertaken , without consultation of the Bank of England , made many of the City of London 's financiers a bit uneasy .
While this had been reported previously on many times , most notably by Ron Paul back in 2002 , it does beg the question under what circumstances will the Federal Reserve finally acknowledge that it is constantly manipulating gold prices lower to benefit JPM and other members of the LBMA whose short positions will likely blow them if the fair price of gold is attained , but also when will " gold bugs " finally stop being ridiculed for their assertions that the gold market is manipulated in light of glaring evidence on a day to day basis .
Lastly , when will the people of the UK demand some justice from their Prime Minister , whose borderline act of treason merely to bailout a few financial institutions , set the precedent which Paulson and Geithner , not to mention the Fed , but they have always been there , have so well immitated .
As for Brown , the Telegraph says it all :
The decision to sell the gold – taken by Mr Brown when he was Chancellor – is regarded as one of the Treasury 's worst financial mistakes and has cost taxpayers almost £ 7 billion .
Mr Brown and the Treasury have repeatedly refused to disclose information about the gold sale amid allegations that warnings were ignored .
Following a series of freedom of information requests from The Daily Telegraph over the past four years , the Information Commissioner has ordered the Treasury to release some details .
The Treasury must publish the information demanded within 35 calendar days – by the end of April .
The sale is expected to be become a major election issue , casting light on Mr Brown 's decisions while at the Treasury .
Hopefully once Brown has been dethroned , the American people follow suit and get rid of all those in charge of the Fed , the Treasury , the Congress , the Senate , and White House , and the one who runs it all - our very own Wall Street .
And just because it bears bringing back to the fore , now that it is without a trace of doubt , that the NY Fed will manipulate any and every market it can get its hands on , here is Ron Paul 's seminal 2002 Valentine 's Day speech :
Congressman Ron Paul
U.S. House of Representatives
February 14 , 2002
Mr. Speaker , I rise to introduce the Monetary Freedom and Accountability Act .
This simple bill takes a step toward restoring Congress ' constitutional authority over U.S. monetary policy by requiring congressional approval before the President or the Treasury secretary buys or sells gold .
Federal dealings in the gold market have the potential to seriously disrupt the free market by either artificially inflating or deflating the price of gold .
Given gold 's importance to America 's ( and the world 's ) monetary system , any federal interference in the gold market will have ripple effects through the entire economy .
For example , if the government were to intervene to artificially lower the price of gold , the result would be to hide the true effects of an inflationary policy until the damage was too severe to remain out of the public eye .
By artificially deflating the price of gold , federal intervention in the gold market can reduce the values of private gold holdings , adversely affecting millions of investors .
These investors rely on their gold holdings to protect them from the effects of our misguided fiat currency system .
Federal dealings in gold can also adversely affect those countries with large gold mines , many of which are currently ravished by extreme poverty .
Mr. Speaker , restoring a vibrant gold market could do more than any foreign aid program to restore economic growth to those areas .
While the Treasury denies it is dealing in gold , the Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee ( GATA ) has uncovered evidence suggesting that the Federal Reserve and the Treasury , operating through the Exchange - Stabilization Fund and in cooperation with major banks and the International Monetary Fund , have been interfering in the gold market with the goal of lowering the price of gold .
The purpose of this policy has been to disguise the true effects of the monetary bubble responsible for the artificial prosperity of the 1990s , and to protect the politically - powerful banks that are heavy invested in gold derivatives .
GATA believes federal actions to drive down the price of gold help protect the profits of these banks at the expense of investors , consumers , and taxpayers around the world .
GATA has also produced evidence that American officials are involved in gold transactions .
Alan Greenspan himself referred to the federal government 's power to manipulate the price of gold at hearings before the House Banking Committee and the Senate Agricultural Committee in July , 1998 : " Nor can private counterparts restrict supplies of gold , another commodity whose derivatives are often traded over - the - counter , where central banks stand ready to lease gold in increasing quantities should the price rise . "
[ Emphasis added ] .
Mr. Speaker , in order to allow my colleagues to learn more about this issue , I am enclosing " All that Glitters is Not Gold " by Kelly Patricia O'Meara , an investigative reporter from Insight magazine .
This article explains in detail GATA 's allegations of federal involvement in the gold market .
Mr. Speaker , while I certainly share GATA 's concerns over the effects of federal dealings in the gold market , my bill in no way interferes with the ability of the federal government to buy or sell gold .
It simply requires that before the executive branch engages in such transactions , Congress has the chance to review it , debate it , and approve it .
Given the tremendous effects on the American economy from federal dealings in the gold market , it certainly is reasonable that the people 's representatives have a role in approving these transactions , especially since Congress has a neglected but vital constitutional role in overseeing monetary policy .
Therefore , I urge all my colleagues to stand up for sound economics , open government , and Congress ' constitutional role in monetary policy by cosponsoring the Monetary Freedom and Accountability Act .
All That Glitters Is Not Gold
By Kelly Patricia O'Meara
Insight Magazine
March 4 , 2002 , edition
Even though Enron employees and the company 's accounting firm , Arthur Andersen , have destroyed mountains of documents , enough information remains in the ruins of the nation 's largest corporate bankruptcy to provide a clear picture of what happened to wreck what once was the seventh - largest U.S. corporation .
Obfuscation , secrecy , and accounting tricks appear to have catapulted the Houston - based trader of oil and gas to the top of the Fortune 100 , only to be brought down by the same corporate chicanery .
Meanwhile , Wall Street analysts and the federal government 's top bean counters struggle to convince the nation that the Enron crash is an isolated case , not in the least reflective of how business is done in corporate America .
But there are many in the world of high finance who are n't buying the official line and warn that Enron is just the first to fall from a shaky house of cards .
Many analysts believe that this problem is nowhere more evident than at the nation 's bullion banks , and particularly at the House of Morgan ( J.P. Morgan Chase ) .
One of the world 's leading banking institutions and a major international bullion bank , Morgan Chase has received heavy media attention in recent weeks both for its financial relationships with bankrupts Enron and Global Crossing Ltd. as well as the financial collapse of Argentina .
It is no secret that Morgan Chase was one of Enron 's biggest lenders , reportedly losing at least $ 600 million and , perhaps , billions .
The banking giant 's stock has gone south , and management has been called before its shareholders to explain substantial investments in highly speculative derivatives C hidden speculation of the sort that overheated and blew up on Enron .
In recent years Morgan Chase has invested much of its capital in derivatives , including gold and interest - rate derivatives , about which very little information is provided to shareholders .
Among the information that has been made available , however , is that as of June 2000 , J.P. Morgan reported nearly $ 30 billion of gold derivatives and Chase Manhattan Corp. , although merged with J.P. Morgan , still reported separately in 2000 that it had $ 35 billion in gold derivatives .
Analysts agree that the derivatives have exploded at this bank and that both positions are enormous relative to the capital of the bank and the size of the gold market .
It gets worse .
J.P. Morgan 's total derivatives position reportedly now stands at nearly $ 29 trillion , or three times the U.S. annual gross domestic product .
Wall Street insiders speculate that if the gold market were to rise , Morgan Chase could be in serious financial difficulty because of its " short positions " in gold .
In other words , if the price of
gold were to increase substantially , Morgan Chase and other bullion banks that are highly leveraged in gold would have trouble covering their liabilities .
One financial analyst , who asked not to be identified , explained the situation this way : " Gold is borrowed by Morgan Chase from the Bank of England at 1 percent interest and then Morgan Chase sells the gold on the open market , then reinvests the proceeds into interest - bearing vehicles at maybe 6 percent .
At some point , though , Morgan Chase must return the borrowed gold to the Bank of England , and if the price of gold were significantly to increase during any point in this process , it would make it prohibitive and potentially ruinous to repay the gold . "
Bill Murphy , chairman of the Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee , a nonprofit organization that researches and studies what he calls the " gold cartel " ( J.P. Morgan Chase , Deutsche Bank , Citigroup , Goldman Sachs , Bank for International Settlements ( BIS ) , the U.S. Treasury , and the Federal Reserve ) , and owner of www.LeMetropoleCafe.com, tells Insight that " Morgan Chase and other bullion banks are another Enron waiting to happen . "
Murphy says , " Enron occurred because the nature of their business was obscured , there was no oversight and someone was cooking the books .
Enron was deceiving everyone about their business operations C and the same thing is happening with the gold and bullion banks . "
According to Murphy , " The price of gold always has been a barometer used by many to determine the financial health of the United States .
A steady gold price usually is associated by the public and economic analysts as an indication or a reflection of the stability of the financial system .
Steady gold ; steady dollar .
Enron structured a financial system that put the company at risk and eventually took it down .
The same structure now exists at Morgan Chase with their own interest - rate / gold - derivatives position .
There is very little information available about its position in the gold market and , as with the case of Enron , it could easily bring them down . "
In December 2000 , attorney Reginald H. Howe , a private investor and proprietor of the Website www.goldensextant.com, which reports on gold , filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court in Boston .
Named as defendants were J.P. Morgan & Co. , Chase Manhattan Corp. , Citigroup Inc. , Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Deutsche Bank , Lawrence Summers ( former secretary of the Treasury ) , William McDonough ( president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ) , Alan Greenspan ( chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ) , and the BIS .
Howe 's claim contends that the price of gold has been manipulated since 1994 " by conspiracy of public officials and major bullion banks , with three objectives : 1 ) to prevent rising gold prices from sounding a warning on U.S. inflation ; 2 ) to prevent rising gold prices from signaling weakness in the international value of the dollar ; and 3 ) to prevent banks and others who have funded themselves through borrowing gold at low interest rates and are thus short physical gold from suffering huge losses as a consequence of rising gold prices . "
While all the defendants flatly deny participation in such a scheme , Howe 's case is being heard .
Howe tells
Insight he has provided the court with very compelling evidence to support his claim , including sworn testimony by Greenspan before the House Banking Committee in July 1998 .
Greenspan assured the committee , " Nor can private counterparties restrict supply of gold , another commodity whose derivatives are often traded over the counter , where central banks stand ready to lease gold in increasing quantities should the price rise . "
Howe and other " gold bugs " cite this as a virtual public announcement " that the price of gold had been and would continue to be controlled if necessary . "
According to Howe , " There is a great deal of evidence , but this is a very complicated issue .
The key , though , is the short position of the banks and their gold derivatives .
The central banks have ' leased ' gold for low returns to the bullion banks for the purpose of keeping the price of gold low .
Greenspan 's remarks in 1998 explain how the price of gold has been suppressed at times when it looked like the price of gold was increasing . "
Furthermore , Howe 's complaint also cites remarks made privately by Edward George , governor of the Bank of England and a director of the BIS , to Nicholas J. Morrell , chief executive of Lonmin Plc : " We looked into the abyss if the gold price rose further .
A further rise would have taken down one or several trading houses , which might have
taken down all the rest in their wake .
Therefore , at any price , at any cost , the central banks had to quell the gold price , manage it .
It was very difficult to get the gold price under control , but we have now succeeded .
The U.S. Fed was very active in getting the gold price down .
So was the U.K. [ United Kingdom ] . "
Whether the Fed and others in the alleged " gold cartel " have conspired to suppress the price of gold may , in the end , be secondary to the growing need for financial transparency .
Wall Street insiders agree that as long as regulators , analysts , accountants , and politicians can be lobbied and " corrupted " to permit special privileges , there will be more Enron - size failures .
Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Harvey L. Pitt , well aware of the seriousness of these problems , recently testified before the House Financial Services Committee that " it is my hope there are not other Enrons out there , but I 'm not willing to rely on hope . "
Robert Maltbie , chief executive officer of www.stockjock.com and an independent analyst , long has followed Morgan Chase .
He tells Insight that " there are a lot of things going on in these companies , but we do n't know for sure because much of what they 're doing is off the balance sheet .
The market is scared and crying out to see what 's under the hood .
Like Enron , much of what the banks are doing is off the balance sheet , and it's a time bomb ticking as we speak . "
Just what would happen if a bank the size of Morgan Chase were unable to meet its financial obligations ?
" It 's tough to go there , " Maltbie says , " because it could shake the financial markets to the core . "
With so much pallete work already done by Enve and Open , the goal with this build was to continue the clean aesthetics ...
This image shows NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity ( indicated by the arrow ) perched on the edge of " Concepción " crater in Meridiani Planum , Mars .
The image was acquired by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter on Feb. 13 , 2010 .
The dark rays seen emanating from the crater suggest it is a young feature .
NASA 's Mars rover Opportunity has found a Martian rockcovered in weird material as its odometer hit a major milestone this week , withthe long - lived robot completing equivalent to a half ?
marathon on the red planet .
Opportunity , now in its seventhyear on Mars , found the odd Mars rock during the past six weeks studying investigatinga crater called " Concepci ?n . "
The crater is about 33 feet ( 10 meters ) in diameter , with dark rays extending from it , as seen from orbit , which madeit a target of interest for rover inspection because they suggest the crater isyoung .
The rover made the pit stop to investigate the crater on itslong journey to the large crater Endeavour , which is still about 7 miles ( 12 km ) away .
It was while Opportunity was at Concepci ? n that the rover surpassed 12.43 miles ( 20 km ) of total driving , about the length of a half - marathon .
Opportunity has driven farther than any other wheeled robotto land on Mars .
Its robotic twin Spirit , which landed in January 2004 justweeks ahead of Opportunity , has driven about 4.8 miles ( 7.7 km ) , while NASA ?
sSojourner rover , a small robot that landed in 1997 , could only drive just abouta third of a mile ( about half a kilometer ) from the Pathfinder base it landedwith .
Mars rock oddity
With newsoftware that allows Opportunity to photograph rocks and other aspects ofthe Martian terrain and decide for itself what is worth closer inspection , therover took an up - close look at a few rocks ejected by the impact that created Concepci ?n .
What Opportunity has seen are chunks of the same type of bedrockit has seen at hundreds of locations since landing in January 2004 : soft , sulfate - rich sandstone holding harder peppercorn - size dark spheres like berriesin a muffin .
The little spheres , rich in iron , gained the nickname " blueberries . "
But these rocks have some unusual twists as well .
" It was clear from the images that Opportunity took onthe approach to Concepci ? n that there was strange stuff on lots of the rocksnear the crater , " said Steve Squyres of Cornell University in Ithaca , N.Y. , principal investigator for Opportunity and its twin rover , Spirit .
" There 's dark , grayish material coating faces of the rocks and fillingfractures in them .
At least part of it is composed of blueberries jammedtogether as close as you could pack them .
We 've never seen anything like thisbefore . "
Opportunity used tools on its robotic arm to examine thisunusual material on a rock called " Chocolate Hills . "
In some places , the layer of closely packed spheres lies between thinner , smoother layers .
" It looks like a blueberry sandwich , " said MattGolombek , a rover science - team member at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
Melted Mars rocks
Initial analysis of the coating 's composition does not showany obvious component from whatever space rock hit Mars to dig the crater , butthat is not a surprise , Golombek said .
" The impact is so fast , most of theimpactor vaporizes , " he said .
" Thin films of melt get thrown out , buttypically the composition of the melt is the stuff that the impactor hit , rather than the impactor material . "
The composition Opportunityfound for the dark coating material fits at least two hypotheses beingevaluated , and possibly others .
One is that the material resulted from partialmelting of blueberry - containing sandstone from the energy of the impact .
Another is that it formed from filling of fractures in this type of rock beforethe impact occurred .
" It 's possible that when you melt this rock , thesandstone melts before the blueberries do , leaving intact blueberries as partof a melt layer , " Squyres said .
" As an alternative , we know that thistype of rock has fractures and that the sandstone can dissolve .
Long ago , waterflowing through fractures could have dissolved the sandstone and liberatedblueberries that fell down into the fracture and packed together .
In thishypothesis , the impact that excavated the crater did not play a role in formingthis material , but split rocks along fractures so the material is exposed onthe exterior like a coating . "
Golombek said , " One consideration that jumps out isthat we 've been driving around this part of Mars for six years and never seenthis stuff before , then we get to this young crater and it's coating rocks allaround the crater .
Sure looks like there 's a connection , but it could just be acoincidence . "
The observation that the rocks thrown from the crater havenot yet eroded away much is evidence that the crater is young , confirming thesuggestion from the dark rays .
" We 're not ready to attach a number to it , but this isreally young .
It is the youngest crater we 've ever seen with Opportunity andprobably the youngest either rover has seen , " Squyres said .
The World from Berlin ' The Icelanders Are Right to Hold Their Ground '
Icelanders were out on the streets Sunday celebrating the results of a referendum that overwhelmingly rejected the reimbursement of Britain and the Netherlands for savings lost when Icesave collapsed .
German commentators say that Iceland is right .
After it was revealed yesterday that governor hopeful Carl Paladino had sent or forwarded a series of emails containing hardcore porn , racial slurs and videos of bestiality , he attempted to explain his actions to the press .
However , he did n't seem too apologetic .
YNN has a video of the conference , where he starts off saying , " I confess to being human and imperfect , as are all of God 's children .
I 'm not a racist and I say that even in some of the e-mails they have hacked from my computer . "
He went on to say , " I did n't originate any of these e-mails , OK ?
They were all re-sends .
When I received an email that was political or off - color or politically incorrect or whatever , I sent it to a very specific bunch of friends who somewhat enjoy that humor , " and his campaign manager labeled the scandal as a " liberal Democrat blog smear . "
The emails had such stereotypical email chain titles as " Blonde Misunderstanding " and " 2 chicks turning up the heat - XXX . "
Paladino chalked them up to typical male humor : " I say to the men out there who have never opened a graphic image on the Internet - do n't vote for me .
To those who have , I welcome your vote . "
However , he did offer one apology : " To any of the ladies I 've offended , I apologize . "
And to any ladies who love XXX horse heat , Paladino will also accept your votes .
1. The Roots – How I Got Over
Tentative Release Date : Spring / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Phonte ( of Little Brother ) , Blu , Cody Chesnutt
What We Know : The Roots are set to release their ninth studio album How I Got Over .
The album title comes from a Mahalia Jackson gospel song of the same name .
The band has described the new LP as upbeat , funky with political influences .
The title track was first premiered on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon in June 2009 .
According to ? uestlove , Phonte recorded three to five tracks for the album .
Here ’s hoping the live version of “ How I Got Over ” makes the final cut because it ’s clearly superior to the studio version .
2. Erykah Badu – New Amerykah Part II ( Return of the Ankh )
Tentative Release Date : March / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : 9th Wonder , Madlib , J Dilla , James Poyser , Shafiq Husayn , Karieem Riggins , ?uestlove ( The Roots ) , Ta’Raach , Georgia Anne Muldrow
What We Know : Erykah ’s last album New Amerykah Part One ( 4th World War ) received critical acclaim for its political content .
According to Badu , she describes the new album as a “ spiritual and emotional ” battle .
She also views this album to be reminiscent of her debut Baduizm in that it ’s less heavy : “ this is just about beats and rhymes in a cipher . ”
According to an earlier report , a track on the LP named “ Jump In the Air ” is set to feature nine emcees .
A radio version leaked with Lil Wayne last month .
3. Reflection Eternal – Revolutions Per Minute
Tentative Release Date : Spring / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Hi-Tek , Jay Electronica , J. Cole , Mos Def
What We Know : Hard to believe it ’s been 10 years since their debut Train Of Thought was released .
They ’ve been releasing new music since last year with tracks such as “ Back Again ” , “ Internet Connection ” and their latest track “ Just Begun ” .
The new joint features Mos Def along with newcomers Jay Electronica and J. Cole .
Good timing or not , we ’ll gladly take a reunion album if it resembles anything close to the excitement and magic from their debut LP .
4. Pharaohe Monch – W.A.R. ( We Are Renegades )
Tentative Release Date : Spring / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Denaun Porter , Black Milk , M- Phazes , Lee Stone , Talib Kweli , Black Thought , Styles P , Cee-Lo
What We Know : After releasing Desire after an eight - year hiatus , Pharoahe thankfully wo n’t make us wait that long for a follow up .
Denaun Porter will be executive producing the new album W.A.R. ( We Are Renegades ) .
He produced two tracks on Desire and one that did n’t make the album due to sample clearances , “ Never Walk Together ” .
They also worked on another track which was to be featured on a Denaun Porter solo LP , “ Broken Heart ” .
There ’s been some discussion of a possible Nas feature but we ’ll wait and see on that one .
5. Drake – Thank Me Later
Tentative Release Date : March / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Boi-1da , Tone Mason , Pharrell Williams , Jay - Z , Kanye West , Lil Wayne , Bun B
What We Know : After dropping the So Far Gone mixtape that gained national buzz along with numerous guest appearances in 2009 , Drake will be dropping his much anticipated debut .
A track with Jay - Z called “ Light It Up ” produced by the Tone Masons has been confirmed for the album .
Drake mentioned previously that he wanted to get Andre 3000 and Sade on a record , we ’ll chalk that up somewhere near a release date for the Detox album .
The real question with Drake is : will we get an album full of “ Best I Ever Had ” type material or a bit more balance and lyricism like on the track “ Fear ” ?
Here ’s hoping for the latter .
6. Black Milk – Album Of The Year
Tentative Release Date : Summer / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Daru Jones
What We Know :
For those thinking the album is an ambitious claim for best hip - hop album , that ’s not the case .
The album title refers to events that occurred in 2009 that according to Black Milk he ’ll elaborate on throughout the new LP .
Tronic was one of the best LP ’s in 2008 so we ’re definitely excited to see where Black Milk takes us with his follow up .
In late December he released the song “ Keep Going ” featuring Daru Jones on the drums .
The new song is like a rock version of “ Give The Drummer Sum ” .
7. Flying Lotus – Cosmogramma
Tentative Release Date : April /2010
Producers / Collaborators : TBA
What We Know : Flying Lotus is continuously pushing the boundaries of the electronic / experimental / hip - hop sub - genre along with Exile , Sa-Ra Creative Partners and SamiYam .
His last album was definitely more of a minimalist approach over hip - hop drums all while experimenting with new things sonically .
He ’ll be hard pressed to top the critically acclaimed of Los Angeles ( 2008 ) .
Fortunately , he ’s improved with each new release so the odds are in his favour for him to do it again with his third full - length Cosmogramma .
8. Sade – Soldier Of Love
Tentative Release Date : Feb /2010
Producers / Collaborators : Mike Pela , Stuart Matthewman , Andre Hale
What We Know : After a 10 - year hiatus , Sade is back with her follow - up to Lover ’s Rock .
She premiered the title track earlier this month .
Her long time collaborators Mike Pela and Stuart Matthewman are attached to the new album , which can only signal good things when you consider how great her last album was .
The video for “ Soldier Of Love ” premiered earlier this month .
9. Big Boi – Sir Luscious Left Foot : The Son of Chico Dusty
Tentative Release Date : March / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Erick Sermon , Salaam Remi , DJ Toomp , Organized Noize , Andre 3000 , Gucci Mane , Mary J. Blige , George Clinton , Too Short , T.I .
What We Know : Once Big Boi released the “ Royal Flush ” ( Feat . Raekwon & Andre 3000 ) back in 2008 who did n’t want to hear the solo LP ?
Naturally , the label ( Jive ) dropped the ball .
Big Boi released “ Shine Blockas ” ( Feat . Gucci Mane ) last October .
It ’s received good buzz in preparation for his new album .
I ’m never a fan of too many features on an album , but with no new OutKast album on the horizon and Andre 3000 linked to two guest features there ’s still hope for this LP .
10 . Bilal – Airtight ’s Revenge
Tentative Release Date : Spring / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Shafiq Husayn , Nottz
What We Know : After years of label issues , noteworthy guest appearances and a follow - up album Love For Sale that got shelved , Bilal will be finally returning with a new music this year .
He signed with Plug Research in 2009 so he could make the creative soulful music he ’s known without succumbing to the pressure of being major .
According to Bilal , compared to Love For Sale : “ This time I ’ve taken that and mixed it with jazz and rock inflections .
This record is about me discovering Steely Dan , John Lennon , and Bobby Womack . ”
11 . The Foreign Exchange – TBA
Tentative Release Date : Fall / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : TBA
What We Know : Fresh off their Grammy nomination for “ Daykeeper ” ( Feat . Muhsinah ) , we ’re happy to report that Phonte and Nicolay will be releasing a new album this fall .
Phonte was originally scheduled to release his solo LP in 2010 , but with success of the group ’s last album a new studio album is on the horizon .
We expect long - time collaborators Zo ! , Darien Brockington , Yahzarah and Carlitta Durand to be involved in some capacity .
12 . Lupe Fiasco – Lasers
Tentative Release Date : Spring / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Soundtrakk , Pharrell Williams , Bun B , Kid Cudi , Matthew Santos ,
What We Know : Lupe Fiasco ’s third studio album was originally called : Lupe Fiasco ’s LupE.N.D signaling his final album and possible retirement .
He ’s since renamed the album Lasers , an acronym for Love Always Shines Everytime Remember 2 Smile .
Lupe has released two tracks confirmed for the new LP , “ Shining Down ” and the recent “ I ’m Beaming ” .
Both were leaked without approval which derailed some of the momentum he ’d hoped for .
Lyrically , he ’s still got it but we ’re hoping for more consistent production this time around .
13 . Slum Village – Villa Manifesto
Tentative Release Date : Spring / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Black Milk , Waajeed , Karriem Riggins , Pete Rock
What We Know :
It ’s been five years since the group released a full - length album .
With Jay Dee passing away in 2006 and Baatin ’s passing last year , T3 and Elzhi are the only two remaining members of the group .
Fortunately , Baatin did record tracks for this LP before he passed away so he will part of this project even it is just in spirit .
With the production line - up attached to the album Slum Village looks to deliver a worthy album we can all celebrate .
The group released an EP of the same name with features by Marsha Ambrosius and Black Milk last December .
14 . Jose James – Blackmagic
Tentative Release Date : February / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Flying Lotus , DJ Mitsu the Beats
What We Know : After releasing his critically acclaimed debut The Dreamer in ( 2008 ) Jose James continued touring and collaborating with Jazzanova on their last LP Of All The Things .
After two years off , he ’s set to drop his follow up Blackmagic .
Flying Lotus produced the title track and two others on the new LP .
The album combines Jose ’s soulful voice with acid jazz , broken - beat and hip - hop drums to create the vocal jazz he ’s become known for .
15 . Nas & Damian Marley – Distant Relatives
Tentative Release Date : March / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Salaam Remi , 9th Wonder , K’Naan , Joss Stone , Stevie Wonder .
What We Know :
In 2008 they started recording a full album together after a number of tracks were leftover from previous albums by both artists that they initially hoped would make for an EP about Africa .
After numerous delays from both of their labels , the album will see the light of day .
The album ’s themes will revolve around Africa , from ancestry and poverty as well as their social commentary of the United States and Africa .
16 . Ghostface Killah , Method Man & Raekwon – The Wu- Massacre
Tentative Release Date : Fall / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : RZA , Mathematics
What We Know : After the solo success of Wu-members Ghostface , Method Man & Raekwon in 2009 , the trio hinted their desire come together for an album .
I wonder if that ’s a shot at Slaughterhouse ?
Kidding of course .
Between Blackout !
2 , Ghostdini : Wizard of Poetry in Emerald City & Only Built 4 Cuban Linx Pt. II , last year was great year for the Wu - Tang Clan .
With RZA on boards as well as Mathematics , the timing is definitely ideal for this type of project .
All three have collaborated together previously on a number of albums so the chemistry should n’t be an issue for this new project .
To date they ’ve released “ Meth vs. Chef Part II ” and “ Our Dreams ” .
17 . B.o.B. – The Adventures of Bobby Ray
Tentative Release Date : May / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Bruno Mars , T.I .
What We Know : After releasing numerous mixtapes and being named XXL ’s Freshman Of The Year in 2008 , B.o. B aka .
Bobby Ray is finally set to drop his Grand Hustle debut .
The best way to describe his sound is hip - hop / alternative because he ’s like a southern version of K - Os .
He ’s just as lyrical as he is soulful on certain joints .
He recently released “ Nothin On You ” ( Feat . Bruno Mars ) , which is the lead single from the new album .
18 . Common – The Believer
Tentative Release Date : Summer / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Kanye West , No I.D .
What We Know : With his last LP UMC : Universal Mind Control , Common wanted to make an album he could hear in the clubs .
Critics and fans panned the album as a failure .
His new album The Believer is described as a return to form for the Chicago emcee .
We believe Common is a dope emcee .
Hopefully , the lyrics on this record display that because outside of a few tracks from Finding Forever & the album Be , he ’s been coasting .
The collaboration with the Jonas Brothers last summer did n’t help his cause either .
19 . Georgia Anne Muldrow – A King ’s Ballad
Tentative Release Date : February / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Dudley Perkins
What We Know :
The inspirations behind A King ’s Ballad are the early days of the Obama administration , the last days of the life of Michael Jackson and her newborn son .
Georgia describes the sound on her new album as : “ more mature , more sure , more relevant and definitely much mo ’ funky ! ”
Sonically , the album is an eclectic mix of different genres Muldrow is known for .
Very interested to see where she takes us with the album .
20 . Pacific Division – Grown Kid Syndrome
Tentative Release Date : Summer / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Pharrell Williams , Jake One
What We Know : Fresh off their 2009 mixtape Church league Champions , Pac Div are finally dropping their Universal Motown debut album later this summer .
The fun in their music is reminiscent of groups like Little Brother and Slum Village but with a West Coast vibe to it .
They previewed a small snippet of “ Broccoli ” ( produced by Pharrell ) earlier this month in concert in Miami .
It sounds like they might have a hit on their hands .
Along with Blu , Exile and Fashawn , Pac Div are leading the resurgence of hip - hop on the left coast .
21 . The Gorillaz – Plastic Beach
Tentative Release Date : March / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : De La Soul , Snoop Dogg , Lou Reed , Mos Def , Bobby Womack , Hypnotic Brass Ensemble , Little Dragon .
What We Know : Damon Albarn is set to release the third studio album by animated group The Gorillaz .
Mos Def has collaborated on three songs and De La Soul have contributed to two songs as well .
Albarn describes the new album as the “ most pop record ” he has ever made .
The first single “ Stylo ” is sonically a mix between break - beats from the ’70s and ’ 80s pop .
22 . The Beastie Boys – Hot Sauce Committee Pt.1
Tentative Release Date : Fall / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Nas , Santigold
What We Know :
They debuted the first single “ Too Many Rappers ” ( which features Nas ) at the Bonnaroo Music festival last summer .
Shortly after that , MCA became sick due to a cancerous tumor so the album and tour were pushed back .
With the earlier health scare behind them , the trio can finally promote and tour the new LP .
Sonically they ’ve described the album as “ … a combination of playing and sampling stuff as we ’re playing , and also sampling pretty obscure records . ”
They ’ve already completed the second installment ( Pt. 2 ) so we should expect more music in the near future .
23 . Black Thought & Danger Mouse – Dangerous Thoughts
Tentative Release Date : Winter / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : TBA
What We Know : Back in 2002 when Phrenology dropped , the actual songs that appeared on that LP were originally slated for a Black Thought solo LP .
In 2006 , Black Thought stated he was working on a collaborative album with Danger Mouse called Dangerous Thoughts .
With the success of two Gnarls Barkley albums the project got pushed back .
Three Roots albums later , we ’re now in 2010 .
Black
Thought recently confirmed the album is still a go for this year so it appears we might finally get to hear it .
24 . Random Axe – TBA
Tentative Release Date : Winter / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : Black Milk
What We Know : Random
Axe is made up of Black Milk , Sean Price and Guilty Simpson .
After a few years of speculation , Black Milk confirmed that the Random Axe album is dropping this year .
The collective collaborated on the track “ Monster Babies ” back in summer of 2009 .
As long as Black Milk is on the boards for this trio , there ’s hope for this project .
We ’re definitely excited to see what Black Milk will be cooking up for this album .
25 . Evidence – Cats And Dogs
Tentative Release Date : Summer / 2010
Producers / Collaborators : The Alchemist
What We Know : Evidence signed with Rhymesayers after some reports stated that he signed with Talib Kweli ’s Black Smith label .
Most of 2009 saw Evidence doing features with Alchemist under the moniker “ Step Brothers ” and touring to promote The Layover EP .
The two artists have great chemistry musically so we definitely expect some collaborations on the new LP .
After appearing on DOOM ’s Born Like
This , what are the chances we see a Slug or DOOM appearance on his new LP ?
Stay tuned .
Honorable Mentions :
Young Jeezy – Thug Motivation 103
Rhymesfest – El Che
Eminem – Relapse II
Zo ! – SunStorm
Yahzarah – The Ballad Of Ms. Purple Saint James
Beginning Sunday , many PlayStation 3 owners found the PlayStation Network inaccessible , with the system giving them an error explaining that they would n't be able to connect .
This by itself is n't a huge deal , as all online systems crumble from time to time .
The bigger problem is that this glitch seems to be affecting the ability to play offline , single - player games , with reports that games like Heavy Rain are no longer functional .
The issue , from reports on various forums , seems to have something to do with the system 's internal clock .
It also appears that only older , non-slim systems are being compromised , a detail that Sony seems to back up .
" We ’re aware that many of you are having difficulty connecting to the PlayStation Network this evening .
Those of you with ' slim ' PS3s ( the 120/250 GB models ) appear to be unaffected , " the PlayStation Blog reports .
" Know that we have narrowed down the issue and have engineers working to restore service even as you read this .
We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you , and genuinely appreciate your patience while we work to resolve this . "
The last update was given by Sony 11 hours ago via Twitter , simply restating that slim units have so far been unaffected .
Update : Here 's the latest news from Sony .
" We hope to resolve this problem within the next 24 hours .
In the meantime , if you have a model other than the new slim PS3 , we advise that you do not use your PS3 system , as doing so may result in errors in some functionality , such as recording obtained trophies , and not being able to restore certain data . "
You can read the list of errors on the official post .
Patch 5 ( version 0.7.0.14356 )
Terrans block ramps and seal choke points , and then we sit behind them with guns and tanks .
We were the kids who sat up in the tree fort with the water gun shooting at the other kids who could n’t reach us .
And honestly , it was fun .
In Starcraft 2 , submersible Supply Depots give the Terrans a new tool to work with when it comes to controlling the wall of buildings .
Terran barricades are just as strong as ever for multiplying defensive power and denying scouting opportunities to the opponent .
This article will cover a few rules of walling , and some numbers on the Terran repair mechanic .
The Big Idea
Walling off the entrance to your base has a number of benefits for Terran at very little cost .
It ’s essentially mandatory – you should never not wall - off your base .
The main downsides ( which we ’ll cover ) are largely negated by Terran ’s ability to remove the wall whenever it wants .
In the early game , your wall helps keep you safer from Zerglings and Zealots .
Even a small group of these early game melee troops can cause a lot of damage to Terran if they go unanswered and are allowed straight into the Terran base .
You pretty much have to pull workers off your line to deal with this situation , they ’ll probably kill some in the process , and your economy will be much weaker than theirs for the effort .
Marines are weak against these units in small numbers , but a well - built wall should not be breakable by a small group of Zerglings or Zealots , even if you only have 1 - 2 Marines defending it .
This lets you spend your resources elsewhere for advantage .
Pay attention to what your choice has just done to the meta game , however .
Once your opponent sees your wall , ( or more realistically , assumes it because you are playing Terran ) , they now have less incentive to make Zerglings and Zealots in the early game .
They know they ca n’t cost effectively break your wall .
This means you have given them an incentive to tech - up to an option that can get through or around the wall , or they will expand with the hope of just running you over , wall or not .
These are difficult choices for the opponent to make however because the benefit of your wall is two - f0ld .
Not only can they not apply early aggression , but they also cannot see what ’s happening behind the wall .
Protoss has to spend resources and time to get Observers before they can see what you ’re up to .
Terran has to spend Orbital Command Center energy on Scans , or float buildings over your base to see .
Zerg has Overlords early , but those become risky to use later as you have means of shooting them down which costs them time and money .
Since they have no idea what you ’re up to , you could very well just be massing troops behind the wall and they would n’t know .
This means they ca n’t wholeheartedly forgo early game troops to tech or expand either – they have to be hedge their bets in every direction , which benefits you if you plan on going any one direction quickly .
That ’s the power of keeping your opponent in the dark .
The best part about the Terran wall is that it does n’t cost you anything extra over what you already intended to build – you just happen to place a few buildings strategically ( that you were going to build anyway ) and proceed from there .
If at any time the wall becomes inconvenient to you , you can sink a Supply Depot to move your troops over it and then raise it after - wards , or lift a Barracks or Factory that was used to make the wall .
The only real downside is that it gives you extra real estate to cover from harassment – if you ’re worried about Dark Templar being dropped in your base for instance , you need detection by your mineral lines AND your wall or ramp .
If you ’re concerned about Banshees or Mutalisk harassment , you need a few extra Turrets by the buildings at your wall as well .
A wall just requires a small bit of extra investment in these cases , but it ’s certainly still worth it .
So how do you do it ?
Building Walls by the Map
I ’ve included some basic wall placements below with comments in the captions .
Make sure you have your Building Grid turned on in the Gameplay section of the Options Menu .
It ’ll help you see what ’s actually walling and what is n’t .
Let ’s start with ramps that are common on maps like Lost Temple , Metalopolis and Blistering Sands :
Scrap Station has a very fat ramp at both main bases .
It takes some extra building placements to successfully wall it off , but this is balanced by the long ground - distance between the two bases .
You have the time you need to build up the wall because ground troops wo n’t physically reach you in time to stop you .
Here ’s an example of a wall using two Barracks , and an example of a wall using 1 .
The above photo illustrates an important point – the wall is n’t complete until the Tech Lab or Reactor is finished , because units can move through a diagonal space between buildings .
Here ’s an image illustrating what NOT to do with regards to diagonal walls :
And back to Scrap Station :
Steppes of War ’s bottom left spot is a little tricky :
Kulas Ravine is a map where there is n’t a ramp outside your main that can be blocked in this manner .
Instead , there is a very narrow choke point which can be blocked by using a single Barracks and Supply Depot .
Here are a few examples starting in the top left of the map and going clockwise around all of the starting points :
I recently watched a replay where CowGoMoo ( one of the best Terrans in beta currently ) started in this spot .
The Protoss applies early pressure and takes down the depot , proceeding to raze his base .
CowGoMoo decides to win anyway , but it certainly was n’t made easier by losing the wall .
You can see it by clicking on this link here to SC2RC.com .
Note that the Supply Depot is always either above or below the Barracks in these photos – that ’s an easy way to remember how to do it on this map .
If you have the option , you always want to have the Barracks be ‘ furthest out ’ , and your Supply Depot be in the safer , closer spot .
The main reason is that Supply Depots have less health , but they are also repaired slower than a Barracks as well .
Terran Buildings and Units all have individual repair rates in SC2 , and it has no correlation to their maximum hit points .
Each building or unit just has a set rate that they are repaired at .
This is important to know because it helps us plan around keeping our wall up when an early rush does happen .
Do -It - Yourself Wall Repair
Inevitably , someone will test your wall because they built the troops to do it and they think you ’re skimping out on Marines behind that wall in order to tech or expand faster .
Well - enough ; let ’s do this .
Let ’s say someone comes at your wall with a few Zealots , and you have 1 or 2 marines behind it to keep it up .
They only have to break one Supply Depot to get through – how many SCVs do you need repairing it to keep it up ?
I ’ll spare you the math and the details and just let you know that you need about 1.5 x – 2x SCVs for each Zealot they bring to the fight to outpace their damage .
Realistically , I ’d bring 1.5 x because your Marines are going to kill off a few before they successfully kill the depot .
In the case of Zerglings ?
Well for 6 Zerglings , you need 4 or 5 SCVs to keep that depot up .
Again , I think you ’d be fine with 4 SCVs because your 1 or 2 marines will kill them off and lower their damage output pretty quickly .
Beyond just testing it out , there ’s a way we can figure these things out in our heads .
Each SCV repairs about 10 health per second on a Supply Depot on Faster mode .
Zerglings do about 10 damage per second ( DPS ) each on Faster mode , and Zealots do about 20 damage per second each on Faster mode .
If you ’re curious where these damage numbers come from , check out the SC2 Unit Damage Chart by clicking here ( it ’s a Google docs spreadsheet ) .
The numbers it shows are for the game played on “ Fast ” mode – if you want the unit ’s DPS on “ Faster ” , multiply the listed DPS by 1.33 .
It does take a significant amount of SCVs to keep a wall up against concentrated damage , but keeping that wall up and killing off those troops is certainly better than having them break through and kill off your defenders and economy anyway .
Realistically , your opponent will test your wall , see they ca n’t break through and give up .
If they persist , now you know how many SCVs you ’ll need to keep it up .
What About Those Repair Rates ?
It ’s weird , is n’t it ?
Here ’s what my testing has found so far – it ’s not entirely scientific , but I gave each building a few test repairs from Orange to Full and used a stop watch to come up with these numbers .
I ’d say these are very close approximations :
Supply Depots are repaired at ~ 10 Health Per Second ( HPS ) .
Barracks are repaired at ~ 18 HPS .
Tech Labs and Reactors are repaired at ~ 10 HPS ( in case they try and break that instead of a Supply Depot ) .
Command Centers are repaired at ~ 14 HPS .
Planetary Fortresses are repaired at ~ 9.2 HPS .
Bunkers are repaired at ~ 11 HPS .
Missile Turrets are repaired at 7 HPS .
Units vary in repair rates as well :
Tanks are repaired at ~4 HPS .
Thors are repaired at ~ 7.5 HPS .
Battlecruisers are repaired at ~7 HPS .
SCVs ( woo ! ) are repaired at ~5 HPS .
The big thing to take away from this is that a host of repairing SCVs are probably not going to save your siege tanks from incoming damage , though they can patch up wounded ones with some time .
Since
Thors can be easily swarmed by SCVs , that definitely makes keeping them alive with repair much easier .
A Few Last Thoughts and Best Practices
There is no reason to not use walls to your advantage , and now you should know the exact ways to place them on the current set of maps .
Be very careful to not completely forgo building troops because you have a wall however – walls are much easier to get around in this game , and walls are no substitute for having an actual map presence with troops .
Think of the wall as multiplying the defensive power of the troops you already have rather than making up for troops you do n’t .
Watch out for things like Protoss Pylon / Warp Gate tricks to get uphill into your base .
Just remain vigilant and scout around the edges of your base with a Marine .
Terran Reaper rushes can also sidestep your wall , as they can jump over cliffs to get into your base easily .
A few extra Marines early on can handle these , no problem .
Reapers are relatively weak in straight - up fights and represent a significant gas investment from the other Terran .
Do n’t let your wall keep YOU from scouting , either .
Scouting is the easiest way to avoid being out expanded or surprised , and you should definitely drop the depot and get some Terrans out there to figure out what is going on .
Also , Jeff had a great tip / comment on the “ New Tools for the New Mutalisk ” post – SCVs have a large auto - repair range now , so you can comfortably place Turrets near your mineral lines and keep a hotkey of SCVs set to auto - repair .
If Mutalisk , Banshee or Void - Ray harassment begins , just flip to that hotkey and hit “ S ” to stop them from mining .
They ’ll automatically begin repairing the Turrets , or whatever is under attack , which buys you time to get your troops over there and stop it .
This could easily be an early game habit for you as you sit there making SCVs and waiting to build your first Supply Depot , hardly costing you anything later on .
If you ’re having trouble walling - in on a certain map or in a certain spot , share it and we ’ll figure out an answer !
Monday , 8 March , 2010 - 16:54
A draft compromise on whaling released by the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) on February 23 set a dangerous precedent that the international community must reject , WWF said .
At an IWC working group meeting in Florida from 2 - 4 March 2010 where the proposal was discussed , the New Zealand Government indicated its openness to compromise in order to achieve an end to commercial whaling in the Southern Ocean .
But WWF says the current draft proposal would not achieve this , and any negotiation should be focused on securing an end to commercial whaling in the long - term :
" If there is one single place in the world where whales should be fully protected , it is the Southern Ocean , " said Wendy Elliott , Species Manager at WWF - International .
" What we need is to eliminate all whaling in the Southern Ocean , including Japanese commercial whaling thinly disguised as ' scientific research ' .
But what we have now is a deal which could make it even easier for Japan to continue taking whales in this ecologically unique place . "
A working group within the IWC unveiled the new compromise aimed at unlocking the stalled negotiation process between countries fundamentally opposed to whaling and states that support it .
The IWC has maintained a ban on all commercial whaling since 1986 .
But , defying this ban , Japan , Norway and Iceland use loopholes in the IWC 's founding treaty to kill more than 1,500 whales a year .
The loopholes allow whaling under ' objection ' to management decisions ( Norway and Iceland ) and " scientific " whaling for research purposes ( Japan ) .
" WWF believes there is no place for commercial whaling in the 21st century .
However , the current situation is devastating whale populations in the Southern Ocean , and is completely out of control , " said WWF - New Zealand Executive Director Chris Howe .
" It is understandable that the New Zealand government is pursuing diplomatic negotiations aimed at improving the situation for whales , as it's clear the current approach is not benefiting whales .
The overall goal for the New Zealand government should , however , remain an end to all commercial whaling . "
WWF is campaigning for the reform of the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) under which the commercial hunting of whales continues despite the global moratorium .
While the compromise currently on the table contains many positive elements for whale conservation that would help bring the IWC into the 21st Century , it could legitimise ' scientific ' whaling by Japan in the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary .
WWF 's position is that whaling must stop in the Southern Ocean Sanctuary , including Japanese commercial whaling thinly disguised as ' scientific research ' , and tight controls on commercial whaling - which kills around 2000 whales every year despite the global moratorium - must be put in place .
WWF 's Chris Howe said : " We do not support allocation of commercial whaling quotas to Japan .
We encourage the New Zealand Government to work with other Governments to find a way to end commercial whaling . "
“ It ’s the runt , ” Bryce agreed .
“ It ’s Melky Cabrera , ” Aaron revised , referring to a former Yankees outfielder who never quite found his role and eventually was traded .
Image WORDS INTO SONG Matt Berninger ’s notebook of lyrics , which are generally the final element added to a National song .
Credit ... Collier Schorr for The New York Times
“ It ’s at least weird , ” Bryce offered .
Then they hit on something , “ a kind of tribal , throbbing sound , ” as Bryan put it .
This version required a soft , rhythmically complex drum part from him , and the others cheered , “ Go , Seabiscuit ! ” as he settled in behind his kit .
They were all wearing jeans and what appeared to be Truman - era sweaters .
Bryan stands well over six feet to begin with , but like all talented drummers , when he ’s working he seems to physically expand .
Watching him now , Bryce said , “ That ’s where he ’s most at home . ”
Bryan is the fellow band member whose intelligence and personality the others find most compelling .
His nickname among them is Party of One , an allusion to how much beer he can hold , and also to more elusive qualities .
For most of the Bridgeport weeks , while the others sat near the producer , Katis , at the sound board , Bryan was off hidden in a far corner with two sticks , tapping to himself .
“ Bryan does n’t respond to any of the usual negotiations , ” Bryce says .
The drum part Bryan kept producing for “ Lemonworld ” was landing too hard , and so he improvised .
Summoning an old trick much favored by the Beatles , who , as Bryan noted , wrapped Ringo Starr ’s skins with tea towels , Bryan went downstairs , rummaged around in Katis ’s linen closet and found some pillowcases , which he proceeded to tear up and tape to his snare and both toms .
These mutes cushioned the sound and made it somehow lusher .
At nightfall , they listened , and what they heard made them all giddy .
“ The Stones would put a shaker with that guitar , synch it way down and it would be hot ! ” Aaron cried .
So they added that too .
“ My pillowcases ! ” Katis suddenly noticed .
But he did n’t really mind .
Now they were downright chesty , strutting around the attic in their socks , “ heading for a grand showdown with the Dark Lord , ” as Katis put it .
Off went “ Lemonworld ” by e-mail to Matt , whose texted response was “ Twee Smurf ! ” Elaborating later he added : “ It ’s a great dark weird murky pop song , but it does n’t lift off .
We need to embrace its simplicity , not turn it into an art piece . ”
In the cold , clear light of Bridgeport dawn , the twins agreed with him .
“ It does n’t sound like the way that we play , ” Aaron said with a sigh .
THE NATIONAL HAVE been a band for more than 10 years , but they have been playing together in some form for practically their entire lives .
They were all comfortable , middle - class Cincinnati kids from prosperous East Side suburbs , except Matt , who , although his father is a lawyer , lived on the grittier West Side — “ the haves and the have not , ” as Aaron sarcastically puts it .
As twins with bowl haircuts , Aaron and Bryce shared one baseball - card collection , played all games side by side and slept in a room with identical pairs of fixtures and furniture pieces .
Every morning , Bryce would take a shower and then leave the water on for Aaron to follow .
They were so close , always understanding each other in such a primary way , that when they communicated , other people could n’t always make out what they were saying .
( In the band , this is known as the twins ’ “ pillow talk . ” )
Today , though they live in separate Brooklyn houses , their bond remains so intense that when they return to Ohio with their girlfriends , they would rather the four of them sleep ( platonically ) in their two childhood beds than take advantage of the guest room .
At 13 , the Dessner brothers were the two guards on the Cincinnati Country Day middle - school basketball team .
The team ’s center was Bryan , and soon he was coming by after school to play music with them .
There was a mystique about Bryan .
He arrived , he drummed wordlessly for hours and he left .
Rumor had it that he burned down the family house .
( It turned out to be only part of the house . )
Bryan ’s observation about Aaron and Bryce was that “ the twins make rock ’ n ’ roll into sports competition . ”
A few years later , Scott was studying art at the University of Cincinnati , where he and Matt became best friends .
Of all the National members , Scott always had the best record collection , and Matt says when Scott played him singers like Pavement ’s Stephen Malkmus and Robert Pollard of Guided by Voices , he saw how vocal character could compensate for limited range .
“ People say there ’s a monotony to the way I sing , ” Matt says , “ and I totally understand that .
But maybe it ’s more entertaining to watch the pole - vaulter hit the bar than go over it .
Hitting the notes is less important than the attempt .
If you believe what you sing , if the notes are right is insignificant . ”
Cincinnati gave him a narrative edge .
“ Ohio is a very common American experience , ” Matt says .
“ It ’s much closer than New York to the typical American perspective .
It ’s right in the middle , and there are unbelievable tensions there — social , racial , political .
The Robert Mapplethorpe and Larry Flynt obscenity trials , the race riots — it ’s a crucible there for some reason . ”
Degrees in hand , Scott and Matt moved to New York in 1996 , where they found graphic - design jobs .
Every day , showered and blazered , they went off to work .
They were white - collar professionals who made weekend rock ’ n ’ roll .
The twins , too , were eager to say , “ Goodbye , Cincinnati . ”
When Bryce was admitted to Yale and Aaron to Columbia , the impending separation was hard on both of them , especially Aaron , who said he fell into a clinical depression .
“ I do n’t think either of us realized how traumatic it would be , ” he remembers .
“ In college , I immediately rushed into a superserious relationship . ”
Aaron studied Jewish history at Columbia and then , after graduation , worked in Yale ’s Holocaust archive .
Bryce was in New York , living on $ 13,000 a year , teaching classical guitar .
Bryan was downtown , editing books for the Soho Press .
Out in their Brooklyn loft , Scott and Matt wanted to record songs together on an eight - track .
They needed a drummer .
Scott called his brother .
Bryan called Aaron and Bryce .
The sound was so good , soon enough the five of them went National .
“ We ’ve regretted the name many times , ” Matt says .
“ The truth is we wanted the name to be meaningless .
We do n’t have a collective perspective or an idea .
It ’s like the first time we heard the name ‘ Nirvana , ’ it sounded like it would be the worst kind of emotional , faux - passionate record , and then we heard the record , and the word ‘ nirvana ’ changed . ”
I ’ve heard of getting the blues while drinking beer , but this is taking it too far .
I wonder how many beer cans it took to create this blues player ?
You be the judge .
It ’s a remarkable piece of art is n’t it ?
Keep on Jammin ’
We think trust is built by meeting people face to face .
We are NOT CONTENT to be just another networking event .
We want to help YOU make meaningful , lasting connections .
That 's why we offer live , facilitated , networking events in every city , every month .
You may need a new partner , supplier , investor , or talent .
We want to help with that .
Are you looking for work in the tech sector ?
We want to help with that , too .
In honor of the Pill 's 50th anniversary , Time 's Nancy Gibbs takes a look back at its history and influence .
Her piece includes a couple of facts we were surprised to learn — including the origin of the condom .
Advertisement
— Pre-Pill , abortion and contraception advertisements had to use reverse psychology .
In 1873 Congress passed a law banning birth control information as obscene .
So women seeking ways to limit the number of children they bore had to know how to read the papers .
Through the turn of the century , advertisements for potions to treat " female disorders " or menstrual irregularities carried a bold , bright warning : " Portuguese Female Pills , not to be used during pregnancy for they will cause miscarriage . "
The warning , of course , was the ad .
— Margaret Sanger was inspired to advocate for birth control by the death of her mother .
Advertisement
According to Gibbs , Sanger 's mother died at age 50 after having a Duggar - level 18 children .
At her funeral , Sanger told her dad , " You caused this .
Mother is dead from having too many children . "
She went on to open America 's first family - planning clinic and and found the organization that later became Planned Parenthood .
— At 1962 's Vatican II , most Cardinals actually favored liberalizing Catholic doctrine on contraception .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Gibbs writes ,
Leaked reports of the commission 's findings suggested that nearly all its theologians and a majority of the Cardinals favored changing the church 's teaching on the immorality of contraception - but the following year , Paul VI issued his encyclical Humanae Vitae , in which he sided with the minority .
The teaching against contraception stayed in place .
Hundreds of American theologians issued a statement that this was not an infallible teaching and that Catholics could in good conscience dissent .
And in any event , it was too late to reverse the trend ; by 1970 , two - thirds of Catholic women were using birth control , more than a quarter of those the Pill .
Advertisement
— Planned Parenthood initially dispensed the Pill only to married women .
Gibbs writes that most women who took the Pill in the '60s were married , calling into question the notion that the Pill increased the prevalence of premarital sex .
Planned Parenthood was n't the only provider to refuse single women — several states actually banned prescribing the Pill to unmarried people .
College health clinics often did n't carry it , although , writes Gibbs , " one elite school would give a prescription to girls if they brought a note from their minister attesting to their impending wedding date . "
Advertisement
— Our favorite : the condom was supposedly invented by one " Dr. Condom . "
The condom is often credited to one Dr. Condom in the mid-1700s , who was said to have invented a sheath made out of sheep intestines for England 's King Charles II to help limit the number of bastards he sired , though such devices had actually been around for centuries .
Advertisement
This account is apparently disputed , but Gibbs 's account has a lot of potential as a new ad campaign .
We 're thinking , " Tired of siring bastards ?
Trojan Man is here to help ! "
The possibilities are endless .
The Pill At 50 : Sex , Freedom And Paradox [ Time ]
A team of scientists at the Tyndall National Institute have designed and fabricated the world ’s first junctionless transistor that could revolutionise microchip manufacturing in the semiconductor industry .
Prof Jean - Pierre Colinge ’s breakthrough on the microchip transistor was published today in Nature Nanotechnology , one of the most prestigious scientific research publications .
The news breathes fresh hope for the local economy and puts extra weight behind the nation ’s aspirations to be a world - leading nanotechnology hub , effectively the future for computing and areas like healthcare , including battling cancer .
The potential of nanotechnology
Nanotechnology , the science of ultra-micro electronics and pharmaceuticals , has the potential to be a major engine of growth in the Irish economy and exports could be doubled from € 15 billion today to € 30 billion by 2015 .
The achievement will add extra impetus to calls to create a Nanotech Competency Centre to bolster Ireland ’s future industrial ambitions .
The transistor is the fundamental building block in all electronic devices .
Since the early Seventies , the number of transistors in a silicon chip has grown from a few hundred to more than 2 billion transistors on a single chip today .
The exponential increase in demand for feature - packed electronic devices is driving the semiconductor industry to produce chips that need to be smaller , more energy efficient and more cost effective than ever before .
As a consequence , transistors are becoming so small that conventional transistor architectures , used since the Seventies , can no longer be used .
“ We have designed and fabricated the world ’s first junctionless transistor that significantly reduces power consumption and greatly simplifies the fabrication process of silicon chips , ” said Colinge .
Fabrication of current technologies
Current technologies require fabrication processes that are both complex and costly .
All existing transistors are based on junctions .
A junction is formed when two pieces of silicon with different polarities are placed side by side .
Controlling the junction allows the current in the device to be turned on and off and it is the precise fabrication of this junction that determines the characteristics and quality of the transistor and is a major factor in the cost of production .
Tyndall National Institute ’s ground - breaking junctionless transistor does n’t require a junction .
The current flows in a thin silicon wire and the flow of current is perfectly controlled by a “ wedding ring ” structure that electrically squeezes the silicon wire in the same way you might stop the flow of water in a hose by squeezing it .
These structures are easy to fabricate even on a miniature scale , which leads to the major breakthrough in potential cost reduction , ” explained Colinge .
Another key challenge for the semiconductor industry is reducing the power consumption of microchips .
“ Minimising current leakage is one of the main challenges in today ’s complex transistors .
The Tyndall junctionless devices have near - ideal electrical properties and behave like the most perfect transistors .
Moreover , they have the potential of operating faster and using less energy than the conventional transistors used in today ’s microprocessors , ” said Colinge .
He went on to say that the junctionless transistor resembles in a way the first ideal transistor structure , proposed in 1925 .
But to date , no one had been able to fabricate it .
He attributed the successful fabrication at Tyndall to the skill and expertise of researchers who were able to fabricate silicon nanowire with a diameter of a few dozen atoms using electron - beam writing techniques and expertise available at Tyndall .
“ We are very excited by the outstanding results that Jean - Pierre has achieved , ” commented Tyndall CEO , Prof Roger Whatmore .
" We are beginning to talk about these results with some of the world ’s leading semiconductor companies and are receiving a lot of interest in further development and possible licensing of the technology .
“ These results could not have been achieved without the expertise of Jean - Pierre and his colleagues together with the state - of - the art facilities that we have at Tyndall .
Funding for the work came from the substantial investment by DETE , SFI and HEA in Tyndall and these results demonstrate the value of that investment in research and development .
“ In a very short time , Ireland is gaining recognition as a world leader in many technological areas and this investment needs to ensure Ireland ’s economic recovery , ” Whatmore said .
By John Kennedy
Photo :
A breakthrough on the microchip transistor by Prof Jean - Pierre Colinge and his team at Tyndall National Institute has been published in Nature Nanotechnology
Last week , the conservative broadcaster Glenn Beck called on Christians to leave their churches if they hear preaching about social or economic justice , saying they were code words for Communism and Nazism .
This week the remarks prompted outrage from several Christian bloggers .
The Rev. Jim Wallis , who leads the liberal Christian antipoverty group Sojourners , in Washington , called on Christians to leave Glenn Beck .
“ What he has said attacks the very heart of our Christian faith , and Christians should no longer watch his show , ” Mr. Wallis wrote on his blog , God ’s Politics .
“ His show should now be in the same category as Howard Stern . ”
In attacking churches that espouse social justice , Mr. Beck is taking on most mainline Protestant , Roman Catholic , black and Hispanic congregations in the country — not to mention plenty of evangelical churches and even his own , the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Maoist rebels have killed at least 75 Indian soldiers in a series of attacks on security convoys in the central state of Chhattisgarh , officials say .
A large patrol of federal paramilitary troops was ambushed at dawn by hundreds of heavily armed insurgents in a remote part of Dantewada district .
Rescue teams were later ambushed in attacks using landmines and gunfire .
Correspondents say it is the worst attack on security forces by the rebels since their insurgency began .
ANALYSIS By Soutik Biswas
BBC News , Delhi
The attack on troops in Chhattisgarh is the deadliest since the insurgency began in the late 1960s - and a major setback for the government 's latest anti-Maoist operation .
Although details of the attack are still sketchy , it is clear it will not be easy for security forces to defeat the rebels in their strongholds - vast swathes of remote mineral - rich jungles home to tribespeople who form the main support base for the rebels .
Questions have been asked about levels of intelligence and whether security forces are trained to operate in such hostile terrain .
The attack is also a blow to the government - it comes days after Home Minister P Chidambaram described the rebels as " cowards enacting dramas " .
With the prospect of dialogue unlikely , it appears the government is in for a long and difficult war .
Biswas : A doomed revolution ?
India 's Home Affairs Minister P Chidambaram said the attack showed the brutality and savagery that the rebel army was capable of .
But he suggested lessons had to be learnt quickly by the security forces .
" Something has gone very wrong .
They seem to have walked into a trap set by the Naxalites [ Maoists ] .
Casualties are quite high and I am deeply shocked , " he said .
Home Secretary Gopal K Pillai said that the rebels had booby - trapped the area of the ambush .
" Preliminary reports indicate that the Maoists planted pressure bombs in surrounding areas at places where the security forces might take cover , " he said .
" As a result of this , the bulk of the casualties have arisen from the pressure bomb blasts . "
The Maoists have stepped up attacks in recent weeks in response to a big government offensive along what is known as the " red corridor " , a broad swathe of territory in rural eastern and central India where the Maoist rebellion has been gathering strength .
Nearly 50,000 federal paramilitary troops and tens of thousands of policemen are taking part in the operation in several states .
The rebels have tapped into rural and tribal anger among those who have seen no benefits from India 's economic development and this attack is another chilling reminder of the growing threat they pose , says the BBC's Chris Morris in Delhi .
Profile : India 's Maoist rebels Talks call Thousands of people have died during the rebels ' long fight for communist rule .
The latest attacks come two days after rebels killed at least 10 policemen and injured 10 more in a landmine attack on a police bus in the eastern state of Orissa .
The rebels say they will step up attacks unless the government halts its offensive against them .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Mr Chidambaram has said troops will intensify the offensive if the rebels do not renounce violence and enter peace talks .
The Maoists want four senior leaders freed from jail and the offensive halted before any talks .
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has described the Maoist insurgency as India 's " greatest internal security challenge " .
The Maoists say they are fighting for the rights of the rural poor who they say have been neglected by governments for decades .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Getting married is a big deal .
At the end of this year I plan to share my vows with the love of my life , and I ca n’t wait to spend the rest of my life with her .
We plan to wed in a well - known Catholic Church in the community where we both were born and raised and currently live .
I was raised in an activist family that does not necessarily agree with every religious value worshipped in the Bible or the Catholic Church .
But deep down inside I have always wanted to get married in one .
There ’s just something spiritually special about a church that in most cases brings working - class families together in a very social and cultural manner that I highly respect .
As a child I attended Sunday school , made my first communion and confirmation through the Catholic Church .
My grandmother urged my mother to put us through , so she did .
These days the Roman Catholic Church is struggling with major troubles related to growing scandals and accusations of sexual abuse by its priests across the world .
Many claim the church ’s hierarchy for decades led efforts to cover up for its alleged abusive priests .
Just this week , new reports indicate pedophilia cases are emerging in Latin America .
For example a priest fled from Bolivia to his family in Uruguay after a nun accused him of raping three children .
A priest in Chile was charged with eight cases of sexually abusing minors , including a girl he had fathered .
In March a woman in Mexico claimed that a deceased , scandal - tainted founder of a conservative Catholic religious order abused one of two sons she said he fathered with her .
According to a recent report by the Associated Press , its reporters found 30 cases of priests accused of abuse that have been transferred or moved abroad by the church .
Some even apparently escaped police investigation .
Many had access to children in other countries , and some abused again .
The probe spanned 21 nations across six continents .
Feeding the controversy , Pope Benedict XVI ’s second - in - command Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , the Vatican ’s secretary of state , outraged many recently when he said homosexuality and not celibacy was the primary reason for the abuse .
I say all this to highlight major issues that I , and many others , have with the Catholic tradition and other religions that oppress people as sexual beings .
And what about the role of women in the church hierarchy ?
Why for centuries have the equal rights and opportunities of women who want to serve not been fairly granted ?
It ’s true that there is a rich history and tradition of the Catholic Church helping the poor and fighting for the rights of impoverished communities in all parts of world .
Notable Catholic leaders have stood up for the rights of working people against violent military oppression and some even died for social justice causes .
The deeds and actions of such champions of the poor are cherished and many continue to be viewed as heroes of the working class .
But the question remains :
When human beings are expected to live a life of celibacy how does such a lifestyle sexually repress one ’s natural element ?
Could celibacy in the priesthood be one of the reasons behind the emerging sexual abuse cases ?
Pedophilia in all its evil forms is wrong , and I ’m sure experts can analyze its deeper psychological roots .
But is it wrong to believe that it ’s un-human for people , whether of the religious cloth or not , to ignore sexual feelings ?
I think that with all the sexual abuse cases sprouting everywhere that it ’s time the church consider enacting major reforms in its deeply rooted ideological traditions .
Why ca n’t men and women who want to serve God ’s will express their natural feelings with another even if they happen to be sexual , which is a strong form of love ?
Does
God not want us to explore deeper feelings of human emotion with each other besides our devotion to his higher power while serving the church ?
What would it mean if one day the Catholic Church supported ordained men and women to lead lives that involved healthy partnerships while at the same time preaching the good word of the Gospel ?
I ’m not suggesting that my questions are the answer to eradicating pedophilia or child molestation in the Church .
I make the point because if priests and nuns could liberate their sexual feelings and not repress them then maybe , just maybe , there could be an outlet other than sexual abuse of children .
It ’s important to note that I respect people devoted to their religious faiths .
In my line of work building relationships with the faith - based community is paramount to forging broad unity especially when it comes to addressing community empowerment and social justice .
I consider myself a spiritual person .
I do believe in a higher force and the privacy of personal prayer .
It ’s not hard to believe in God , believing is only the first step .
And I do believe .
More importantly I believe in doing too .
I just think it ’s time the Catholic Church rethink its repressive rule when it comes to celibacy .
Most would agree it ’s unnatural and could potentially bring out the worst in people .
Best Business News Sites & Blogs for 2020
Keeping up with the world of business is simultaneously one of the most practical things you can do and one of the most challenging .
Unfortunately for those seeking to stay on top of the business world , there are a metric ton of websites offering business “ insights ” and “ news , ” but really they ’re spreading rumors and poorly researched stories .
We ’ve done our best to cut out the dross with this list .
We feature the most respected business publications , from the academic world to journalistic sources to forums .
Together , these sources can keep you up to date on all the latest business developments .
Wall Street Journal Business
The Wall Street Journal kicks off this list for two reasons .
First , it ’s the source for all business related news and has been since it began in 1889 .
Second , the online version brings you the latest news but , unlike other sources online , this news is vetted .
NYT Business
The New York Times Business page is a reliable source of business news precisely because its backed by the NYT name , their editors , and a crack team of reporters .
The slightly left - leaning bent of this publication will balance out the more conservative Wall Street Journal .
Business Insider
Business Insider was launched in 2009 , so it ’s a relatively recent addition to the world of business news .
Do n’t let its novelty fool you , though , because it ’s consistently ranked among the best business and finance websites in the world .
Inc
Inc was founded in 1979 , so it operates as both a print magazine and as a website .
They publish daily articles about the business world and all things related to business , including tech and other subjects .
Yahoo Finance
Yahoo was , once upon a time , one of the giants of the tech world .
But much has change––and now most of Yahoo is just short of a laughing stock .
Most .
Yahoo
Finance , however , is still an industry leader and as such earns its place on our list .
Harvard Business Review
Harvard Business Review is the gold standard from the academic side of business .
This is your place to see the latest studies , data , and other reliable sources of business knowledge .
Reddit Startup
This forum taps the wisedom of the hive mind––nearly half a million startup employees , enthusiasts , and employers all team up to troubleshoot their startup challenges .
Reddit Business
Over 500,000 redditors gather in this forum to share news and discussion about all the latest developments in the business world .
Keep a watch on this feed because the news is always flowing through this site .
The Economist Business and Finance
Founded in 1843 , the Economist is among the oldest publications in America .
Economist articles are anonymous and as a result maintain a steady voice throughout .
They focus on the more liberal side of business news .
“ It ’s for vagrants , ” said the police chief , Donald J. Lee Jr. “ People who are out on the streets , disrupting the quality of life or experience for visitors , residents and businesses . ”
What some call vagrants , of course , others call simply down - and - out .
The police say their targets are people like the homeless man arrested last week after he told two teenage girls they were sexy and offered them a swig of his Jack Daniel’s .
Yet in a city of 25,000 that claims to have more bars per capita than anywhere else in the country , enforcement can sometimes look selective .
The police now regularly question the homeless but ignore visitors like the man at a table near Ms. Skinner ’s Jeep last week .
He was passed out before sunset , snoring , with a 16 - ounce beer in front of him and two chickens pecking near his feet .
Only his pressed shorts and a half - eaten Godiva chocolate bar suggested that he had a home .
Amateur videos online also display the challenge here of defining a quality - of - life offense .
Ignoring the trouble longtime resident Ernest Hemingway might get in if he were still alive , consider this :
Does community policing mean that the guy rolling through a puddle at a crosswalk is enjoying his own quality of life or violating someone else ’s ?
If you ’re playing air guitar to Ozzy Osbourne , weaving back and forth on the sidewalk , are you a bother or just a passionate fan ?
The stars of these videos do not seem to have been arrested , though the puddle swimmer acted in front of a police car .
The homeless see it as a double standard .
FIVE TRADING DAYS FIVE TRADING DAYS
Dow Jones industrial average , five days NEW YORK 
Investors expecting a pullback in stocks — and there are plenty of them — are going to have to wait .
As of Friday the Dow Jones industrial average has entered its longest winning streak in more than six years .
Investors expecting a pullback in stocks — and there are plenty of them — are going to have to wait .
As of Friday the Dow Jones industrial average has entered its longest winning streak in more than six years .
Stocks climbed again Friday after a strong report on new home sales more than offset mixed news from corporate earnings reports .
Investors were also keeping a cautious eye fixed on Greece 's ongoing debt problems after the country decided to tap a bailout program .
The Dow Jones industrial average closed the day higher for the 11th time in the past 12 trading days .
Friday 's 70 - point gain wrapped up the index 's eighth straight weekly rise , which matches its longest string of gains since a two - month stretch that ended in January 2004 .
Analysts have been saying for weeks that the market could be primed for a pullback , yet it still has n't materialized .
" It 's been quite a run , " said Stephen Carl , head of equity trading at The Williams Capital Group in New York .
Carl said momentum could be slowing after stocks have been on a nearly unbroken path upward over the past two months .
The Dow is up 8.5 % during its two - month climb .
The pattern of slow , steady gains leads analysts to believe that investors are becoming less discerning in their stock picking , leaving the market vulnerable if sentiment shifts for the worse .
" The market is trying to sort out how overbought it is , " said Nick Kalivas , vice president of financial research at MF Global in Chicago .
" That 's left us in a choppy state . "
Volume has been low during the stretch , which analysts say is proof that investors are not fully confident that the gains are built on a solid foundations .
Despite that skepticism , stocks continued their recent pattern of slow but steady climbs upward Friday .
The Dow rose 69.99 , or 0.6 % , to 11,204.28 on Friday , closing near its high for the day .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 8.61 , or 0.7 % , to 1,217.28 , while the Nasdaq composite index rose 11.08 , or 0.4 % , to 2,530.15 .
The gains followed another report showing the economy is getting better .
The Commerce Department said sales of new homes jumped 27 % in March , bouncing off a record low in February .
It was the best month since July and the biggest monthly increase in 47 years .
However much of the recent big gains in home sales were likely fueled by customers who are trying to qualify for federal tax credits that will expire at the end of this month .
Friday was the second straight day the sector got good news .
On Thursday , the National Association of Realtors said sales of existing homes also rose last month .
Joe Heider , principal at Rehmann in Cleveland , said the home sales report is a strong indication that consumers are growing more confident about the economy .
" We 're seeing that people have the confidence to make the biggest purchase of their lives , " Heider said .
" And that bodes well for the markets . "
Shares of homebuilders including PulteGroup and Lennar rose sharply as hopes grew that the troubled housing sector may finally be on the mend .
Housing has been one of the hardest - hit sectors in the economy , helping to the economy into recession in late 2007 .
Gold and oil rose after the housing report , pushing shares of energy and materials stocks higher throughout the day .
Before the housing report , major indexes were slightly lower following mixed earnings from two Dow components .
There was also skepticism that the latest effort to resolve Greece 's debt problems would work out in the long term .
Dow components Microsoft and Travelers Cos. both fell after their quarterly results failed to impress investors .
Travelers fell 41 cents to $ 53.38 .
Microsoft 's shares fell 43 cents to $ 30.96 .
The technology - heavy Nasdaq was hurt by a disappointing earnings outlook from Amazon.com .
Its shares fell $ 6.46 , or 4.3 % , to $ 143.63 .
Homebuilders were the big gainers on the day .
Pulte shares rose 71 cents , or 5.7 % , to $ 13.19 .
Lennar jumped 79 cents , or 4 % , to $ 20.53 .
Five stocks rose for every two that fell on the New York Stock Exchange .
Volume came to 1.21 billion shares .
In Europe , stock indexes rose after Greek officials said they would tap a rescue package from the 15 other countries that use the euro and the International Monetary Fund .
The move gives Greece better interest rates on its debt than it would be able to get from private investors .
Some remained skeptical , however , if the bailout would provide a long - term solution to Greece 's debt woes .
Investors also expect that other weak European countries such as Portugal may require help , further undermining confidence in the euro , Europe 's shared currency .
The euro did rebound late in the day against the dollar after touching its lowest level in a year against the U.S. currency earlier Friday .
Bond prices fell as investors moved into stocks .
The yield on the benchmark 10 - year Treasury note rose to 3.82 % from 3.78 % late Thursday .
The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies rose 7.61 , or 1 % , to 741.92 .
Overseas , Britain 's FTSE 100 rose 1 % , Germany 's DAX index gained 1.5 % , and France 's CAC - 40 rose 0.7 % .
Japan 's Nikkei stock average fell 0.3 % .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Last week saw the release of KICK - ASS a promising Comic Book Movie with a tepid box office on opening weekend .
Industry types were somewhat surprised , as the title and premise suggested a bigger response , but those of us in the know expected it .
You ca n’t fake KICK - ASS , it has to be in your blood , your pores and in your gonads , my friends , or the audience knows .
As much as I admire the work of Mark Millar and John Romita Jr , the creators of this epic story , I simply cannot in good conscious call them KICK - ASS examples of the male species .
While Millar is British , and therefore has soccer hooliganism in his DNA , Mr. Romita is an average - sized man , with straight teeth and no criminal record to speak of .
I ’d feel fairly confident facing either of them in a bar fight , and I ’m willing to go in sober and unarmed .
But the world of comics DOES include some of the most stunningly macho examples of man-flesh in the history of the visual arts , and you should know about them , if only to avoid their supremely terrifying gaze if they appear at conventions .
Be afraid fanboys , of —
9
THE TOP SEVEN COMIC CREATORS WHO COULD LITERALLY KICK YOUR ASS .
8
# 7
Ken Lashley
Currently illustrating The Flash .
You know that scene in Jurassic Park where the water is jiggling in the cups , so you know there ’s a giant dinosaur coming ?
That ’s based on Ken Lashley .
Ken is the largest human in the comic industry , if not in western civilization .
At seven foot nine , eight hundred and sixty pounds ( and none of it fat ) , the only reason he does n’t play professional football is that “ it would n’t be fair to the other players ” .
I ’m big , but whenever I ’m in a room with Ken , he makes me feel like a skinny schoolgirl in knee high socks , with a Hello Kitty backpack .
Seriously .
He happens to be a pleasant , quiet , somewhat reserved individual , however , which is a disappointment to lovers of ass - kicking manly misbehavior the world over .
I never thought it was part of Ken ’s character to be aggressive — until I saw his cover for Excalibur # 73
This is the single most testosterone - fueled drawing I ’ve ever seen .
It ’s an existential scream of pure maleness rarely witnessed outside of Heavy Metal Gay Snuff - porn .
This image of a blue - balled demon radiating nuclear energy from his dick while magnetically attracting the red lady , makes anyone viewing it more manly by 25 % — including any girls .
And AFTER seeing this illustration , if any of you go out and kick someone ’s ass , Ken Lashley officially gets the assist .
8
# 6
Charles Moulton ( aka Dr. William Moulton Marston ) .
This Y - chromosome - soaked head - shrinker helped create three amazing
legacies for himself in the 20th Century .
One was the polygraph machine ( the Lie Detector ) which has done more to fight crime than a squad room full of cops on a lifetime steroid binge–another was the fictional queen of lesbo bondage adventure , Wonder Woman .
But Dr. Will got his high testosterone scores in a much more impressive way .
He was in an openly poly - amorous relationship with two ladies his entire life– had kids with both women– and the one he WASN ’T legally married to , was the one he based Wonder Woman on .
Anyone who could keep TWO sexy bisexual fetish - doms happy for a lifetime of tied - up joy had to be producing twice the man -sauce you and I were issued at birth and could easily pound our weak asses into the sand without breaking a sweat .
Trust me .
8
# 5
Jim Steranko
This Nick Fury artist had a comic career that was finished and done forty - five years ago — it lasted for maybe four months — and he ’s STILL considered one of the most influential artists who ever worked .
The balls it takes to be THAT good at something and walk away from it is impressive enough , but it ’s par for the course for the Most Interesting Man in Comics .
Let ’s take a look at a recent photo of this senior citizen to give you a sense of his essence .
Steranko was born tough .
Instead of spending his youth PLAYING Grand Theft Auto on his mommy ’s couch with his brother ’s game system , Teen - Steranko stole actual cars , and occasionally got arrested for it .
That experience in the lock - up inspired him to become a circus escape artist , where laughing at thick , manly chains is in the job description .
But even this was n’t enough for Jim ( Grand Cojones ) Steranko , who permanently moved into the he-man badass club - for - life when he became a professional sword swallower and FIRE - EATER .
Now you know why Steranko could write the adventures of spy - stud Nick Fury with such authority , and why he insisted on calling Nick the “ ramrod ” of SHIELD .
9
# 4
Jack ( King ) Kirby
We all know that Kirby was THE hardest working man in the history of comics who could write and draw an entire comic book in five days , and it would STILL be better than the one that took you three months .
But besides being an authentic artistic genius , Jolly Jack was an authentic war hero of epic proportion .
MANLY MOMENT #1 : When he found out he was going to be drafted , Kirby did n’t go get drunk and beg the local girls for a “ shipping - out - tomorrow ” roll in the hay … instead he WORKED TWICE AS MANY HOURS PER DAY to double his already astounding output , and stockpile enough pages to continuing publishing his titles without missing an issue while he personally punched out the Nazi war machine .
MANLY MOMENT # 2 : While sleeping in an infantry foxhole in the winter of ’ 44 Kirby got frostbite , and was shipped to a hospital where a doctor wanted to take his legs .
Jack said no , and just to show off , he forced the circulation back into his limbs by power of his own male will .
MANLY MOMENT # 3 : When a commanding officer discovered Kirby could draw , he started sending Jack out ALONE at night to sketch the terrain and draw maps of enemy territory .
Kirby went behind enemy lines armed with a pencil and paper .
Eat that , pussies .
9
# 3
Mike Grell
“ Iron ” Mike has so much more going for him than being the creator of THE WARLORD ( who is that half - naked dude with a giant helmet and a big broadsword who ISN ’T Conan ) .
To begin with , anyone who ’s named after a foundry metal without a trace of irony is already tougher than anyone you ’ve ever met .
But Grell gets his he - man cred the old fashioned way .
He ’s the Ted Nugent of comics — a big game hunter who delights in personally killing and eating the larger creatures of our world , often with no more than an arrow , a knife and his own teeth .
Though I do n’t share his love of blood sports , I do share his carnivorous taste buds , and while having lunch with him at a convention a while ago , I brought it up .
He told me that he refuses to eat any creature unless he ’s already killed at least one of their species .
“ I ’ve cut the throats of chickens , ducks , geese … I ’ve butchered my own cow .
I feel I owe it to the meals I eat , ” he said to me , with an expression I refuse to describe as “ Lecter - like ” .
I ca n’t argue with the logic , but I told him it meant he could never enjoy a crocodile steak or shark - fin soup — two meals I have tasted in my travels .
His response , I swear to god : “ I have n’t eaten shark fin soup … . yet . ”
Brrrr .
8
# 2
Bill Mauldin
As the creator of the extremely popular WWII comic series , “ Willie and Joe ” , Bill Mauldin was the first , last and only cartoonist whose job required him TO BE SHOT AT TO MEET DEADLINES .
While with the 45th Infantry , Bill was part of the invasion of Sicily , sketching cartoons about frontline life for “ The 45th Division News ” , in between dodging live rounds .
These cartoons became popular enough that Bill was transferred to Stars and Stripes for the duration and told to produce the adventures of Willie and Joe as a matter of vital national need .
Any man with a normal set of testes would have hopped a jeep for the rear and started sharpening pencils , gleeful to be out of danger , but not Bill .
Instead he asked for his own jeep , and spent the rest of the war DRIVING AROUND THE FRONT LINES looking for ideas .
And just to prove he was n’t kidding around , in September of 1943 , he had his drawing shoulder ripped apart by a German mortar while visiting a machine gun crew near Monte Cassino .
True to his granite - testicled manner , Bill used it as an opportunity to do a few cartoons about life in an army hospital and kept right on going .
MIND - BOGGLING MAN POINTS : General George Patton once threatened to court martial Mauldin for gross insubordination , but the cartoonist was rescued from discipline by none other than Supreme Allied Commander and future President , Dwight Eisenhower , who told Patton that Mauldin ’s characters were essential for troop morale and to “ leave him alone ” .
Next time you get in trouble , wait and see if the MOST POWERFUL MAN ON THE PLANET shows up to have your back …
9
# 1
Larry Hama
Whatever those Nancies at Hasbro might think about inventing the famous American action figure with the Kung Fu grip , Larry Hama created GI Joe for a generation of fans , and knows more about macho conflict - fiction than anyone alive .
And lest you think his world of big guns and phallic - named characters was only the product of Larry ’s wimpy imagination , you should know this : Hama is an eighth - degree black belt in five different martial arts .
I do n’t know what that eighth - degree means , because every time I ask about it , someone kicks my ass , but I figure being ANY black belt qualifies Larry to obliterate me with one hand .
And just in case Larry has to kill you from a distance , he ’s a qualified marksman and weapons expert from his time in Viet Nam serving in the Army Corps of Engineers during the war .
And if that list of impressive man points has n’t dropped you to your knees in supplication –Hama ’s specialty in the Corps ?
Demolition and explosives .
So naturally , the single most goddamned dangerous man in the history of our medium ended up the editor of Wonder Woman comics .
He owed it to Dr. Moulton .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
That ’s it for today .
My delicate , lily white ass cannot stand sitting for so long .
I have to lie down .
Ty the Guy
click here for more of Ty ’s Top Seven lists
Share :
| By
When you ’re involved in a serious legal matter , you need experience and focused knowledge on your side .
I am attorney Angela Arellanes , and at Angela Arellanes Law in Albuquerque , New Mexico , I have defended clients in both criminal defense law and personal injury law for over 25 years .
NM Criminal Defense
When you have been accused of a crime in New Mexico , whether it ’s a misdemeanor or felony , you face very serious consequences .
You have the right to experienced and aggressive representation to protect your future !
As an experienced criminal defense attorney , I will provide a solid and thorough defense for charges including :
I will work tirelessly to defend you and pursue the best possible outcome for your situation !
Call 505.247.2417 to speak with an experienced criminal defense and personal injury attorney today !
NM Personal Injury
When you or a loved one is injured or killed due to the negligence of another , the consequences can be devastating .
I will do everything necessary to help you pursue the compensation you may be entitled to for :
I will be by your side to help you fight for what you need to relieve the financial burden you face .
Contact Your Experienced Albuquerque Criminal Defense & PI Attorney
When you ’re facing a serious legal matter and its consequences , I understand that your future is at stake .
I have many years of experience representing clients who have been charged with criminal acts as well as those who have sustained serious injuries in accidents caused by another ’s negligence .
I have defended clients at the state and federal levels and I am a Member of the Bar for the :
United States Supreme Court
United States Court of Appeals
United States District Court
I am also a member of Professional Associations :
New Mexico Trial Lawyers Association
New Mexico Criminal Defense Lawyers Association
New Mexico Hispanic Bar Association
Contact me for a consultation to discuss your case .
You will have an experienced attorney on your side .
Hablamos Español
Natasha Paton died in the crash near Biggar in South Lanarkshire Heavy snow and strong winds in parts of the UK have brought travel chaos to roads and cuts to power supplies .
Natasha Paton , 17 , from Cleghorn , was killed when a school coach crashed on the A73 at Wiston , South Lanarkshire .
Meanwhile , 107 people have been stranded on an Edinburgh to Inverness train for six hours after it became stuck in a snowdrift in the Highlands .
Some 30,000 homes in Northern Ireland remain without power , but the number has dropped to about 4,500 in Scotland .
Temperatures have remained close to zero in much of Scotland , with the warmest conditions recorded in south - west England .
' Beloved daughter '
The Met Office has issued severe weather warnings for Wednesday night and early Thursday in Scotland for areas such as the Highlands , Grampian , Lothian and Borders .
There were also warnings of widespread icy roads in Northern Ireland , where Northern Ireland Electricity said around 100,000 customers had suffered power cuts in the past 24 hours .
The conditions here are absolutely atrocious and the roads are very , very slippy
Crash eyewitness Bill Ward
Teenage girl dies in coach crash Heavy snow creates travel chaos Motorists freed from trapped cars Spring snow hits parts of Wales Natasha 's parents issued a statement in which they said they were " devastated " at the loss of their " beloved daughter " , adding that she would " be greatly missed by all who knew her " .
The school coach had been carrying 39 students from Lanark Grammar School , five members of staff and a driver when it left the road and finished on its side just after 0600 BST on Wednesday .
They had been due to travel to Alton Towers theme park , in Staffordshire .
Three other children were seriously injured and two people were airlifted to hospital in Glasgow .
NHS Lanarkshire said 44 people in total had received hospital treatment following the crash , 19 of whom remained in various hospitals around Lanarkshire and Glasgow .
The health board said all the patients were in a stable condition .
South Lanarkshire Council said its " thoughts and prayers " were with Natasha 's family .
Strathclyde Police said the crash was being investigated but road conditions had been " horrendous " and snow " had a part to play " .
Parent Susan Thornton , who chose not to allow her son Adam to go on the outing , questioned why the trip had gone ahead given the weather conditions .
She told the BBC News channel : " I was very surprised .
It was midnight when I made the decision .
When I woke it was clear that it had been snowing through the night . "
Relief train
The remote location and snowy conditions hampered efforts to reach passengers after stuck on the Edinburgh to Inverness train .
It became stranded between Carrbridge and Slochd stations on Wednesday evening on one of the UK's highest railways , about six miles north of the Aviemore ski resort .
A Northern Constabulary spokesman said all the passengers were well but added that it " has been difficult to reach them because of the location " .
First ScotRail said a snowplough had cleared the track and a four - coach relief train carrying food and water was being sent to the area to collect those on board .
The company said it expected to get the passengers to Inverness by 0330 BST .
A spokesman said : " People have been on board for about six hours - they are tired and fed up , but the driver has said no - one is in distress . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Earlier on Wednesday , police said they had rescued 300 people from vehicles , including a school bus , stuck in snow on the Glenshane Pass , near Londonderry .
Ch Insp Steven Cargin , of the Police Service of Northern Ireland , said the rescue operation had involved police , mountain rescue and coastguard workers .
Motorists were taken to Dungiven Leisure Centre , in Derry , only for a power failure to strike , forcing them to relocate to nearby Limavady and Maghera .
Some had spent 10 hours in their vehicles without food and drink .
Jackie O'Hagan , who was one of those rescued , described the experience as being akin to " Armageddon " .
Police said no - one had been injured in the operation , although nine people had refused to leave their vehicles .
Officers said driving conditions across Northern Ireland were " treacherous " and advised motorists to slow down .
A severe weather warning lasting until 0800 BST on Thursday has been issued for icy roads .
In other developments : Vehicles were stuck in various places in Aberdeenshire overnight on Tuesday
Some roads were difficult or impassable in the Borders , and in central Edinburgh two men had a lucky escape after a tree fell on their car
The East Coast Main Line , which has been closed between Edinburgh and Berwick - Upon - Tweed , will resume on Thursday with minor timetable changes
There were no ferry services between Scotland and Northern Ireland
Flights to and from Belfast International Airport have been subject to cancellations and delays
Operation Stack , where lorries headed for France are parked on parts of the M20 , was put into practice by police in Kent after bad weather hit ferry crossings .
FORECAST FROM BBC WEATHER
The enhanced content on this page requires Javascript and Flash Player 9 Map Key Land
Land Cloud
Cloud Lakes , Rivers & Sea Fog Light Heavy Frost Light Heavy Pressure Fronts
Cold Cold
Warm Warm
Occluded Occluded Rain Light Heavy Extreme Snow Light Heavy Temperature tab only Temperature ( °C ) More details from BBC Weather Are you in an area affected by heavy snow and blizzards ?
Send your comments using the post form below .
Send your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to 61124 or you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A pair of Swedish designers came up with a fascinating table design , one that folds and entire dinner table to something that can fit in a corner .
Grand Central is an innovative expandable table that transforms from space - saving occasional table to the central piece of the room .
The tabletop is divided into 22 pieces that folds out in a spectacular way through its advanced construction — dramatic and poetic at the same time .
The inspiration comes from a pop-up map of New York .
The web has been abuzz the past couple days over the collectible L - lens look - alike coffee mugs Canon was passing out at the Olympics .
Everyone is asking whether they ’ll be available to the general public .
One of our readers , Chris Wilkinson , has sent in photos of the Canon EF Lens Collector Cup he actually purchased from a local camera store in Canada .
He tells us ,
I saw the photo via Petapixel ’s link to PDNPulse , so I emailed the photo to Carsand Mosher in Truro , Nova Scotia .
A store I ’ve purchased every piece of photo equipment to date , and they know my obsession with Canon branded promotional items .
The subject line was “ Just one question ” the body was “ Can you get this : ” and the mug photo in the body of the message .
To my delight , The reply was “ Yes …and I thought of you when I saw those this past Monday .
We ordered some , and we have a sample here fresh in the box .
They will sell for $ 29.99 ( cad ) .
A few minutes later , another reply came in that they have two samples on hand .
I bought both .
One for use , one that will remain wrapped for my collection .
They arrived in the black gift wrap complete with the red ribbon , perhaps cleverly imitating the red ring .
These samples may have been special , or maybe even an add - on from my camera shop .
Either way , I ca n’t see the regular stock wrapped in black paper and a ribbon .
According to my sales rep , they are taking pre-orders for the mugs now , many colleagues of mine have placed pre-orders for the regular stock when ( if ? ) it arrives .
Wow .
If these things actually go on sale to the general public for $ 29.99 CAD ( currently about $ 29.13 USD )
I ’m sure there going to sell like hotcakes .
Here ’s a video Chris uploaded showing his mug :
Yup .
It ’s obviously real .
PDN Reporting the Opposite
Do n’t get your hope up TOO much though .
PDNPulse is reporting that the mugs may not be available anytime soon :
Despite rumors that the mugs would be offered as free swag to those attending the WPPI Convention in Las Vegas next week , a Canon spokesperson tells us they were created by Canon Canada solely as a giveaway to photographers at last month ’s Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
They also received another photograph of the mug from Josh Weisberg of Microsoft :
24-105 mm f4L IS Coffee Cup Giveaway ?
DSLR News Shooter is doing a giveaway for a… 24-105 coffee cup ?
We ’re not sure how real this is , but the photographs they have in the post sure look real :
They ’re asking that you register on their site with your name and email , and then leave a comment on the post for a chance to win the mug .
How much do you want one of these things ?
If one of them was being auctioned on eBay , how much would you bid ?
Chris Perkins wrote a fascinating message to the LispWorks mailing list about a new release of a neat product :
Thanks to the LispWorks team for making a great product .
Being able to deliver cross platform is fantastic .
And , it goes without saying , that being able to develop in Common Lisp is priceless .
The Common Lisp application was developed by just one person ( myself ) , though I used quite a few libraries , so I guess I was n't totally alone .
The rest of our team worked on the C and javascript and OpenLaszlo sides .
In previous version of SiteGrinder we used a lisp ( xlisp ) that was embedded directly into the C Photoshop plugin .
But this version has a very different architecture and the C Photoshop plugin communicates with a separate CAPI LispWorks application over a socket .
We used CAPI for the simple interface in the application , but the main UI used in the Photoshop plugin and in the browser was done with OpenLaszlo .
I emailed him and asked for a little more info , and this is what he shared :
SiteGrinder 3 Description
SiteGrinder 3 converts Photoshop designs into working websites .
For a user the basic workflow is to start the " design phase " and to place hints on some of their layernames ( like - button or - text ) so SiteGrinder knows how to output the elements of the pages .
The user then clicks " Build " , Photoshop is automated to slice up and output the graphics and SiteGrinder outputs all the necessary CSS , HTML and javascript .
Then , in the browser , the user can continue to make more modifications to the page .
Setting animation settings , advanced CSS settings that have no analog in Photoshop ( visited , hover , click states ) , play with form alignment and more .
After doing this the user might return to Photoshop and make more changes , build again , repeat .
When they are happy with a design , they " deploy " it to a site directory and start the " content phase " .
In the content phase they have a CMS that lets them edit text , set links , configure ecommerce controls and more .
They can also upload the site .
If they 've configured the site with our Control Add - on then the CMS follows them to their server and remains editable even without having SiteGrinder or Photoshop installed .
SiteGrinder Anatomy
About 60 or 70 percent of the entire code base is in Common Lisp .
It forms the ' SiteGrinder 3 Engine ' , which is the central application for SiteGrinder 3 .
The Photoshop plugin itself is written in C , but it is just a wrapper that displays the UI , controls Photoshop , communicates with the Engine , and does what the Engine commands it to do .
There is no application logic in the plugin itself .
The user interface is mostly done in OpenLaszlo .
This is a data driven interface .
So the Engine produces the XML that determines what UI controls are shown the user .
There are several OpenLaszlo user interfaces : one in Photoshop , and nearly a dozen that run in the browser alongside the web page that is being developed .
As much as possible we tried to keep application logic out of the OL code .
The Engine scans the Photoshop file , looks for hints , makes decisions on how to output the file , passes commands to Photoshop via the C plugin , and outputs the HTML and CSS , etc .
The Engine is also a web server ( using s- http - server ) and it displays the pages after they are built as well as serves the OpenLaszlo interface controls alongside and on top of the page so users can adjust the page design or adjust its content .
The Engine can also output a PHP version of the CMS .
There is as - yet - undocumented ability to create plugins for something called xmedia layers and those plugins are written in a psuedo - lisp and compiled into PHP ( if needed ) by the Engine .
The PHP version of the CMS probably represents about 5 or 10 % of the code base .
We also have a javascript / xml plugin architecture for handling image galleries , and there have been quite a few of those developed .
So , for your pie chart
Common Lisp : 60 - 70 % .
C : 10 - 15 %
OpenLaszlo : 15 -20 %
PHP : 5 - 10 %
Javascript : 2 -5 %
This is code we wrote and does not include any libraries used .
Hope this helps ,
Chris
California 's First Full - Scale Desalination Plant Lets Residents Drink the Pacific Ocean
The plant could produce more than 98 million gallons of drinking water per year
I just wanna thank all who faved , downloaded , viewed and commented it !
I did n't expect that .
Thank you !
Taipei , April 21 ( CNA )
Love has proved more powerful than a volcanic eruption as a central European couple have gotten married in Taiwan after being unable to return to Europe for their wedding that had been planned for April 24 .
The 32 - year - old Juraj Hegyi married Zuzana Marcekova , whom he has been in love with for 13 years , Tuesday at the Orchard Park Hotel in northern Taiwan 's Taoyuan County .
The hotel is not far from Taiwan 's main international gateway , Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport , where many passengers have been stranded after their flights to Europe were canceled because of a volcanic eruption in Iceland .
None of the couple 's family members were present at wedding , but many local residents , hotel staffers and other European travelers like Hegyi and Marcekova stranded in Taiwan were on hand to help the couple celebrate their marriage .
Hegyi , a physician from Slovakia , and Marcekova , 31 , a radiology technician from the Czech Republic , were taking a trip through Asia and had planned to return home for their wedding in Slovakia on April 24 .
They had visited Thailand , Singapore and Hong Kong before flying to Taiwan for a transit stop before heading on to Europe , but by that time , the ash drift spread by the volcano had already shut down air travel over the continent .
Marcekova said they had to cancel the wedding they had planned for more than a year after learning their flight home would be postponed indefinitely .
That realization sent Marcekova into tears , according to hotel staff .
After learning of the couple 's story , hotel founder and chairman Li San-lian decided to organize a wedding ceremony for them within a day .
Dozens of hotel staffers and workers were summoned to assist the couple in purchasing wedding rings , arranging a ceremony and selecting a wedding gown .
With all of the couple 's new Taiwanese friends and her love for her husband , the " volcanic eruption was nothing , " said the bride after the ceremony .
The wedding was based on a traditional Christian ceremony -- singing Christian songs , reading bible passages , and exchanging rings -- and was witnessed by Christian minister Kao Tien - yuan from Chung Yuan Christian University .
Family members of the couple watched the ceremony via video conference .
Expressing his gratitude , Hegyi said the passion of the Taiwanese people and the hotel 's assistance saved them from feeling regret for the rest of their lives .
" Life is full of surprises .
Taiwan will be a memory that we will never forget , " he said .
( By Chiu Chun-chin and Elizabeth Hsu )
In March 2010 BBC Oxford ’s local music show “ Introducing … ” celebrates its fifth birthday .
To mark the occasion the team have also decided to recreate Radiohead ’s seminal album The Bends .
Their version , dubbed ‘ Round The Bends ’ , is a loving reinterpretation of the classic record which is 15 years old in March .
The team have brought together their favourite acts to work their magic on these amazing Radiohead songs .
Each of the album tracks have been completely reinterpreted and as a whole stand together as a phenomenal homage to the original .
Local band Stornoway kick off proceedings with their version of Planet Telex .
Stornoway are arguably the most successful local group of late having played at Radio 1 ’s Big Weekend , Glastonbury and on Jools Holland .
They started the new year in The BBC ’s Sound Of 2010 list .
Richard Walters and Little Fish have also given up time from their hectic international schedules to play tracks on the album .
‘ Round The Bends ’ also features various new exciting discoveries from the last 12 months , such as The Scholars , Spring Offensive and Ute .
The album was released on 4 March 2010 on iTunes .
A total of 49 p from every individual track downloaded and £ 4.90 from every album downloaded will benefit the BBC Children In Need Appeal , a company limited by guarantee .
BBC Children in Need Appeal is a charity registered in England and Wales ( 802052 ) and Scotland ( SC039557 ) ’
The album launch gig took place on 6 March at the 02 Academy .
More details can be found here .
‘ Round the Bends ’ tracklisting :
Stornoway ‘ Planet Telex ’ , Ute ‘ The Bends ’ , Jessie Grace ‘ High and Dry ’ , We Aeronauts ‘ Fake Plastic Trees ’ , Spring Offensive ‘ Bones ’ , The Winchell Riots ‘ Nice Dream ’ , Little Fish ‘ Just ’ , The Scholars ‘ My Iron Lung ’ , Richard Walters ‘ Bulletproof … I Wish I Was ’ , The Family Machine ‘ Black Star ’ , Alphabet Backwards ‘ Sulk ’ , The Evenings ‘ Street Spirit ( Fade Out ) ’ , BONUS TRACK Lee Christian ‘ Talk Show Host ’ .
( via BBC Oxford )
Joakim Noah does n't think Cleveland is a vacation destination ?
Clearly , the guy is n't spending enough time on ESPN Travel .
He 'd know about the Rock ' n ' Roll Hall of Fame , the Great Lakes Science Center , the Cleveland Museum of Natural History , Progressive Field and the Cleveland Botanical Garden .
Oh yes , we said the Cleveland Botanical Garden .
Want to know where Clevelanders think you can stick that spiny desert , Joakim ?
Anyway , Noah 's travel reviews , while not exactly Bill Bryson , got us wondering about the NBA playoffs as a vacation planner .
Would you rather spend a week in Cleveland than Oklahoma City or Milwaukee ?
Where does Noah 's professional home rank ?
Rank ' Em .
You know the joke with the lost Bedouin ?
No ?
How come ?
It ’s a very common joke , not to mention it has quite a deep meaning .
OK , I will get you out of ignorance , just relax and read on :
Although it ’s quite uncommon for a Bedouin to get lost in the desert , one of them apparently did it at some point in history .
After days of walking around the sand dunes , without water , food and nobody to comfort him around , the lost Bedouin finally meets a magic fairy .
You know the type : thin , translucent and surprisingly able to fulfill any wish you could possibly have .
Imagine our Bedouin ’s surprise when that cute floating lady whispers to him in crystal clear voice : “ Oh , you mighty Bedouin , you found me , I ’m the magic fairy of this part of the desert and I can fulfill you 3 wishes . ”
The lost Bedouin closed his eyes and mumbled : “ Now if you would be so kind to disappear when I ’ll open my eyes again , that would be great .
I ’m thirsty , tired and alone , and the only thing that could make things worse is a stupid mirage .
Now , go ! ”
To his even bigger surprise , the magic fairy was still there when he opened his eyes again .
And she looked a little bored too : “ Ok , are we going to play this again ?
Just told you I ’m a magic fairy , what do you want from me to believe ?
Can we skip to the wishes , please ? ”
A little puzzled , our Bedouin decided it ’s better to play the way she said .
After all , he had nothing to lose : if she was for real , then he got 3 wishes fulfilled , if she was a mirage , he was properly entertained ..
“ Ok , so wait a minute , I just have to think exactly what I need ” , Bedouin said .
“ No worries , magic fairy replied , I ’m here to serve you ” .
After a few minutes , our Bedouin decided he knows what he wants :
“ First thing , because I ’m walking for days in this desert without water , I would like a lot of water , right ?
Can you make it that I will always have water on me ? ”
The fairy seemed to think for a few seconds and then replied : “ Ok , I can do that .
Next ? ”
“ The second thing it ’s something a little bit special .
You know , I had this tan skin for as long as I remember my face .
Now that I met you and you said you can fulfill any possible wish , I want to take advantage of this opportunity .
Although it may sound a little bit silly …
Can you ?…
Can you make me white ?
Ok , I said it ! ”
Magic fairy looked very carefully at our Bedouin and after a few seconds replied : “ Yeap , I can do that too .
Last one , please ? ”
“ Well , you know , a man is a man .
And a man has needs .
Lots of needs .
I think you know where I ’m heading here .
But I ’ll just say it out loud : I want to be touched by lots of women .
Daily if possible .
Lots of women .
Daily .
Can you do this ? ”
Fairy acknowledged and before moving her magic wand , she whispered again , in crystal clear voice , to our lost Bedouin : “ So , you want to always have water , you want to be white and to be touched by lots of women , is that correct ? ”
“ Absolutely ” , the Bedouin replied .
One short move of the magic wand , a short mumbled magic formula and then our fairy disappeared .
The next second , our Bedouin woke up as a flush toilet in a crowded ladies ’ room : always filled with water , colored in white and touched by women daily .
Lots of women .
Daily .
Yeah , I laughed too .
But behind laughing , this joke tells a lot about our own goal setting approach .
Goal Setting and Your Private Magic Fairy
How many times you did your goal setting the same way the lost Bedouin did ?
How many times your dreams were blurred or inconsistent ?
How many times you followed impersonal social patterns just to find yourself in a totally different place than you wanted to be in ?
I know I did it at least a thousand times .
Sooner or later , if you play your cards well , the magic fairy will make your wish come true .
Call it destiny , call it Law Of Attraction , call it the Universe , call it whatever you want , but the thing is , if you wish something , in the end you ’ll get it .
That ’s the good news .
The bad news is that in the end you ’ll get it .
😉
So be very careful what you ’re wishing for .
Goal setting is a tricky thing .
At the core of our lives there ’s nobody else but us .
Our current situation is the direct result of what we dreamed about , of what we wanted to , of what we intended to happen .
We ’re all having our own private magic fairy , only we ’re not always able to see her .
But she ’s there , and she ’s doing exactly what we ’re telling her to do : she ’s fulfilling our wishes .
The Magic Fairy Goal Setting Exercise
One thing that could really help you avoid this lost Bedouin situation is what I call “ the magic fairy goal setting ” exercise .
It ’s a very simple thing you can do , not to mention it can be really fun .
How it works ?
Every time you establish some goal , put yourself in the lost Bedouin shoes .
Imagine you ’ve just met the magic fairy and you ’re up to have 3 wishes fulfilled .
How would you set up your goal ?
How will the wishes will sound ?
Compare “ I want a better career ” with ” I want to do something that I love , I want to be paid for and I want to feel good while I ’m doing it ” .
Compare “ I want a better relationship ” with “ I want a woman to love , a woman who will understand me , who will love me back and who will support me .
I want to be able to talk with her openly , to have fun together and to enjoy our journey ” .
Quite a difference , right ?
Does n’t matter if you write the wishes down , although in the beginning it will surely help .
What will matter in this exercise is to visualize the whole discussion between the magic fairy and the Bedouin .
What matters is to remember that what you wish for will come true , and if you ’re not 100 percent exact , you can end up as a flush toilet .
What follows is a short guide of how to create “ magic fairy proof ” wishes .
In other words , a practical approach to avoid the lost Bedouin situation by using a better goal setting approach .
1. Be Precise
Tell “ exactly ” what you want .
Do n’t make assumptions .
Magic fairies are usually pretty busy ( we ’re over 6 billion people to be served on this planet only , so they have plenty of work to do ) .
Do n’t just mumble metaphors like : “ I want to be touched by lots of women .
Daily ” because the magic fairy will pick the simplest first available choice .
Which , most of the time , it ’s NOT what you want .
2. Be Direct
Do n’t expect your fairy to understand by herself what you ’re wishing for .
Magic fairies are not designed to handle our goal setting process , this is our job .
They ’re designed to make what we ’re saying real , which is a very difficult job in itself .
You have to be very direct and put shyness apart .
If you ’re not telling out loud what you ’re wanting to happen , you ’re getting something extremely different .
You may become white , if that ’s what you wish for , but you may become the wrong kind of white , so to speak .
3. Be Fearless
Too many times our wishes are a result of a certain imbalance in our current environment .
Our lost Bedouin wanted a lot of water , because he experienced loss of water extensively .
So he wanted a lot of water , by fear of losing it again .
His goal setting process was rooted in fear .
And every time we ’re acting based on fear , we ’re getting strange results .
We ’re wishing loads of money , for instance , without caring what we have to do for it .
And in the process of getting loads of money we also get other people to literally shit on our heads for it .
4. Be Confident
It will happen .
Really .
Once you intended something , it will happen .
So , setting goals “ just like that ” will have the same effect as setting goals “ seriously ” .
Everything you wish for it ’s happening , period .
So , if you ’re wishing something at all , you ’d better doing it with confidence , being prepared for it .
Just sketching your goals , thinking it will just be a “ dry test ” without really happening , will put you in the lost Bedouin situation : you may wake up as a flush toilet in some ladies ’ room .
5. Be Consistent
If you did n’t get it for the first time , do n’t despair .
Adjust , improve and refine your wishes and then put up the intention again .
Our joke is describing only one meeting with the magic fairy but the untold truth is that we can meet this lady as often as we want , if we really want to .
So , keep your precise , direct , fearless and confident wishes handy , because you never know when your private magic fairy will jump again in front of you , ready to make them come true .
My Magic Fairy Request To You
Now , let ’s put this to work .
Let ’s have a magic fairy exercise .
In this specific context , you , the reader , will be my magic fairy .
Exactly , you can fulfill me 3 wishes .
Yes , of course you can . 😉
So , in order to make my wishes understandable to you , I will try to follow the 5 steps in the goal setting exercise from above .
First , here are the wishes :
1 . I want you to spread the word about this post
And I want you to use specifically these social media outlets : delicious , twitter , digg and stumbleupon .
Just click on the links and the magic will start to happen .
Of course , after you click the links , you will share this blog post with your friends ( by email or using specific social media tools ) .
No need to get out on the streets and shout about it , though ( I ’m trying to be precise here , ok ? ) .
2 . I want you to write a blog post about your own magic fairy exercise
I ’m sure you ’ve been in the lost Bedouin shoes at some point in your life .
There must have been a moment in your life when your wishes were misunderstood .
Write a blog post about it , let it out , clear it over .
Try to translate the mistaken wish into a better one .
If you do n’t have a blog , write in a journal .
If you do n’t keep a journal , start keeping one ( private magic fairies do read journals , believe me ) .
3 . I want you to link back to this blog post
So I can identify you ( and pass it on to my own magic fairy , if yours is too busy at the moment ) .
Again , if you do n’t have a blog , you do n’t have to link back to this .
But if you do , put a link back and let the world know you ’re working on your magic fairy relationship .
Now , how these wishes are following the magic fairy goal setting guidelines ?
I am precise : I gave you the exact links for spreading the word .
I ’m being direct : no need to tell you that I want you to make the world better , just share this post , that would be all .
I ’m being fearless : I ’ve been featured before on social media and I know what it takes , I even upgraded my hosting plan to cope with this .
Being featured on delicious or lifehacker could really put your server to your knees .
I ’m prepared , go on , hit me up .
I ’m being confident : I know this will happen .
I just know .
And , finally , I ’m being consistent : all my 3 wishes are related .
All 3 wishes combined will ( hopefully 😉 ) have the same effect : will spread the word about this post and help people improve their goal setting process .
Now , I wonder if I forgot something … 😉
Translations of this article : Dutch .
At the end of my post Sweet Sour Colombian Democracy from March 23rd I mentioned that Noemí Sanín , the Conservative Party presidential candidate , can “ count on a solid popular support and will certainly challenge Santos in May ’s elections ” .
Well , the situation has now changed significantly in the last few days .
Since Antanas Mockus , the Green Party ’s presidential candidate and a very popular former mayor of Bogotá , joined forces with Sergio Fajardo , his candidacy is gaining ground and has overtaken Sanín , according to the latest polls .
Fajardo , a former mayor of Colombia ’s second largest city Medellín , was presidential candidate himself , but now agreed to join Mockus as his candidate for vice - presidency after the polls gave him little hope for success .
While the “ independent ticket ” Mockus / Fajardo is very popular in their respective cities , they are rather “ unknown ” outside of these .
If they make it to the second round , mobilizing support outside Bogotá and Medellín will be their major challenge .
They can count on considerable support from young people and students , but they need to mobilize also other strata of the population in order to be a serious presidential contender .
Andrés Felipe Arias , the Conservative Party presidential pre-candidate tightly defeated by Sanín in the party ’s primaries , recently criticized Mockus by saying that the FARC cannot be fought with mimes , alluding to Mockus ’ singular technique of using mimes to control traffic circulation and create a sense of shame among those who committed infractions while he was mayor of Bogotá .
Mockus , who is known for his eccentric and unconventional means of “ educating ” the people , countered that he was lauded by Uribe in 2003 for his achievements with regards to the city ’s security situation .
In fact , both Mockus ’ and Fajardo ’s achievements during their respective terms as mayors are considerable .
But Bogotá and Medellín alone are not Colombia .
There are concerns on a national level which will play an important role in the people ’s process of deciding who to vote for .
I believe that the main factors will be the positions of the candidates regarding the continuation of Uribe ’s democratic security policy , potential negotiations and / or hostage / prisoner exchange with the FARC , and Hugo Chávez and other “ 21st century socialists ” .
Juan Manuel Santos and , to a lesser extent , Noemí Sanín could be considered the “ natural successors ” of Uribe if the aim is to continue along the same lines of the approaches to these factors so far .
But it also needs to be considered that the situation today is different from the one 8 years ago .
Then , the major concern was the insecurity and the lack of rule of law and state presence in the country ’s territory .
Uribe has addressed these issues with success — the kidnapping and homicide rates have gone down dramatically since 2002 when he took power .
Also , the state ’s security forces are now present in all municipalities of the country .
These achievements are there , and it is important to maintain them .
Not least because of the newly gained sense of security , the economy has profited from growing domestic and foreign direct investments , ultimately contributing to the reduction of poverty and unemployment .
But there ’s also “ new ” areas of concern which emerge , such as corruption and impunity .
Mockus , with his proposal of building upon them and to move from “ democratic security ” towards “ democratic legality ” , could actually hit the nail on the head .
Security has largely been established by empowering and professionalizing the state ’s security forces–now people feel that it ’s time to empower the justice structure in Colombia in order to eradicate impunity and to combat corruption .
Whether Mockus ’ ideas and discourse are convincing enough to seriously challenge Santos remains to be seen .
But it definitely brings a new dynamic into the election campaign .
Image : © ojovisor ( found on Flickr.com )
Share this post !
Former Taoiseach Bertie
Ahern is to give up his € 83,000 ministerial pension .
His decision follows growing controversy over pensions paid to serving politicians .
Mr Ahern contacted the Department of Finance this afternoon to ask them to ' gift ' his pension back to the State .
Mr Ahern 's pension is currently the largest payment to a former office holder still in Leinster House .
This evening , former Ceann Comhairle and Health Minister Rory O'Hanlon announced he will also surrender his pension .
Fianna Fáil TD Frank
Fahey announced this afternoon that he is to ' voluntarily forgo ' his ministerial pension until he retires from Dáil Éireann , while Cork East TD Ned O'Keeffe has this evening said he too will be giving up his ministerial pension .
That leaves seven Fianna Fáil politicians who have not said they will give up the pension : three TDs - Jim McDaid , Michael Woods and Noel Treacy ; two MEPs - Pat the Cope Gallagher and Liam Aylward ; and two Senators : Ivor Callely and Terry Leyden .
Earlier , Fine Gael and Labour promised that all their serving politicians would surrender their ministerial pensions .
Labour 's Ruairi Quinn , Brian O'Shea and Emmet Stagg , as well as Fine Gael 's Bernard Allen , said they would give up their ministerial pensions .
Their move follows the decision last night by European Commissioner Máire Geoghegan - Quinn to forgo her Dáil and ministerial pensions .
Ms Geoghegan - Quinn is seeking to have the necessary arrangements put in place to allow her to ' gift ' the pensions to the State for the duration of her service as an EU Commissioner .
There have been a number of calls in recent days on Ms Geoghegan - Quinn to surrender the Oireachtas and ministerial pensions , which are worth over € 100,000 .
Her salary as a Commissioner is just under € 250,000 .
Changes to legislation
Fine Gael today published legislation to remove ministerial pensions from all sitting Oireachtas members .
Party leader Enda Kenny said that if the Government votes down the Bill next week , all Fine Gael 's ministerial pension holders will surrender them or contribute them to charity .
The legislation , an amendment to the existing legislation , would remove the pensions from sitting Oireachtas members with immediate effect .
Earlier , the Labour Party said it would draw up legislation to ban the payment of ministerial pensions to serving politicians .
Labour leader Eamon Gilmore said their legal advice was that there was no constitutional impediment to such legislation .
Labour TD Michael D Higgins , who had been donating his ministerial pension to charity , wrote to the Department of Finance last week asking for it to be stopped .
The Taoiseach , meanwhile , has insisted that Opposition proposals to end the payment of ministerial pensions to serving politicians would be unconstitutional .
Brian Cowen told the Dáil that property rights are protected in the Constitution and that the Government 's position was based on the advice of the Attorney General .
He reiterated that there had been a 25 % reduction in pensions paid to serving politicians , and that if people wanted to make a larger contribution that was up to them .
Details
Labour TD Ruairi Quinn , a former Minister for Finance , said he had made his decision because of the poor state of the public finances and because economic conditions in the country had not improved since the original pension reductions were made .
Last year , Mr Quinn received a ministerial pension of €41,656.04 .
Bernard Allen was Minister of State for Sport during the Rainbow Coalition .
The Cork North Central TD told RTÉ that by giving up his pension , which was worth € 50 a week after tax , he might put pressure on some of the ' high rollers ' receiving large pensions .
Last year , his pension , before tax , was worth € 5,485.49 .
Labour TD Emmet Stagg was appointed Minister of State at the Department of Transport , Energy and Communications in 1995 and received a pension last year of € 7,716 .
Waterford Labour TD Brian O'Shea , a former junior minister , received € 7,716.47 last year .
Fianna Fáil 's Frank Fahey received a pension last year of € 37,205 .
( Mashable ) -- AT&T is officially opening up its recommendation service , Buzz.com , to the public .
We wrote about the project when it was still in beta in January .
The service is essentially Yelp meets Yellowpages.com and it shares a lot of similarities with the new Google Places .
The idea behindBuzz.com is to leverage users ' existing social graphs alongside traditional , location - based business search .
So if I look up " movie theater " in Atlanta , Georgia , I can see not just a listing of places , but also how many people have rated the place as a " favorite " and if any of my friends have rated or favorited it as well .
Right now , Buzz.com integrates with Facebook Connect , so you can ask questions via Buzz.com and on Facebook to receive recommendations and answers to your queries .
We assume that Buzz.com will integrate with Twitter in the future as well .
Although open to the public , the product is still very much in beta .
While the interface seems easy enough to use , I had lots of duplicate or outdated entries in my search results .
This is something that can be cleaned up , but right now it 's difficult to rate or favorite a place when it is listed numerous times .
While location - based search paired with reviews from others and from your own social graph is a very cool concept , it 's also not very original at this point .
AT&T has been developing Buzz.com for more than a year and a half , so this is n't so much a case of being late to the party as it is poor timing -- and poor naming .
One of the biggest questions we have about Buzz.com is , in truth , its name .
Yahoo Buzz came to the market first , followed by Google Buzz earlier this year .
It 's understandable that with a private beta already underway , AT&T would n't want to change product names ; however , in this case , we think the company should have considered it .
Google Buzz coupled with Google Places is extremely similar to what Buzz.com is all about .
The only real difference is that Buzz.com is designed to plug into Facebook Connect , whereas Google is using its own social graph .
Facebook integration sounds like a plus , but at this stage , the extent of the integration and how useful it will be largely depends on how many of your friends are going to sign up and use Buzz.com .
Google Buzz is n't the only service that Buzz.com is going against ; Yelp , Citysearch and more location - based social networks like Foursquare , Gowalla and Loopt are all in this same territory .
What value is Buzz.com going to offer users that these already established services do n't ?
From what we can see , Buzz.com is really an attempt to modernize the aging YellowPages.com ecosystem .
With Google Places , YellowPages.com has increased competition , and we think that Buzz.com will need to get some killer features -- like pulling in recommendations from other location - based sites and promoting special offers or coupons -- and that the YellowPages.com database will need to be seriously culled in order for this idea to take hold .
AT&T says it wants to use its experience in building mobile applications to make Buzz.com a more mobile destination .
While a default Buzz.com connect / search bar might have worked in the pre-smartphone era , we live in the world of " there 's an app for that . "
Buzz.com will also need to make its mobile applications and mobile support robust .
In time , the site might develop into something compelling and competitive .
However , at this stage , the entire concept strikes us as being too derivative -- in name and in function -- with myriad other services .
© 2013 MASHABLE.com .
All rights reserved .
posted on : May 11th , 2007
posted by : gasparin
tagged with :
The difference between true education and vocational training has been cleverly blurred .
Here are a few tips on how smart people can control other people .
If any of this rings a bell - Well , then wake up !
The first principle of people control is not to let them know you are controlling them .
If people knew , this knowledge will breed resentment and possibly rebellion , which would then require brute force and terror , and old fashioned , expensive and not 100 % certain method of control .
It is easier than you think to control people indirectly , to manipulate them into thinking what you want them to think and doing what you want them to do .
One basic technique is to keep them ignorant .
Educated people are not as easy to manipulate .
Abolishing public education or restricting access to education would be the direct approach .
That would spill the beans .
The indirect approach is to control the education they receive .
It 's possible to be a Ph.D. , doctor , lawyer , businessman , journalist , or an accountant , just to name a few examples , and at the same time be an uneducated person .
The difference between true education and vocational training has been cleverly blurred in our time so that we have people successfully practicing their vocations while at the same time being totally ignorant of the larger issues of the world in which they live .
The most obvious symptom is their absence of original thought .
Ask them a question and they will end up reciting what someone else thinks or thought the answer was .
What do they think Well , they never thought about it .
Their education consisted of learning how to use the library and cite sources .
That greatly simplifies things for the controller because with lots of money , university endowments , foundations , grants , and ownership of media , it is relatively easy to control who they will think of as authorities to cite in lieu of doing their own thinking .
Another technique is to keep them entertained .
Roman emperors did not stage circuses and gladiator contests because they did n't have television .
We have television because we do n't have circuses and gladiator events .
Either way , the purpose is to keep the people 's minds focused on entertainment , sports , and peripheral political issues .
This way you wo n't have to worry that they will ever figure out the real issues that allow you to control them .
Just as a truly educated person is difficult to control , so too is an economically independent person .
Therefore , you want to create conditions that will produce people who work for wages , since wage earners have little control over their economic destiny .
You 'll also want to control the monetary , credit , and banking systems .
This will allow you to inflate the currency and make it next to impossible for wage earners to accumulate capital .
You can also cause periodic deflation to collapse the family businesses , family farms , and entrepreneurs , including independent community banks .
To keep trade unions under control , you just promote a scheme that allows you to shift production jobs out of the country and bring back the products as imports ( it is called free trade ) .
This way you will end up with no unions or docile unions .
Another technique is to buy both political parties so that after a while people will feel that no matter whether they vote for Candidate A or Candidate B , they will get the same policies .
This will create great apathy and a belief that the political process is useless for effecting real change .
Pretty soon you will have a population that feels completely helpless , and thinks the bad things happening to them are nobody in particular 's fault , just a result of global forces or evolution or some other disembodied abstract concept .
If necessary , you can offer scapegoats .
Then you can bleed them dry without having to worry overly much that one of them will sneak into your house one night and cut your throat .
If you do it right , they wo n't even know whose throat they are cutting .
by : Charley Reese
About The Author A regular contributor from Saarbruecken , Germany .
More about Juliya Izgiyeva …
The Beauty of India : 50 Amazing Pictures
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Today we ’d like to publish something completely different for a change .
India , the country of mysterious paradoxes ; the land where civilizations and times intermix , a mysterious place which attracts people from all over the world .
In today ’s showcase we are presenting a little showcase of this astonishing contrast between wealth and misery , contemporary technologies and ancient historical monuments , plenty of languages , cultures and traditions .
Today we ’d like to publish something completely different for a change .
India , the country of mysterious paradoxes ; the land where civilizations and times intermix , a mysterious place which attracts people from all over the world .
In today ’s showcase we are presenting a little showcase of this astonishing contrast between wealth and misery , contemporary technologies and ancient historical monuments , plenty of languages , cultures and traditions .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
We present people , places , traditions , culture and a broad overview of the incredible beauty of India — something different and inspirational for a change .
Please let us know if you are interested in seeing more similar posts on Smashing Magazine in the future in the comments below .
The Beauty of India
Heart You
Feet .
Jaipur
catching up !
Diwali lights
Aishwarya Rai in the making
Golden Temple before Sunrise
A Dreamer Among the Humblest
10 Interesting Places to Visit Before You Die
Smiling .
Pali
A glance inside , a glimpse outside
Dark eyes .
Pushkar
Prayer at the Temple
Taj Mahal , the other side .
Agra
Steam Loco
Sweeping .
Varanasi
India .
A table
Colorful Masks
Bananiers en paix
back to India
Silent Prayer / Amritsar , India
Little Red Riding Hood
Golden Slumbers
india - gujarat
colors - of - india
sri meenakshi sundareswara temple
Holi in red
India style
buddha from bodhgaya
colors - of - india
India
India Wedding
Tata Ace - The True India Truck !
Indian Beauty
l ’homme de mehrangarh
Beauty of India
Damsel at Pushkar
India - Faces
Mosque ( Agra India )
Mosque
Lal baba
Colors
Indian Wedding
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Via John Sides , here ’s a piece from Fast Company a year ago about the spectacular growth of NPR over the past decade :
In one of the great under - told media success stories of the past decade , NPR has emerged not as the bespectacled schoolmarm of our imagination but as a massive news machine poised for what Dick Meyer , editorial director for digital media , half - jokingly calls “ world domination . ”
NPR ’s listenership has nearly doubled since 1999 , even as newspaper circulation dropped off a cliff .
Its programming now reaches 26.4 million listeners weekly — far more than USA Today ’s 2.3 million daily circ or Fox News ’ 2.8 million prime - time audience .
When newspapers were closing bureaus , NPR was opening them , and now runs 38 around the world , better than CNN .
It has 860 member stations — “ boots on the ground in every town ” that no newspaper or TV network can claim .
A common question on the left is , “ Why is there no liberal talk radio ? ”
That is , no wildly popular liberal version of Rush Limbaugh or Sean Hannity or Laura Schlesinger .
And the answer is : there is .
It ’s called NPR .
When lefties listen to the radio , that ’s what they listen to .
Now , NPR is obviously not any kind of direct analog to Rush .
It ’s not a one - man talk show .
It has a generally liberal worldview , but it does n’t traffic in the kind of in - your - face partisanship that Rush does .
It has an eclectic variety of shows .
And its audience comes from all over the ideological spectrum .
Still : when people wonder why lefties wo n’t listen to talk radio , they ’re wondering the wrong thing .
Lefties do listen to the radio , they just prefer listening to a different kind of radio than conservatives .
But why ?
I ’m thinking about a piece for the magazine right now that has n’t really taken form yet , but as I noodle about it this is one of the questions that I keep coming back to : when it comes to radio listening , why do conservatives prefer the style of Rush / Sean / Laura / etc .
while liberals tend to prefer the style of NPR ?
Is it just a historical accident or is there something more to it ?
Leave your guesses in comments .
At The Mims Firm , P.C. , in Mobile , we leverage our litigation experience to achieve our clients ’ objectives .
We have successfully tried hundreds of cases to verdicts in south Alabama .
Our lawyers know where the courthouse is , and are thoroughly prepared to litigate your case .
At 52 , the life - long bachelor has been fodder for such rumors for years , but with the resignation of Sen. Larry Craig , R - Idaho — the anti-gay politician who pled guilty to disorderly conduct after allegedly soliciting sex in an airport men ’s room — the internet is abuzz over who ’s next , and they ’re dying to know what ’s going on in Graham ’s bedroom .
Is it the latest grasp for the light switch in South Carolina ’s powerful political closet ?
Or the inevitable labeling of “ closet - clinging self - hater ” that befalls any content bachelor ?
Mainstream media often avoids asking older , single politicians what they do in their free time .
While there were rumors dating back 25 years , it was n’t until blog reports about Craig trolling cruisy D.C. restrooms that The Idaho Statesmen put a reporter on the story .
And even though they held the story until after Craig ’s arrest was made public , some still accused the paper of orchestrating a witch hunt .
When GQ asked last year , Graham was n’t mean , just dismissive .
He said he ’s not gay , just a loner .
But that denial is n’t stalling renewed interest in the question .
In a post on who ’s next out of the closet following Craig ’s arrest , blogger Michael Signorile ( www.signorile.com) first points a questioning finger at Graham .
“ Let ’s have a real investigation of the rumors about South Carolina Republican Senator Lindsey Graham , who … has been rumored to be gay for years , ” Signorile says .
“ Like Larry Craig , Graham has voted antigay — including for the federal marriage amendment — while people in South Carolina and Washington have discussed what some say is an open secret for a long , long time . ”
Graham is n’t the first South Carolina politician to face such questions .
While other names are omitted from this story because they are n’t at the center of national speculation ( thank your lucky chinos , boys ) they ’ve reached some of the most influential seats in state politics .
Charlie Smith , a West Ashley realtor who ran for the Statehouse twice as an openly gay man , says that he finds it laughable when activists suggest that gay South Carolinians should show political leaders that they ’re no different from straight people .
“ They know exactly what it means to be gay , ” he says .
“ They just do n’t have integrity . ”
Fortunately for them , what they do have is a gay community content with leaving the rumors for cocktail hour chatter and not front page scandal .
“ I ’m not a believer in outing , ” Smith says .
“ People have a right to deal with this in their own time . ”
He has also let opportunities go by when he could have challenged these officials about their sexuality .
“ It can be very detrimental in politics to back people into a corner , ” Smith says .
“ Even when they ’re acting against their own self interests and mine . ”
That said , he warns that the tightrope these closeted politicians are walking is thin and that positions harmful to the gay community could prompt activists to address the hypocrisy , much like they have in the Craig case .
“ They know we ’ll fight back , ” Smith says .
The comments about Graham are not new , but they have n’t seen this kind of prominence since Graham ’s 2002 election to the U.S. Senate .
Early in the campaign , state Democratic Party Chair Dick Harpootlian said Graham was “ a little too light in the loafers to fill Strom Thurmond ’s shoes . ”
He later said he did n’t know what “ too light in the loafers ” meant .
Apparently he did n’t know what too thick in the head meant either .
During a debate , Democratic candidate Alex Sanders also seemed to frame a question about Rudy Giuliani ’s endorsement as an indictment on Graham ’s personal life .
“ ( Giuliani’s ) wife kicked him out , and he moved in with two gay men and a Shih Tzu .
Is that South Carolina values ?
I do n’t think so . ”
The renewed movement to question Graham ’s sexuality wo n’t chink his armor in front of South Carolina voters , says Jack Bass , a political science professor at the College of Charleston and co-author of Strom : The Complicated Personal and Political Life of Strom Thurmond .
“ I believe South Carolina voters are far more interested in the performance of elected politicians than in issues of personal privacy , ” Bass says .
“ I believe Lindsey Graham is widely respected by South Carolina voters as an independent voice who stands up for what he believes in . ”
With rampant calls for a primary opponent to challenge Graham next year , it likely wo n’t be the Dems that Graham has to be concerned about with the gay - baiting .
While many in the Democratic Party have reveled at the scandalous exit of Sen .
Craig , a long - standing opponent of gay rights , the most vocal calls for his ouster came from his own party , including presidential candidate John McCain , Graham ’s Senate BFF .
The pattern seems to be that you do n’t come out until befallen in scandal , what with New Jersey Gov. Jim McGreevey ’s hiring his honey , Congressman Mark Foley ’s chasing former pages , and pastor Ted Haggard ’s paying for “ massages ” and meth from gay hookers .
But former Ninth Circuit Solicitor David Schwacke was outed through a GOP smear campaign .
When anti-gay leaders in the GOP caught wind that Schwacke was gay , they pressed him to resign .
When he refused , they accused him of using office computers to search for sex online .
The charges proved baseless and Schwacke continued to serve until being unseated in the Republican primary .
Looking back , Schwacke says some good did come out of it — his freedom .
“ I probably was not going to come out voluntarily , ” he says .
“ At least not with that kind of timing . ”
Considering the state ’s recent same - sex marriage ban , gay politicians see good reason to stay in the closet , says Truman Smith , president of the South Carolina Log Cabin Republicans .
But he says there will be a day when politicians wo n’t bury their sexual orientation — once the next generation rises to power without the requisite hangups over gays and lesbians ( or potentially asexual loners , for that matter ) .
“ On most issues , politicians do n’t lead the way , they lag behind , ” he says .
Those looking for good news can find it in Iceland .
However , good news for Iceland is bad news for the UK and the Netherlands .
Please consider Iceland Rejects Icesave Bill in Referendum , Early Results Show
Icelanders overwhelmingly rejected a bill that would saddle each citizen with $ 16,400 of debt in protest at U.K. and Dutch demands that they cover losses triggered by the failure of a private bank , first results show .
Ninety - three percent voted against the so - called Icesave bill , according to preliminary results on national broadcaster RUV .
Final results may be published tomorrow morning .
The bill would have obliged the island to take on $ 5.3 billion , or 45 percent of last year ’s economic output , in loans from the U.K. and the Netherlands to compensate the two countries for depositor losses stemming from the collapse of Landsbanki Islands hf more than a year ago .
“ Ordinary people , farmers and fishermen , taxpayers , doctors , nurses , teachers , are being asked to shoulder through their taxes a burden that was created by irresponsible greedy bankers , ” said President Olafur R. Grimsson , whose rejection of the bill resulted in the plebiscite , in a Bloomberg Television interview yesterday .
Failure to reach an agreement on the bill has left Iceland ’s International Monetary Fund - led loan in limbo and prompted Fitch Ratings to cut its credit grade to junk .
Moody ’s Investors Service and Standard & Poor ’s have signaled they may follow suit if no settlement is reached .
‘ Obsolete ’
Political leaders have already moved on and are trying to negotiate a new deal with the U.K. and the Dutch , making the bill in today ’s vote “ obsolete , ” Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir said on March 4 .
Icelanders used the referendum to express their outrage at being asked to take on the obligations of bankers who allowed the island ’s financial system to create a debt burden more than 10 times the size of the economy .
The nation ’s three biggest banks , which were placed under state control in October 2008 , had enjoyed a decade of market freedoms following the government ’s privatizations through the end of the 1990s and the beginning of this decade .
Protesters have gathered every week , with regular numbers swelling to about 2,000 , according to police estimates .
The last time the island saw demonstrations on a similar scale was before the government of former Prime Minister Geir Haarde was toppled .
Icelanders have thrown red paint over house facades and cars of key employees at the failed banks , Kaupthing Bank hf , Landsbanki and Glitnir Bank hf , to vent their anger .
The government has appointed a special commission to investigate financial malpractice and has identified more than 20 cases that will result in prosecution .
Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir Is Obsolete
Does No Mean No ?
Iceland 's prime minister vowed on Friday to stay in office even if her government loses a weekend referendum over foreign debts , citing progress in efforts to reach a new deal with creditors .
Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir said talks on a new accord over repayment for $ 5 billion ( 3.3 billion pounds ) in " Icesave " debts to Britain and the Netherlands , key to unblocking vital aid to the North Atlantic island state , had made " considerable " progress .
" It is a great misunderstanding that this referendum is about the life of this government .
We have no intention of resigning , " Sigurdardottir said on Friday .
Britain and the Netherlands have already offered easier terms , so there is no reason for voters to back the old deal .
" It 's of utmost importance that we do n't over - interpret whatever message comes out of this .
We want to be perfectly clear that a " no " vote does not mean we are refusing to pay , " Finance Minister Steingrimur Sigfusson told reporters .
" We will honour our obligations .
To maintain anything else is highly dangerous for the economy of this country . "
highly dangerous
Multiple NBA sources say Allen Iverson is facing alcohol and gambling issues that have derailed his career and threaten his post - basketball well - being , Stephen A. Smith of the Philadelphia Inquirer reported in a column published Monday .
Allen Iverson played only 25 games for the 76ers before stepping away for the season .
Gary Dineen / NBAE / Getty Images
According to multiple NBA sources , there is widespread concern that the four - time NBA scoring champion , who left the Philadelphia 76ers in late February to deal with his daughter 's illness and will not return this season , " will either drink himself into oblivion or gamble his life away , " Smith reported .
Iverson 's gambling problem is serious enough that he has been banished from casinos in Detroit and Atlantic City , N.J. , according to Smith .
The report comes as Iverson is dealing with significant personal problems .
He posted four messages Monday night on his Twitter account , acknowledging he was going through " some very tough times . "
" To my fans :
You all know that my life is n't perfect .
I am going through some very tough times right now , like I am sure that we all do from time to time , " Iverson wrote .
" However , I will stand tall like always with ' rhino ' thick skin . "
Iverson 's wife , Tawana , filed for divorce March 4 , the same day the 76ers announced the All - Star guard would not return for the rest of the season .
In the divorce filing , made in Fulton County Superior Court in Atlanta , Tawana Iverson said the couple 's 8 ½ - year marriage is " irretrievably broken " and sought full custody of the family 's five children , child support and alimony .
Iverson , who played 25 games for the Sixers this season , returned to Atlanta in February to be with his family and deal with an undisclosed illness affecting his 4 - year - old daughter , Messiah .
Smith , who has covered Iverson closely for years , wrote in Monday 's column that Iverson needs someone with " the ideal combination of compassion and toughness " in his life .
And former Temple coach John Chaney said that person is John Thompson , Iverson 's former college coach at Georgetown .
" [ Thompson ] is the one guy who'll have a chance of slowing this train wreck down , who could wrap his arms around Iverson and have an impact , because clearly it has not been done , " Chaney said , according to Smith .
" But there 's still this one question : Will [ Iverson ] listen ? "
Allen Iverson said on Twitter it hurt to hear stories about his personal life that he says are n't true .
" Even though I have become used to hearing people say things about me that are n't true , it still hurts , " Iverson wrote .
" I encourage you to continue your ongoing support and I want you to trust that this is another obstacle in my life that , with God 's help I will overcome . "
Iverson started the season with the Memphis Grizzlies but only played three games , amid disagreements over playing time , before announcing a short - lived retirement .
He signed with the 76ers as a free agent in December , making a tearful return to the city where he spent his first 10 ½ seasons , won four scoring titles , earned the 2000 - 01 MVP award and led the Sixers to the 2001 NBA Finals .
Iverson was traded to the Denver Nuggets in 2006 and played for the Nuggets through 2008 , when he was dealt to the Detroit Pistons .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
VMware , which makes a hypervisor that is present in most of the world 's largest IT systems and which will reveal its quarterly numbers April 20 , is certainly a leading figure in the virtualization software business .
However , other market indicators are coming to the fore , and most of them are pointing to one very clear trend : Virtual desktops are picking up momentum in replacing conventional client / server desktops .
Jefferies & Co. came out with some virtualization research April 19 , reporting that 44 percent of enterprise reseller respondents to its latest survey - the highest figure yet in this category - said they believe there is high interest in virtualizing hundreds or thousands of corporate desktops across an IT system .
" VMware is heavily marketing their [ virtual desktop installation ] products , and their efforts seem to be resulting in increased awareness of both their solution and Citrix's , " Jefferies said in its executive summary .
" Some VARs see VDI as the next logical step after application virtualization . "
VMware and Citrix Systems have been Nos. 1 and 2 in the VDI market for the past several years , according to IT research companies Gartner , IDC , The 451 Group and Forrester .
The main cause of this trend ?
Frankly , many companies are rethinking the conventional client / server desktop setup and beginning to see it as a thing of the past , as yearly licensing becomes a drag on expenses and as software upgrades and weekly security patching continue to be thorns in the sides of IT administrators .
The main objections to VDI in the past have been performance issues , such as latency , and the expensive overall entry to the technology .
Virtualization of corporate desktops is a major paradigm shift from conventional single - purpose desktop computers and servers .
Like virtualized servers and storage arrays , VDI uses a centralized pool of computing power - either inside a data center or from cloud computing services - that encompasses any number of desktop workstations , enabling performance gains and a lessening of the electrical energy used to run them .
New companies such as Kaviza , NComputing and Parallels offer lower - cost VDI alternatives for small and midsize businesses , while market leaders Hewlett - Packard , VMware and Citrix aim for larger enterprises .
Kaviza provides built - in high availability , does not require shared storage and is a turnkey deployment .
NComputing offers a performance - based , hardwired VDI that it says is ideal for classrooms of up to 30 users .
Parallels ' offering features enterprise - class manageability tools while maintaining a familiar - looking user interface .
" Windows 7 upgrades are causing IT departments to reassess their entire desktop infrastructure , " Jefferies said .
" Ironically , some customers are looking to use VDI as a way to increase life of their existing hardware .
IT buyers in health care and education verticals are the most frequently cited users of VDI , mostly due to their interest in sharing hardware among diverse end users as way to save money . "
Jefferies said resellers expect virtualization software sales in 2010 to increase about 13 percent over 2009 .
The researcher said the high expectations for virtualization are due largely to the improving world economy and resultant loosening of IT budgets .
Someone had called to say the Ku Klux Klan was coming to bomb Robert Hicks ’s house .
The police said there was nothing they could do .
It was the night of Feb. 1 , 1965 , in Bogalusa , La .
The Klan was furious that Mr. Hicks , a black paper mill worker , was putting up two white civil rights workers in his home .
It was just six months after three young civil rights workers had been murdered in Philadelphia , Miss .
Mr. Hicks and his wife , Valeria , made some phone calls .
They found neighbors to take in their children , and they reached out to friends for protection .
Soon , armed black men materialized .
Nothing happened .
Less than three weeks later , the leaders of a secretive , paramilitary organization of blacks called the Deacons for Defense and Justice visited Bogalusa .
It had been formed in Jonesboro , La. , in 1964 mainly to protect unarmed civil rights demonstrators from the Klan .
After listening to the Deacons , Mr. Hicks took the lead in forming a Bogalusa chapter , recruiting many of the men who had gone to his house to protect his family and guests .
Mozilla has announced that its Account Manager feature has graduated from being a Mozilla Labs project and that it will be included in a future release of the open source Firefox web browser .
According to Mozilla Labs developer and Weave Lead Engineer Dan Mills , the Account Manager makes it easier " for users to create new accounts with optional randomly generated passwords , and log into and out of them with just a click . "
The overall aim of the new feature is to make signing into websites a better and faster experience for all Firefox users .
Planned supported authentication schemes include HTTP Auth , OpenID and others .
Mills says that it could take " as little as fifteen minutes of hacking " for developers to add support for the feature .
A developer meet - up is planned for the 20th of May to discuss the details of the specification .
The developers expect to ship the Account Manager feature in Firefox " as soon as possible " .
Users testing the Account Manager are encouraged to provide feedback and report any bugs that they encounter .
More details about the Account Manager , including a short video , can be found in the Mozilla announcement and in the draft specifications document , in which the developers also discuss possible security issues including man - in - the - middle attacks and possible countermeasures .
The new feature is currently available as an experimental add - on from the Account Manager homepage .
( crve )
Ok …hate is such a strong word .
I do n’t exactly hate them …
I do n’t hate anyone actually ( not that I can think of ) .
However , the image below illustrates why they have fallen from grace , and shows what is fundamental wrong with them .
To explain , I just finished doing a fresh install of XP for a friend and am installing the pre-requisite stuff .
Acrobat ( PDF reader ) was one of them , just because I needed something to read PDFs and that ’s the first thing that comes to mind .
So I google ‘ Acrobat Download ’ and am given a link that takes me to their download page .
I click download and the screenshot captures what happens next ( click to view fullscreen ) :
As you can see … .
they force me to download ‘ Adobe Download Manager ’ plug - in by ‘ getPlus ’ ( who the hell is get Plus ? –
That ’s rhetorical , I do n’t know and do n’t care they are also in my bad books ) for Firefox .
Then , I have to restart Firefox , which then loads Adobe Download Manager , which then hits me with a ton of banner ads that slide from side to side ( that I ca n’t close or block ) and , while downloading Acrobat – which I then have to install .
On top of that , once acrobat is installed , they also installed ‘ Adobe Air ’ .
It could have been that they gave me the option to opt - out , but I was so pissed by this install process that I glossed over it , but it just made the entire process even worse .
Is Adobe joking ?
This reminds me of some shady ‘ third - party ’ app site .
I will not be going through that process again , that ’s for sure .
The worst part is , Acrobat is n’t even the best free PDF reader .
Next time I will go with my usual default .
Adobe…stop worrying about Apple ’s 3.3.1 change in their iPhone TOS and start focusing on your own customers and improving their experiences and lives .
Maybe if you did that , and made Flash better people would n’t allow Apple to get away with the shafting they are now giving you and many other developers .
The Air Force launched a secretive space plane into orbit Thursday night from Cape Canaveral , Florida .
And they 're not sure when it 's returning to Earth .
Perched atop an Atlas V rocket , the Air Force 's unmanned and reusable X - 37B made its first flight after a decade in development shrouded in mystery ; most of the mission goals remain unknown to the public .
The Air Force has fended off statements calling the X - 37B a space weapon , or a space - based drone to be used for spying or delivering weapons from orbit .
In a conference call with reporters , deputy undersecretary for the Air Force for space programs Gary Payton acknowledged much of the current mission is classified .
But perhaps the most intriguing answer came when he was asked by a reporter wanting to cover the landing as to when the X - 37B would be making its way back to the planet .
" In all honesty , we do n't know when it 's coming back for sure , " Payton said .
Payton went on to say that the timing depends on how the experiments and testing progress during the flight .
Though he declined to elaborate on the details .
The vague answer did little to quell questions about the ultimate purpose of the X - 37B test program .
At only 29 feet long , the X - 37B is roughly one fourth the size of the space shuttle .
It 's onboard batteries and solar arrays ( pictured at left from its NASA days ) can keep it operating for up to nine months according to the Air Force .
It is similar to the shuttle with payload doors exposing a cargo area , and uses a similar reentry procedure before gliding to a runway .
In the case of the X - 37B , the vehicle will autonomously return to earth and land itself using an onboard autopilot .
The primary landing spot is Vandenberg Air Force Base in California .
In his conference call , Gary Payton told reporters the primary goal is to see if the system is a viable option for the Air Force .
" Top priority is an inexpensive turn around , " Payton said .
" Do we have to do a lot of servicing ?
If that 's the case , it makes this kind of vehicle less attractive to us in the future . "
Payton described an ideal turn around to be similar to a large airplane .
" I would like to see this X - 37 handled much more like an airplane , maybe an SR - 71 " he said referring to the legendary spy plane .
" Handled more like that than what we see with other space launch mechanisms , space launch vehicles . "
The military has been looking into the idea of an orbital space platform for decades .
And the X - 37 program itself has been around for quite a while .
Built by Boeing 's Phantom Works division in the mid 1990s , it was first developed for NASA as a reusable space vehicle that could be carried to orbit either inside the space shuttle or using a booster rocket .
The unmanned X - 37 would then orbit for a period of time before launching or retrieving a payload and return to earth .
The program was transferred to the Department of Defense in 2004 .
Since that time the X - 37 has become a classified program , raising questions as to whether or not it would become the first operational military space plane .
During the 1960s , the Air Force and Boeing conducted research on the X - 20 Dyna - Soar space plane .
After initial development , much of it with then test pilot Neil Armstrong , the Dyna - Soar was canceled in 1963 .
A vehicle such as the X - 37 could be a valuable platform for intelligence gathering with the advantage of a satellite 's point of view , but the flexibility of an aircraft that can be launched relatively quickly and maneuvered in orbit much easier than a traditional satellite .
With the lack of specificity expected from a classified program , and without a translator , the Air Force described the X - 37B program as " a flexible space test platform to conduct various experiments and allow satellite sensors , subsystems , components and associated technology to be efficiently transported to and from the space environment .
This service directly supports the Defense Department ’s technology risk - reduction efforts for new satellite systems .
By providing an ‘ on - orbit laboratory ’ test environment , it will prove new technology and components before those technologies are committed to operational satellite programs . ”
Once the current mission is over , the miniature unmanned space shuttle will be inspected to determine if it is a truly reusable vehicle .
A new generation of protective tiles , similar to those that plagued early shuttle flights will be examined as well as the autonomous flight control systems that pilot the space craft .
The other key component to the program , the overall time needed to prepare the X - 37 for another flight , will also be closely watched .
The goal is to have it flight ready again in 15 days .
A second X - 37B is in the works and the Air Force said it could be ready for a 2011 launch .
[ Photos : Air Force , Boeing ]
DR Congo needs new strategy , says UN chief
Tapili is being patrolled by soldiers following the massacre
The head of UN peacekeepers in the Democratic Republic of Congo says a new strategy is needed to prevent massacres by the Lord 's Resistance Army ( LRA ) .
Alan Doss spoke to the BBC after evidence emerged of a five day - rampage by the rebel group last December in which more than 300 people died .
He said greater air mobility and better intelligence gathering was needed .
But Mr Doss said the LRA operated in small , highly mobile groups over a wide area , making the UN 's job difficult .
The massacre was one of the worst ever committed by the group , Human Rights Watch said .
" We have to look at this as a problem dealing with small groups that move around a great deal , " said Mr Doss .
" This requires better intelligence gathering , it requires particularly air mobility , and of course co-operation with the local people . "
He added : " It did n't just happen in one place because ... the LRA moves around a lot and these are small units , but of course they can inflict terrible damage .
Alan Doss says the LRA operates over a vast area " But even small groups , moving as they do in the bush , can create havoc .
Their best weapon is fear and they create fear by their extremely brutal and violent tactics which we saw again in this latest massacre near Tapili . "
LRA leaders initially claimed to be fighting to install a theocracy in Uganda based on the Biblical Ten Commandments .
But they now roam across Sudan and Central African Republic , as well as DR Congo .
In the latest attack , rebels hacked to death villagers and made others carry looted goods .
Some 250 people were abducted .
The UN said it had heard rumours that an attack was to be launched around Christmas , and reinforced its troops in the area .
But they were deployed to towns like Dungu and Niangara rather than the remote villages where the killings took place .
On 13 December , a contingent of LRA rebels crossed the Uele river and arrived at a market in the village of Mabanga Ya Talo .
They pretended to be Congolese soldiers and asked for food and other goods .
Brutally killed
They then asked people to carry the goods back to where they had crossed the river , and when the villagers refused , the rebels turned on them .
Adults were attacked , captured , imprisoned in huts , then taken out and made to act as porters .
Anyone unable to keep up with the forced march was brutally killed .
The acts were repeated in villages all the way to Tapili , about 45 km ( 30 miles ) away .
Human Rights
Watch , working with local organisations , has verified 321 deaths - but other activists have given far higher estimates .
Witnesses say the stench of death hung over the area for weeks .
Children were a particular target of the LRA .
At least 80 were taken by force - boys to become fighters , girls to be used as sex slaves by LRA fighters .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You will find no finer or deeper teaching on Loving - Kindness than that of Ven. Bhante Vimalaramsi .
I hope this short excerpt from a talk he gave on bringing loving - kindness to daily life will send you to his website to read the whole article .
( Link below )
Ven .
Bhante Vimalaramsi
What we need to learn how to do is carry that open heart with us with all the different activities we do during the day .
Open up and … well , let ’s put it this way .
When you ’re doing your sitting practice , you send Loving - Kindness to yourself and you send Loving - Kindness to your spiritual friend , and that ’s all .
But with your daily activities , the other times , you can send Loving - Kindness to anybody .
You can send it to individual people , you can send it to groups of people , you can send it to all beings , it ’s up to you .
But the thing that you want to try to do is start making keys for yourself .
A key like : when you ’re brushing your teeth , that that ’s your time to send Loving - Kindness .
When you ’re walking from your house to your car , try to use that as a key , for that ’s the time to open up your heart and send Loving - Kindness .
Now you ’re going to forget sometimes , just like you do here , and that ’s OK .
There ’s no problem with that .
But when you see your mind is wandering , then you want to begin again .
And that should be the name of this practice : “ Do It Again ” , or “ Play It Again ” , is that the… ?
[ laughter ]
When you ’re walking from your car to wherever you have to go , what are you doing with your mind ?
Your mind is just kind of ho - humming around , getting caught in all kinds of unwholesome mental states , or it ’s just kind of flying around thinking about this or that .
So you use that , getting out of your car , or getting into your car , as your key to practice your Loving - Kindness .
Open up your heart and , and if there ’s someone that you know that is suffering , send them some kind thoughts .
Put them in your heart , radiate that Loving - Kindness to them .
The more times you focus on having an open heart , the more easily the practice progresses .
And this is because , when you have an open heart , and you ’re radiating that Loving - Kindness , you ’ll notice it very quickly when it closes , when you get caught by thoughts and feelings and all kinds of whatever the circus is that ’s running in town at that day .
So gently let go of those thoughts , let go of those feelings , relax .
Wish somebody happiness .
The Ephemera Assemblyman blog recently turned me on to the gorgeous poster art of Swiss graphic designer Claude Kuhn , who works for the Natural History Museum in Bern .
Kuhn designs promotional materials for the museum 's exhibits and special events , like this one for Museum Night — when many of the city 's museums and libraries stay open into the wee hours , offering special presentations and cheaper tickets for night owls .
Which is pretty damn cool , in and of itself .
Besides his museum work , Kuhn is also famous for his unconventional , funny take on boxing posters .
Rene Wanner 's Poster Page has some great examples of Kuhn 's sports event work that you should really check out .
The Swiss Poster Collection also has a bunch of Kuhn 's posters .
Travis Pitts , the illustrator responsible for zombie apocalypse Scooby Doo , is selling a series of wild faux - vintage foreign movie posters .
Are you brave enough to confront Terminateur or Il Predator ?
Advertisement
You can find these posters - along with the Scooby Doo poster and a series of hilarious 1950s zombie print ads ( see image # 6 ) - here and check out Pitts ' site for more retro goodness .
[ via Superpunch ]
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Featured post
I just bought a wood router and I ’m so excited .
Despite being an ex-military , I can mingle with everyone without having problems .
If you do n’t have a wood router , just know they are many and from different brands .
The routers are created to work under varying conditions for creating different designs and patterns .
You may use any wood router that perfectly matches your needs and specification in the project .
This tool features many awesome specs that are helpful for both home and industrial uses .
First , you need to begin with the wood router basics prior to making use of it an upper - level .
Have a woodworking project coming up soon ?
Check out these advantages of using a wood router .
Mark perfect and sharp edges
In case you wish to cut even and thin wood pieces , then you may find it a bit hard .
However , with the use of a wood router , you can spend less time doing this .
They are intended to create accurate and sharp edges on different materials and wood pieces .
Get fashionable frames
Wood routers are popular for making fashionable and decorative moldings .
Having this tool can help you create different molding shapes for doors , baseboards , and windows .
Cut dadoes easily
A supportive point where you may attach another panel or any cabinet type is called a dado .
A wood router helps you to easily hack this surface without any issues .
Carving woodcuts
You may utilize your router to shape the wood pieces so you can create a powerful link .
You may utilize the link in the windows , cabinets , and doors .
Recreating designs
Another thing is that you may utilize a wood router for cutting patterns , grooving , as well as creating pictures on pieces of wood .
Apart from that , repairing any damaged table part is easy with this tool .
Precise repeatability
Among the key highlights of this tool is the precise repeatability .
It makes it efficient in woodworking .
A wood router offers you precise woodcutting each time you are using it .
Using this tool , you will receive a matching pieces amount minus wasting any wood .
All the above are the advantages of having a wood router at home or where you work .
Routers are adjustable when working and help to lessen the effort to a huge level .
Furthermore , they are straightforward to operate .
This means even if you are new , you can easily use the tool without any difficulty .
Conclusion
Having said all these , let me finish this article by saying wood routers are great .
This tool comes in handy when it comes to woodworking projects .
It has the ability to handle different tasks with great functionality .
As a matter of fact , most experts and professionals term this tool one of the most versatile tools .
In case you have any issues while operating the router , then connect with us or send us a message and we will help you out .
We have a team that is on standby to help you whenever you are stuck .
We will also appreciate any feedback .
A United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rocket with the Air Force ’s Orbital Test Vehicle ( OTV ) launches from its Space Launch Complex - 41 launch pad at 7:52 p.m. EDT on April 22 , 2010 .
This story was updated at 8:43 p.m. EDT .
The United States Air Force 's secretive X - 37B robotic space plane blasted off from Florida late Thursday on a mystery mission shrouded in secrecy for the U.S. military .
The unmanned military Orbital Test Vehicle 1 ( OTV - 1 ) — also known as the X - 37B — lifted off at 7:52 p.m. EDT ( 2352 GMT ) atop an Atlas 5 rocket on a mission that is expected to take months testing new spacecraft technologies .
The X - 37B is a reusable robotic space plane built by Boeing Phantom Works .
Its mission is being carried out under the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office with participation by NASA .
Key objectives of the space plane 's first flight include demonstration and validation of guidance , navigation and control systems — including a " do- it- itself " autonomous re-entry and landing at California 's Vandenberg Air Force Base with neighboring Edwards Air Force Base as a backup .
The X - 37B is the first vehicle since NASA 's space shuttles with the ability to return experiments to Earth for further inspection and analysis , Air Force officials said .
" This is a new way for the Air Force to conduct on - orbit experiments , " explained Gary Payton , Air Force deputy under secretary for space programs , during a Tuesday press teleconference .
The designed maximum on - orbit duration for the X - 37B is 270 days , Payton said .
" In all honesty , we do n't know when it 's coming back for sure .
It depends on the progress that we make with the on - orbit demonstrations , " he added .
Thursday 's launch capped a long road to orbit for the X - 37B spacecraft .
NASA initially began the project in 1999 and later transferred it to the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency ( DARPA ) in 2004 due to a lack of funding .
The Air Force stepped in 2006 to take over the project .
" As the first U.S. unmanned re-entering space vehicle , the first of its kind , it has been remarkably easy to work with , " said Air Force Lt. Col .
Erik Bowman , 45th Launch Support Squadron Commander , after the successful launch .
" Processing and preparations went extremely smooth , and there were absolutely no delays in the vehicle processing . "
Tight - lipped affair
Circling the Earth , the X - 37B space plane has a full agenda of shaking out new technologies , including advanced guidance , navigation and control .
Once the vehicle 's payload bay doors open to space , power is provided by a deployable array of gallium arsenide solar cells coupled with lithium - ion batteries .
But after that action item is checked off , what else the X - 37B will do becomes a tight - lipped affair .
" Actual on - orbit activities we do classify — for the experimental payloads that are on - orbit with the X - 37 , " Payton said .
There 's enough payload room , he added as example , to house a couple of small satellites in the range of a few hundred kilograms each .
Given the X - 37B 's secretive duties , some analysts contend that the mission is provocative , perhaps fanning the flames for war in space .
" Truthfully , I do n't know how this could be called ' weaponization ' of space , " Payton said .
" Fundamentally , it 's an updated version of the space shuttle kind of activities in space , " he added , a new vehicle that could potentially help the Air Force do its space missions better .
Perhaps a key show and tell feature of the X - 37B is its self - guided entry and landing in California .
In the event the vehicle strays off course as it swoops down over the Pacific Ocean , the space plane is outfitted with a destruct mechanism .
The X - 37B Orbital Test Vehicle 1 was built by Boeing in Seal Beach , Calif .
It is about 29 feet ( 9 meters ) long and has a wingspan of just over 14 feet ( 4 meters ) across .
It stands just over 9 1/2 feet ( 3 meters ) tall and weighs nearly 11,000 pounds ( about 5,000 kg ) .
This SPACE.com X - 37B graphic illustrates some details of the space plane and its relative size .
The Air Force has already ordered a second X - 37B , presumably the Orbital Test Vehicle 2 , which is slated to launch in 2011 .
But that mission , and any new flights of this first vehicle , hinge on the performance during orbital and landing maneuvers , Air Force officials have said .
Tale of the V- tail
The X - 37B carries two short vertical stabilizers in the back rather than one vertical as seen on the shuttle orbiter .
There were several reasons for the V - tail " ruddervators " — a high - tech wordsmithing of rudder and elevator , explained Angie Blair , an Air Force spokeswoman for the project .
For one , the short V - tails provide better packaging within the 5 meter in diameter Atlas 5 fairing than a single , taller vertical stabilizer , she said .
Secondly , the more forward wing location of the X - 37B enables the V - tails to be very effective in the high angle of attack , hypersonic portion of the entry trajectory .
That reduces the amount of reaction control system propellant needed for trim and control of the craft , Blair said .
As the craft draws a bead on its landing locale , a speed brake will be employed .
" A split ruddervators / speed brake like the space shuttle is not feasible in a small vehicle like the OTV , " Blair noted .
Aerodynamic testing and other studies , she said , led to the vehicle ?s upper center line speed brake and V - tail ruddervators as the best performing system solutions for the X - 37B .
Readiness for re-flight
En route to the runway , new thermal protection systems will be evaluated .
So too will be avionics , high temperature structures and seals , conformal reusable insulation , as well as lightweight electromechanical flight systems .
Even after touching down , the X - 37B is to yield insight into fast turnaround , operations and maintenance .
The craft does carry some vehicle health monitoring subsystems to speed its readiness for re-flight , Payton told SPACE.com .
" If these technologies on the vehicle prove to be as good as we currently estimate , it will make our access to space more responsive , perhaps cheaper , and push us in the vector of being able to react to warfighter needs more quickly , " Payton concluded .
Leonard David has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades .
He is past editor - in - chief of the National Space Society 's Ad Astra and Space World magazines and has written for SPACE.com since 1999 .
HERETICS OF DUNE
Explosions are also compressions of time .
Observable changes in the natural universe all are explosive to some degree and from some point of view ; otherwise you would not notice them .
Smooth Continuity of change , if slowed sufficiently , goes without notice by observers whose time / attention span is too short .
Thus , I tell you , I have seen changes you would never have marked .
- Leto II
The existence of no -ships raises the possibility of destroying entire planets without retaliation .
A large object , asteroid or equivalent , may be sent against the planet .
Or the people can be set against each other by sexual subversion , and then can be armed to destroy themselves .
These Honored Matres appear to favor this latter technique .
- Bene Gesserit Analysis
Humans live best when each has his place to stand , when each knows where he belongs in the scheme of things and what he may achieve .
Destroy the place and you destroy the person .
- Bene Gesserit Teaching
Has not religion claimed a patent on creation for all of these millennia ?
- The Tleilaxu Question ,
from Muad'dib Speaks
Some days it 's melange ; some days it 's bitter dirt .
- Rakian Aphorism
The trouble with some kinds of warfare ( and be certain the Tyrant knew this , because it is implicit in his lesson ) is that they destroy all moral decency in susceptible types .
Warfare of these kinds will dump the destroyed survivors back into an innocent population that is incapable of even imagining what such returned soldiers might do .
- Teachings of the Golden Path ,
Bene Gesserit Archives
Ten thousand years since Leto II began his metamorphosis from human into the sandworm of Rakis and historians still argue over his motives .
Was he driven by the desire for long life ?
He lived more than ten times the normal span of three hundred SY , but consider the price he paid .
Was it the lure of power ?
He is called the Tyrant for good reason , but what did power bring him that a human might want ?
Was he driven to save humankind from itself ?
We have only his own words about his Golden Path to answer this and I cannot accept the self - serving records of Dar-es - Balat .
Might there have been other gratifications , which only his experiences would illuminate ?
Without better evidence the question is moot .
We are reduced to saying only that " He did it ! "
The physical fact alone is undeniable .
- The Metamorphosis of Leto II
10,000th Anniversary
Peroration by Gaus Andaud
Technology , in common with many other activities , tends toward avoidance of risks by investors .
Uncertainty is ruled out if possible .
Capital investment follows this rule , since people generally prefer the predictable .
Few recognize how destructive this can be , how it imposes severe limits on variability and thus makes whole populations fatally vulnerable to the shocking ways our universe can throw the dice .
- Assessment of Ix ,
Bene Gesserit Archives
In my estimation , more misery has been created by reformers than by any other force in human history .
Show me someone who says , " Something must be done ! " and I will show you a head full of vicious intentions that have no other outlet .
What we must strive for always !
is to find the natural flow and go with it .
- The Reverend Mother Taraza ,
Conversational Record ,
BG File GSXXMAT9
The Tleilaxu secret must be in their sperm .
Our tests prove that their sperm does not carry forward in a straight genetic fashion .
Gaps occur .
Every Tleilaxu we have examined has hidden his inner self from us .
They are naturally immune to an Ixian Probe !
Secrecy at the deepest levels , that is their ultimate armor and their ultimate weapon .
- Bene Gesserit Analysis ,
Archives Code :
BTXX441WOR
The outer surface of a balloon is always larger than the center of the damned thing !
That 's the whole point of the Scattering !
- Bene Gesserit response to an Ixian suggestion that new investigative probes be sent out among the Lost Ones
The failure of CHOAM ?
Quite simple :
They ignore the fact that larger commercial powers wait at the edges of their activities , powers that could swallow them the way a slig swallows garbage .
This is the true threat of the Scattering — to them and to us all .
- Bene Gesserit Council notes ,
Archives # SXX9OCH
At the quantum level our universe can be seen as an indeterminate place , predictable in a statistical way only when you employ large enough numbers .
Between that universe and a relatively predictable one where the passage of a single planet can be timed to a picosecond , other forces come into play .
For the in - between universe where we find our daily lives , that which you believe is a dominant force .
Your beliefs order the unfolding of daily events .
If enough of us believe , a new thing can be made to exist .
Belief structure creates a filter through which chaos is sifted into order .
- Analysis of the Tyrant ,
the Taraza File :
BG Archives
Life cannot find reasons to sustain it , cannot be a source of decent mutual regard , unless each of us resolves to breathe such qualities into it .
- Chenoeh : " Conversations with Leto II "
Law always chooses sides on the basis of enforcement power .
Morality and legal niceties have little to do with it when the real question is :
Who has the clout ?
- Bene Gesserit Council Proceedings :
Archives # XOX232
The basic rule is this :
Never support weakness ; always support strength .
- The Bene Gesserit Coda
Nothing surpasses the complexity of the human mind .
- Leto II : Dar-es - Balat Records
The significant fact is this :
No Bene Tleilax female has ever been seen away from the protection of their core planets .
( Face Dancer mules who simulate females do not count in this analysis .
They can not be breeders . )
The Tleilaxu sequester their females to keep them from our hands .
This is our primary deduction .
It must also be in the eggs that the Tleilaxu Masters conceal their most essential secrets .
- Bene Gesserit Analysis —
Archives # XOXTM99 .... 041
What social inheritances went outward with the Scattering ?
We know those times intimately .
We know both the mental and physical settings .
The Lost Ones took with them a consciousness confined mostly to manpower and hardware .
There was a desperate need for room to expand driven by the myth of Freedom .
Most had not learned the deeper lesson of the Tyrant , that violence builds its own limits .
The Scattering was wild and random movement interpreted as growth ( expansion ) .
It was goaded by a profound fear ( often unconscious ) of stagnation and death .
- The Scattering : Bene Gesserit Analysis ( Archives )
Liberty and Freedom are complex concepts .
They go back to religious ideas of Free Will and are related to the Ruler Mystique implicit in absolute monarchs .
Without absolute monarchs patterned after the Old Gods and ruling by the grace of a belief in religious indulgence , Liberty and Freedom would never have gained their present meaning .
These ideals owe their very existence to past examples of oppression .
And the forces that maintain such ideas will erode unless renewed by dramatic teaching or new oppressions .
This is the most basic key to my life .
- Leto .
II , God Emperor of Dune :
Dar-es - Balat Records
Quite naturally , holders of power wish to suppress wild research .
Unrestricted questing after knowledge has a long history of producing unwanted competition .
The powerful want a " safe line of investigations , " which will develop only those products and ideas that can be controlled and , most important , that will allow the larger part of the benefits to be captured by inside investors .
Unfortunately , a random universe full of relative variables does not insure such a " safe line of investigations . "
- Assessment of Ix , Bene Gesserit Archives
Bureaucracy destroys initiative .
There is little that bureaucrats hate more than innovation , especially innovation that produces better results than the old routines .
Improvements always make those at the top of the heap look inept .
Who enjoys appearing inept ?
-A Guide to Trial and Error in Government ,
Bene Gesserit Archives
The long table on the right is set for a banquet of roast desert hare in sauce cepeda .
The other dishes , clockwise to the right from the far end of the table , are aplomage sirian , chukka under glass , coffee with melange ( note the hawk crest of the Atreides on the urn ) , pot-a - oie and , in the Balut crystal bottle , sparkling Caladan wine .
Note the ancient poison detector concealed in the chandelier .
- Dar - es - Balat , Description at a Museum Display
People always want something more than immediate joy or that deeper sense called happiness .
This is one of the secrets by which we shape the fulfillment of our designs .
The something more assumes amplified power with people who cannot give it a name or who ( most often the case ) do not even suspect its existence .
Most people only react unconsciously to such hidden forces .
Thus , we have only to call a calculated something more into existence , define it and give it shape , then people will follow .
- Leadership Secrets of the Bene Gesserit
There was this drylander who was asked which was more important , a literjon of water or a vast pool of water ?
The drylander thought a moment and then said : " The literjon is more important .
No single person could own a great pool of water .
But a literjon you could hide under your cloak and run away with it .
No one would know . "
- The Jokes of Ancient Dune ,
Bene Gesserit Archives
By your belief in singularities , in granular absolutes , you deny movement , even the movement of evolution !
While you cause a granular universe to persist in your awareness , you are blind to movement .
When things change , your absolute universe vanishes , no longer accessible to your self - limiting perceptions .
The universe has moved beyond you .
- First Draft , Atreides Manifesto
Bene Gesserit Archives
We have long known that the objects of our palpable sense experiences can be influenced by choice — both conscious choice and unconscious .
This is a demonstrated fact that does not require that we believe some force within us reaches out and touches the universe .
I address a pragmatic relationship between belief and what we identify as " real . "
All of our judgments carry a heavy burden of ancestral beliefs to which we of the Bene Gesserit tend to be more susceptible than most .
It is not enough that we are aware of this and guard against it .
Alternative interpretations must always receive our attention .
- Mother Superior Taraza : Argument in Council
This is the awe - inspiring universe of magic :
There are no atoms , only waves and motions all around .
Here , you discard all belief in barriers to understanding .
You put aside understanding itself .
This universe cannot be seen , cannot be heard , cannot be detected in any way by fixed perceptions .
It is the ultimate void where no preordained screens occur upon which forms may be projected .
You have only one awareness here — the screen of the magi : Imagination !
Here , you learn what it is to be human .
You are a creator of order , of beautiful shapes and system , an organizer of chaos .
- The Atreides Manifesto , Bene Gesserit Archives
This room reconstructs a bit of the desert of Dune .
The sandcrawler directly in front of you dates from the Atreides times .
Grouped around it , moving clockwise from your left , are a small harvester , a carryall , a primitive spice factory and the other support equipment .
All are explained at each station .
Note the illuminated quotation above the display : " FOR THEY SHALL SUCK OF THE ABUNDANCE OF THE SEAS AND OF THE TREASURE IN THE SAND . "
This ancient religious quotation was oft repeated by the famous Gurney Halleck .
- Guide Announcement , Museum of Dar-es - Balat
Our fathers ate manna in the desert ,
In the burning place where whirlwinds came .
Lord , save us from that horrible land !
Save us , Oh - h - h -h save us
From that dry and thirsty land .
- Songs of Gurney Halleck , Museum of Dar-es - Balat
All organized religions face a common problem , a tender spot through which we may enter and shift them to our designs :
How do they distinguish hubris from revelation ?
- Missionaria Protectiva , the Inner Teachings
I remember friends from wars all but we forgot .
All of them distilled into each wound we caught .
Those wounds are all the painful places where we fought .
Battles better left behind , ones we never sought .
What is it that we spent and what was it we bought ?
- Songs of the Scattering
It is your fate , forgetfulness .
All of the old lessons of life , you lose and gain and lose and gain again .
- Leto II , the Voice of Dar-es - Balat
Survival of self , of species , and of environment , these are what drive humans .
You can observe how the order of importance changes in a lifetime .
What are the things of immediate concern at a given age ?
Weather ?
The state of the digestion ?
Does she ( or he ) really care ?
All of those various hungers that flesh can sense and hope to satisfy .
What else could possibly matter ?
- Leto II to Hwi Noree , His Voice : Dar-es - Balat
There was a man who sat each day looking out through a narrow vertical opening where a single board had been removed from a tall wooden fence .
Each day a wild ass of the desert passed outside the fence and across the narrow opening — first the nose , then the head , the forelegs , the long brown back , the hindlegs , and lastly the tail .
One day , the man leaped to his feet with the light of discovery in his eyes and he shouted for all who could hear him : " It is obvious !
The nose causes the tail ! "
- Stories of the Hidden Wisdom ,
from the Oral History of Rakis
Historians exercise great power and some of them know it .
They recreate the past , changing it to fit their own interpretations .
Thus , they change the future as well .
- Leto II , His Voice , from Dar-es - Balat
" I must rule with eye and claw — as the hawk among lesser birds . "
- Atreides assertion ( Ref : BG Archives )
Memory never recaptures reality .
Memory reconstructs .
All reconstructions change the original , becoming external frames of reference that inevitably fall short .
- Mentat Handbook
Concealed behind strong barriers the heart becomes ice .
- Darwi Odrade , Argument in Council
When strangers meet , great allowance should be made for differences in custom and training .
- The Lady Jessica , from " Wisdom of Arrakis "
May you die on Caladan !
- Ancient Drinking Toast
The worst potential competition for any organism can come from its own kind .
The species consumes necessities .
Growth is limited by that necessity which is present in the least amount .
The least favorable condition controls the rate of growth .
( Law of the Minimum )
- From " Lessons of Arrakis "
O you who know what we suffer here , do not forget us in your prayers .
- Sign over Arrakeen Landing Field
( Historical Records : Dar-es - Balat )
The world is for the living .
Who are they ?
We dared the dark to reach the white and warm .
She was the wind when the wind was in my way .
Alive at noon , I perished in her form .
Who rise from the flesh to spirit know the fall :
The word outleaps the world and light is all .
- Theodore Roethke ( Historical Quotations :
Dar-es - Balat )
Justice ?
Who asks for justice ?
We make our own justice .
We make it here on Arrakis — win or die .
Let us not rail about justice as long as we have arms and the freedom to use them .
- Leto I : Bene Gesserit Archives
We are not looking at a new state of matter but at a newly recognized relationship between consciousness and matter , which provides a more penetrating insight into the workings of prescience .
The oracle shapes a projected inner universe to produce new external probabilities out of forces that are not understood .
There is no need to understand these forces before using them to shape the physical universe .
Ancient metal workers had no need to understand the molecular and submolecular complexities of their steel , bronze , copper , gold , and tin .
They invented mystical powers to describe the unknown while they continued to operate their forges and wield their hammers .
- Mother Superior Taraza , Argument in Council
Can you believe the utter hypocrisy coming out of the mouth of Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , the Vatican 's secretary of state when he made his outrageous remarks ?
He 's a bigwig in the Vatican and he 's using the Bill Donohue defense while speaking at a press conference in Chile that involved pedophilia practiced on young girls .
Every time the Vatican talks about the horrific abuse cases --- they make complete fools out of themselves .
The Vatican 's second - highest authority says the sex scandals haunting the Roman Catholic Church are linked to homosexuality and not celibacy among priests .
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , the Vatican 's secretary of state , made the comments during a news conference Monday in Chile , where one of the church 's highest - profile pedophile cases involves a priest having sex with young girls .
" Many psychologists and psychiatrists have demonstrated that there is no relation between celibacy and pedophilia .
But many others have demonstrated , I have been told recently , that there is a relation between homosexuality and pedophilia .
That is true , " said Bertone .
" That is the problem . "
His comments drew angry reactions from Chile 's gay rights advocates .
" Neither Bertone nor the Vatican has the moral authority to give lessons on sexuality , " said Rolando Jimenez , president of the Movement for Homosexual Integration and Liberation in Chile .
Jimenez also said no reputable study exists to support the cardinal 's claims .
" This is a perverse strategy by the Vatican to shirk its own ethical and legal responsibility by making a spurious and disgusting connection , " he said .
At least one of the highest - profile pedophiles in the Chilean church victimized young girls , including a teenager who became pregnant .
At the time , the archbishop of the capital , Santiago , received multiple complaints about Father Jose Andres Aguirre from families concerned for their daughters .
But the priest – known to his parishioners as Father Tato – continued serving at a number of Catholic girls schools in the city ... read on
I 've been doing some research and there are very limited studies out there on pedophilia .
USA TODAY has an article called : Is homosexuality to blame for church scandal ?
Their findings are in stark contrast to the Vatican 's position that homosexuals are to blame for the Church 's sexual abuse cases .
Although no large - scale national research has been done , several small studies find homosexuals are no more likely than heterosexuals to molest kids , says San Diego psychologist Robert Geffner , editor of The Journal of Child Sexual Abuse , a professional research journal .
And of course there 's the celibacy issue that the Vatican denies has anything to do with these crimes , but some researchers believe is a real cause of the problems .
Dr. A.W. Richard Sipe , also argue that the sexual deprivation that occurs in the priesthood could lead one to turn to children and that boys are more accessible to priests and other male authority figures than girls . [ 52 ]
A study by Dr. A. Nicholas Groth found that nearly half of the child sex offenders in his small sample were exclusively attracted to children .
After learning about these child molesters , the Church did virtually nothing to protect other children from these monsters .
She told the Chilean newspaper La Nacion : " I thought it was n't that bad to have sex with him because when I told priests about it at confession they just told me to pray and that was it .
They knew , and some of them guessed that it was Father Tato .
But everyone looked the other way .
No one corrected or helped me . "
She said one of the priests she confessed to about her sex with Aguirre was Bishop Francisco Jose Cox , who himself was facing allegations of pedophilia .
Cox had been bishop in La Serena , in northern Chile , for seven years when he was removed in 1997 amid rumors that he was a pedophile .
He was first transferred to Santiago , then Rome , then Colombia , and finally Germany .
The Schoenstatt movement , a worldwide lay community within the Catholic Church , paid for the moves and his treatment .
In 2002 , Santiago Archbishop Francisco Javier Erraruriz said Cox had agreed to be removed for " inappropriate conduct . "
Can you imagine confessing to another monster ?
It 's a scene right out of one of those slasher movies when you think the actor got away and at the last minute his friend turns up and attacks him instead .
I used to think that Bill Donohue had no contact with the Vatican and was blathering on his own , but now I 'm not so sure .
Illustration by S. Kambayashi
LEFTOVER piles of slushy snow from the heaviest snowfall in over a century make it hard to take sharp turns on the roads of Washington , DC , these days .
But the past couple of weeks have seen plenty of ideological swerves at the IMF 's downtown headquarters .
Earlier this month the fund 's chief economist , Olivier Blanchard , questioned the focus of modern macroeconomic policy on keeping inflation low , arguing that central banks should aim at an inflation rate of 4 % , rather than the conventional goal of 2 % .
Now a paper * by a group of IMF economists suggests that the fund has substantially rethought its position on the use of restrictions by emerging markets on capital inflows .
It concludes that controls are sometimes “ justified as part of the policy toolkit ” for an economy seeking to deal with surging inflows .
This is surprising .
The fund has historically opposed capital controls , even trying in 1997 to amend its articles of agreement to allow it explicitly to promote capital - account liberalisation .
Its economists have argued both that capital controls are costly because they induce distortions to resource allocation and that they are not effective because they are easily evaded .
But there is a contradiction between these arguments : if controls have no effect , how can they be distortionary ?
The new paper provides some welcome clarity on the effectiveness of inflow controls .
Its authors find that GDP fell less sharply during the financial crisis in countries that already had such policies in place .
Prior research has shown that the maturity structure of a country 's external liabilities gets longer as a result of capital controls .
The composition of inflows also seems to matter .
Countries with a larger overall stock of debt had bigger credit booms and suffered bigger growth collapses during the crisis .
So too did countries with more foreign direct investment ( FDI ) in the financial sector .
Unlike other types of FDI , these flows contribute to debt growth because they include lending from parent banks to local subsidiaries .
“ The use of capital controls , ” the fund 's economists write , “ was associated with avoiding some of the worst growth outcomes . ”
The economists are also candid about situations in which capital controls may be needed .
In the past the fund has urged countries facing surging capital inflows to allow their exchange rates to appreciate or to accumulate reserves .
But exchange rates can overshoot , with consequences for the competitiveness of a country 's exports .
And if reserves are adequate , then further accumulation is not optimal .
If allowing exchange rates to adjust is not a viable option , the fund has typically advocated cutting interest rates to make the country less attractive to foreign funds .
One reason for the resurgence in capital flows to emerging markets — which the Institute of International Finance , a financial - industry association , thinks will rise to $ 721.6 billion in 2010 from $ 435.2 billion last year — is the difference between their interest rates and the very low rates of the rich world .
But some countries would risk overheating if they cut any further .
The fund 's reconsideration of capital controls suggests that it is trying to adapt its advice to global economic realities .
That is welcome .
But the paper has little to say about what an effective and non-distortionary system would look like .
Now that the IMF views controls on inflows more kindly , perhaps it could help countries to design them more cleverly .
The MPs were kind to Professor Phil Jones .
During its hearings , the Commons science and technology committee did n't even ask the man at the centre of the hacked climate emails crisis about the central charge he faces : that he urged other scientists to delete material subject to a freedom of information request .
Last week the committee published its report , and blamed his university for the " culture of non-disclosure " over which Jones presided .
Perhaps the MPs were swayed by the disastrous performance of his boss at the hearings .
Edward Acton , the vice - chancellor of the University of East Anglia , came across as flamboyant , slippery and insincere .
Jones , on the other hand , seemed both deathly dull and painfully honest .
How could this decent , nerdy man have messed up so badly ?
None of it made sense : the intolerant dismissal of requests for information , the utter failure to engage when the hacked emails were made public , the refusal by other scientists to accept that anything was wrong .
Then I read an article by the computer scientist Steve Easterbrook , and for the first time the light began to dawn .
Easterbrook , seeking to defend Jones and his colleagues , describes a closed culture in which the rest of the world is a tedious and incomprehensible distraction .
" Scientists normally only interact with other scientists .
We live rather sheltered lives … to a scientist , anyone stupid enough to try to get scientific data through repeated FoI requests quite clearly deserves our utter contempt .
Jones was merely expressing ( in private ) a sentiment that most scientists would share – and extreme frustration with people who clearly do n't get it . "
When I read that , I was struck by the gulf between our worlds .
To those of us who clamoured for freedom of information laws in Britain , FoI requests are almost sacred .
The passing of these laws was a rare democratic victory ; they 're among the few means we possess of ensuring that politicians and public servants are answerable to the public .
What scientists might regard as trivial and annoying , journalists and democracy campaigners see as central and irreducible .
We speak in different tongues and inhabit different worlds .
I know how it happens .
Like most people with a science degree , I left university with a store of recondite knowledge that I could share with almost no one .
Ill - equipped to understand any subject but my own , I felt cut off from the rest of the planet .
The temptation to retreat into a safe place was almost irresistible .
Only the extreme specialisation demanded by a PhD , which would have walled me in like an anchorite , dissuaded me .
I hated this isolation .
I had a passionate interest in literature , history , foreign languages and the arts , but at the age of 15 I 'd been forced , like all students , to decide whether to study science or humanities .
From that point we divided into two cultures , and the process made idiots of us all .
Perhaps eventually we 'll split into two species .
Reproducing only with each other , scientists will soon become so genetically isolated that they 'll no longer be able to breed with other humans .
We all detest closed worlds : the Vatican and its dismissal of the paedophilia scandals as " idle chatter " ; the Palace of Westminster , whose members could n't understand the public outrage about their expenses ; the police forces that refuse to discipline errant officers .
Most of us would endorse George Bernard Shaw 's opinion that all professions are conspiracies against the laity .
Much of the public hostility to science arises from the perception that it 's owned by a race to which we do n't belong .
But science happens to be the closed world with one of the most effective forms of self - regulation : the peer review process .
It is also intensely competitive , and the competition consists of seeking to knock each other down .
The greatest scientific triumph is to falsify a dominant theory .
It happens very rarely , as only those theories which have withstood constant battery still stand .
If anyone succeeded in overturning the canon of climate science , they would soon become as celebrated as Newton or Einstein .
There are no rewards for agreeing with your colleagues , tremendous incentives to prove them wrong .
These are the last circumstances in which a genuine conspiracy could be hatched .
But it is no longer sufficient for scientists to speak only to each other .
Painful and disorienting as it is , they must engage with that irritating distraction called the rest of the world .
Everyone owes something to the laity , and science would die if it were not for the billions we spend on it .
Scientists need make no intellectual concessions , but they have a duty to understand the context in which they operate .
It is no longer acceptable for climate researchers to wall themselves off and leave the defence of their profession to other people .
There are signs that this is changing .
The prominent climate change scientist Simon Lewis has just sent a long submission to the Press Complaints Commission about misrepresentation in the Sunday Times .
The paper claimed that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's contention that global warming could destroy up to 40 % of the Amazon rainforest " was based on an unsubstantiated claim by green campaigners who had little scientific expertise " .
It quoted Lewis to suggest he supported the story .
The article and its claims were reproduced all over the world .
But the claims were wrong : there is solid scientific research showing damage on this scale is plausible in the Amazon .
Lewis claims that the Sunday Times falsely represented his views .
He left a comment on the website but it was deleted .
He sent a letter to the paper but it was n't published .
Only after he submitted his complaint to the PCC did the Sunday Times respond to him .
The paper left a message on his answerphone , which he has made public : " It 's been recognised that the story was flawed . "
After seven weeks of stonewalling him , the Sunday Times offered to run his letter .
But it has neither taken down the flawed article nor published a correction .
Good luck to Lewis , but as the PCC 's treatment of the News of the World phone - hacking scandal suggests , he 's likely to find himself shut out of another closed world – journalism – in which self - regulation manifestly does n't work .
Here 's a profession that looks like a conspiracy against the laity even from the inside .
The incomprehension with which science and humanities students regard each other is a tragedy of lost opportunities .
Early specialisation might allow us to compete in the ever more specialised labour market , but it equips us for nothing else .
As Professor Don Nutbeam , the vice - chancellor of Southampton University , complains : " Young people learn more and more about less and less . "
We are deprived by our stupid schooling system of most of the wonders of the world , of the skills and knowledge required to navigate it , above all of the ability to understand each other .
Our narrow , antiquated education is forcing us apart like the characters in a Francis Bacon painting , each locked in our boxes , unable to communicate .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
When I turn on my TV these days , I ’m usually assaulted by ads from the two candidates trying to win the Republican primary for governor of California this year .
Both of them are Silicon Valley moderates who are desperately trying to convince the GOP faithful that they ’re actually stone cold reactionaries , and the ads have gotten pretty ugly .
And not just toward each other .
One ad that ’s currently in heavy rotation , after spending its first 25 seconds trashing the opposing candidate , ends with this ominous message : “ After Arnold , do n’t we deserve … .a Republican ? ”
Ouch .
Why are California Republicans hating on Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
The bill of particulars against the Governator is long , but a big part of the answer is AB32 , a global warming bill passed by the Democratic legislature and signed into law by Schwarzenegger in 2006 .
“ I say the debate is over , ” he had declared a year earlier , and needless to say , those are fighting words for modern conservatives .
But what makes it worse — much , much worse — is what AB32 does .
This is not your run -of - the - mill conservation or energy efficiency bill .
That would be bad enough .
But the centerpiece of AB32 is a plan to limit California ’s greenhouse gas emissions , and the primary way it does this is by authorizing the California Air Resources Board to implement a cap - and - trade plan designed to reduce CO 2 emissions to 1990 levels by the year 2020 .
It ’s the same kind of cap - and - trade proposal that President Obama and congressional Democrats want to impose on the entire country .
Now , this would hardly be the first cap - and - trade plan in history .
That honor belongs to the effort to limit acid rain in the early 90s , which employed a cap - and - trade mechanism that was — surprise !
— originally a conservative idea designed to make use of market principles to reduce sulfur pollution .
Nor would it be the first CO 2 cap - and trade plan .
Europe is already in phase two of ETS , their continent - wide cap - and - trade program .
In fact , it would n’t even be the first CO 2 cap - and - trade plan in the United States .
RGGI , a cap - and - trade mechanism for ten northeastern states , started up two years ago and auctions off CO 2 permits every three months .
You can see the results online if you ’re interested .
( In the most recent auction , a permit to emit a ton of CO 2 sold for about two bucks . )
But none of that matters .
California is still California , a bellwether for the nation , and cap - and - trade here would give the idea both exposure and legitimacy that neither RGGI nor far - off Europe ever could .
And so the opposition has gotten hot .
AB32 set out a 6 - year implementation schedule , which means that cap - and - trade is still a couple of years off .
To keep that from happening , an ugly confederation of oil companies and conservative activists has banded together to put an initiative on the November ballot that would temporarily suspend AB32 until the economy improves .
How long is “ temporarily ” ?
Until unemployment is down to 5.5 % for four quarters in a row .
And how long would that take ?
State estimates suggest that California ’s unemployment rate wo n’t drop to that level until 2017 , which means the earliest AB32 could go into effect is 2018 .
But what are the odds that California wo n’t suffer any kind of economic downturn in the next eight years ?
Pretty slim .
The reality is that the proposed initiative would almost certainly kill off AB32 for good .
So what are the chances of repeal succeeding ?
Hard to say .
The anti-AB32 movement is called the California Jobs Initiative , and their argument is that AB32 will cost California over a million jobs , something the state can hardly afford in the middle of a brutal recession .
AB32 ’s supporters dismiss CJI ’s numbers as ridiculous , and the ammunition employed by the two sides , as usual , is dueling reports .
A study from Charles River Associates suggests that AB32 would reduce average household income in California by about 1 % .
A study from the Air Resources Board , by contrast , projects that both household income and the number of jobs in California would rise slightly by 2020 .
The Legislative Analyst ’s Office , generally considered an honest broker , suggests that California might suffer small near - term job losses if AB32 is implemented , but their analysis is pretty shallow and speculative and their conclusions were backed up with virtually no evidence at all .
Energy efficiency , on net , is usually a winner , something that a wide variety of studies has confirmed .
But all three studies agree on two things : ( a ) the economic effects of AB32 , whether positive or negative , are likely to be modest , and ( b ) there ’s a ton of uncertainty in the forecasts .
The best bet is to simply admit that the most likely economic effect of AB32 is either zero or not far from it .
The econometric tools at hand just do n’t allow us to say much more .
But that might not be enough to save AB32 .
A recent Field Poll showed that 58 % of Californians favor the law , but that ’s a pretty thin majority .
A barrage of industry - funded ads will probably eat into that majority , and turnout at the November election is likely to skew conservative .
Add in California ’s 12.5 % unemployment rate and you have a recipe for a pretty effective fearmongering marketing campaign .
But even if the repeal movement fails , AB32 could still be in trouble if a Republican wins the governor ’s race .
Jerry Brown , the only serious candidate on the Democratic side , supports AB32 , but both of the Republican candidates oppose it .
And since the legislation allows the governor to suspend the law for a year in the event that it poses a threat of “ significant economic harm , ” a Republican governor could effectively kill it for good by simply suspending it every year for as long as they ’re in office .
This makes AB32 ’s future hazy to say the least .
Supporters need to fight off a well - funded initiative campaign and make sure a Democrat is California ’s next governor .
And they need to do it in an electoral environment that promises to be heavily favorable to the GOP and to anti-government forces in general .
Four years ago AB32 promised to be the most muscular climate bill in the country .
But unless a bunch of things go its way , by next year it might be dead .
Dragging a knee on a Honda Gold Wing – Click above to watch the video after the jump
It 's not at all uncommon to see Honda two - wheelers at a local track day event .
After all , the Japanese company is the world 's largest manufacturer of motorcycles , and its VFR , CB and CBR line of sport bikes have become synonymous with reliable performance .
It 's just as likely that you 'll encounter one of Honda 's motorcycles , in most cases a Gold Wing , when touring across the United States .
Naturally , it 's significantly less common to see a CBR criss - crossing the country , and , perhaps even more so , a Gold Wing on the track .
But that 's not to say it can't be done .
In fact , Honda 's luxo - barge is well known to be a nice ride through the twistier bits that often connect those long , barren straightaways to the more sparsely populated cities across America .
That said , a rider scraping up his ( or her , of course ) knee pucks aboard a Honda Gold Wing is n't the kind of thing you expect to see every day .
And that makes the video pasted after the break all the more impressive .
Not too shabby , if we do say so ourselves .
[ Source : Bikerpunks.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
All the political parties say they are happy talking about immigration , but this is the main policy priority for the British National Party .
The party 's leader Nick Griffin outlines his immigration policies .
To get the latest election news from Radio 4 , subscribe to our RSS feed .
Get in touch with Today via email , Twitter or Facebook or text us on 84844 .
Every time I launch either iTerm or Terminal after not using it for a few hours , it takes anywhere from 10 - 20 seconds to return a prompt .
The screen is blank , and although I can type I can't actually run any commands .
If I quit either application , subsequent launches ( if done relatively soon thereafter ) are quite fast .
The slowness only seems to occur if the app was n't running for a few hours .
I 'm running OSX 10.5.7 on a MacBookPro .
I have the exact same setup on another computer , with no slow downs .
Any ideas how to speed things up again ?
Russian roulette shock as wedding guest shoots himself in party trick gone wrong
A wedding guest was arrested by police after a man was seriously wounded playing ' Russian roulette ' in front of a horrified bride and groom .
The guest had been giving a toast when he pretended he was playing the deadly game with a gun that he claimed he thought was entirely empty .
But then he gave the gun to another guest - and it turned out that he had been tragically wrong .
The second guest also fired the handgun against his head - and dropped to ground as a rubber bullet exploded into his skull .
The first guest can be seen standing in shock for a split second after the shot is fired .
Candid camera :
The groom 's friend invites guests to play at a wedding in Astrakhan , Russia , by pulling out a gun and pulling the trigger without firing a shot
The film of the incident has sparked horror after being posted on the web .
The footage shows a friend of the groom propose a toast to the happy couple , pull out the weapon and pretend to shoot himself in the head .
Nothing happens and the man , who later said he believed the gun was empty , claims it was a ‘ childish prank ’ .
Then he says : ‘ Here - who wants to do it ? ’
A voice is heard saying : ‘ Russian Roulette , yes ? ’
Another guest seizes the Russian - made IZH - 79 - 9 , points it at himself in front of dozens of guests .
Foolhardy : A guest takes the gun from the man after he jokingly offered it
Stop him :
Another guest reaches out as victim points the gun to his temple
As another guest appears to try to stop him with an outreached arm coming into view , the man shoot a rubber bullet into his own head .
The TV report shows scenes of panic as the man falls to the ground and someone shouts : ‘ Are you mad ? ’
The unnamed man 's condition was later described as ' very poor ' after doctors removed a bullet from his skull .
He suffered brain damage and paralysis , according to Russian reports .
The man who produced the hand gun at the Astrakhan wedding was arrested .
He said : ‘ I wanted to perform my party trick .
I expected lots of applause after I did it and never guess someone would repeat it . ’
Too late :
The man fires the gun and falls to the floor in front of shocked guests
He insisted he had taken out all the bullets before doing his party ' trick ' .
The man is due to appear in court over the incident , say police .
Russian Roulette was thought to have originated in Tsarist Russia when prison officials would force inmates to play while betting on who would die .
Years later , during the Russian Revolution , Russian officers would play the game in front of comrades .
Some were suicidal , others – perhaps like the victim in this case – just wanted to prove their bravery .
The digital economy bill was an ambitious piece of legislation designed , among other things , to overhaul the broadcasting industry , start the ball rolling on radio switchover , ensure high - speed broadband access for all , and deal with internet piracy .
Gordon Brown regarded it as an attempt to equip Britain for the digital age by providing the infrastructure needed to ensure the country 's creative industries could flourish .
A lack of parliamentary time ahead of the general election torpedoed several key measures in the bill .
And a process that would normally involve several weeks or even months of legislative scrutiny was squeezed into a two - hour Commons debate last night , during which the rest of the bill was largely waved through by MPs .
Today the bill is being considered for a final time in the Lords , where peers are expected to rubber stamp the legislation .
Ofcom
A clause widening Ofcom 's power to oversee " all media " rather than merely TV and radio was opposed by the Tories and dropped by the government earlier this week as part of " wash up " horsetrading with the opposition to get the rest of the bill through .
Two other clauses were passed , giving Ofcom new responsibility for producing regular reports on the evolution of the internet in the UK and looking at how on - demand TV and other websites are contributing to " public service objectives " .
That amounts to little more than a recognition that public service broadcasting content will increasingly be delivered over the internet as well as on TV .
Internet piracy
Most of the controversial parts of the bill are contained in clauses 4 - 18 , which deal with the contentious issue of illegal downloading and how best to tackle it .
Moves by backbench MPs to defeat measures forcing ISPs to restrict or cut off their customers ' internet access if they habitually download films or music illegally failed .
The most incendiary part of the bill - clause 18 - which handed the high court powers to grant injunctions forcing ISPs to block access to online sites , was withdrawn .
However , it was replaced by a government amendment which will effectively achieve the same outcome by different means .
Other clauses , including one that gives
Ofcom the power to impose fines of up to £ 250,000 on ISPs who do n't act against persistent offenders , went through .
Cue fury from those , including privacy campaigners , who claim this infringes the rights of internet users .
Internet domain names
Clauses 19 and 21 give the government the power to intervene when new domain names are registered , after consulting Ofcom .
The regulator is now likely to keep a careful eye on companies who register " .uk " sites to ensure they are not doing so for " illicit use " – ie illegal downloads .
Currently , domain names are handed out by an independent body .
Channel 4
Clauses 22 and 23 will prompt changes at Channel 4 .
The broadcaster 's remit will be rewritten and extended so its original requirement to make innovative content for minority groups applies to its online activities as well as television .
It must also produce news and content for children and teenagers , addressing the concerns of campaigners who claim children 's TV is in the doldrums .
Commercial TV
There is more broadcasting housekeeping in clauses 24 to 28 , which creates single channel three franchises for England and Scotland , a measure that will save ITV plc and STV some money .
England currently has 10 regional channel three franchises , all owned by ITV plc , while STV owns the two Scottish licences , STV and Grampian .
The licences for Telextext on ITV and Channel Five , a service which many viewers – particularly the elderly – still use , will expire in 2014 , the bill confirms .
Ofcom will be given the power to rule on their future after that , but if those licences are renewed they must be on " commercially viable " terms .
In other words , ITV and Five must be able to make money from them .
Both would rather use the capacity teletext occupies for more profitable services .
ITV replacement news services
The government 's decision to withdraw clause 29 marks the end of an acronym – IFNC .
Independently financed news consortiums , which would have made local news to replace regional bulletins on ITV1 , foundered in the face of Conservative opposition .
The government also failed to sign contracts with the preferred bidders for three IFNC pilots – which did not need parliamentary approval via the bill – before Whitehall closed shop for the election .
If Labour forms the new government after 6 May , they could yet be revived .
Digital radio switchover
On to clauses 30 - 40 , which tidy up some of the radio licences in preparation for digital switchover .
The government is handed the power to set a date for switchover , as it did for television , but despite industry pleas , there no date has been enshrined in law .
Radio groups believe an announcement about when the analogue signal will be switched off would help them sell digital to a sceptical public .
Video games
Another industry that was the subject of intense scrutiny in the original Digital Britain report – video games – is also dealt with in just two clauses .
Games that include violence or encourage criminal activity will be regulated more tightly .
Regulation of games will be removed from the British Board of Film Classification , and handed to the Video Standards Council , but that is unlikely to fundamentally alter the way the current ratings system .
Intellectual property
Clause 43 , a controversial measure which would have allowed organisations to use " orphan works " – content whose owners cannot be found – has been jettisoned .
That will not please public institutions such as the British Library , which wants to make more of its vast catalogue of works available online but must overcome huge copyright problems in order to do so .
It will cheer rights owners , including photographers , who argue the change would allow publisher to take their work without paying for it , simply by claiming their owners could not be traced .
Two other clauses were passed , raising the maximum penalty for a criminal conviction for copyright infringement , such as copying DVDs , to £ 50,000 ; and absolving libraries of copyright infringeemnt for lending ebooks and audiobooks .
BioWare 's not one to shy away from intimacy in their games , even when it 's caused controversy .
Advertisement
Mass Effect 2 is no different , allowing player - characters , both male and female , to romance members of their squad .
Playing as a female protagonist , my Commander Shepard had the option to woo a few of the men on the team , as well as as a mono - gendered ( yet decidedly feminine - shaped ) blue alien Asari . *
However , through the course of the game my Shepard had eyes for only one character , the charming , likable female alien , Tali'Zorah .
No matter how hard I tried — believe me , I tried — my lady Shepard could not seduce her .
Advertisement
While I was at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco last month , I spoke with Mass Effect 2 project lead Casey Hudson and BioWare head honchos Greg Zeschuk and Ray Muzyka ( in separate interviews ) about restricting the intimacy of certain characters in the game .
If the game 's about choice , then why can't I pick the mate I want ?
What follows is an excerpt from my full interview ( where I also spoke with the doctors about their DLC strategy , the BioWare / Mythic group and the " tricks up their sleeves " for Mass Effect 3 ) :
Me : Tali is my favorite character .
But my Shepard is female and totally in love with her .
Why can't my character engage in a romance with her ?
Why not have the option to have homosexual relations ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Casey Hudson : Everything new that we add still requires extra content .
Some people might argue in a case like that you could just have the same kinds of scenes that just work with different characters .
But we would n't really want to have it that way .
You 'd want to take a proper approach to designing those scenes , otherwise you 'd see the same scene .
So we kind of pulled back and looked at where we had to draw the line in terms of how much content we make .
How much should we support ?
We actually added a lot more romance options because we have new characters and multiple options already in the romances .
So we kind of pulled back and said , " Well , the love interest is part of the story and it helps you care about the characters in a different way . "
We still view it as ... if you 're picturing a PG - 13 action movie .
That 's how we 're trying to design it .
So that 's why the love interest is relatively light .
...
That 's another thing we did better than we did before .
We really lock you into character .
Tali is really interesting because the whole idea of her character and what she 's concerned about and her experience and age — we kind of factor all those things , and we designed the love interests really around the particular characters because they 're all quite different .
So her ( love scene ) is a little more innocent and fun .
***
Me : ( Same question . )
Ray Muzyka :
In all of BioWare 's games to - date , we 've enabled a lot of choice .
So you look at games going back to Baldur 's Gate , Baldur 's Gate 2 , Knights of the Old Republic , Neverwinter Nights , Dragon Age , of course ...
In future games we are going to enable more choice as well .
That choice can come as a lot of things , it includes relationships , it includes having an impact on world events , among other things .
It 's an important part of our games .
Advertisement
Sometimes , in some of our games , we are going to have a defined character with a more defined view .
Almost like a third - person narrative — where Mass Effect is more in that vein , Dragon Age is n't in that vein ; you could see the differences between the two .
It 's just part of the design and the choices made for each game .
It does n't mean that we 've in anyway changed our philosophy toward enabling choice .
We love giving players choice , and we are going to continue to enable that for future games .
That 's a commitment for some of our franchises .
For some other franchises we 've had more defined characters and sort of approaches to things , and they 've had a more defined personality and a more defined approach to the way they 've proceed through the game and the world .
Some game franchises are going to be slightly different but that 's part of our effort to diversify the portfolio and enable some franchises to have some more choice and some of them are around defining a more specific character , sort of a first - person versus third - person kind of narrative , but we know how important it is to our players to have that choice and we are going to continue to support that .
We believe in diversity and we believe in enabling choices for our fans , it 's important to us .
***
I got the PR spin , for sure .
Though perhaps for a big franchise like Mass Effect , which is meant to appeal to the largest audience possible , homosexuality was considered to be too controversial for the general public ( see the backlash against the female Shepard - Liara scene in the first game ) .
Hudson did say , " We still view it as ... if you 're picturing a PG - 13 action movie . "
So would including homosexuality make it " rated R " ?
Meanwhile , Muzyka suggested that different franchises offer different choices depending on the definition of the character , and for Mass Effect 2 , the option of homosexuality was n't one the developers decided to offer to players .
Advertisement
What do you think ?
Do you think that BioWare played it safe this time by leaving out the option for homosexual relations ?
Did you feel you missed something when you did n't have the option to romance same - sex counterparts ?
* I 'm not counting the Asari .
Try having sex with Morinth and see what happens .
Reprinted with permission from Tracey John .
Tracey John has written about video games for MTV Multiplayer , Wired , Time , Massively and ToyFare , and is currently an editor at UGO Entertainment .
Image via Wikipedia
One very frequent argument I hear when I suggest that people , and especially anarchists should abstain from voting is that by doing this , we only play into the hands of fascists who use the lower turnout to get a bigger influence in electoral politics and therefore actual power .
It is claimed that if the fascists manage to get in the government , things can only end up being worse than if a liberal or social democrat was there .
It ’s suggested then that it is a a better option to vote for the lesser evil just so that things do n’t deteriorate even more .
However this argument , especially when coming from anarchists , seems to suggest the the slugginess and ineffectiveness of the state somehow is lifted when a extremist right - wing party is in power .
That somehow fascists will be able to push through measures that other governments could n’t without a hassle and that they would be even more in league with the ruling elite than every other politician .
I do not see any of this as very likely .
The state will remain ineffective and the fascists will not be able to change either the constitutions or the legal system .
Much like the conservatives and the social democrats , they will be mired in parliamentarism and forced to sing the capitalist ’s tune like every other politician .
This means that they will be unable to boost their support in the working class by making things any better for them in any practical way and they will be unable to crony up to the capitalists without risking working class direct action .
Perhaps the fear is that they ’re going to try to pass more xenophobic and authoritarian measures while they ’re in force , but to tell you the truth , I do n’t see this as any different than what the current governments are doing already .
Perhaps you fear that they ’re going to accelerate this ?
I doubt it , not only because it ’s unlikely that they ’ll have enough electoral majority to do this without the usual degree of incompetence but even if there ’s enough people abstaining from elections ( in favour of direct action ) to give them a powerful parliamentary majority , then it would also mean that there ’s a lot of people to resist and consciously ignore any new fascist rules .
Perhaps the fear is that through Parliamentarism , they ’ll be able to gather popular support by gaining visibility and / or funds from the laws that provide state funding to parties .
History should have proven how useless the former is .
Marxist - Leninist parties have been in the parliament for ages and it has done nothing to increase their support or their visibility .
They only end up sounding antiquated and largely ignored except by those who are already convinced .
Using parliamentarism for propaganda is a failure .
As for the latter , this is not really going to empower them any more than any other party .
At best they ’ll simply abuse the money for their own personal expenses and destroy their own trust and at worst they ’ll use it to fund extra- parliamentary activities with an amount that is less than what they would have if they put their efforts there in the first place .
Perhaps the fear is that they ’ll increase and intensify the corporate cronyism , but this in turn would simply make them indistinguishable as a party from any other right - winger .
History has shown how much the state is a tool for capital anyway , regardless of which position the ruling party espouses rhetorically .
A Fascist party will at best sell the interests of the working class to the capitalist at an unsustainable rate , that is , a rate of exploitation that will quickly radicalize the working class to the point of rebellion , rather than the slow erosion of conservatives or the sweet palliatives of the social democrats .
This in turn will only marginalize the Fascists more and turn more people towards the only thing that can actually work for change : Direct Action .
Perhaps the fear is that the parties of the early 20th century will be revived in different forms and enact similar atrocities .
However this misses a few very important differences with that time .
First of all , those parties manage to do what they did , exactly because they had significant support from the populace at large , who at that time was clueless about the intentions of Fascists .
This was in fact the reason why they managed to gain power even while not being democratically elected and why they did n’t have to .
Their power did not stem from elections but by the large number of citizens who , even when not supportive , were willing to passively accept their rule , even when they voted against them during elections .
In fact , elections had very little to do with the power of those regimes .
Mussolini practically grabbed power by the throat through fear and terror .
Franco simply maneuvered himself into position within the Rebel forces during the Spanish revolution and then conquered all the outside opposition – and was not even a fascist to boot .
Hirohito was a monarch and assumed power via birthright .
Hitler was the only one who could be said to have been elected , but that is seriously stretching the meaning of democracy and ignores the significant maneuvering and terror he had to manufacture in order to place himself into power .
It ’s ignoring the real material circumstances that surrounded his rise to power ( the economic situation in Germany particularly ) and how those do n’t exist in most areas which have fascists running for office .
It was the material circumstances , combined with a reign of terror , ignorance of fascism , handy scapegoats and the still heavy religious and traditional populace which could be dragged along via their delusions and respect for authority .
In almost every area where people claim that we need to vote just to prevent the fascists , almost none of these circumstances exist and in fact , many ca n’t exist anymore .
For most of the first world nations , respect for religious authority and especially organized religion is in decline .
Traditionalism is fading and only Nationalism is poised to regain some credence given worsening economic conditions .
But nationalism cannot carry the ball alone .
Furthermore , there ’s no handy USSR and evil commies to use an as external threat , although I ’m certain China might come in handy for that purpose if push comes to shove .
Fascism has also been severely discredited in the minds of most humans by now , making it even more unlikely that they ’ll ever enjoy the mindless support of the 20s and 30s .
So at the end , you have a toothless threat .
I ’m not saying it ’s not a threat at all of course , but the issue will not come through elections , but by them gathering popular support and / or pushing through an agenda via terror and lies .
And those direct action tactics will not be defeated by counter - electioneering any more than voting prevented Mussolini , Hitler or Franco from coming into power .
They will not be defeated by simple arguments either for that matter as Fascism is far more about emotion than it is about reason .
No , the only thing that can prevent fascism from ever coming back to power is the same thing they will use to practically do so : Direct Action .
By countering their terror through mutual aid .
By countering their shows of power via counter - rallies .
By striking back on their acts of violence .
In short , by not letting people believe that the Fascists are the only ones willing to take action in difficult situations when words are not enough .
Suggesting to take part in elections in order to oppose the fascists is not only useless , but is furthermore playing into the hands of the state which uses a handy boogieman to gain votes for the lesser evil parties at best or simply provide itself with legitimacy at worst .
And anarchists especially , should know better than to play into the hand of the ruling elite just because fascists are considered to be the greatest evil .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
For any project , a quality UXer should be able to define the problem that design needs to solve , identify the skills required and the tasks involved , estimate the time it will take to accomplish those tasks and commit to a project schedule .
But even with all that , we still need a project manager to do these five things well .
Bishop Vangheluwe asked for forgiveness over the abuse
The bishop of the Belgian city of Bruges , Roger Vangheluwe , has resigned after admitting sexual abuse of a boy earlier in his career .
Bishop Vangheluwe , 73 , said the abuse had happened when he was a simple priest and continued when he started as a bishop , a Vatican statement said .
The Vatican said Pope Benedict XVI had accepted the resignation .
The Catholic Church has come under severe pressure over child sexual abuse allegations emerging across the world .
The BBC's David Willey , in Rome , says the Pope 's acceptance of the bishop 's resignation marks a new escalation in the scandal buffeting the Church .
It is the first time that a senior churchman has admitted in person abusing a child , he says .
RESIGNATIONS THIS WEEK Bishop Roger Vangheluwe of Bruges , Belgium - accepted Bishop James Moriarty of Kildare , Ireland - accepted Bishop Walter Mixa of Augsburg , Germany - offered " When I was not yet a bishop , and some time later , I abused a boy , " Bishop Vangheluwe said in a letter that was read out at a press conference in Brussels .
" This has marked the victim forever .
The wound does not heal .
Neither in me nor the victim . "
Bishop Vangheluwe added that he was " enormously sorry " and that he had repeatedly asked for forgiveness .
He had been bishop of Bruges since 1984 .
' Turning a page ' Belgium 's Archbishop Andre- Joseph Leonard told the press conference in Brussels that the case would be " very saddening to the Belgian Catholic community " .
" We are aware of the crisis of confidence that this will engender for a number of people , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But he said the resignation showed that the Belgian Catholic Church wanted to " resolutely turn a page on a very painful " topic .
Bishop Vangheluwe 's decision to quit comes after the announcement earlier this month that a German - born former Roman Catholic bishop in Norway , Georg Mueller , had resigned last year after admitting to committing sex abuse .
This week there have been a series of resignations offered or accepted by bishops who were not accused of committing sex abuse .
It was announced on Thursday that the German Bishop of Augsburg , who had been accused of beating children at a Catholic children 's home in the 1970s and 1980s , had tendered his resignation .
Bishop Walter Mixa had also been under pressure over allegations of financial irregularities at a children 's school under his responsibility .
This week the Pope also accepted the resignation of Bishop James Moriarty of Kildare in Ireland , who said he wanted to play a part in creating a " new beginning " following scandals there .
Bishop Moriarty was one of several Irish bishops to resign after the Church was criticised over its handling of abuse cases .
The Pope promised " action " over abuse against children by priests when he met victims during a visit to Malta last week .
US lawsuit In Germany , where recent allegations have caused widespread anger , Church representatives were among those participating in a round - table discussion on Friday about widespread abuse in schools and other institutions .
The event , which aims to encourage justice for victims and prevention of future abuse , brought together about 60 people including politicians , lawyers , psychologists and representatives of teachers ' organisations .
" Whether it occurs in Church institutions , schools , or in familiar circles , there are conspiracies of silence everywhere , " Christine Bergmann , the government commissioner who was chairing the session , was quoted as saying by German broadcaster Deutsche Welle .
Meanwhile , the Vatican on Friday rejected a US lawsuit brought by a man who says he was the victim of the late Father Lawrence Murphy , accused of abuse at a school for deaf children in Milwaukee .
Vatican lawyer Jeffrey Lena said the suit was " completely without merit " and rehashed " old theories already rejected by US courts " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Titles Bookstore at McMaster University is a full sized , multi- faceted bookstore offering textbooks , general books , custom courseware , stationary , microcomputer needs and McMaster branded clothing and giftware .
An ancillary operation of McMaster , Titles has been serving the McMaster community since 1931 , with profits generated being allocated to the Student Affairs department which operates a variety of student services on campus .
A member of Canadian Booksellers Association , Titles is proud to service McMaster and the Hamilton community .
Everyone is welcome to check out our selection of over 40,000 General Interest books as well as the unique McMaster - branded items we stock in all of our departments .
This SHOW will include various events and activities related to Titles bookstore -- from author events and signings to various " about the bookstore " and helpful instructional videos .
Titles website is at http://titles.mcmaster.ca
A new study is rekindling one of the most heated debates in parenting — should you ever spank a child ?
The researchers , whose work was published in the journal Pediatrics , concluded that spanking small children can make them more violent .
Of the 2,500 mothers studied , over a quarter spanked their children regularly .
Children spanked at age 3 were 40 percent more likely than their unspanked peers to be aggressive two years later , at age 5 .
Does this mean parents should give up spanking once and for all ?
( Watch a CNN report about the spanking study )
This is the the last strike for spanking : Spanking teaches children to solve problems with violence , says Alice Park in Time , so it 's hardly surprising that spanked children are more aggressive later in life .
Spanking instills " fear rather than understanding " — alternatives , such as time - outs , teach children to think about their behavior rather than " blindly " acting out .
" Spanking kids leads to aggressive behavior , says study "
Do n't bash spanking just yet :
While I 've never spanked my children , I have friends who spanked their kids , says Lisa Cianci at the Orlando Sentinel .
Those kids , now in their teens , " seem perfectly delightful . "
While the thought of physically hurting a child " makes me sick , " it 's entirely possible there are some particularly unruly children " who only respond to that punishment . "
" Does spanking make children aggressive ? "
Wait a minute — not all spanks are created equal :
Sure , spanking in a fit of rage is bad , says Dr. Dathan Paterno at Desperately Seeking Parents .
But parents who are " calm " and " self - controlled " when they deliver the occasional swat to the bottom — and use time - outs in conjunction with the spank — instill respect , authority , and a " modicum of fear . "
Such measured discipline is " never going to develop a pattern of violence in a child .
Never . "
" Again with the spanking ... "
Sidney Crosby was 14 years old .
Alex Ovechkin was 15 years old .
Adam Oates led the league with 64 assists .
Jason Allison was one of the best power play players in the league .
The Toronto Maple Leafs were good .
The Phoenix Coyotes made the playoffs .
It was April of 2002 and the it was the last time that the Phoenix Coyotes saw the post - season in person .
And even though they became the only team to not upset the Sharks when San Jose was heavily - favored in a first round matchup , the series marked the fifth trip to the playoffs in six years since moving from Winnipeg to Phoenix .
There was no reason to believe that the string would come to an end .
Instead , it 's been seven long years in the desert for the franchise and fanbase , and while the upcoming playoff appearance wo n't cure all of the Coyotes ' ills , it will be a salve for the almost - tortured fanbase in Arizona .
via www.sportslogos.net
SB Nation 's Oilers vs Coyotes coverage
Five For Howling
There is an entire generation of young fans in Phoenix that have never seen playoff hockey , and considering the issues that the team has had off of the ice , a playoff appearance and especially a series win , should go a long way towards stimulating fan interest in the team .
I asked Travis Hair of the best Coyotes site on the internet , Five For Howling , about it .
" Just making the playoffs would have been huge at the beginning of the year , " said Hair .
" Heck , having a team that was just out there competing would have been a win for a lot of the fans .
To have a team that 's fourth in points and getting home ice though was just out of the realm of what even the most optimistic fans thought could happen .
In general the fans are on cloud nine here .
And they could n't be happier with the success . "
Even Hair , a Phoenix fan since the day the team moved to the desert , is foggy on the team that last made the playoffs in 2001 - 2002 .
" I remember the last time they made it , but not well .
I was in college in Tucson so was n't really around and had other things going on , " said Hair . " I do remember the series against the Blues in 1999 and listening to it on the radio .
I remember Roenick having that crazy jaw guard and having his mouth wired shut to play against them .
It was crazy .
This 'll be the first time I see a Playoff game in person though and am really excited about what will happen . "
There has been some " concern " , especially on Canadian fan message boards and blogs that Phoenix wo n't be able to sellout the Jobing Arena during the series .
I asked Hair if there was any validity to the rumors .
Hair said , " I guess there 's a chance that the games do n't sell out , but I think game 1 is 95 % sold and game 2 is 90 % or something like that already without people even knowing who the opponent or the day will be . "
And of the " concern " that they wo n't fill the house that 's being voiced by other team 's fans ?
" I 'm not too worried about it so long as people do n't go selling tickets to away team fans , " said Hair .
" If we play the WIngs and people scalp the tickes for insane prices to Wing fands I 'm going to go to those people 's homes and punch them square in the face . "
I asked Hair if he expected any of this .
" I 'm pretty happy .
I predicted a sixth place finish in the West at the beginning of the season and I knew that was optimistic .
To be in fourth and rub people 's noses in that a bit has been great .
The story of the team is great .
Everything is great .
That being said though I 'll be disappointed if they do n't do something with it .
If they go down in the first round it 'll be just as bad in terms of people crapping on the team and the fans and anyone else they can as if we had n't made it at all .
That being said , I do n't see that happening . "
Hair has started a campaign on his site asking fans of teams that have been eliminated from playoff contention to get behind the Coyotes .
Here is the letter to Edmonton fans .
His reasons for Edmonton fans to root for the Coyotes are excellent .
Any sort of playoff run that Phoenix could put together will have a major impact on the bottom line .
Each home game means additional revenue , and for a league - owned team that is burning through $ 30 million a year , the additional dollars will lighten the load that the league and the other owner 's are bearing right now .
I would n't be surprised if the fourteen owners that missed the playoffs are all rooting for a Stanley Cup finals win from the Coyotes .
One other note about the Coyotes - only one player remains from that 2001 - 2002 team , the face of the franchise - Shane Doan .
Doan is often mentioned as on of the best players to never win ... a playoff series .
It 's incredible that Doan has spent fourteen seasons in the league , has appeared in the playoffs six times and has yet to see the second round .
For Doan , this could be a last hurrah , and I expect that his performance in the first round will be one of the finest the NHL has seen in a number of years .
Thanks to Simon at Australian Climate Madness ( ACM ) the video of yesterday ’s testimony by Dr. Phil Jones of UEA / CRU is now online via YouTube , making it viewable by millions worldwide .
There are five parts , each of about 9 or 10 minutes .
Jones is accompanied by the Vice Chancellor of the University of East Anglia , Prof. Edward Acton .
Symon sums up the questioning : “ They do n’t exactly give PJ a tough ride , do they ?
To quote the former UK Labour Chancellor Denis Healey , it was like being savaged by a dead sheep … ” .
Fred Pearce of the Guardian commented that : “ … the Commons committee tiptoed round embattled scientist and sidestepped crucial questions ” .
Here ’s a sampling of what British press has to say .
Thanks to Dr. Benny Peiser and his CCNet Newsletter for the roundup .
MPs have quizzed the scientist at the centre of the “ climategate ” scandal , the first time he has been questioned in public since the row erupted .
Professor Phil Jones used his appearance before the science committee to say that he had done nothing wrong .
Earlier , critics told the MPs that the stolen e-mails , which appeared on the internet in November , raised questions about the integrity of climate science .
– BBC News , 1 March 2010
Prof Phil Jones , head of the University of East Anglia ’s Climatic Research Unit , is accused of withholding raw data behind his research on global warming .
In emails stolen from the university he asks one climate change sceptic : “ Why should I give information to you when all you want to do is find something wrong with it ? ”
In a grilling by MPs , Prof Jones admitted he had withheld data and sent some “ pretty awful ” emails .
But he insisted it was “ standard practice ” to refuse certain information to other scientists .
– Louise Gray , The Daily Telegraph , 2 March 2010
Lord Lawson called for scientists to be more open about their methodologies .
“ The Freedom of Information Act should not have been brought into this , ” former Chancellor Lord Lawson of Blaby , a longstanding critic of climate policy , told MPs .
“ Scientists of integrity reveal … all of their data and all their methods .
They do n’t need Freedom of Information
Act requests to get this out of them . ”
– BBC News , 1 March 2010
Also giving evidence alongside Lord Lawson was Dr Benny Peiser , director of the Global Warming Policy Foundation .
He said that sound science was based on “ testability , replication , and verification ” .
Dr Peiser told the committee : “ Of course , if you do not have the data sets or methods then you have to trust the word of a scientist .
“ You can not even see if he has done these calculations directly on the basis of solid data , and this is the core of this problem – it is not about the overall science , it is about the process . ”
– BBC News , 1 March 2010
The integrity of climate change research is in doubt after the disclosure of e-mails that attempt to suppress data , a leading scientific institute has said .
The Institute of Physics said that e-mails sent by Professor Phil Jones , head of the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia , had broken “ honourable scientific traditions ” about disclosing raw data and methods and allowing them to be checked by critics .
– Ben Webster , The Times , 1 March 2010
The body representing 36,000 UK physicists has called for a wider enquiry into the Climategate affair , saying it raises issues of scientific corruption .
The Institute of Physics does n’t pull any punches in the submission , one of around 50 presented to the Commons Select Committee enquiry into the Climategate archive .
The IOP says the enquiry should be broadened to examine possible “ departure from objective scientific practice , for example , manipulation of the publication and peer review system or allowing pre-formed conclusions to override scientific objectivity . ”
– Andrew Orlowski , The Register , 1 March 2010
The entire 3 hours is available here via Windows Media Player :
http://www.parliamentlive.tv/Main/Player.aspx?meetingId=5979&player=windowsmedia
Sorry , the MP ’s do n’t seem to have a Mac / Quicktime link .
Select segments about 9 - 10 minutes each are available below .
Part1
Part2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
April 25 , 2010 — Patrick Zimmerman
The Hand of the Masters : A Steampunk Version of The French Revolution
La Main des Maîtres ( The Hand of the Masters ) is a five - minute animated short film by three students from the French Georges Méliès School : Vivien Chauvet , Adrien Toupet and Clément Delatre .
The film won the 2009 Strasbourg International Film Festival ( France ) Best Animation Award .
It takes graphic inspiration from early 20th century ’s Art Nouveau and Victorian styles , and from those influences , everything went to Steampunk .
The film tells the story of working class people and their struggles during the industrial revolution .
In this Steampunk version of the French Revolution , Chari and Ico , two young members of the working class , try to give meaning to their existences .
The Hand of the Masters : A Steampunk Version of The French Revolution
Please Share
This :
They came old and young , in Sunday best and football jerseys , some who knew Jaime Escalante , and others who knew only his legacy .
As in life , the famed math teacher , who died of bladder cancer March 30 at age 79 , welcomed them all .
Friday ’s wake in a lecture hall at Garfield High School had an atmosphere that was part memorial , part church social : somber and festive at the same time , with mortuary workers and mariachis mingling on the school ’s sunlit front lawn .
Students were let out of class early for the event .
Scores stayed to see Escalante ’s casket .
The line stretched halfway across the front of the red , white and blue high school made famous in the 1988 movie “ Stand and Deliver . ”
Teenagers and former students with their own children in tow waited alongside retired teachers , swapping memories .
Advertisement
“ He was always pressed , always in long - sleeved shirts , very formal , ” recalled Angela Fajardo , a former student .
Fajardo , 37 , now teaches herself .
“ I had him for three years and I can truly say he molded me , ” she said .
In death , Escalante has again received national attention .
He became known after his teaching methods propelled a group of Garfield students to surprise success on the 1982 Advanced Placement calculus test .
Their performance prompted accusations of cheating , silenced after most of the students passed the test a second time .
Friday ’s wake was organized in part by Edward James Olmos , who played Escalante in the film , and , pro bono , by Montebello ’s Risher Mortuary .
Advertisement
Olmos said that hours before he died , Escalante told him he regretted leaving Garfield in 1991 , and Olmos felt the school was the place for the wake .
“ This was his base , the best part of his life , ” said Olmos , who stood outside , agreeing to autographs or cellphone photos from whoever asked .
Guests who made it through Friday ’s line into the lecture hall found Escalante ’s shiny black casket in the teacher ’s place at the front of the room , overflowing with red roses and white lilies .
Photos of the teacher in his trademark newsboy cap -- which he is to be buried in -- were posted around the room , alongside banners touting the ease of calculus .
A blackboard was covered with equations .
Near the casket sat Raul Escalante , the teacher ’s brother , and sisters Olimpia and Berta , who had flown in from La Paz , Bolivia , the previous night .
Raul Escalante , an accountant , remembered his brother ’s childhood curiosity and intellect -- how he puzzled over devices such as radios , determined to understand their workings .
Advertisement
He was inspired to teach math by his mother , who was also a math teacher .
“ He taught with the same style as my mother , ” Raul said .
“ Charismatic .
Organized . ”
To Ali Gardea , 45 , an affirmative - action consultant , Escalante was the uncompromising teacher who made sure his students shared his priorities .
“ He would get so angry when we were in the marching band and something would take us away from class , ” she recalled , laughing .
“ He would say , ‘ How are you going to support your family on marching band ! ’ ”
In fact , Gardea stuck with band -- all the way through college at the University of California .
Now , she said , she appreciates how Escalante used his fame not for his own advancement , but to obtain more resources for students .
Alejandra Herrera , 15 , had no memories of the teacher to draw on as she waited .
“ I wanted to come and show respect , ” the Garfield sophomore said .
“ I ’m not sure where Garfield would be without him , and I ’ve seen his movie so many times . ”
Advertisement
Math , she added , “ is my favorite subject . ”
Escalante ’s casket will leave Garfield in a procession up South Atlantic Boulevard at 9 a.m. Saturday before an 11 a.m. service in Weingart Stadium at East Los Angeles College .
jill.leovy@latimes.com
A man has been rushed to hospital with head injuries after being struck by a car during peak hour in Melbourne ’s inner north early today .
The man , believed to be in his 40s , was hit just before 8 am on the corner of Johnston and Brunswick streets in Fitzroy .
Ambulance Victoria initially believed the man was a cyclist but have confirmed he was a pedestrian .
An Ambulance Victoria spokeswoman said the circumstances remained unclear , but the man was breathing and conscious as he was taken to Royal Melbourne Hospital .
Why You ’re Not Getting Traffic To Your Website ( And What To Do About It )
Having taught dozens of successful online entrepreneurs , we have discovered that there are certain things they all have in common .
Developing an “ entrepreneurial mindset ” is one of them – a way of thinking that is slightly different from the way most people think .
Get guidance on how to build an online business that connects with customers and exceeds their expectations .
forum poster points to a report Google translation ) from Taiwanese newspaperthat appears to claim that new MacBook , MacBook Pro , and MacBook Air models are due for launch sometime this month .
While the Google translation leaves much to be desired in the way of clarity , the report seems to indicate that new models were planned for introduction in March but shortages of Intel 's new chips pushed the launch back to this month .
The report also claims that Apple will be pushing all three sizes of the MacBook to a maximum of 640 GB hard drives with 8 - hour battery performance across the board .
The remainder of the report primarily focuses on suppliers , with Quanta and Hon Hai ( Foxconn ) targeted for assembly of the devices and Innolux and AU Optronics being tapped for LCD panels .
Updates to Apple 's MacBook
Pro line have been widely expected for several months , although reports of possible release plans have become less frequent in recent weeks as attention has shifted to the iPad .
Apple 's MacBook
Air is similarly due for an update , as it was last refreshed in June alongside the new MacBook Pros .
The MacBook was last updated in October and thus has not necessarily been viewed as ready for an update , but we are beginning to approach its typical refresh window as well .
Since his release from the low - secturity Tønsberg prison in southern Norway , Varg Vikernes has refused to keep the low profile that many expected .
During his sentence , Vikernes had hinted that he wished to author books under an assumed name , or perhaps take up farming .
Instead , Burzum have a new album , Belus , and Vikernes has appeared in some of the world 's major heavy metal magazines .
The Quietus , in Norway for the annual By : Larm music conference , managed to persuade the former Mayhem member that he should speak to us – though the granting of this request came with one condition .
We were not to discuss the murder of Euronymous , church burnings , or his musical past .
Instead , we were told : no photographs , no bullshit ; we could visit Vikernes ' home to get the exclusive , unexpurgated playback of the music that inspired Belus - his first post incarceration musical statement .
The winter of 2009 to 2010 has been the coldest in recent Norwegian memory .
Vikernes insists that we undertake the journey at night so as to be unable to trace the location of his rural retreat and , after a few hours of driving through the white landscape , the car steered by a taciturn employee of Burzum 's label Byelobog Productions arrives at a low , single storey house , isolated on top of a small hill , nearly a metre of snow on its roof .
And there , on the veranda , arms folded into an authentic Norwegian minke whaler 's jerkin , stands one of the most notorious musicians on the planet .
" Look ! Mordor ! " laughs Vikernes humorously , gesturing towards the horizon , where a strange light that perhaps emanates from an airport glows behind a dark line of pine trees .
He ushers us into a large , light and airy open plan room .
A cast - iron stove burns against one wall , four enormous speakers take up the corners .
Vikernes ' record player has been moved to the centre of the room , five records laid out on a pouffe beside it .
I 'm ushered to a chair , handed a glass of water – Vikernes is teetotal – and he sits down opposite me to explain what I 'm about to hear .
" It was around eight years into my incarceration that I realised that I had to stand apart from the so - called black metal scene , which , in my absence , had become a Shakespearian parody of the original , pure and noble form which we founded anno 1991 , " Vikernes says .
" I noticed from my pine and ash - lined jail cell that members of the scene were busy hanging out with their friends , having sex with hot chicks and in some cases hot dudes , getting tattoos , going fishing , watching Richard Curtis comedies , visiting their mothers with flowers , helping out with community outreach programmes , learning conversational French at nightschool and other sordid pastimes that one would normally associate with the negro savage .
" It was almost as if everyone suddenly relaxed and started having a good time the second I got banged up ! "
Word reached Vikernes of what , to him , seemed like a distressing development in the scene that he had helped to create .
" When I was sent down , some of them even started walking , talking , acting , dancing and dressing like homosexuals , " he sputters .
" Once truly proud Norse warriors started attending Sing A Long A Sound Of Music , working on their upper body muscle definition , taking saunas , wearing extravagant scarves and openly discussing Dancing On Ice in Starbucks .
Once we proudly adorned our stages with strings of Nordic sausages covered in Ribena , designed to represent the chainsaw gutfuck of the traitor Christ .
Now it is impossible to stage a black metal gathering without hearing the chthonic , parched , deathly scream of : ' Look at the mess in here !
Would you shut that door !
I 'm bloody freezing !
There 's Ribena all over my favourite Xsathur T - shirt !
This will never come out ! ' "
" Homosexuality has no place in black metal , " he thunders , jabbing the air with the stem of his pipe .
" It has been scientifically proven that gay men cannot read black metal logos and cannot pronounce the words ' Inn i de dype skogers favn ' . "
The clearly agitated Vikernes has leapt up from his chair , and stands tall and proud in front of me , staring at some point on the far wall .
I hardly dare glance to see what exactly he 's looking at .
The label minion shuffles nervously in the background .
" Now as everyone knows Norwegian jail is no picnic , " he sighs as he settles back into his chair , the moment passed .
" You can have a guitar and an amp or a PC with cubase and Pro Tools but under no circumstances are you allowed a drum kit in your cell !
The fascists !
I opted to get rid of my futon for being ' too black ' and got it replaced with a selection of goat pelts from IKEA .
One day while reclining on my Easy Boy , supping a Citron Presse and trying to tease myself into a state of arousal while watching Trisha on my portable television , I realized that it was a blessing for me to be in jail .
Only from this amount of solitude in my austere monk - like cell , could the true creative impulse come .
It was only in this prison of the tainted Norwegian state that I could truly pursue my belief in what I term Odalism . "
At this point he drops the bombshell : " Because the once pure black metal has become infected and diluted , I have had to retreat even further into splendid isolation ; taking refuge amongst the white , noble , proud strains of New Orleans jazz , hip hop , freebase funk , crunkcore and South African R&B . "
New Orleans jazz is something that is obviously close to the murdering racist 's heart : " While in prison , one of the distressing tidings I received written on the inside of the lid of a jar of sild was that members of the Norwegian metal brotherhood traitorously collaborating with the dilettantish free jazz scene that the gullible people of my country have accepted wholesale .
As is well known , I have spurned my former Nazi beliefs – this , I can reveal to you now , is entirely due to the Nazis ' mixing of ceremonial music played upon brass instruments , and the false destruction and chaos wrought in Europe during the middle of the twentieth century .
This , my reading led me to realize , was further evidence that the Norwegian black metal scene were being led blindly into following Judeo - Christian beliefs – what brought down the walls of Jericho ?
The brutal honking of trumpet not a thousand miles from impure Swede Mats Gustaffson .
I found solace in the music of New Orleans , played on horns as pure of that of a hunter in the wastes of the North . "
Vikernes rises once again , and walks across the room to stand behind his record player .
He reaches down , picks up an album from the pouffe , and slips the black vinyl from its sleeve .
" Allowed only one record a month , this is what I discovered .
This is the music of Purity .
This is the music of Belus "
Public Enemy ' Bring The Noise '
Wicked Witch ' Fancy Dancer '
Letta MBulu ' What Is Wrong Grooving '
Andrew Blakeney , Louis Nelson , Rudi Balliu , Alton Purnell , Ed Garland and Barry Martyn ' Hindustan '
Ohio Players ' Funky Worm '
JaviFuentes booooooooring .
3D was even worse .
If you ’ve seen a cheap “ epic ” movie you ’ve seen this .
probabil disjointed scripting , paper thin characters , and total ignorance of greek mythology .
It was very like watching a bad saturday morning cartoon .
The Kraken had has much emotional depth as Perseus
angiebatgirl
Only thing I did n’t like was that they got the myths wrong .
Other than that , pure popcorn
dopefish3d poorly lit and poorly filmed , made a lot of it just look cheap and poorly thought out .
Atrocious editing in the first 20 mins makes it very hard to get into or feel attached to anyone .
Plus they actually make fun of the owl from the original 🙁
Perseus finds the owl in the barracks before leaving on his quest .
“ What is this ” “ Leave that piece of crap behind ” * tosses *
angiebatgirl Perseus ’ birth ,
Io helped Prometheus , not Perseus , Casseopia ’s insult and it was Posiedon that released the sea monster .
And Perseus married Andromeda
liamdunne
It butchered the classics horribly .
Pegasus was ridden by Bellerophon , not Perseus .
Medusa had two sisters .
& a Djinn , WTF ?
probabil one last thought .. Bobo would have been a less annoying side kick that the jinn that they added .. made of wood and black magic
FX114 Stupid plot , dumbed down story , some lame action , unexplained occurences , bad jokes , general hollywoodizing of amazing story .
trulyepic
The reviews I saw said the 3D was a joke .
NadieSabeDFW 3D was terrible .
2D will be a fun watch .
Some good action .
Kraken release / city attack was a let down .
Calibos very different .
stellasinistra
I felt like SFX overshadowed everything , Perseus was a crappy hero , EVERY Argonian soldier dies leaving him alone to fight the Kraken .
The story line jumps from one activity to another , poor plot strength / continuity
The CEO , Jesús María Herrera , places the objective of the purchase in complementing the machining activities in Mexico to address an important physical and commercial expansion
The Basque automotive group CIE Automotive has closed the acquisition of two companies dedicated to the machining of parts in Celaya , State of Guanajuato ( Mexico ) , for an amount of about 58 million euros .
The acquired companies are , according to the Basque company in a statement , Precision Machining of Mexico and Precision Courts of Mexico , whose Ebitda ( gross operating margin ) is expected to reach 18 million US dollars ( approximately 16 million euros ) at the end of 2019 .
The price of the operation will be adjusted on the closing date of the transaction based on its indebtedness , which is common in this type of operation , the Basque company said .
The purchase price will be paid by CIE Automotive in cash on the closing date and will be financed through the cash surplus currently available to the Basque company .
Jesús María Herrera , CEO of CIE Automotive , explained that the objective of the purchase of these companies is “ the use of the set of productive assets ” , which complement the mechanized activities of the group in Mexico and will allow an important physical expansion and future commercial in this and other technologies .
“ This transaction also reinforces CIE Automotive ’s commitment to the Mexican automotive market , ” said the senior executive of the Basque company .
The closing of the operation is conditioned to the fulfillment of the usual conditions in this type of operations , including the authorization of the Mexican concentration control authorities , the company warns finally .
Iran to hang nine more over election unrest
TEHRAN - Iran said on Tuesday it would soon hang nine more rioters over the unrest that erupted after the June presidential vote , and the leader of the opposition said such repression showed the 1979 Islamic revolution had failed .
“ Nine others will be hanged soon .
The nine , and the two who were hanged on Thursday , were surely arrested in the recent riots and had links to anti-revolutionary groups , ” said senior judiciary official Ebrahim Raisi , the semi-official Fars news agency reported .
The two men hanged last week were among a group of 11 people sentenced to death on charges including “ waging war against God ” and being members of armed groups .
Opposition leader Mirhossein Mousavi , former prime minister , said on Tuesday the repression showed the 1979 Islamic revolution that overthrew the U.S. - backed Shah “ had not achieved its goals ” .
“ Filling the prisons and brutally killing protesters show that the root of ... dictatorship remain from the monarchist era , ” he said on his Kalemeh website .
Influential cleric Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati praised the hangings and urged the judiciary on Friday to execute more .
“ The cruel cleric praises the judiciary for the hangings despite serious concerns over the methods used for getting confessions from detainees , ” Mousavi said .
Eight people , including a nephew of Mousavi , were killed in demonstrations during the Shi’ite ritual of Ashura on Dec. 27 and officials said over 1,000 were arrested .
“ The ‘ green movement ’ will not abandon its peaceful fight ... until people ’s rights are preserved , ” Mousavi told the Kalemeh website .
“ Peaceful protests are Iranians ’ right . ”
Revolutionary anniversary nears
His comments may encourage supporters to take to the streets on Feb. 11 , when Iran marks the anniversary of the 1979 revolution with state - organised rallies .
If so , clashes are expected .
Since a disputed presidential election in June , the opposition has used state rallies to stage anti-government protests .
Mousavi and another defeated candidate , Mehdi Karoubi , have urged their supporters to attend the Feb. 11 events .
“ Under no condition will we let the ‘ green movement ’ show up ... it will be firmly confronted by us , ” said Hossein Hamedani , a commander of the Revolutionary Guards .
Iran has been rocked by protests since the election that gave President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a second term .
The poll , which reformist leaders said was rigged , touched off the worst internal crisis in the Islamic Republic ’s history .
The government denied any fraud in the voting .
Iran dismissed on Tuesday a U.S. expansion of missile defence systems in the Gulf to counter what Washington sees as the Islamic Republic ’s growing missile threat , saying it had good relations with neighbouring states .
Nuclear tension
On Sunday , the United States said it had expanded land - and sea - based missile defence systems in and around the Gulf .
They include expanded land - based Patriot defensive missile installations in Kuwait , Qatar , UAE and Bahrain .
“ We consider these kinds of moves by overseas countries in the region as unworkable and we have been witnessing the failure of such moves , ” Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast told a news conference .
“ Relations between the Islamic Republic of Iran and the other countries in the region are very good and friendly , ” he said .
“ An interactive attitude in the region is the only suitable approach towards making peace and stability . ”
U.S. officials said the expansion was meant to increase protection for U.S. forces and key allies in the Gulf .
Neither the United States nor Israel have ruled out military action if diplomacy fails to resolve the row over Iran ’s nuclear programme , which the West suspects is aimed at making bombs .
Iran says its nuclear work is a peaceful drive for energy generation and has vowed to hit back if attacked .
It says its missile programme is defensive in nature .
Western diplomats said at the United Nations the United States and three European powers hoped to blacklist Iran ’s central bank and firms linked to the Revolutionary Guards in a new round of U.N. sanctions over Tehran ’s nuclear programme .
testing captions
" South Park " often gets bleeped .
But not usually like this .
On Wednesday , the conclusion of the two - part story involving the Prophet Mohammed was shown with a number of audio spots covered by bleeps and images hidden by a block reading " CENSORED . "
Though " South Park " creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone have had fun with censorship in the past - including in part one of the Mohammed story , which involved free speech issues - apparently this time much of the censorship came from Comedy Central itself .
" Comedy Central was responsible for the bleeps and not showing Mohammed in last night ’s episode , " a spokesperson for the network told CNN .
The first part of the episode , which aired April 14 , attracted protest from an Islamic group , Revolution Muslim .
The group posted an entry on its website that included a warning to Parker and Stone that they risked violent retribution after the episode included a satirical discussion about whether an image of the prophet could be shown .
Abu Talhah al Amrikee , the author of the post , told CNN it was meant to show those offended by the depiction of Mohammed how they can voice their opposition , and was n't a call to violence .
Mohammed was believed to have been portrayed disguised in a bear suit in a portion of the episode , though last night 's episode revealed otherwise .
On Stone and Parker 's website , SouthParkStudios.com , a message acknowledged that Comedy Central had added some bleeps and that they could n't stream their cut of part two :
" After we delivered the show , and prior to broadcast , Comedy Central placed numerous additional audio bleeps throughout the episode , " said a message on the site .
" We do not have network approval to stream our original version of the show . "
But my disappointment in government leaders in the U.S. and elsewhere is matched by my admiration for a new influential group of Americans , whom I call lifestyle leaders — for they are taking matters into their own hands , such as through building gardens , weatherizing their homes , getting rid of their cars , moving off - grid , bartering with neighbors and joining Community Supported Agriculture ( CSA ) programs .
The failure of the Copenhagen climate talks taught us one thing — that hoping for intelligent responses to climate change from the world ’s governments is an exercise in futility .
It ’s just not going to happen in time .
Believing this group may hold the key to the rapid dissemination of low - energy lifestyles among the general public , I conducted an online survey on two sustainability - oriented listservs in late 2009 of 2,005 of those who have made changes to their lifestyles in response to climate change , peak oil and other environmental threats .
What have these early adopters done in response to these threats ?
More than two - thirds of survey takers said they cut purchases , bought more local goods and services , conserved energy in their homes and put in a garden .
One - sixth have started new careers , such as a truck driver who became a permaculture teacher .
And these early adopters are reaching out to others .
Nine out of ten are helping others to make similar changes , mostly by talking to people and modeling sustainable behaviors .
Take the case of a 40 - year - old man from Pennsylvania , who helps his neighbors grow their own food .
“ Our goal is to produce an example of what suburbanites must do to survive the collapse of our current system , ” he wrote .
What were the hardest changes to make ?
Driving less and changing their diet , both a product of bad habits .
“ Not jumping into a car every time I turned around , ” was how one respondent , a 52 - year old man from rural Wisconsin , explained it .
What To Do ?
Other barriers to effective action were cost , especially financing expensive home retrofits and renewable energy systems , lack of support from one ’s family , especially when it comes to diet change , and lack of community and societal support , particularly when local food products and mass transit services were not available .
Understanding these barriers is critical — for if these exceptionally motivated individuals are held back , we can assume other people will have similar difficulties .
These findings may help us all to learn what to expect .
Lifestyle changes
The good news is that it has n’t been all hard times for these lifestyle leaders .
Many changes have made their lives better , like adopting a low - energy and local diet , gardening ( which was frequently described as “ fun ” ) and walking and bicycling more .
More than three - quarters of respondents reported greater happiness satisfaction or personal growth since embracing new ways of living .
Those lifestyle change leaders making the more significant reductions in fossil fuel use are pioneering a new way to live on this planet that everyone will eventually have to adopt to preserve climate stability and survive the end of the fossil fuel age .
Some survey findings that may help those working to accelerate awareness and action among the general public are :
People are driven to act in the face of global threats largely by a sense of right and wrong – their conscience – with some encouragement and inspiration from books , movies , media programs and articles .
Emphasizing the positive consequences of particular lifestyle changes , and focusing on health and wellness benefits and a simpler , more satisfying life may be more effective ways to encourage change than promoting financial savings .
The lack of support from one ’s community and family and lack of assistance with overcoming unhelpful personal habits and attitudes are more significant roadblocks to effective response than not having enough information on what actions to take .
Growing one ’s own food is a popular and transformative way to begin living a more sustainable lifestyle , and may lead to a new career opportunity and the development of more community support .
Most people do not feel they need to measure the impact of their lifestyle changes , but some think such feedback would motivate and assist them with doing more .
Setting goals , even without measurement , is extremely helpful .
Nine out of ten people plan to make additional changes , including starting or expanding a garden , installing a renewable energy system , or working with others in their local community to make broader , more systemic changes .
Instead of waiting for the results of the next climate change summit in Mexico , why not get to work as individuals and communities ?
Ultimately whether we meet carbon dioxide reduction targets or not comes down to what we do , or not do , as energy consumers .
As a 59 - year - old rural Kentucky man said in the survey , “ Though I do n’t have much faith that we as a nation , or world , are willing to make the needed changes , I believe we must work toward those changes ... The only true way to fail is to not try . ”
Megan Quinn Bachman did this survey as part of her course work for a master ’s degree in earth and environmental education at Wright State University in Fairborn , Ohio .
For a complete report on the survey ’s findings , email her at megan@ecowatch.org
Quick Look : Amped 3
Rest assured , very little snowboarding actually happens in this Quick Look .
Sit back and enjoy as the Giant Bomb team takes an unedited look at the latest video games .
Feb. 25 2010
Cast : Jeff , Ryan
Posted by : Drew
France 's Model Muslim ' Imam for Peace ' Sows Discontent
What happens when a Muslim cleric embraces the values of the West ?
In France , President Sarkozy is using the teachings of one imam for his own purposes .
Hassen Chalghoumi , who has backed calls for a burqa ban , now faces threats from his own community .
Von Ullrich Fichtner
Comment The Home Office has half - heartedly claimed victory in its effort to strong - arm Facebook into publishing a child protection " panic button " on its users ' profiles .
In fact , the government has been given an embarrassing lesson in rationality by the leading social network .
Following a meeting with Facebook 's regulation staff on Thursday , the Home Secretary Alan Johnson announced he had won a concession from the site that it had " no objection in principle " to adding the button .
Very quickly , however , it became clear Facebook had merely agreed to consider including a link to the CEOP in its user safety section .
There is already a CEOP link in Facebook 's help pages , so it 's unclear what practical measure the site might take , if any .
CEOP and Facebook will meet on 12 April to discuss potential details .
The important point is that any link or safety section would be a long way short of the panic button on millions of UK users ' profile pages demanded by CEOP 's chief executive , Jim Gamble .
His organisation wants to be the " central portal for helping keep children safe online " .
The former Northern Ireland police intelligence chief has been campaigning for a year for Facebook to fall in line with Bebo and MSN by widely publishing the " Click CEOP " button .
His public lobbying in the last two weeks had a tragic prompt , and Facebook 's refusal to bow to law enforcement , political and media barracking on such a sensitive issue has made compelling viewing .
Gamble took his campaign back to the airwaves immediately after 33 - year - old registered sex offender Peter Chapman was sentenced to a minimum of 35 years in jail for the rape and murder of Ashleigh Hall .
Facebook 's refusal to publish his button was " beyond logic " , he told Radio 4 's Today .
The Home Secretary quickly backed Gamble by saying he could see " no reason " for the site 's intransigence .
It was a continuation of a media campaign launched by CEOP in November , which was in turn an attempt to embarrass Facebook into action after private approaches were rejected .
Throughout the row , Facebook has maintained that its own reporting features for suspicious or abusive behaviour are effective .
The officially - sanctioned flare - up over Ashleigh Hall has been cynically emotional , and CEOP and the government have reacted to her appalling murder in a way that smacks of ghoulish self - interest .
CEOP panic button would have been no direct use to 17 - year - old Ashleigh Hall .
She did not suspect the motives of the teenage boy she thought she had met on Facebook .
She would not have contacted CEOP .
CEOP has argued that the button would have more subtle impacts on child saftey online , by acting as a " deterrent " to predators , but has not offered any evidence of this .
Despite the tenuous relevance of CEOP 's " panic button " Alan Johnson must have felt he had no political option but to join in the attack on Facebook .
That is if he stopped to consider it .
More prescient questions over police inaction in response to Peter Chapman 's failure to update the sex offenders ' register when he moved house were largely obscured by the storm - a politically convenient side - effect for Johnson .
The fact that Facebook has remained resolute in opposition to the panic button leaves him grasping to save face , but the press has moved on .
It 's telling that as politicians or law enforcement quangos attacked Facebook , the voice making most sense belonged to Ashleigh Hall 's grieving mother .
" Tell your kids to be careful on the internet , " she said after the sentencing .
" Do n't meet someone without telling your family where you are going .
Do n't trust anybody and do n't put your children on Facebook or other sites if they are under age . "
In the days that followed , however , Andrea Hall was drawn into the campaign to spread the panic button , arguing that social networks could " never do too much " to protect users .
It 's a statement that nobody could reasonably dispute .
What Facebook does dispute , and continued to dispute in robust discussion with Home Office officials last night at Privacy International 's 20th anniversary , is that a panic button would protect its users .
Some might argue such a highly - visible feature could send the wrong message to parents - that the web is a completely safe , monitored enviroment for children .
At any rate , there is no evidence CEOP 's button would do a better job than Facebook 's current safety features in the general case .
Meanwhile to imply it would have protected Ashleigh Hall , or would help the next naive young person that agrees to meet someone in the real world they only know online , is beyond logic . ®
It feels like just yesterday that we were dealing with a Tequila hangover and yet here we are again , a little dehydrated , definitely blurry eyed and completely nauseous .
Looks like Tila Tequila will be swallowing more than a worm .
According to RockConfidential and their insider source , Tequila has signed on to shoot her first porn movie .
We were a bit confused because did n’t she already have a porn ?
But it looks like it was a leaked sex tape , which means this porn will be different because it has better lighting and maybe a pizza boy .
There is no word yet as to the studio or name for the XXX movie , which otherwise would leave us a tad skeptical about the ‘ source ’ for this story but considering it ’s Tila Tequila we ’re only surprised that it took so long for a porn to happen .
The insider does go on to say that it will feature Tequila in a boy / girl , girl / girl and boy / girl / girl scene .
We ’ll just have to wait and see .
Until then , enjoy Tequila writhing around on a chair in her nude Playboy shoot .
Are you Sure you Want to be Your Own Boss ?
What is the # 1 thing that it seems that most entrepreneurs say they love about being self employed and also the # 1 thing that most aspiring entrepreneurs point to as being the best part about the “ job ” of being an entrepreneur ?
The fact that you get to be your own boss !
While this certainly sounds like a great thing are you really 100 % sure that you want to be your own boss ?
For me the answer is a resounding yes .
That being said , there are certainly some very important things to keep in mind before you jump out on your own and think that being your own boss is all rainbows , cotton candy , and lollipops .
As someone who has had many different bosses over the years while working for “ the man ” and as someone who has been their own boss for the last 6 years here are a few observations to consider .
The Pressure is All on You
If you love pressure then you will love being your own boss .
If you break out in a cold sweat just thinking about your company ’s current ratio tanking and potentially not being able to meet payroll , or pay the business credit card balance off , or having to not pay yourself a salary while your startup company is just getting off the ground then guess what ?
Many first time business owners find themselves in that scenario over and over until either their cash flow situation stabilizes or they go out of business .
When you are your own boss the pressure is all on you .
Some people love the pressure and some people get paralyzed under the weight of the pressure .
Being the boss is not for everyone .
No One Tells You What to Do
“ Yes !!!
No one is telling me what to do !
I am my own boss !
I can do whatever I want !
Yesss !!! ” ….
“ Wait … what am I supposed to do exactly and how am I supposed to do it ? ”
If you are someone who just simply works better when someone else lays out a clear plan of action for you with specific tasks to accomplish then you are probably not cut out for being the boss and especially not cut out for being your own boss .
Being your own boss means that you often have to make order out of disorder , deal with ambiguity , and make tough decisions on a daily basis .
If you are not a highly motivated person that is comfortable with attacking projects and tasks where there is a lot of uncertainty about how to accomplish the task then welcome to being your own boss and starting a company where you are often learning many new things as you go ( paying taxes , health insurance benefits , business licenses , etc. ) .
Yes , it is important to rely on trusted outside advisors and the more you learn then the more experienced you become but the fact remains that if you are unwilling to be self motivated and constantly learning then you may not be so thrilled with being your own boss as you maybe think you might .
You Have to Pick up the Slack , Jack
In the corporate world when things go wrong then you likely turn to your superior for guidance , assistance , and maybe even a little good old fashioned “ cover your rear ” precautionary “ if something goes wrong then it ’s not my fault ” evasive maneuvers that one sees so often in corporate America .
Well , if you are your own boss then there is certainly none of that because when things go wrong then the cleanup usually falls right at the big boss ’s feet ( Hint : If you are your own boss then that ’s you ) .
It ’s up to you and you alone and that can be either a good thing or a bad thing .
Your company may have great customer service and that is a good thing but when things go bad in a small business then it ’s usually the boss and not one of the underlings that has to make things right .
So – Do YOU Really Want to be Your Own Boss ?
I love being my own boss but it ’s certainly not for everyone as there are both pros and cons to being your own boss .
What about you ?
Do you want to be your own boss ?
Do you think that you are cut out for being your own boss ?
If you already are you own boss then what other pros and cons to being your own boss do you have ?
This was a guest post by Joel .
Joel is a CFP ® and serial entrepreneur that loves working for himself ( although he sometimes gets sick of how “ his boss ” makes him work such long hours ) .
He has been working lately on a website for comparing insurance providers and also a website for comparing car insurance companies .
ABOUT US
In 1988 The O'connors started Any and All Bikes and became a reckoning force in the cycling community .
Whether it 's Road , Mountain , Tandem , Recumbent , or the ever fateful Cruiser Any and All Bikes is the right bike shop for you .
Customers trust the expert and sincere staff at Any and All Bikes .
Customers can expect quality care with any and all of their bike needs .
Wow , the House ( great show , btw ) season finale was shot entirely on a Canon 5D Mark II .
You think that the HD video quality of dSLRs is challenging pro video and film gear yet ?
Advertisement
House director Greg Yaitanes announced the news on Twitter , then he preceded to take technical questions from the audience .
Apparently the 5D was a perfect fit for the " tight spaces " of the finale .
They used Canon prime lenses along with the 24 - 70 and 70 -200 zoom and , believe it or not , they did n't use an image stabilization rig of any sort for the non-tripod shots .
( I attempted that maneuver when filming my mom using the iPad with the 5D for our iPad review .
The footage was gorgeous , but much was just too jittery to use , even for jittery footage . )
Advertisement
Apple iPad Review
How and where you 'll use the iPad are of the essence .
Read more
The House finale airs May 17th if you 'd like to tune in .
Even if you do n't watch the show , it should be a great case study for photography geeks everywhere .
Plus , Hugh Laurie 's inevitable cracks about the size of Yaitanes ' " camera " are probably worth the price of admission alone .
[ Petapixel via PhilipBloom via Engadget ]
The Oval grind of 1938
Playing a
Test to the finish , however long that might take , seemed a good idea once upon a time .
But a 900 - plus total showed why that was n't the case
Via : 1948 : LEST WE FORGET .
Sixty eight years ago to this day ( 29 November 1947 ) , the UN committed an act which no other similar organisation , under any law , would be allowed to do then , or today .
Like a great legal world body ruling the world and throwing its weight around to achieve justice soon after the end of WW2 – and only 2 years and 2 month after this world body ( made up of 50 nations ) came officially into existence , it perhaps needed to show some muscle and that it can exercise power over an issue which had been created by the world Zionist bodies and their allies ; an issue so far away from the shores of New York where the UN stood , and where the Zionist lobbies practiced their tricks and used their power to twist arms and influence governments for the single most important of their objectives : the creation of the State of Israel on the land of another people .
So , the UN obliged them with UN Resolution 181 on the 29th November 1947 which resulted in splicing my country in half against my will and the will of my Palestinian brothers and sisters .
With that single most criminal act , it was planting the seeds for a conflict that has been raging ever since and which resulted in the ethnic cleansing of Palestine and the dispossession of 750,000 indigenous Palestinians .
Even before the so - called State of Israel was established in May 1948 , less than 6 months after that criminal act by the UN was committed , more than 500 Palestinian villages were destroyed , or literally erased from the Palestinian landscape .
This crime , christened by a body which has failed ever since to establish peace on this planet , was carried out by the same Zionist gangs whose ascendants have ruled this so - called State ever since 1948 .
The western nations pamper this so - called State , and defend its actions no matter how gruesome they have become and claim it to be the only democracy in the Middle East .
Slogans , peace processes , ‘ international agreements ’ and shuttle diplomacies , will never alter the single most important fact about Palestine :
Its land and its people are one ; its historic boundaries are sacrosanct ; its struggle for over 68 years will never be compromised by political manipulation and the just cause of our Nakba children will remain the hope and the light during their struggle to rid their land of the Zionist gangs .
All the so - called political dealings presumed to be aiming for a just solution , back then , and even today , will never achieve their objectives because their single core objective is the preservation of this colonial - settler Zionist State .
We have struggled for over 68 years – longer than any people in modern times ; we have withstood the most powerful assaults by the 4th largest military machine in the world ; we have remained resilient under the most criminal , inhumane and brutal occupation ( and that means the occupation of all of historic Palestine – not only the West Bank , east Jerusalem and Gaza ) ; if anyone needs proof that a just struggle is a winning one , take a look at the Palestinian people today .
Antoine Raffoul
Coordinator 1948 : LEST WE FORGET
A Pakistani doctor has been suspended for using an ambulance to carry home a cow he had bought at a local market , health authorities say .
The doctor had taken the ambulance from a rural health centre near the eastern city of Gujrat , in Punjab province .
He was intercepted by police while driving home from the cattle market .
A photo in the Sunday edition of Pakistan 's Dawn newspaper showed a large spotted cow tied with a rope to a bar in the back of an ambulance .
Muneer Ahmad , an official at the provincial health department , said he had been " shocked " by the doctor 's behaviour .
He said he had suspended the doctor on the request of the police and ordered an inquiry into the incident .
Metropolitan police report released after 30 years says Blair Peach was most likely killed by elite riot squad officer
The anti-fascist protester Blair Peach was almost certainly killed by police at a demonstration in 1979 , according to a secret report released today .
Documents published on the Metropolitan police 's website shed new light on the death of Peach , a 33 - year - old teacher from New Zealand , whose death marked one of the most controversial events in modern policing history .
A campaigner against the far right , Peach died from a blow to the head during a demonstration against the National Front in Southall , west London .
Sir Paul Stephenson , the Metropolitan police commissioner , said the report made " uncomfortable reading " but unequivocally accepted the finding that a Met officer was likely to be responsible for the death and expressed his " regret " .
Peach 's family have campaigned to see the crucial report for more than 30 years .
It said it could " reasonably be concluded that a police officer struck the fatal blow " .
A police van carrying six officers was identified as having been at the scene when the fatal blow was struck .
The 130 - page report was produced by Commander John Cass , who ran the Met 's internal complaints bureau and led the investigation into Peach 's death .
It reveals :
• Peach was almost certainly killed by an officer from its elite riot squad , known as the Special Patrol Group ( SPG ) .
A number of witnesses said they saw him being struck by a police officer , and the report found that " there is no evidence to show he received the injury to the side of his head in any other way " .
• Despite concluding Peach was killed by a police officer , Cass said there was insufficient evidence to charge any officer over the death , a decision echoed by the director of public prosecutions , to whom his report was delivered .
An inquest into the death later returned a verdict of death by misadventure .
• Suspicions centred on the SPG carrier U.11 , the first vehicle to arrive on Beechcroft Avenue , the street where Peach was found staggering around and concussed .
Cass said there was an " indication " that one officer in particular , who first emerged from the carrier but whose name has been redacted from the report , was responsible .
• The criminal investigation into Peach 's death was hampered by SPG officers , who Cass concluded had lied to him to cover up the actions of their colleagues .
He " strongly recommended " that three officers should be charged with conspiracy to pervert the course of justice , giving detailed evidence to show how they were engaged in a " deliberate attempt to conceal the presence of the carrier at the scene at that time " .
None were ever charged .
• From the outset , the Cass investigation appeared unlikely to find an officer guilty .
He defined Peach as a member of a " rebellious crowd " in his terms of reference , adding : " Without condoning the death I refer to Archbold 38th edition para 2528 : ' In case of riot or rebellious assembly the officers endeavouring to disperse the riot are justified in killing them at common law if the riot cannot otherwise be suppressed ' . "
Along with the Cass report , the Met has released more than 3,000 pages of supporting forensic science documents , witness statements , interviews with officers and legal analysis .
They include all the detailed evidence gathered by police in the weeks and months after Peach was killed .
The nature of his injuries led at least one pathologist to conclude Peach 's skull was crushed with an unauthorised weapon , such as a lead - weighted cosh or police radio .
It was already known that when Cass raided lockers at the SPG headquarters he uncovered a stash of unauthorised weapons , including illegal truncheons , knives , two crowbars , a whip , a 3ft wooden stave and a lead - weighted leather stick .
One officer was caught trying to hide a metal cosh , although it was not the weapon that killed Peach .
Another officer was found with a collection of Nazi regalia .
In his report , Cass said the arsenal of weapons caused him " grave concern " , but claimed there was insufficient evidence to prosecute the officers involved .
A total of 14 witnesses told investigators they saw " a police officer hit the deceased on the head " but , according to Cass , there were discrepancies in their evidence and most could not identify the officer .
The Met has resisted publishing any material relating to the death of Peach for almost 30 years .
That decision was reversed last year after an investigation by the Guardian into the parallels between events surrounding Peach 's death in April 1979 and the death of Ian Tomlinson , a 47 - year - old newspaper vendor who died during last year 's G20 protests in London .
Stephenson intervened to support the release of the report after Tomlinson 's death .
Today the commissioner said he was sorry officers had behaved in the way described by Cass .
" But I am particularly sorry that we have n't brought it to that definitive point where we can absolutely say what happened , why it happened , and what was the legitimacy or otherwise of that . "
He said that , 31 years on , the Met was a " completely different " force , citing what he said were rigorous inquiries following the death of Tomlinson at last year 's G20 protests .
Peach 's long - term partner , Celia Stubbs , said she was " relieved " to see the report after so long .
Along with relatives of Peach , and the officers named in the report , she first received the documents on Friday .
" This report totally vindicates what we have always believed – that Blair was killed by one of six officers from Unit 1 of the Special Patrol Group whose names have been in the public domain over all these years , " she said .
Her lawyer , Raju Bhatt , said he was still examining the documents , but his initial reading indicated Cass had tried but struggled to " undermine " evidence suggesting one of his officers killed Peach .
" What I read in this report is a senior investigating officer desperately trying to explain away this death , but despite himself , he is driven by the weight of the evidence to conclude that the death was caused by one of his officers , " he said .
Names of officers and witnesses are blanked out of the report , but their identities can easily be established from published material , including several unofficial reports into Peach 's death and transcripts from his inquest , where several officers gave evidence .
Bhatt said friends of Peach would gather outside Scotland Yard today , and read out the names of the six suspected officers inside the SPG carrier U.11 .
The names include five officers serving under Alan Murray , the SPG inspector in charge of the carrier .
Aged 29 at the time at the time of the death , Murray resigned from the Met in anger at what he believed was an unfair inquiry by Cass .
Last night Murray , who is now a lecturer in corporate social responsibility at Sheffield University , declined to comment on the Cass report , saying he had not been given time to digest its findings .
Deborah Coles , co-director of Inquest , an organisation that was set up in 1981 partly in response to Peach 's death and provides advice on contentious deaths , called on the Met commissioner to concede that the force was responsible for Peach 's death .
" The whole police investigation into what happened on 23 April 1979 was clearly designed as an exercise in managing the fallout from the events of that iconic day in Southall , to exonerate police violence in the face of legitimate public protest , " she said .
" The echoes of that exercise sound across the decades to the events of the G20 protest and the death of Ian Tomlinson in 2009 . "
Home > Mass Air Flow Meter
Mass Air Flow Meter
Mass Air Flow Meter
Looking for a mass air flow meter for your vehicle ?
You do n't need to look any further .
Carpartswarehouse.com has everything you 're looking for in a mass air flow sensor .
With a catalogue of auto parts that 's unrivaled in its selection and meticulous in its attention to detail , you can browse to find exactly the part you 're looking for .
Simply cross-reference with the year , make , and model , or contact us to if you 're unsure .
Our staff of parts experts is always standing by to assist you .
At Carpartswarehouse.com , we know your concerns when you 're shopping for a part for your vehicle .
We 've been in business since 1987 , and we 've operated the leading online retail outlet in the industry since 2001 .
We 've left a long trail of satisfied customers in our wake , and we 've done it by putting the customer first .
You 're looking for a mass air flow meter .
You need it to fit , you need it to work , and you need it at the best possible price .
You 're concerned about ordering something out of an online catalogue because you know you can't be sure it 's the right one .
That 's why we 're committed to guaranteeing your purchase at every stage .
We want it to be available , we want it to be the right one , and we want you to pay the lowest price on the market .
To begin with , our catalogue of parts is the most extensive you 'll find anywhere online .
You 'll see mass air flow meters of every make , model , and description , as well as any other part you need .
That 's what we 're here for .
And to help you make your selection , all our parts are carefully described with all the information you 'll need to make sure it 's right .
If you 're still unsure , that 's fine : we 're here to help .
Contact our parts experts , who have a long track record of delivering the kind of attention that has earned us one of the strongest reputations in the industry .
Unlike other companies , your call wo n't be routed to some service center in India or the Philippines .
When you call Carpartswarehouse.com , you 'll be talking to someone right here in the US .
In fact , in all the years we 've been in business , we have n't outsourced a single job .
We 're proud to be an American company .
It 's all part of our core mission to deliver the best possible experience to our customers .
We 'll help you find the right part , and we 'll make sure it's at the lowest price on the market .
We have industry - leading price points as well as frequent discounts on our products , but if you find the part you 're looking for selling for less elsewhere , we guarantee that we 'll match it .
But we do n't just want to take your money and send you the part .
We 're here for you after your purchase , too .
First things first , your part is covered by our Guaranteed Exact Fit policy .
That means that if there ends up being a compatibility issue , we 'll refund your money - every penny of it .
We 'll even pay the shipping costs associated with your return so that you can be confident you wo n't end up with something you can't use .
So you get your new mass air flow sensor at a great price - and it fits .
For us , that 's just the beginning .
Many companies offer a seven - day warranty ; some even offer thirty days .
At Carpartswarehouse.com , every part you see in our catalogue is guaranteed for at least a year , and often three or four .
If your mass air flow meter does n't perform as expected over the course of its lifespan , we will be here to refund every penny you spent .
We want your MAF meter to work , and we 're willing to back up your purchase at every stage to ensure that it does .
Start browsing our catalogue and we 'll guarantee you 'll find the air mass flow meter you 're looking for at the best possible price .
And once you do , do n't worry about add - on costs : we cover shipping on all orders over $ 99 within the US .
At Carpartswarehouse.com , you can always find what you need - and feel confident that you 're getting a great deal .
That 's what we 're here for .
Here is a look at the Kaikidan Ekotoba , a mysterious handscroll that profiles 33 legendary monsters and human oddities , mostly from the Kyushu region of Japan ( with several from overseas ) .
The cartoonish document , whose author is unknown , is believed to date from the mid-19th century .
It is now in the possession of the Fukuoka City Museum .
White monster / Bird - dog hybrid [+]
The black creature on the right was born by a dog that mated with a bird in the city of Fukuoka in the early 1740s .
Next to the bird - dog hybrid is an amorphous white monster -- also encountered in Fukuoka -- which is said to have measured about 180 centimeters ( 6 ft ) across .
People at the time believed this creature was a raccoon dog that had shape - shifted .
* * * * *
Old woman at the temple [+]
This illustration depicts a ghostly old woman known to appear late at night in a certain guest room at a temple in the Kaho area of Fukuoka prefecture .
On multiple occasions , terrified lodgers ended up fatally wounding themselves after trying to strike her with a sword .
* * * * *
Russian fireball [+]
During heavy winds , this Russian hitodama ( a fiery apparition composed of spirits of the recently departed ) could be heard to say , " Oroshiya , oroshiya " ( " Let me down " ) .
There is some speculation that the author dreamed up the creature based on a play on words , as " oroshiya " sounds like the old Japanese pronunciation of " Russia . "
* * * * *
Tiger meow - meow [+]
This illustration depicts a Zenshu priest who was transformed by greed into a strange feline creature with three toes on each paw and the forked tail of a nekomata .
* * * * *
Toad from the sea near Pusan [+]
The illustration shows a fearsome horned toad said to inhabit the sea near Pusan , Korea .
* * * * *
Chinese sneezer [+]
This creature resembles a half - naked , cold - ridden Chinese man and is thought to be a caricature of China , which had fallen prey to Western colonial powers .
* * * * *
Man with oversized testicles [+]
Long ago , a man with massive testicles reportedly made a living as a sideshow attraction at Mt. Satta , on the old Tokaido Road near the city of Shizuoka .
His scrotum is said to have measured about a meter across .
* * * * *
Wild woman [+]
The " wild woman " shown here appears to be an aquatic humanoid with scaly skin , webbed hands and feet ( each with three fingers and toes ) , long black hair , and a large red mouth .
People claim to have encountered the creature in the 1750s in mountain streams in the Asakura area of Fukuoka prefecture .
* * * * *
Ox woman [+ ]
The " ox woman " pictured here was sideshow attraction at Dazaifu Tenmangu shrine ( Fukuoka prefecture ) in the mid-18th century .
The armless lady entertained audiences by using her peculiar feet to run string through the center holes of coins .
* * * * *
Man with snakes in his legs [+]
The illustration shows a middle - aged traveling monk from Nagano prefecture who would bathe in hot springs without removing his leggings .
If anyone asked him why he did not fully undress before entering the water , he would show them the holes in his shins , which contained snakes .
The man was born with snakes in his legs as punishment for misdeeds in a previous life .
* * * * *
Bizarre creature at Kanezaki Inlet [+]
Many Edo-period scrolls featured illustrations of unfamiliar creatures -- animals that actually existed but were rarely seen in Japan ( such as fur seals and sea lions ) , along with creatures generally regarded as imaginary ( mermaids and kappa ) .
This illustration shows a 3 - meter - long seal that was captured in the early 19th century at Kanezaki Inlet .
* * * * *
Giant red fish [+]
This illustration depicts a giant red fish encountered by a shark fisherman in northern Japan .
The head of the angry fish is said to have measured about 2 meters across .
* * * * *
Tiger meow - meow [+]
Much like the money - hungry priest described above , the people shown here have been transformed by greed into bizarre cat creatures .
* * * * *
Ezo wolf [+ ]
This illustration shows an Ezo Wolf ( a.k.a. Hokkaido Wolf ) , which is believed to have gone extinct in the late 19th century ( after this illustration was made ) .
The animal is seen here with its paw on a human skull .
* * * * *
Korean monk [+ ]
The " Korean monk " in this illustration , seen singing and playing a gekkin ( moon guitar ) , has the physical characteristics of a kappa ( water imp ) .
* * * * *
Lantern man [+ ]
In the early decades of the 18th century , a man with a malleable head made a living as a popular sideshow attraction .
It is said that he could collapse his head like a traditional paper lantern .
* * * * *
Ghost of woman with child [+]
This illustration shows the ghost of a woman from the Asakura area of Fukuoka prefecture , who died during a difficult childbirth .
* * * * *
Nekomata [+ ]
The nekomata is a cat monster with a forked tail and a taste for human flesh .
The creature 's powers include the ability to talk , walk on hind legs , shape - shift , fly , and even resurrect the dead .
The nekomata pictured here was encountered in the Nasuno area of Tochigi prefecture .
* * * * *
Kawataro [+ ]
The kawataro is a variety of kappa ( water imp ) which , according to the accompanying text , likes to eat people and practice sumo .
An indentation on top of the creature 's head is filled with water .
The kawataro becomes weak when the water spills out .
* * * * *
Monster hole [+]
This illustration shows a monster cave believed to exist deep in the mountains of Kumamoto prefecture .
At first glance , it looks like an ordinary cave .
But as you approach the entrance , the eyes and teeth become visible .
* * * * *
Snake woman [+]
The snake woman pictured here was reportedly encountered by six people on Mt. Mikasa in Nara prefecture .
Five of the eyewitnesses died instantly .
The sixth person survived long enough to make it home and tell the tale , but he grew ill and died three days later .
The snake - bodied woman resembles the notorious nure - onna , except that this one has a beautiful face .
* * * * *
Rokurokubi [+]
This rokurokubi -- a woman with the ability to stretch her neck to extraordinary lengths -- is said to have been encountered by a messenger one night near Ninna - ji temple in Kyoto .
* * * * *
Mikoshi-nyudo [+]
The mikoshi-nyudo pictured here was encountered by a peasant on the road late one night in the Naka area of Fukuoka prefecture .
* * * * *
Unknown [+ ]
Although no explanation is given for this creature , it seems to resemble the notorious gagoze , a demon who attacked young priests at Gango - ji temple .
[ Note : This is the latest in a series of weekly posts on Japanese urban legends . ]
synergies to take the deal forward , " but some analysts are suggesting that Palm 's weakened financials may have actually scared HTC away .
Some say that Palm could fetch as much as $ 1.3 billion , and it 's safe to say that Lenovo has that kind of cash laying around .
That said , would Lenovo spend such a large sum to break into a market that they have n't taken very seriously in the past ?
No one saw Dell taking on the smartphone sector just five years ago , and now they 're playing with the big boys .
Anything could happen , we suppose , but it looks like the Palm buyer pool is getting a bit shallow at this point .
Earlier in the month , it was being widely reported that Palm was being shopped around .
Yes , the Palm that makes the rather successful Pre and Pixi phones , was or is up for sale .
At that time , two of main potential suitors were HTC and Lenovo .
HTC obviously felt like the best fit .
Lately , HTC has shown that it has a penchant for creating fantastic hardware , but it has to rely on Google and Microsoft for software .
It seemed as if buying Palm would give HTC the power they needed to move ahead as a standalone unit , pairing HTC hardware with the WebOS mobile operating system .
But apparently , that 's not to be , and if you 've got a few billion laying around , you might as well jump in and get to bidding .
Based on a new report out of Asia this morning , HTC has declined to place an official bid on Palm , leaving Lenovo as the only other potential buyer from the far east .
Of course , there may be other companies looking to buy Palm that are keeping their profile low , but with such a big spotlight on this issue , we sort of doubt the ability to keep this completely out of the public eye for very long .
A source familiar with the matter stated that HTC backed away after realizing that there simply were n't enough "
WHAT ’S THE WORD ?!?
Our blog is dedicated to providing the public with quality music from the independent music community , and to inform people of the broad majority of musicians world - wide with amazing sound , style , inspiration , and overall message .
If you would like to have any track removed please email us – info@musicwithoutlabels.com
Here is a pet market …
In cages are partridges , they are bought for beautiful singing , wood pigeons are bought to be eaten .
At one of the stumps some guys were standing and laughing – there an eagle was being tortured …
The owner shows the wingspread and offers to buy a bird for 50 dollars .
Near is another bird .
The bird is very weak , it is thrown on the asphalt and kicked .
Suddenly one of the vendors takes out a stuffed fox and starts tormenting the bird for laughter of the crowd .
Do n’t want it to be tormented ?
Buy it !
The owner agreed to set it free for 20 dollars .
One eagle was saved , but more than ten birds were still suffering in the market .
The eagle is being unleashed .
The vendor promises if it does n’t fly , he ’ll give money back …
And the eagle flew but rather unwell … hardly had it flown to the nearest hill when children chased it .
Hopefully it could survive and was not caught by knackers .
via zyalt http://zyalt.livejournal.com/240284.html
WASHINGTON -- Hunched over , head bowed , his stick resting across his knees , Alex Ovechkin skated alone down the ice , stung by yet another Game 7 loss by his Washington Capitals .
At the other end of the rink stood Montreal Canadiens goalie Jaroslav Halak , his arms raised in triumph , his teammates pounding him on the helmet , on the back , everywhere .
With Halak making 41 saves in his latest spectacular , acrobatic performance and his teammates combining to block a whopping 41 shots , eighth - seeded Montreal held on to beat Washington 2 - 1 on Wednesday night , stunning the Presidents '
Trophy winners by reeling off three consecutive victories to take the first - round series .
" I 'm in shock right now .
I do n't know what to say , " Ovechkin said , his voice low , his eyes staring at the floor of the locker room .
" It was great going up 3 - 1 in the series .
But it 's only one step .
We did n't do it . "
The NHL's two - time MVP has played in four career playoff series , and each went to a Game 7 .
Ovechkin and the Capitals are 1 - 3 in those deciding contests .
The Canadiens are the ninth No. 8 team to knock off a No. 1 in 32 matchups since the NHL went to its current playoff format in 1994 -- and the first to come back from a 3 - 1 series deficit .
" Before the series started , no one gave us a chance to win , not even one game , " said Halak , who stopped 131 of Washington 's 134 shots in Games 5 - 7 .
" We proved [ to ] them they were wrong . "
Montreal defenseman Marc - Andre Bergeron scored a four - on - three goal in the last 30 seconds of the opening period after Norris Trophy finalist Mike Green was sent off for crosschecking .
Dominic Moore made it 2 - 0 with 3 ½ minutes left , stealing the puck from Green before beating goalie Semyon Varlamov .
Brooks Laich cut Washington 's deficit with 2:16 to go , and the Capitals then got one last power play a half - minute later but could n't connect .
It was a fitting end to the series : Washington 's league - leading power play -- which converted 25 percent of its chances in the regular season -- went 1 - for - 33 against Montreal .
" Our best penalty - killer was our goaltender , " Canadiens coach Jacques Martin said .
Halak and Montreal now take on Sidney Crosby and the defending Stanley Cup champion Penguins in the second round , with Game 1 at Pittsburgh on Friday .
" If that goalie can play the same way as he played the last three games , " Capitals coach Bruce Boudreau said , " anything can happen . "
The fourth - seeded Penguins were the only higher - seeded team to win a first - round series in the Eastern Conference .
Yes , that 's right :
All three division champions in the East are done already -- Washington , New Jersey and Buffalo .
All in all , this series represents a monumental collapse by Washington , which earned a third straight Southeast Division title , compiled the league 's best record for the first time and led the NHL in goals .
This is also a club that preceded each home game against Montreal with a video display that included an image of the Stanley Cup and the words " NOTHING ELSE MATTERS , " while the Metallica song of that name blared .
" I thought we had a good chance to win the Stanley Cup this year , " Boudreau said , " and I would have bet my house that they would n't have beaten us three games in a row and we would have only scored three goals in almost 140 shots . "
Consider , too , that the Canadiens allowed more goals than they scored this season , finished with 33 fewer standings points than the Capitals and qualified for the playoffs on the final weekend .
But Halak was on their side .
He was yanked during Game 3 in favor of Carey Price , who also started Game 4 .
But Martin went back to Halak for Game 5 -- a switch that worked out rather well .
Halak made 37 saves in a 2 - 1 win in Game 5 , 53 saves in a masterpiece of a 4 - 1 victory in Game 6 and then produced more of the same Wednesday .
All against a Capitals club that was held to one or zero goals only three times in its first 86 games this season , including the playoffs .
" We 're all kind of speechless right now , " Capitals forward Matt Bradley said .
" We have no one to blame but ourselves . "
There was a moment -- ever so fleeting -- where the Capitals and their red-clad , towel - waving fans thought they had tied the game at 1 - 1 .
Only 24 seconds into the third period , Ovechkin put the puck past Halak on a shot from the left circle , but the goal was immediately waved off by an official because Washington forward Mike Knuble was in the crease , backing into Halak .
" It 's a pretty tough one to take , " Boudreau said after watching replays .
" I do n't know how they could make the call . "
Later in the third period , Montreal 's Maxim Lapierre slammed into Varlamov in the crease , forcing the goalie and the puck into the net .
There was no goal -- and , to Washington 's frustration , no penalty , either .
Nothing , though , was as frustrating to Ovechkin & Co. as being unable to solve Halak over the final 180 minutes of a series the Capitals figured they should have won .
" I imagine it 's tough for them .
They had their eyes set on bigger things , I 'm sure , " said Montreal defenseman Hal Gill , credited with six of his club 's blocked shots .
" I think they thought we were kind of a bump in the road .
That 's hockey , that 's playoffs .
I think we played better as a team then they did . "
The Company
MicroProcessor Engineering specialises in Real - Time and Embedded systems .
We design tools for the complete development cycle including hardware , software and firmware .
These products operate on desktops and a wide range of embedded targets .
Over the years , we have provided solutions to companies as diverse as NASA , Europay , local charities , small businesses , Ministry of Defence , major supermarket chains and tech giants .
MPE was founded in 1981 as a hardware company making single board computers .
The requirements of fast development , portability and real - time led us into high level languages .
With our background in machinery control , telemetry and systems software , we selected Forth as our software tool of first choice .
Forth Compiler Products
Using our proven VFX compiler technology development , MPE offers Forth development systems that produce code as fast as that for any other language – but with all the benefits of an interactive development cycle and traditional Forth implementations .
Find out more About Forth
A customer says : VFX has been the most solid and cleanly designed Forth I´ve used in years ( probably ever actually )
Current embedded developments are usually based around ARM / Cortex CPUs .
These are supported by our Forth cross compilers , PowerNet TCP / IP stack and multi- threaded servers , USB stack , FAT file system and PowerView GUI .
Consultancy
MPE consultancy services stem from both hardware and software , and keep us in tune with the requirements of users , so helping us to improve our products .
Projects range from small embedded systems to supporting a Windows project with over 1,200,000 lines of Forth source code .
We use our software products every day .
Training
New users of the interactive Forth development environment often want to learn it quickly and efficiently and to understand the advantages our tools provide .
Different training courses are provided – either standard or tailored to your specific needs .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Two Chinese singers have become the first people in the country to fall foul of new rules banning lip- synching nearly two years after widespread criticism of miming at the Beijing Olympics ’ opening ceremony .
The two young female singers were spotted lip - synching during a concert in southwestern China ’s Chengdu city last year , the official Xinhua news agency said on its website ( www.xinhuanet.com).
“ No signals were received from their microphones while the show was on , ” it quoted an official with the local government ’s cultural affairs office as saying .
The two have been fined 50,000 yuan ( $ 7,329 ) each , Xinhua added .
China ’s feisty internet users frequently blame famous singers of short - selling their fans by lip - synching on stage .
But some have also wondered why these first fines were leveled against two almost unknown singers rather than more famous stars .
“ Why do they choose to keep their eyes closed when it ’s a famous singer miming ? ” one commentator wrote on the website of the Beijing Daily .
Lip -synching , known as “ fake singing ” in Chinese , burst into the open during 2008 ’s Beijing Olympics .
China ’s Olympic organizers were lambasted by Internet users and in the media after they admitted a nine - year - old girl lip - synched during the opening ceremony , in place of the real singer who was rejected because of her appearance .
The Culture Ministry then issued an edict formally banning lip-synching and threatened to revoke the performance licenses of repeat offenders .
Why change to 4096 - byte sectors ?
If you ’re familiar with disk structure , you know that disks are broken down into sectors , which are normally 512 bytes in size ; all read or write operations occur in multiples of the sector size .
When you look closer , hard disks actually include a great deal of extra data in between sectors .
These extra bytes are used by the disk ’s firmware to detect and correct errors within each sector .
As hard disks grow larger , the result is that more and more data must be stored on each square centimeter of disk , resulting in more low - level errors , thus straining the firmware ’s error correction capabilities .
One way around this problem is to increase the sector size from 512 bytes to a larger value , enabling more powerful error - correction algorithms to be used .
These algorithms can use less data on a per - byte basis to correct for more serious problems than is possible with 512 - byte sectors .
Thus , changing to a larger sector size has two practical benefits : improved reliability and greater disk capacity — at least in theory .
The real - world benefits to end users are n’t likely to be obvious in the same way that an increased monitor size or improved central processing unit ( CPU ) speed are obvious .
However , the reduction in space devoted to parity may result in quicker introduction of larger disks or better disk reliability .
Unfortunately , assumptions about a 512 - byte sector size lurk throughout the software chain , in tools like the basic input / output system ( BIOS ) , boot loaders , operating system kernels , file system code , and disk utilities .
Although a change to a 4096 - byte sector size has been brewing for a decade or so , some tools still are n’t ready .
Microsoft ® Windows ® XP is often cited as trouble - prone , but even in the Linux world , some problems are only now being corrected .
To help with the transition , the first disks with 4096 - byte sectors translate each physical sector into eight logical sectors of 512 bytes .
To the BIOS , the operating system , and all disk utilities , the disk appears to have 512 - byte sectors , even though the underlying physical sector size is 4096 bytes .
Western Digital , the first manufacturer to release such disks , uses the term Advanced Format to refer to disks with 4096 - byte physical sectors and software translation to 512 - byte logical sectors .
This article uses the same term for both Western Digital ’s disks and future disks using similar technology from other manufacturers .
Why are there performance effects ?
Unfortunately , changing the apparent sector size in firmware can degrade performance .
To understand why , you should understand something about file system data structures and how partitions are placed on the hard disk .
Most modern file systems use data structures that are 4096 bytes or larger in size .
Thus , most disk I /O operations are in multiples of this amount .
Consider what happens when Linux wants to read or write one of these data structures on a new disk with 4096 - byte sectors .
If the file system data structures happen to align perfectly with the underlying physical partition size , a read or write of a 4096 - byte data structure results in a read or write of a single sector .
The hard disk ’s firmware does n’t need to do anything extraordinary ; but when the file system data structures do not align perfectly with the underlying physical sectors , a read or write operation must access two physical sectors .
For a read operation , this takes little or no extra time because the read / write head on the disk most likely passes over both sectors in succession , and the firmware can simply discard the data it does n’t need .
Writes of misaligned data structures , on the other hand , require the disk ’s firmware to first read two sectors , modify portions of both sectors , and then write two sectors .
This operation takes longer than when the 4096 bytes occupy a single sector .
Thus , performance is degraded .
How can you tell if your data structures are properly aligned ?
Most file systems align their data structures to the beginning of the partitions that contain them .
Thus , if a partition begins on a 4096 - byte ( 8 - sector ) boundary , it ’s properly aligned .
Unfortunately , until recently , most Linux partitioning tools did not create partitions aligned in this way .
The upcoming section , Aligning partitions , describes how to do the job with common Linux partitioning software .
Benchmark results
You might wonder just how important proper partition alignment is .
To answer this question , a 1TB Western Digital WD - 10EARS Advanced Format drive was used with both aligned and unaligned partitions and several Linux file systems .
The disk was partitioned using the globally unique identifier ( GUID ) Partition Table ( GPT ) system , with the aligned partitions beginning at logical sector 40 and the unaligned partitions beginning at logical sector 34 ( the first available sector when using a GPT disk with its default partition table size ) .
File systems tested were ext3fs , ext4fs , ReiserFS ( version 3 ) , JFS , XFS , and Btrfs .
The computer ran a 64 - bit 2.6.32.3 Linux kernel .
A script performed a series of disk I/O operations , including creating a fresh file system , extracting an uncompressed Linux kernel tarball to the test drive , copying the tarball to the drive , reading the just - uncompressed files on the test drive , reading the tarball from the drive , and removing the Linux kernel directory .
The source Linux kernel tarball was stored on another disk , and for read tests , output was directed to / dev/null .
After each write test , the test disk was unmounted as a way to ensure that no operations remained in Linux ’s disk cache .
Figures reported include the time required to perform the unmount operation .
The kernel tarball was 365 MB in size — far larger than the disk ’s 64MB cache .
Each test sequence was run six times for each file system , three times on properly aligned and three times on improperly aligned partitions .
Between - run variability was small .
The average unaligned time was divided by the average aligned time to determine how much of a performance hit improper alignment imposed .
A value above 1.00 indicates some performance penalty for improper alignment .
Many of the tests produced modest impairment .
The values for file system creation ranged from 0.96 ( for XFS ) to 7.94 ( for ReiserFS ) , with a mean value of 2.79 .
Because file system creation is normally done only rarely , this impairment is not that important .
The read tests produced ratios ranging from 0.95 to 1.25 , indicating no more than a 25 % speed penalty , as detailed in Figure 1 .
A value of 1.00 means no penalty ; higher values mean worse performance .
Figure 1 . Read performance penalty for using unaligned partitions
Large - file write performance also suffered only modest impairment .
These values ranged from 1.10 ( for XFS and JFS ) to 6.02 ( for ReiserFS ) , with a mean of 2.10 .
Much of that elevation is attributable to ReiserFS ’s sensitivity .
Removing it produces a mean of 1.31 for the remaining five file systems .
File deletion effects were similar , ranging from 1.04 ( for XFS ) to 4.78 ( for JFS ) , with a mean of 1.97 .
Removing JFS as an outlier produces a mean of 1.40 .
The biggest write performance effects occurred with small file creation ( extracting the kernel tarball ) .
Effects on tarball extraction ranged from 1.04 ( for ext4fs ) to 25.53 ( for ReiserFS ) , with a mean of 10.9 .
The second - best performer in this test was XFS , with a figure of 1.82 .
Because these figures are ratios of unaligned to aligned performance , a value of 10.9 means that a tarball extraction that takes 10 seconds on a properly aligned partition takes 109 seconds on an improperly aligned partition — a huge difference !
The XFS figure of 1.82 means that this 10 - second operation takes 18.2 seconds on an improperly aligned partition .
Figure 2 summarizes these write performance impairments across all file systems .
As before , a value of 1.00 means no penalty ; higher values mean worse performance .
Figure 2 .
Write performance penalty for using unaligned partitions
Note that these tests do not reflect overall performance across file systems .
You should not conclude , for instance , that ReiserFS is a poor performer because it produced some of the largest performance differences .
ReiserFS is , however , more sensitive than most others to improper alignment .
In addition to running tests on file systems in partitions , a spot check was done on file systems in an LVM configuration , with the LVM partition being either properly or improperly aligned .
These results were similar to those of the raw partition results .
What does all this mean , as a practical matter ?
You should begin by determining the physical sector size of your disk .
If you find that you ’ve got an Advanced Format drive , you should align your partitions properly .
Determining physical sector size
In theory , the Linux kernel should return information on the physical sector size in the /sys / block / sdX / queue / physical_block_size pseudo - file and on the logical sector size in the /sys / block / sdX / queue / logical_block_size pseudo - file , where sdX is your device ’s node name ( normally sda , sdb , and so on ) .
In practice , however , the physical block size information is spurious , at least for the first generation of Western Digital Advanced Format drives .
Unfortunately , this means that disk utilities cannot properly detect the presence of such disks .
As a practical matter , then , you must look up your drive ’s specifications on the manufacturer ’s Web site or in other ways .
The / sys / block / sdX / device / model pseudo - file holds the device ’s model number , so you can look there and then check with the manufacturer .
With the current first generation of Advanced Format drives , Western Digital has placed stickers on the drives advertising the fact that they are Advanced Format drives .
Unfortunately , these stickers imply that only Windows XP has problems with these drives .
As the above benchmark results reveal , Linux users must exercise extreme caution with these drives .
Aligning RAID partitions Redundant array of independent disks ( RAID ) levels 5 and 6 have alignment issues similar to those of Advanced Format drives , but the causes relate to the size of data stripes used to create the array , typically 16 KB to 256KB .
When using RAID arrays , you should align partitions on multiples of the stripe size .
The default alignment on 2048 sectors ( 1024 KB ) that is emerging as a new standard works well with all common RAID stripe sizes .
Published test results indicate a performance penalty of about 5 - 30 % for improper alignment , which is much less than the penalty for improperly aligning an Advanced Format drive .
When creating a RAID array from Advanced Format disks , you do n’t need to take any extra steps .
Because the RAID alignment values are multiples of the 4096 - byte alignment required by Advanced Format drives , both technologies ’ needs are met if you align partitions as for a RAID array of disks with 512 - byte physical sectors .
The current Western Digital drives include a jumper you can set for Windows XP compatibility .
This jumper has the effect of shifting the sector numbering by 1 , thus placing a partition that the computer identifies as beginning on sector 63 ( for cylinder alignment ) on the true logical sector 64 .
This is a quick - and - dirty fix to the problem of sector alignment for the common situation in Windows of using a single partition that spans the entire drive .
Unfortunately , if you create multiple partitions , anything other than the first will probably be misaligned .
Therefore , you should almost certainly not use this jumper ; instead , use your Linux partitioning software to create properly aligned partitions .
Three families of Master Boot Record ( MBR ) and GPT partitioning tools are available for Linux , and each offers its own methods of aligning partitions .
If you have an Advanced Format drive , your best option is to run the latest Linux partitioning software available .
Tip :
If you want to dual - boot between Linux and an older operating system that requires cylinder alignment , try aligning the starts of all your partitions on multiples of eight cylinders .
This translates to 8 - sector alignment for optimum disk performance as well as cylinder alignment for the older operating system .
fdisk family
The fdisk family , which ships as part of the util - linux - ng package on most distributions , enables fairly direct editing of MBR data structures , but it cannot create or modify file systems .
Through util - linux - ng 2.17 , fdisk does not offer any direct support for 8 - sector alignment of partitions .
Through at least version 2.17.2 ( the most recent as I write ) , the default alignment remains cylinder - based .
You can , however , align partitions properly with any version of fdisk .
To do this , you should change the default units from cylinders to sectors by typing u at the main menu .
You can then enter start sector values that are multiples of 8 .
In principle , you can start the first partition with a sector number as low as 8 for proper alignment ; however , it ’s best to start the first partition at 64 or higher to leave room for boot loader code in the unallocated space between the MBR and the first partition .
Microsoft ’s partitioning tools for Windows Vista and Windows 7 begin the first partition at sector 2048 , so that ’s a safe place to start it from a cross - platform point of view .
In fact , beginning with util - linux - ng 2.17.1 , this is the default when you disable DOS compatibility mode by typing c at the main menu .
I recommend doing so .
Note , however , that fdisk does n’t align subsequent partitions automatically .
Proper alignment is likely to follow if you specify partition size in units of megabytes or larger and then accept the default value for subsequent partitions , but this is n’t guaranteed .
For safety , you should verify that every partition begins on a multiple of 8 .
Another approach with fdisk is to launch it as fdisk - H 224 - S 56 / dev/sda , which changes the cylinder / head / sector ( CHS ) geometry to guarantee proper 4096 - byte alignment when the program aligns to cylinders , as it does by default .
libparted library
The libparted library powers many Linux partitioning tools that support file system manipulation .
Through version 2.1 , the text - mode GNU Parted program ( command name parted ) provides little support for aligning on anything but cylinder boundaries .
The best approach may be to type unit s to change the default unit to sectors .
You can then manually enter partition start points in sectors and verify partition start points precisely .
Version 2.2 has begun a transition toward a policy that ’s more useful for disks with 4096 - byte physical sectors .
With this version , you can specify a starting value of 1 M and the sector will be properly aligned .
This version also warns you when your partitions are not properly aligned .
Using the GUI GParted program , you should be sure to clear the “ Round to cylinders ” check box in the Create New Partition dialog box , shown in Figure 3 .
You must set the partition ’s start sector relative to the previous partition ’s end , but if you begin with a properly aligned partition , this should all work out .
You can bring up a partition ’s Information dialog box to learn what its start and end sectors are in absolute terms .
Figure 3 . Clear the “ Round to cylinders ” check box ( here shown selected , which is its default state ) when using GParted
GPT fdisk utilities
The GPT fdisk utilities are useful only with GPT disks .
Versions prior to 0.5.2 do n’t perform any alignment , although you can align partitions manually by specifying appropriate start sector numbers .
Versions 0.5.2 and 0.6.0 through 0.6.5 adjust the start sectors of all partitions to an 8 - sector boundary for large disks ( those over about 800 GB ) , but not for smaller disks .
Version 0.6.6 introduces a Windows - style 2048 - sector ( 1MB ) alignment for all unpartitioned disks and attempts to infer the alignment used in the past on disks with existing partitions .
With versions 0.5.2 and later , you can manually adjust the alignment value via the l option on the experts ’ menu .
This option takes a number of sectors as an option .
Set it to 8 or a multiple of that amount for proper alignment with Advanced Format disks .
The verify option ( v on any menu ) reports any partitions that are not properly aligned based on the current alignment value .
Looking forward
At present , only a handful of Advanced Format hard drive models are available .
Press reports indicate that this technology will be spreading to more drives from all the major manufacturers in 2010 and beyond .
It ’s conceivable that new models will suffer other performance problems that differ from those with the first generation of Advanced Format drives .
Ultimately , manufacturers may abandon the fiction of 512 - byte sectors , or they may provide jumpers to enable users to choose whether or not to use this compatibility feature .
If you encounter a drive with 4096 - byte sectors but with an option to use the true sector size , you may want to use it ; however , you should be aware of some caveats .
As noted earlier , software from the BIOS up may contain assumptions about a hard disk ’s sector size .
If the BIOS contains such an assumption , it ’s likely that your computer wo n’t boot from a disk that has 4096 - byte sectors and lacks firmware translation to 512 - byte sectors .
As of version 2.2 , GNU Parted displays a warning that support for disks with sectors of other than 512 bytes is experimental when it is launched on such disks .
Other problems may lurk in software that may be important to you .
Using the latest software may help you work around problems , as may using a conventional disk as the boot disk , restricting your new - technology disk to use as a data disk ( / dev/sdb or higher ) .
Overall , caution is in order when dealing with exotic new disks .
That said , chances are that the dust will settle on the current style of Advanced Format disk , as well as other new drive types , relatively quickly .
Mexican President Felipe Calderon says his government " cannot and will not remain indifferent " in the face of Arizona 's new immigration enforcement law , which he says violates human rights .
But Mexico itself has " incredibly restrictive " immigration laws , experts told FoxNews.com .
When Arizona 's law goes into effect this summer , law enforcement officers in the state will be required to verify the immigration status of individuals they suspect are in the country illegally .
President Obama and Attorney General Eric
Holder quickly criticized the law despite its popularity in Arizona , and a referendum drive and a lawsuit have emerged as potential roadblocks to it .
But Calderon 's objection has riled some immigration policy experts , who called his take on the measure misguided given Mexico 's policies on unauthorized residents , particularly how the country deals with illegal entry and foreign ownership of property .
" It shows more than anything else that Mexico 's restrictive immigration policies have kept that country poor and in conflict for years , " said Alex Nowrasteh , an immigration policy analyst for the Competitive Enterprise Institute , a Washington - based conservative think tank .
" The United States should not try to emulate that . "
Before last year , when Mexican immigration law was amended , the penalties for entering Mexico illegally ranged from fines to imprisonment for up to two years , followed by deportation .
The law now allows for fines up to 5700 pesos ( roughly $ 470 ) , and a $ 400 fine for overstaying on a visa .
And the U.S. State Department warns Americans to exercise " extreme caution " prior to investing in property in Mexico , due to substantially different real estate practices and laws .
The Mexican Constitution bans direct ownership by foreigners of real estate within 10 kilometers -- or 6.2 miles -- of any border and within 50 kilometers ( 31 miles ) of any coastline .
" In order to permit foreign investment in these areas , the Mexican government has created a trust mechanism in which a bank has title to the property but a trust beneficiary enjoys the benefits of ownership , " the State Department profile on Mexico reads .
" However , U.S. citizens are vulnerable to title challenges that may result in years of litigation and possible eviction . "
Nowrasteh said those policies hurt Mexico financially and contribute to a system that is not designed to accommodate foreigners .
" Restrictive ownership of property by foreigners restricts foreign investment , " he said .
" It restricts the movement of entrepreneurs and laborers to Mexico who make the country wealthier .
Any person around the world should be able to own property and invest in any economy around the world .
It 's to everyone 's benefit . "
Syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin said Mexico's immigration laws are " far more draconian " than those in the United States , adding that Mexican authorities can " exercise any discretion " regarding deportations .
" So it 's particularly ironic to see them complaining about America when we allow open borders activists and illegal aliens to march on the streets demanding that we give them more than they certainly do in Mexico , " said Malkin , who is a Fox News contributor .
Andrew Selee , director of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington , agreed that Calderon 's statements regarding Arizona 's law are seemingly incongruous given immigration policies in his own country .
" The Mexican government is certainly within its rights to defend its citizens abroad , but they should also remind them of the need to substantially improve immigration laws in Mexico , " Selee said .
" We would expect the Mexican government to want to protect their citizens living in the United States , but this is a highly public issue .
It should certainly also bring about some reflection on how immigration law is applied in Mexico . "
Dan Griswold , director of the Center for Trade Policy Studies at the Cato Institute , a libertarian think tank , disagreed , saying Calderon has a right to speak his mind about Arizona 's new law .
" The Mexican president has a right to complain about laws he thinks work against Mexican citizens in the United States , " he said .
" And the Arizona law does raise legitimate questions about discrimination . "
Griswold continued , " The Mexican president is an important voice in this discussion .
They 're an important neighbor , an important trading partner and we have mutual interests . "
Front page photo by Ruvan Wijesooriya
As anyone who saw them during their Sound of Silver tour can tell you , the LCD Soundsystem live show is a uber - tight dance - a- thon that must not be missed .
And now several North American cities will get the chance to act foolish along with James Murphy and his gang this spring .
The band 's full itinerary -- which includes a date at this year 's Pitchfork Music Festival -- is below .
The new LCD album , This Is Happening , is out May 18 in the U.S. on DFA / Virgin and May 17 in the UK on DFA / Parlophone .
LCD also posted a preview of the video for first single " Drunk Girls " over the weekend ; watch that below .
" Drunk Girls " preview :
LCD Soundsystem :
04 -16 Indio , CA - Coachella
04 -20 Dublin , Ireland - Tripod *
04 -21 Dublin , Ireland - Tripod *
04 - 23 London , England - Brixton Academy *
04 - 24 London , England - Brixton Academy *
04 -26 Birmingham , England - Academy *
04 - 27 Leeds , England - Academy *
04 - 28 Glasgow , Scotland - Barrowlands *
04 - 29 Glasgow , Scotland - Barrowlands *
05-01 Manchester , England - Academy
05-02 Bristol , England - Academy *
05 -04 Amsterdam , Netherlands - Paradiso *
05-05 Brussels , Belgium - Ancienne Belgique *
05-06 Berlin , Germany - WMF *
05-07 Luxembourg , Luxembourg - Den Atelier
05-08 Paris , France - Bataclan *
05-09 Paris , France - Bataclan *
05 - 20 New York , NY - Terminal 5
05 - 21 New York , NY - Terminal 5
05 - 24 Montreal , Quebec - Metropolis
05 - 25 Toronto , Ontario - Koolhaus
05 - 26 Chicago , IL - Metro
05 - 29 Portland , OR - Roseland
05 -30 George , WA - Sasquatch Festival
05 -31 Vancouver , British Columbia - Malkin Bowl
06-03 San Francisco , CA - Fillmore
06-08 Austin , TV - Stubb's
06-09 Dallas , TX - Palladium
06 - 11 Manchester , TN - Bonnaroo Festival
06 - 17 La Coru単a , Spain - Sonar
06 -18 Barcelona , Spain - Sonar
06 -19 Neuhausen ob Eck , Germany - Southside Festival
06 - 20 Scheessel , Germany - Hurricane Festival
06 - 22 Zagreb , Croatia - InMusic Festival
06 - 24 Ferrara , Italy - Bands Apart Festival
06 -25 St. Gallen , Switzerland - Open Air Festival
07-01 Roskilde , Denmark - Roskilde Festival
07-03 London , England - Wireless Festival
07-08 Novi Sad , Serbia - Exit Festival
07 -10 Lisbon , Portugal - Alive Festival
07-15 - 16 Mariaville , NY - Camp Bisco
07 - 17 Chicago , IL - Pitchfork Music Festival
08 - 12 Oslo , Norway - Oya Festival
08 - 13 Gotenberg , Sweden - Way Out West Festival
09 - 12 Isle of Wight , England - Bestival
Shadowsinthenyte is a community member who loves to craft .
She has an Etsy store filled with crafted goodness containing items such as Super Mario Mushrooms , Pokeballs and various hats .
Her latest creation is a videogame themed scarf that is too good not to share .
Shadow crafted this awesome Yoshi scarf which has Yoshi's tongue wrapping around the wearers neck .
It 's amazingly cute and a little scary all at the same time .
The scarf is 72 inches long and Shadow has three of them on sale for $ 45.00 over on her Etsy .
You better act fast if you want to grab these as I 'm sure they 'll be getting snatched up pretty fast .
Check out the DestructoidArtisan 's group while you 're at it for more custom made crafts by Dtoid community members .
Yoshi Scarf [ shadowsinthenyte's Community Blog ]
Click to open photo gallery :
Opera and Trusting Applications vs Trusting Servers
The Opera -Mini Dispute
I have just read an interesting article about the Opera browser [ 1 ] .
The article is very critical of Opera - Mini on the iPhone for many reasons – most of which do n’t interest me greatly .
There are lots of technical trade - offs that you can make when designing an application for a constrained environment ( EG a phone with low resolution and low bandwidth ) .
What does interest me is the criticism of the Opera Mini browser for proxying all Internet access ( including HTTPS ) through their own servers , this has been getting some traction around the Internet .
Now it is obvious that if you have one server sitting on the net that proxies connections to lots of banks then there will be potential for abuse .
What apparently is n’t obvious to as many people is the fact that you have to trust the application .
Causes of Software Security Problems
When people think about computer security they usually think about worms and viruses that exploit existing bugs in software and about Trojan horse software that the user has to be tricked into running .
These are both significant problems .
But another problem is that of malicious software releases .
I think that this is significantly different from Trojan horses because instead of having an application which was written for the sole purpose of tricking people ( as is most similar to Greek history ) you have an application that was written by many people who genuinely want to make a good product but you have a single person or small group that hijacks it .
Rumor has it that rates well in excess of $ 10,000 are sometimes paid for previously unknown security vulnerabilities in widely used software .
It seems likely that a programmer who was in a desperate financial situation could bolster their salary by deliberately putting bugs in software and then selling the exploits , this would not be a trivial task ( making such bugs appear to be genuine mistakes would take some skill ) – but there are lots of people who could do it and plausibly deny any accusation other than carelessness .
There have been many examples of gambling addicts who have done more foolish things to fund their habit .
I do n’t think it ’s plausible to believe that every security flaw which has been discovered in widely used software was there purely as the result of a mistake .
Given the huge number of programmers who have the skill needed to deliberately introduce a security flaw into the source of a program and conceal it from their colleagues I think it ’s quite likely that someone has done so and attempted to profit from it .
Note that even if it could be proven that it was impossible to profit from creating a security flaw in a program that would not be sufficient to prove that it never happened .
There is plenty of evidence of people committing crimes in the mistaken belief that it would be profitable for them .
Should We Trust a Proprietary Application or an Internet Server ?
I agree with the people who do n’t like the Opera proxy idea , I would rather run a web browser on my phone that directly accesses the Internet .
But I do n’t think that the web browser that is built in to my current smart - phone is particularly secure .
It seems usual for a PC to need a security update for the base OS or the web browser at least once a year while mobile phones have a standard service life of two years without any updates .
I suspect that there is a lot of flawed code running on smart phones that never get updated .
It seems to me that the risks with Opera are the single point of failure of the proxy server in addition to the issues of code quality while the risks with the browser that is on my smart - phone is just the quality of the code .
I suspect that Opera may do a better job of updating their software to fix security issues so this may mitigate the risk from using their proxy .
At the moment China is producing a significant portion of the world ’s smart - phones .
Some brands like LG are designed and manufactured in China , others are manufactured in China for marketing / engineering companies based in Europe and the US .
A casual browse of information regarding Falun Gong makes the character of the Chinese leadership quite clear [ 2 ] , I think that everything that comes out of China should be considered to be less trustworthy than equivalent products from Europe and the US .
So I think that anyone who owns a Chinese mobile phone and rails against the Opera Mini has n’t considered the issue enough .
I do n’t think it ’s possible to prove that an Opera Mini with it ’s proxy is more or less of a risk than a Chinese smart - phone .
I ’m quite happy with my LG Viewty [ 3 ] – but I would n’t use it for Internet banking or checking my main email account .
Also we have to keep in mind that mobile phones are really owned by telephone companies .
You might pay for your phone or even get it “ unlocked ” so you can run it on a different network , but you wo n’t get the custom menus of your telco removed .
Most phones are designed to meet the needs of telcos not users and I doubt that secure Internet banking is a priority for a telco .
Update :
You can buy unlocked mobile phones .
But AFAIK the Android is the only phone which might be described as not being designed for the needs of the telcos over the needs of the users .
So while you can get a phone without custom menus for a telco , you probably ca n’t get a phone that was specifically designed for what you want to do .
The Scope of the Problem
Mobile phones are not the extent of the problem , I think that anyone who buys a PC from a Chinese manufacturer and does n’t immediately wipe the hard drive and do a fresh OS install is taking an unreasonable risk .
The same thing goes for anyone who buys a PC from a store where it ’s handled by low wage employees , I can imagine someone on a minimum income accepting a cash payment to run some special software on every PC before it goes out the door – that would n’t be any more difficult or risky than the employees who copy customer credit card numbers ( a reasonably common crime ) .
It ’s also quite conceivable that any major commercial software company could have a rogue employee who is deliberately introducing bugs into it ’s software .
That includes Apple .
If the iPhone OS was compromised before it shipped then the issue of browser security would n’t matter much .
I agree that having the minimum possible number of potential security weak points is a good idea .
They should allow Opera Mini users to select that HTTPS traffic should not be proxied .
But I do n’t think that merely not using a proxy would create a safe platform for Internet banking .
In terms of mobile phones most things are done in the wrong way to try and get more money out of the users .
Choose whichever phone or browser you want and it will probably still be a huge security risk .
Harald Welte is doing some really good work on developing free software for running a GSM network [ 4 ] .
But until that project gets to the stage of being widely usable I think that we just have to accept a certain level of security risk when using mobile phones .
BANGALORE ( Reuters ) - Jennifer Austin Leigh , a 51 - year - old psychologist from New York , is planning a big party with her favorite music -- the Beatles and Prince , among others .
Regional funeral parlour employees place the lid on a coffin as they finish funeral preparations in Pessac , southwestern France in this September 18 , 2009 file photo .
As Baby Boomers choose unique ways to bid their final goodbyes , the funeral industry is set to see increased demand for pre-arranged funeral services and a flurry of consolidation activity in the coming years .
REUTERS / Regis Duvignau
However , it ’s not for some birthday or anniversary , but rather for her own funeral -- an event she hopes is far in the future .
“ I want a really big celebration .
I do n’t want a traditional church service with people sitting around , looking at the casket and sobbing , ” Leigh said .
She has already set aside money for her last rites and plans to approach a funeral operator soon .
“ It ’s important to take that burden ( arranging the funeral ) off your children , ” she added .
As Baby Boomers like Leigh choose unique ways to bid their final goodbyes , the funeral industry is set to see increased demand for pre-arranged funeral services and a flurry of consolidation activity in the coming years .
Pre-arranged funeral service contracts , which suffered in the recession , are expected to pick up as America ’s 76 - million - strong Baby Boom generation heads into retirement -- good news for funeral service companies like Service Corp International and Stewart Enterprises Inc .
“ Baby Boomers have seen a lot of their wealth wiped out ( in the recession ) .
The inclination will be to think , uh oh , I ’d better think of what ’s down the road and what ’s going to happen to me , ” said Ann Bastianelli , chief executive of Anthology Consulting , which specializes in marketing consulting .
Also , according to Vanderlyn Pine , professor emeritus of sociology at the State University of New York at New Paltz , many who arrange funerals for older relatives and friends these days are Boomers , who are driving changes in funeral customs .
Bill McQueen , president of the Cremation Association of North America ( CANA ) , said these non-traditional funerals will take a lot of planning , including arranging for caterers and audio - video equipment .
These are things the financially stronger public players such as Service Corp , Stewart Enterprises and Carriage Services
Inc are better equipped to handle than small funeral homes .
SPURRING CONSOLIDATION
As smaller players fail to cope with the fall in revenue during the recession and either close or cash out , the public companies are expected to pick up market share .
The funeral industry has also seen cremations -- cheaper and more convenient than burials -- rise to make up about 35 percent of all funerals , leading to a drop in funeral revenues .
“ As cremation rates become a higher part of the mix , the mom and pop operators will find it hard to generate sufficient revenues , ” CANA ’s McQueen said .
“ Within the next 10 years , you will likely see the number of funeral homes fall by 20 percent . ”
Also , the variety of services and new amenities demanded by Boomers -- the post World War Two generation born between 1946 and 1964 -- will precipitate consolidation , said McQueen , who owns the Anderson - McQueen Funeral Home in Florida .
“ The smaller operators may not have the resources to meet the level of demand by Baby Boomers , ” McQueen said .
“ I see the pickup in demand going to the public companies and the big private firms . ”
Chuck Gallagher , a 52 - year - old resident of Raleigh , North Carolina , is a case in point .
Pre-planning funerals for himself and his wife , Gallagher said his demands for a more celebratory funeral service were resisted by at least two independent funeral homes , who suggested he opt for a more traditional service .
The Gallaghers finally went with Montlawn Memorial Park , Funerals and Cremations , owned by Stewart Enterprises , for their funerals , plans for which now include video footage of their lives and a mix tape of their favorite music .
UNTAPPED POTENTIAL
One of the biggest waves of the retiring Boomers , who make up a fourth of the U.S. population , is likely to crest between 2010 and 2014 .
The fragmented funeral industry -- private companies and mom and pop firms account for 80 percent of the market -- should see a big spike in the years ahead as the number of deaths in the United States is projected to rise to 2.7 million in 2015 and to 3.1 million in 2025 , from 2.4 million now , according to CANA .
Wisco Research analyst Vimal Nair said the opportunity offered by Baby Boomers was not priced into the shares of industry leader Service Corp , which currently trades at around $ 6.50 .
“ We have a price target of $ 10 , and once we start getting a clearer picture of the Baby Boomer trends , we think the stock price is going to go even higher , because right now the market has overlooked ( that ) future potential , ” Nair said .
Guest post by Steven Goddard
Scientific American recently reported on the dodgy concept that climate change causes volcanoes , when in fact it is quite the opposite .
Wikipedia :
An early 19th - century illustration of Krakatoa
In 1883 , Krakatoa produced massive amounts of ash during an eruption estimated to the equivalent of 200 megatons – or 13 times larger than the Hydrogen Bomb detonated at Bikini Island .
Average global temperatures dropped by about 1.2 °C during the following year as a result of ash blocking the sun .
It has been hypothesized by a volcanologist at Los Alamos , that the Dark Ages were triggered by agricultural collapse following the 535 AD eruption of Krakatoa .
Modern history has its origins in the tumultuous 6th and 7th centuries .
During this period agricultural failures and the emergence of the plague contributed to : ( 1 ) the demise of ancient super cities , old Persia , Indonesian civilizations , the Nasca culture of South America , and southern Arabian civilizations ; ( 2 ) the schism of the Roman Empire with the conception of many nation states and the re-birth of a united China ; and ( 3 ) the origin and spread of Islam while Arian Christianity disappeared .
In his book , Catastrophe An Investigation into the Origins of the Modern World , author David Keys explores history and archaeology to link all of these human upheavals to climate destabilization brought on by a natural catastrophe , with strong evidence from tree - ring and ice - core data that it occurred in 535 AD .
With no supporting evidence for an impact - related event , I worked with Keys to narrow down the possibilities for a volcanic eruption that could affect both hemispheres and bring about several decades of disrupted climate patterns , most notably colder and drier weather in Europe and Asia , where descriptions of months with diminished sun light , persistent cold , and anomalous summer snow falls are recorded in 6th - century written accounts .
Writings from China and Indonesia describe rare atmospheric phenomena that possibly point to a volcano in the Indonesian arc .
Although radiocarbon dating of eruptions in that part of the world are spotty , there is strong bathymetric and volcanic evidence that Krakatau might have experienced a huge caldera eruption .
Accordingly , I encouraged a scientific expedition to be led by Haraldur Sigurdsson to the area .
The expedition found a thick pyroclastic deposit , bracketed by appropriate radiometric dates , that suggests such a caldera collapse of a Proto - Krakatau did occur perhaps in the 6th century .
Bathymetry indicates a caldera some 40 to 60 km in diameter that , with collapse below sea level , could have formed the Sunda Straits , separating Java from Sumatra , as suggested by ancient Javanese historical writings .
Such a caldera collapse likely involved eruption of several hundred cubic kilometers of pyroclastic debris , several times larger than the 1815 eruption of Tambora .
This hypothetical eruption likely involved magma - seawater interaction , as past eruptions of Krakatau document , but on a tremendous scale .
Computer simulations of the eruption indicate that the interaction could have produced a plume from 25 to >50 km high , carrying from 50 to 100 km3 of vaporized seawater into the atmosphere .
Although most of the vapor condenses and falls out from low altitudes , still large quantities are lofted into the stratosphere , forming ice clouds with super fine ( < 10 micrometer ) hydrovolcanic ash .
Discussions with global climate modelers at Los Alamos National Laboratory led me to preliminary calculations that such a plume of ash and ice crystals could form a significant cloud layer over much of the northern and southern hemispheres .
Orders of magnitude larger than previously studied volcanic plumes , its dissipation and impact upon global albedo , the tropopause height , and stratospheric ozone are unknown but certainly within possibilities for climate destabilization lasting years or perhaps several decades .
If this volcanic hypothesis is correct , the global , domino - like effects upon epidemics , agriculture , politics , economics , and religion are far - reaching , elevating the potential role of volcanism as a major climate control , and demonstrating the intimate link between human affairs and nature .
More recent volcanic events which lowered global temperatures , were the 1991 eruption of Mount Pinatubo and the 1983 eruption of El Chichón .
http://www.woodfortrees.org/graph/uah/from:1978/plot/rss/from:1978
A 2002 study reported in Science demonstrated that feedback from water vapor in the atmosphere was largely responsible for the 1984 cooling .
Global Cooling After the Eruption of Mount Pinatubo : A Test of Climate Feedback by Water Vapor
Brian J. Soden,1* Richard T. Wetherald , 1 Georgiy L. Stenchikov , 2 Alan Robock2
The sensitivity of Earth ’s climate to an external radiative forcing depends critically on the response of water vapor .
We use the global cooling and drying of the atmosphere that was observed after the eruption of Mount Pinatubo to test model predictions of the climate feedback from water vapor .
Here , we first highlight the success of the model in reproducing the observed drying after the volcanic eruption .
Then , by comparing model simulations with and without water vapor feedback , we demonstrate the importance of the atmospheric drying in amplifying the temperature change and show that , without the strong positive feedback from water vapor , the model is unable to reproduce the observed cooling .
These results provide quantitative evidence of the reliability of water vapor feedback in current climate models , which is crucial to their use for global warming projections .
The 1815 eruption of Mt. Tambora ( the largest eruption in modern history ) led to the Year Without a Summer in 1816 .
Mount Tambora – Wikipedia
The explosion is estimated to have been at scale 7 on the Volcanic Explosivity Index . [ 17 ]
It had roughly four times the energy of the 1883 Krakatoa eruption .
An estimated 160 cubic kilometers ( 38 cubic miles ) of pyroclastic trachyandesite was ejected , weighing approximately 1.4×1014 kg ( see above ) .
This has left a caldera measuring 6 – 7 km ( 3.7 –4.3 mi ) across and 600 –700 m ( 2,000 – 2,300 ft ) deep .
[ 2 ]
The density of fallen ash in Makassar was 636 kg /m² . [ 18 ]
Before the explosion , Mount Tambora was approximately 4,300 metres ( 14,100 ft ) high , [ 2 ] one of the tallest peaks in the Indonesian archipelago .
After the explosion , it now measures only 2,851 metres ( 9,354 ft ) . [ 19 ]
The 1815 Tambora eruption is the largest observed eruption in recorded history ( see Table I , for comparison ) . [ 2] [ 4 ]
The explosion was heard 2,600 kilometres ( 1,600 mi ) away , and ash fell at least 1,300 kilometres ( 810 mi ) away .
[ 2 ]
Pitch darkness was observed as far away as 600 kilometres ( 370 mi ) from the mountain summit for up to two days .
Pyroclastic flows spread at least 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) from the summit .
Mt. St Helens erupted 30 years ago next month .
Like the Icelandic volcanoes , it was covered with thick ice and snow .
Mt. St. Helens prior to the eruption : Britannica Image
Meltwater from the ice and snow contacted the rising magma , leading to a huge amount of steam pressure and a massive explosion on May 18 following the collapse of the north flank .
I was involved in some experimental research around that time , which demonstrated that the amount of ash and the explosivity of volcanoes is primarily dependent on the amount of water which comes in contact with the magma underground .
It can be concluded that the glaciers in Iceland are contributing to the ash , not the other way around – and that volcanoes cause climate change , not the other way around .
Brian J. Soden,1* Richard T. Wetherald , 1 Georgiy L. Stenchikov , 2 Alan Robock2
The sensitivity of Earth ’s climate to an external radiative forcing depends critically on the response of water vapor .
We use the global cooling and drying of the atmosphere that was observed after the eruption of Mount Pinatubo to test model predictions of the climate feedback from water vapor .
Here , we first highlight the success of the model in reproducing the observed drying after the volcanic eruption .
Then , by comparing model simulations with and without water vapor feedback , we demonstrate the importance of the atmospheric drying in amplifying the temperature change and show that , without the strong positive feedback from water vapor , the model is unable to reproduce the observed cooling .
These results provide quantitative evidence of the reliability of water vapor feedback in current climate models , which is crucial to their use for global warming projections .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
I got a call yesterday morning from John Dannerbeck , CEO of Anchor Brewery , who let me know the details about the sale of Anchor and also conferenced in Keith Greggor , the CEO of the Griffin Group , the entity that ’s entered into an agreement to buy the brewery .
Since he ’s essentially a neighbor , we met up for lunch at a bar in downtown Novato to talk .
We met about Noon , and shared a BrewDog Dogma , their 7.8 % beer brewed with Scottish heather honey , poppy , kola nut and guarana .
Greggor himself was laid back , dressed casually and had kept his British accent nearly intact , despite living in the states for over 25 years , having become a U.S. citizen nearly ten years ago .
Greggor , I learned , was born in Bournemouth , on the southern coast of England .
When he was nine , he moved to Singapore and began dreaming of one day living in San Francisco .
That would take another thirty years to come true , as he returned to the UK for college and then joined IDV ( International Distillers & Vintners ) in London in 1983 .
IDV eventually became part of Diageo , owners of Guinness , among much else .
In 1985 , Greggor moved to New Jersey , where he took a job with one of IDV ’s US companies , the Paddington Corporation .
There he met Tony Foglio , originally from Brooklyn , and the pair worked together at Paddington until 1998 , when they left as Diageo became less fun and assumed more of a corporate culture .
They took over management of Skyy Vodka and increased the company tenfold , before completing a long process whereby the Campari Group acquired an ever larger stake in Skyy , eventually taking over control of the company in 2007 .
Greggor formed the Griffin Group the same year , and Foglio joined him last year .
In October of 2008 , the Griffin Group bought Preiss Imports , an importer of mostly spirits in southern California .
They do carry two beer brands , and that ’s how I knew Henry Preiss , who called on me when I was with BevMo about their Australian beer , Cooper’s .
The other brand they recently undertook is BrewDog .
The first week after acquiring Preiss , Greggor met James Watt from BrewDog and the pair hit it off , with Watt coming to Greggor for business advice .
When it came time for BrewDog to expand in June of last year , the Griffin Group became a minority investor in the Scottish brewery .
According to Greggor , about nine months ago they began talking to Fritz Maytag about an idea they had for a “ Center of Excellence ” in San Francisco which he describes as an “ epicenter of development , education , entertainment and innovation , all designed to further contribute to the culture and heritage of craft beer and artisan spirits . ”
Given the disproportionate attention paid to wine in northern California , I ’d certainly love to see something focused on beer and spirits in the region , too .
So they kept talking to Fritz off and on , he checked them out , and they kept talking .
Eventually , they reached an agreement whereby Maytag would sell the brewery and distilling operations to them , and the deal is expected to close at the end of June .
The current employees will all remain and nothing much should change around the brewery at all .
John Dannerbeck , current president , will continue in that role , reporting to Greggor after the close .
Foglio will then become chairman , and Maytag will remain involved as chairman emeritus .
The only changes will likely be in marketing .
Additional sales people will be hired and will represent the Anchor , BrewDog and Cooper ’s brands .
Greggor sees lots of opportunities to grow the brand , and that ’s really he and Foglio ’s specialty .
While no new brands are planned , they are open to that possibility but are adamant about not messing with the current lineup .
If anything came through loud and clear , it ’s that they ’re nearly as passionate as Fritz about protecting the Anchor brand .
And that makes sense , frankly , as their careers have been devoted to building up brand names .
Greggor told me he plans on doing a lot of listening , finding out how things work and why .
There ’s a lot to learn , he said , and I think fans can rest assured that the brand will be in good hands that have no intention of messing about with it .
Tony Foglio , Fritz Maytag and Keith Greggor in the Anchor Brewhouse .
The only foreseeable changes are things like their recent announcement that Humming Ale , previously available only on draft , will be bottled this summer .
There ’s also a possibility that Martin Dickie , BrewDog ’s brewmaster , may brew some of his beers at the Anchor Brewhouse , but that probably wo n’t happen for a while .
I finally got around to finding out about the way in which the news came out on Monday , and it turns out it was as much of a surprise to both Anchor and the Griffin Group as everyone else .
Apparently what happened was an embargoed press release was given to a few mainstream media outlets .
An embargoed press release is common practice for certain types of events .
In effect , news outlets get the news early under strict orders not to release the information until a specific date in the future .
In this case , the news of Anchor ’s sale should not have been announced until the next day .
It ’s done for things like presidential speeches , where a copy of the speech itself is given to the press early so they can begin writing it up in advance .
The same thing was done here , but the writer assigned to the story accidentally leaked it .
Although a 30 - year veteran of reporting , he apparently had little knowledge of the beer industry and reached out to both Beer Advocate and DRAFT for a comment on the story , sending them the embargoed press release in the process .
They both promptly posted it .
Frankly , I would have probably done the same thing with news that big .
Maytag was in the air when it broke , on his way to a micro- distillers ’ conference .
At first I thought the employees had not yet been told , but I ’ve since learned they did find out from him prior to his trip .
But once the news leaked early , nobody was sure what to do , and so they decided to not respond until the next day , when they could figure out how to respond , which left everybody wondering and my phone ringing off the hook .
And that ’s why I got an e-mail from John Dannerbeck first thing Tuesday morning and talked to him on the phone a little later .
They had hoped to manage the news a bit better , but everything went haywire when the news came out the way it did .
I ’m also told that someone at a news outlet somewhere had some heavy explaining and apologizing to do .
My colleague , Brent Ainsworth , a reporter at the Marin IJ — and fellow Novato neighbor — spoke with Greggor right after we had lunch yesterday , and his interview , Novato man , new co-owner of Anchor Brewing , reflects on deal and beer industry , is up on the IJ ’s website .
Keith Greggor outside Finnegan ’s yesterday in downtown Novato .
UPDATE 4.29 : Don Russell talked to Fritz Maytag by phone today , and has a Q&A posted on his Beer Radar that has some more insights into the impetus to sell .
A new report from Tel Aviv highlights growing class inequality in Israel , and the issue is getting national attention there .
Over the past nine years , and especially in 2009 , employers ’ share of Israel ’s national income has grown , while workers ’ share has dropped , says the report , issued by the Adva Center on April 29 .
“ The blunt of the global financial crisis of 2008 - 2009 hit employees , not employers , ” the social - justice - oriented Israeli research center said .
Most significantly , in 2009 , the salaries of directors - general ( CEOs ) in companies listed on the Israeli Stock Exchange rose by approximately 9 percent , while employee wages declined by about 3 percent .
The jump in CEO compensation is striking “ in view of the fact that it occurred in the midst of a world financial crisis , ” the report notes .
Apparently this is kicking up a fuss in Israel .
On Wednesday , Knesset Finance Committee chairman Moshe Gafni said excessive salaries paid to banking and corporate executives are widening the gaps in Israeli society , the Jerusalem Post reported .
“ Eli Yones , the CEO of Bank Mizrahi - Tefahot , earns NIS 1.5 million [ about $ 403,000 ] a month , ” Gafni said .
“ What planet does he live on ?
I ’m not envious of people and their salaries .
But if a whole community could be supported with a monthly salary of one person , and the cleaning staff of the same bank Yones manages earn minimum wage , it widens and deepens gaps in our society . ”
“ Bank Mizrahi - Tefahot is an example of how we are destroying our society with our own hands , ” Gafni said .
Gafni is a member of the ultra - orthodox party Degel HaTorah .
Momi Dahan , of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem ’s School of Public Policy and a researcher at the Israel Democracy Institute , told the Jerusalem Post , “ The Israeli experience is similar to the U.S. or the UK , where over the past three decades senior managements ’ salaries have increased out of proportion to widening inequalities in the economy and society . ”
A bill has been introduced in the Knesset to limit executive pay , and the government has established a commission to look into the issue .
Others advocate raising tax rates on top incomes .
The Adva Center report says that between 2000 and 2009 , Israel ’s national income grew by 30 percent .
But the employees ’ portion grew by only 17 percent , while the employers ’ chunk grew by 59 percent .
The shift in income from employees to employers meant that Israeli workers lost out on average by more than $ 3,400 a year .
In the same period , worker productivity grew while hourly pay declined , and this disparity sharpened in 2009 .
Another report by the Adva Center , released April 1 , documents growing class , ethnic and religious inequality and separation in Israel ’s education system .
Titled “ Separation , Inequality and Faltering Leadership – Education in Israel , ” this report links the increase in education inequality to the erosion of public financing , increasing privatization and weakening of teacher unions .
Photo : Israeli Arab and Jewish excavation workers protest against exploitation by a company that is a subcontractor for the Israeli Antiquities Authority , in Jaffa , Israel , June 16 , 2009 .
The banners , in Arabic , Hebrew , Russian and Amhary languages , are held by workers who speak these languages .
( WAC Maan , photographer Jonathan Ben Efrat http://www.flickr.com/photos/dblackadder/ / CC BY - SA 2.0 )
The UK 's libel laws , which place the burden of proof onto those who have published inflammatory statements , have had a chilling effect on journalism in that nation , and have led to a closet industry in " libel tourism . "
As such , there have been repeated efforts to reform the laws , often led by professional organizations of writers and journalists .
A 2008 case , however , brought a new community into the fight : science communicators , drawn in when the British Chiropractic Association sued a journalist for calling some of its medical claims " bogus . "
Although the legal fight has continued , the journalist in question , Simon Singh , has now been forced to quit his job at The Guardian in order to defend himself .
Many of our readers who follow science news carefully are probably already aware of Singh 's plight , but we 've not covered it at Ars previously , so a recap seems in order .
Singh , who was working on a book on alternative medicine , took a look at some of the claims promoted by BCA members , which suggest that chiropractic treatments are effective for diseases for which there is no apparent spinal involvement , like asthma .
In an article The Guardian has since removed from its website , Singh wrote :
The British Chiropractic Association claims that their members can help treat children with colic , sleeping and feeding problems , frequent ear infections , asthma and prolonged crying , even though there is not a jot of evidence .
This organisation is the respectable face of the chiropractic profession and yet it happily promotes bogus treatments .
That was enough to trigger a libel suit from the BCA .
Instead of targeting The Guardian , which has substantial legal resources , however , the BCA went after Singh .
In May of last year , the judge in the case issued a preliminary ruling that laid out the requirements for Singh 's defense : because of his use of the term " bogus , " he would have to demonstrate that the BCA was knowingly and dishonestly promoting quackery , a very difficult standard to meet .
Figuring he had little chance of succeeding , Singh has chosen to appeal that initial ruling .
The appeal is currently in progress , but Singh has found that he has spent most of his time organizing his defense , and little time pursuing his actual career as a science writer .
As a result , he has now resigned his position with The Guardian .
Singh 's troubles may not be going well for him personally , but they 've had an interesting impact on public debate in the UK at a time when the Parliament is conducting an inquiry into public payments for a truly bogus " treatment " — homeopathy .
For starters , the public outcry caused the BCA to support its claim that there is " substantial evidence " in favor of chiropractic treatments for childhood conditions .
The BMJ ( British Medical Journal ) quickly responded with an evaluation of the chiropractor 's claims .
Of the 19 studies cited , four did n't even address chiropracty , and only seven involved actual clinical trials .
Most of the remainder failed to find any significant effects ; the BCA also ignored more substantial studies with negative findings .
Meanwhile , Singh 's supporters have apparently turned the tables on the chiropractors .
A blogger apparently noticed that the UK's Advertising Standards Authority has issued standards for what could and could not be claimed in advertisements for chiropractic services .
In a case of crowdsourcing at its finest , interested parties compared BCA members ' ads and websites to the rules , and filed complaints against a full quarter of the chiropractors in Britain .
Meanwhile , the UK's Sense About Science , a charitable trust that focuses on providing the public with accurate , evidence - based information , has joined existing writers ' groups to attempt to reform the UK 's libel laws .
In the end , the public good may ultimately be served by what appears to have been a series of bad decisions .
It 's unfortunate that Singh 's writing career may have been sacrificed for this to happen .
The slow food movement has taken off over the last two years .
You 've probably noticed that more and more people are growing their own vegetables , sourcing grass - fed beef , avoiding fruit shipped from South America , and becoming members of the local CSA .
Some people are even finding themselves headed back to the kitchen , cookbook in hand , to learn how to make their own meals for the first time .
At the same time , many are looking for ways to trim their food budget .
As a nation , we 're eating out less , clipping more coupons , and buying the bargain cuts of meat instead of the fillet .
We 're literally tightening our belts as we eat less and slim down .
Whether out of desire or necessity , many of us spend less on food than we used to .
( See also : How to Grocery Shop for Five on $ 100 a Week )
While these are n't mutually exclusive pursuits , trying to save money and eat high quality , natural , organic food can be rough .
Though the popularity of this kind of food has risen , there 's still less demand for it than for those nationally recognized name brands of junk and fast food , so the slow food costs more .
Additionally , because the processes for raising , harvesting , and shipping slow food are not as well - established as those for other kinds of food , simply getting it to the store costs more and those costs are passed on to the consumer .
And those processes are inherently more time and labor intensive for slow food , which means the costs wo n't go drastically lower anytime in the near future .
In contrast to this , junk food is not only cheaper than slow food , but it 's getting even cheaper as the days go by .
This chart from New York Times blogger David Leonhardt , shows just how much the prices for things like soda , butter , and beer have gone down since 1978 .
For people trying to save money , the choice may be simple : eat more junk .
And yet , this set of circumstances leaves many consumers frustrated .
They want to eat well but they can't afford to , or they struggle with paying so much more for food items that could easily be replaced with cheaper , less healthful , alternatives .
So what can be done ?
Is there a way to get food that is truly good for less money , or to justify paying more for what we eat when there 's cheaper food available ?
Here are some musings on just that topic .
Eating well is an investment .
And not the kind where you see an immediate return .
You may not feel better tomorrow because you ate free - range eggs for breakfast instead of a toaster pastry .
And you may not know that you avoided catching the office cold because of the antioxidants in your system from those organic blueberries .
But if you stay healthier than most , thinner than many , and as happy as you want to be over the long haul , at least some of that is probably a return for your investment in good food .
When it comes to eating , where you spend your money is like voting .
Do you want all - natural , sustainably - raised , wholesome food to be widely available at competitive prices , or do you want fast food and junk food to continue as the foods of choice for the people in this country ?
Though it wo n't save you anything today , spending more money for better food may influence the way things roll down the road .
You just might recoup that extra money you spend on high - quality food in healthcare savings .
We 've all heard about studies showing the effects of junk food on health .
People who eat a lot of it are fatter and sicker than ever before .
Though it may be hard to see in your own life ( because you do n't know when you avoid being sick ) , eating well sure seems like it will save you money in the long run .
Sometimes you just have to pay more for a better product .
We see this elsewhere .
Better quality hi-def TVs cost more than their low - quality counterparts .
Long - lasting , no - drip candles cost more than the disappearing , drippy kind .
Hard back books are more expensive than paperbacks .
You get my drift .
We 've come to expect this elsewhere ... why do n't we expect it regarding our food ?
What choices do you make when it comes to your food and your money ?
What do you think about spending more money for food that 's better for you ?
Household detergents , shampoos may form harmful substance in waste water
Related images
( click to enlarge )
Scientists are reporting evidence that certain ingredients in shampoo , detergents and other household cleaning agents may be a source of precursor materials for formation of a suspected cancer - causing contaminant in water supplies that receive water from sewage treatment plants .
The study sheds new light on possible environmental sources of this poorly understood water contaminant , called NDMA , which is of ongoing concern to health officials .
Their study is in ACS ' Environmental Science & Technology , a semi- monthly journal .
William Mitch and colleagues note that scientists have known that NDMA and other nitrosamines can form in small amounts during the disinfection of wastewater and water with chloramine .
Although nitrosamines are found in a wide variety of sources — including processed meats and tobacco smoke — scientists know little about their precursors in water .
Past studies with cosmetics have found that substances called quaternary amines , which are also ingredients in household cleaning agents , may play a role in the formation of nitrosamines .
Their laboratory research showed that when mixed with chloramine , some household cleaning products — including shampoo , dishwashing detergent and laundry detergent - formed NDMA .
The report notes that sewage treatment plants may remove some of quaternary amines that form NDMA .
However , quaternary amines are used in such large quantities that some still may persist and have a potentially harmful effect in the effluents from sewage treatment plants .
The World From Berlin ' Truth Is Often The First Casualty Of War '
On Thursday , Germany 's defense minister is set to testify before parliament about his knowledge of a deadly attack in Afghanistan that resulted in civilian deaths .
Despite a decision by prosecutors to drop an investigation into the military official who called for the bombing , German commentators say the inquiry into whether politicians lied is essential .
An Atheist public policy group today urged President Obama to choose his nominee for the Supreme Court based on a strong commitment to the First Amendment and the " strict separation of church and state . "
Dr. Ed Buckner , President of American Atheists , said : " Our group will be watching the nomination and subsequent Senate review of a replacement for the irreplaceable Justice John Paul Stevens with great interest .
The religious liberty not only of Atheists but of all Americans will be imperiled unless the person holding the seat now held by Stevens is filled by a future US Supreme Court Justice of the greatest intelligence and integrity . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Buckner added that President Obama should beware of religious right groups , who appear to be mobilizing to stop any nominees who would reject efforts to smuggle organized prayer into public school classrooms or to teach " creationism " as an " alternative " to evolution .
Eddie Tabash , a constitutional attorney and policy advisor to state - church separation groups , said : " The staunchest , most consistent advocate of government neutrality in matters of religion , that is to say , the equality of non believers before the law , Justice John Paul Stevens , is retiring from the Supreme Court .
There is no question that President Obama will want to replace him with a justice of equal commitment to the separation of church and state . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Tabash added : " The big question is , can he ?
Will the Republicans filibuster any known opponent of the religious right wing viewpoint ?
Numerically , 41 Republicans could pull off a successful filibuster .
We will have to wait and see .
At this time , Atheists and religious dissenters everywhere need to thank Justice Stevens for 34 years of being our advocate , our defender , and our protector on a Court with ever shifting majorities . "
Buckner noted that American Atheists is urging Freethinkers , Humanists , and other secularists to contact the White House with their opinions on any Supreme Court nominees .
" The separation of government and religion remains an important issue in the ' culture wars . '
All Americans must have freedom of religion -- and it is not really freedom at all unless it guarantees freedom from religion for those who want none . "
undefined
NOTE : The following is one of a series of case studies produced by the Union of Concerned Scientists '
Scientific Integrity Program between 2004 and 2010 to document the abuses highlighted in our 2004 report , Scientific Integrity in Policy Making .
The administrator of Medicare threatened to fire his chief actuary if he communicated to Congress his cost estimates for the Medicare Prescription Drug Mobilization Act of 2003 .
As a result , members of Congress only saw a lower estimate of the cost of the bill before narrowly voting to approve it .
The censored Medicare estimate was in line with the subsequent White House budget request for the program , although the estimate was not released until after the bill 's passage .
On December 8 , 2003 President Bush signed the Medicare bill into law following a contentious debate in Congress and an unusually long roll call vote .
1
Weeks after the signing , the White House 's 2004 budget request estimated the price of the Act at over $ 540 billion .
This request was 35 % higher than the $ 395 billion Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) estimate that was used to pitch the bill to lawmakers .
It is not unusual for the CBO 's program cost estimates to differ from the White House's , but allegations of censorship by Medicare 's chief actuary raised the possibility that higher estimates were suppressed for political reasons therefore skewing the information available to policy makers .
In March 2004 , Richard Foster , the chief actuary for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , went public with claims that his boss , Medicare administrator Thomas Scully , had actively prevented him from releasing higher cost estimates — $ 551 billion over 10 years — in response to Congressional inquiries during the debate over the bill .
In an interview , Foster said " In June 2003 , the Medicare administrator , Tom Scully , decided to restrict the practice of our responding directly to Congressional requests and ordered us to provide responses to him so he could decide what to do with them .
There was a pattern of withholding information for what I perceived to be political purposes , which I thought was inappropriate . "
2
Foster also said that Scully threatened to fire him if he told lawmakers about the higher numbers , an accusation that Scully initially denied .
Cybele Bjorklund , a health policy staffer working for Democratic members of the House Ways and Means Committee also claimed that Scully told her that if Foster gave her the cost estimates , " I 'll fire him so fast his head will spin . "
3
Communication dans un congrès
Abstract :
This paper proposes generic design patterns to define and combine algebraic structures , using dependent records , coercions and type inference , inside the Coq system .
This alternative to telescopes in particular allows multiple inheritance , maximal sharing of notations and theories , and automated structure inference .
Our methodology is robust enough to support a hierarchy comprising a broad variety of algebraic structures , from types with a choice operator to algebraically closed fields .
Interfaces for the structures enjoy the handiness of a classical setting , without requiring any axiom .
Finally , we show how externally extensible some of these instances are by discussing a lemma seminal in defining the discrete logarithm , and a matrix decomposition problem .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) 
The State Patrol says a car crash in east - central Minnesota has killed six people , including three teenagers .
The patrol says one of the drivers , a 16 - year - old who got her license less than three weeks ago , was hospitalized in serious condition .
According to the patrol , a car driven by the 16 - year - old was heading west on Highway 95 early Sunday when it collided with a sport- utility vehicle west of Cambridge , which is about 40 miles north of Minneapolis .
Patrol Lt. Eric
Roeske says no one in the car apparently was wearing a seat belt .
He says a 15 - year - old girl , two boys ages 16 and 17 , and a 21 - year - old man in the car were killed .
He says the two people who died in the SUV were severely burned .
The patrol says roads were wet at the time of the 2:40 a.m. crash .
The victims ' identities have n't been released .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Middle East Peace : So Why Have We Failed ?
More than 60 years after Israel ’s stunning victory in the 1948 war that birthed the Jewish state , an end to the world ’s most exasperating conflict seems more distant than ever .
U.S. President Barack Obama is trying to drag both sides kicking and screaming to the negotiating table after nearly a decade of no progress .
But is there still any reason for hope ?
We asked leading Americans , Israelis , and Palestinians who ’ve tried and failed to make peace to answer three crucial questions :
What have you learned , who ’s primarily to blame , and what ’s your out - of - the - box idea to solve the conflict ?
Here are excerpts from what they told us .
Zbigniew Brzezinski
National security advisor to U.S. President Jimmy Carter from 1977 to 1981
Who ’s to blame : The United States .
On more than one occasion it pledged to become seriously engaged in promoting peace , but in fact its engagement has been more rhetorical than real , lacking in will to use the obvious dependence of both the Israelis and the Palestinians on American support .
Out - of - the - box idea :
To announce to the world America ’s commitment to a framework for peace based on four key points , namely ( 1 ) no right of return for Palestinian refugees to Israel proper ; ( 2 ) West Jerusalem as the seat for Israel ’s capital and East Jerusalem as the seat of the Palestinian capital with some internationally based sharing of the Old City ; ( 3 ) the drawing of borders between the two states along the 1967 lines , adjusted on the basis of one - for - one swaps as the frontiers ; and ( 4 ) an essentially demilitarized Palestinian state with U.S. or NATO forces on the west bank of the Jordan River .
Saeb Erekat
Head of the Palestine Liberation Organization ‘s Steering and Monitoring Committee and the organization ’s chief negotiator
What I learned :
At the beginning of the peace process I honestly thought I knew Israel better .
I used to believe that Israel ’s fears and concerns were about security and recognition .
But when Arab and Islamic countries offered recognition to Israel in exchange for Israeli withdrawal to the 1967 borders in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative and Israel chose to continue its colonization , I started rethinking Israel ’s goals .
Who ‘s to blame :
If you ask me as a Palestinian , I would tell you the Israeli occupation .
But it is also important to say that Israel has not been seriously challenged to stop its illegal policies against the peoples of the region .
Therefore I also blame the third parties for turning a blind eye to Israeli actions and consolidating a culture of impunity , which allows Israel to continue creating facts on the ground .
Without this blind support , Israel would have never been able to settle over half a million settlers within the occupied Palestinian territory .
Daniel Kurtzer
U.S. ambassador to Israel under President George W. Bush and ambassador to Egypt under President Bill Clinton ; professor of Middle East studies at Princeton University
What I learned : Almost everything the United States tries to achieve in the Middle East is informed by what we do or fail to do in the peace process .
When we are active diplomatically , Arab states are more willing to cooperate with us on other problems ; when we are not active , our diplomatic options shrink .
The Arab - Israeli conflict is not just another squabble among “ tribes ” over land ; it has become a signature issue in international relations that encompasses dimensions of territory , security , historical rights , and religion .
Achieving peace between Arabs and Israelis is a significant U.S. national interest .
Out - of - the - box idea : Nearly 43 years since the 1967 war , it is astounding that the United States has not articulated its view on what a final settlement should look like on borders and territory , settlements , Jerusalem , refugees , security , and the like .
Today , we have worn - out guidance on some of these issues — mostly focused on what we oppose — but we lack a clear vision of what we support .
In other words , it is time for us to act like a great power in resolving one of the world ’s festering and dangerous conflicts .
Gen . Anthony Zinni
Former head of U.S. Central Command and U.S. envoy to the Middle East peace process in 2001 and 2002
What I learned :
By now , we should realize what does n’t work : summits , agreements in principle , special envoys , U.S. - proposed plans , and just about every other part of our approach has failed .
So why do we keep repeating it ?
Michael Oren
Israel ’s ambassador to the United States ; historian of the Middle East
What I learned : Calling this an Arab - Israeli conflict today is largely a misnomer .
We have two states that have peace treaties with Israel .
The largest antagonist is Iran , which is not an Arab state .
But I ’ve been studying the relationship between the United States and Israel for a long time , back since the 1967 war , when it was truly more of an Arab - Israeli conflict , and one thing that has struck me is the depth of the relationship between the United States and Israel .
The relationship is truly deeper and more multifaceted than how I understood it in the past .
Who ’s to blame : I do n’t think assigning blame is productive , but I think the main obstacle is getting the Palestinian Authority back to the negotiating table .
It ’s quite extraordinary :
We now have a situation that existed before Oslo in ’93 and before Madrid in ’ 91 — we ca n’t get the Palestinians to sit down face to face with us and discuss the issues .
Out - of - the - box idea :
As an ambassador , we do n’t generally do out - of - the - box ideas .
If you ask me what the key to moving forward is , I would say that Palestinians , and Arabs more generally , must feel that they have more to gain by participating in negotiations than not .
If they believe that by staying out of negotiations they can win concessions over issues such as East Jerusalem , why would they participate in what can be a drawn - out , uncertain process ?
Yossi Beilin
Former Israeli Knesset member and co-author of the 2003 Geneva Accord , a model agreement for a two - state solution
What I learned :
There are majorities on both sides that would support any peace treaty , but that was not enough .
I did not appreciate the significance of small minorities that were ready to pay a very high price to torpedo any peace process .
Who ‘s to blame :
The leadership on both sides that were not courageous enough to get to the moment of truth .
On both sides , there was always a feeling that they had room for maneuver :
Let ’s wait for the next American president ; let ’s wait for the next government on the other side .
The combination of Yasir Arafat and Benjamin Netanyahu after the assassination of Israeli leader Yitzhak Rabin was also very problematic .
I believe that had Rabin not been assassinated , we could have had peace by now .
James Wolfensohn
Special envoy for Gaza disengagement during George W. Bush ‘s administration ; former World Bank president
What I learned : I first approached the peace process thinking it was solvable — that if you came up with a reasonable plan , each side would think that it was in their enlightened interest to follow it .
I thought rationality would prevail .
But to my great sadness , the notion of some perfect peace plan has not emerged .
What ’s desperately needed is an intervention by , frankly , our country and the president .
Absent that , I think it ’s unlikely you ’re going to see a near - term solution .
Out - of - the - box idea :
If the United States were to take a very straightforward and unyielding line , it would help Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu if he wants to do a deal , and it would certainly help the Arabs come together .
But that ’s certainly not a new idea .
Robert Malley
Special assistant to President Bill Clinton for Arab - Israeli affairs from 1998 to 2001
What I learned :
There is no such thing as a good idea — merely ideas that might work at a given time .
Palestinians opposed the two - state solution until the late 1980s ; after they accepted it , Israel refused the notion of a Palestinian state until the turn of the century .
Today , it seems more of an Israeli than a Palestinian priority .
Who ‘s to blame : Americans , Palestinians , and Israelis were all to blame for the failure of the 2000 Camp David talks .
That conclusion can fairly be extended to peace efforts as a whole .
Neither the Israelis nor the Palestinians have been prepared to fully own up to the fears and needs of the other .
As for the United States , it historically has been overly sensitive to Israeli and excessively ignorant of Palestinian politics .
It failed to reconcile its multiple and often contradictory roles : as midwife of a putative deal , honest broker , and Israel ’s closest ally .
Gamal Helal
Chief U.S. interpreter for more than two decades during Arab - Israeli peace negotiations
What I learned : A lot of diplomats consider constructive ambiguity as a viable tool , but I believe there is no such thing as constructive ambiguity — there is only destructive ambiguity .
Out - of - the - box idea : I would tell the Arabs and Israelis , “ I ’m not going to need this or want this more than you do . ”
One of the biggest mistakes in U.S. diplomacy is when we look like we want a settlement more than the parties .
Dov Weisglass
Top advisor to former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon
Who ‘s to blame :
The United States and Israel in the last year basically reshuffled the whole arrangement so that everything is back in debate ; everything is an issue .
That ’s why the conflict is far more complicated than it used to be four years ago , and even two years ago .
Out - of - the - box idea : I ’m not sure it ’s possible to turn the world backward .
But if it ’s possible , I would tell today ’s leaders to stick to the Roadmap .
There will never be a final solution to the conflict here if there is no security .
The Palestinian government under Salam Fayyad has made a dramatic improvement in the way they are acting against terrorism .
It ’s not 100 percent , but relative to what it was five years ago , there ’s no comparison .
One part of the doubt , the hesitation — even the resentment — toward the Roadmap was the view that this sequentiality of security , then politics is impractical : The Palestinians will never meet those obligations .
What ’s happening now shows that if they want to , they can .
But the proposal has sparked strong opposition in the city , with Jack Yan , a candidate for the Wellington mayor 's job in coming elections , admitting that he had alerted Hollywood to the sign in a bid to stop it going ahead .
Earlier today , I wrote about building a computer with Jacob , our 3.5 - year - old , and setting him up with a Linux shell .
We did that this evening , and wow — he loves it .
While the Debian Installer was running , he kept begging to type , so I taught him how to hit Alt - F2 and fired up cat for him .
That was a lot of fun .
But even more fun was had once the system was set up .
I installed bsdgames and taught him how to use worm .
worm is a simple snake - like game where you use the arrow keys to “ eat ” the numbers .
That was a big hit , as Jacob likes numbers right now .
He watched me play it a time or two , then tried it himself .
Of course he crashed into the wall pretty quickly , which exits the game .
I taught him how to type “ worm ” at the computer , then press Enter to start it again .
Suffice it to say he now knows how to spell worm very well .
Yes , that ’s right : Jacob ’s first ever Unix command was …. worm .
He ’d play the game , and cackle if he managed to eat a number .
If he crashed into a wall , he ’d laugh much harder and run over to the other side of the room .
Much as worm was a hit , the Linux shell was even more fun .
He sometimes has a problem with the keyboard repeat , and one time typed “ worrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrm ” .
I tried to pronounce that for him , which he thought was hilarious .
He was about to backspace to fix it , when I asked , “ Jacob , what will happen if you press Enter without fixing it ? ”
He looked at me with this look of wonder and excitement , as if to say , “ Hey , I never thought of that .
Let ’s see ! ”
And a second later , he pressed Enter .
The result , of course , was :
- bash : worrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrm : command not found
“ Dad , what did it do ? ”
I read the text back , and told him it means that the computer does n’t know what worrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrm means .
Much laughter .
At that point , it became a game .
He ’d bang at random letters , and finally press Enter .
I ’d read what it said .
Pretty soon he was recognizing the word “ bash ” , and I heard one time , “ Dad , it said BASH again !!! ”
Sometimes if he ’d get semicolons at the right place , he ’d get two or three “ bashes ” .
That was always an exciting surprise .
He had more fun at the command line than he did with worm , and I think at least half of it was because the shell was called bash .
He took somewhat of an interest in the hardware part earlier in the evening , though not quite as much .
He was interested in opening up other computers to take parts out of them , but bored quickly .
The fact that Terah was cooking supper probably had something to do with that .
He really enjoyed the motherboard ( and learned that word ) , and especially the CPU fan .
He loved to spin it with his finger .
He thought it interesting that there would be a fan inside his computer .
When it came time to assign a hostname , I told Jacob he could name his computer .
Initially he was confused .
Terah suggested he could name it “ kitty ” , but he did n’t go for it .
After a minute ’s thought , he said , “ I will name it ‘ Grandma Marla . ' ”
Confusion from us — did he really understand what he was saying ?
“ You want to name your computer ‘ Grandma Marla ? ' ” “ Yep .
That will be silly ! ” “ Sure you do n’t want to name it Thomas ? ”
“ That would be silly !
No .
I will name my computer ‘ Grandma Marla . ” ” OK then .
My DNS now has an entry for grandma - marla .
I had wondered what he would come up with .
You never know with a 3 - year - old !
It was a lot of fun to see that sense of wonder and experimentation at work .
I remember it from the TRS - 80 and DOS machine , when I would just try random things to see what they would do .
It is lots of fun to watch it in Jacob too , and hear the laughter as he discovers something amusing .
We let Jacob stay up 2 hours past his bedtime to enjoy all the excitement .
Tomorrow the computer moves to his room .
Should be loads of excitement then too .
The ODROID Android Gaming device has SO much potential , it ’s a shame that nothing has reached the public beyond the Developer ’s Edition .
If you do n’t remember ODROID it ’s a PSP lookalike with ( oddly ) 3 D - Pads and HDMI video out that allows you to connect your device to a big TV for extra intense gaming .
We kind of forgot about ODROID but with the new 3D Gaming features of the Android NDK added to the obvious fact that the HardKernel are keeping their ODROID up to date has us optimistic .
And by up to date I mean they ’ve got it working on Android 2.1 :
The description of the above video claims the ODROID will be available in early March .
Well … we ’re here in early March but I ’m guessing this launch will also be a Developer Edition device .
I ’m eager for SOMEONE to come out with an HDMI - out capable Android that is built with gaming in mind – whether it be ODROID or something else .
Hey Sony … whaddaya say you take a ride on the wild side and make a Playstation Phone based on Android ?
THAT would be the day …
Normally we do n’t do graphics this simple or silly .
But after a graphic about how Europeans view America went viral on the web , we felt it was our patriotic duty to counter it with how Americans view Europe .
Or as we like to call it , the land of Soccer ( football for you Europeans )
The field of transportation
is ripe for green tech :
It accounts for two - thirds of U.S. oil consumption and generates one - third of the nation 's greenhouse gas emissions .
Most research has focused on alternatives to gasoline - powered internal - combustion engines , but multinational biotechnology company Genencor is working on a more plebian car component : tires .
Making Rubber from Plants
About 250 million tires are sold yearly in the United States .
Each one is roughly one - fourth synthetic rubber ( the rest consists of natural rubber , steel , nylon , polyester , assorted reinforcing chemicals , waxes , pigments and oils ) .
Synthetic rubber production dates back to the early 1900s and mushroomed into an industry during World War II .
Today it takes about seven gallons of oil to make a standard tire — five gallons as feedstock for chemicals that make up synthetic rubber , plus two for the energy required to power the manufacturing process .
Many types of plants , including poplars , oak trees and kudzu , produce isoprene , a volatile hydrocarbon liquid that 's a building block of natural rubber .
( Isoprene emissions from trees on hot days are a component of smog . )
Chemical companies also refine isoprene from petroleum and use it to make synthetic polyisoprene rubber , which has good strength , flexibility and resistance to cold .
Synthetic polyisoprene is widely used in tires , as well as other goods like hoses , rubber bands and pipe gaskets .
Working with Goodyear Tire & Rubber , Genencor has developed a way to make isoprene by starting with plant material instead of oil .
The company uses E. coli bacteria to break down cellulose - based sugars derived from plant materials like corn , corn cobs or switchgrass , generating natural isoprene as a byproduct .
It 's cleaner to make than the oil version .
" Some of the microbe cell mass is left over after the microbes catalyze the reaction , " says Genencor vice president Carl Sanford , " but that can be recycled , used as fertilizer or burned for energy .
There are no highly toxic waste products . "
Genencor delivered the first shipment of its BioIsoprene™ to Goodyear early last year , and it was incorporated into two concept tires displayed at the Copenhagen climate change conference in December .
In March Genencor announced that it had inserted plant genes for producing isoprene into E. coli bacteria , speeding up the manufacturing process .
The company plans to start pilot production of BioIsoprene within two years , and says that bio - based tires could be on the market within three to five years .
The Business Case : High Oil Prices
Genencor 's business case relies on making BioIsoprene cost - competitive with isoprene from petroleum , so its prospects hinge partly on world oil prices over the next five years .
Global rubber supplies will also be a factor .
BioIsoprene could sub in for a portion of the natural rubber already in tires , Sanford says .
" And sometimes companies can't get enough petro - derived isoprene , so we may be able to fill the void . "
Genencor will no doubt have competition for the plant feedstock : Under the Environmental Protection Agency 's Renewable Fuel Standard program , first enacted in 2005 and amended several times since , U.S. oil refiners are required to blend 3 billion gallons of cellulosic biofuels into gasoline annually by 2015 , and 16 billion gallons per year by 2022 .
While federal agencies have estimated that the U.S. could produce as much as a billion tons of biomass crops per year within the next several decades , enough to satisfy the renewable fuel mandate with materials left over , not all experts agree on that number .
It 's worth noting , however , that although the global isoprene market is n't trivial — about 1.7 billion pounds per year — replacing that entire amount with plant - based isoprene is a much smaller undertaking than meeting federal biofuel targets .
Sanford estimates that every ton of BioIsoprene requires about four tons of feedstock , so it would take only about 3.4 million tons of cellulosic materials to make enough plant - based isoprene for all global applications .
Friction , The Real Oil Guzzler
According to a life - cycle assessment by European tire and rubber manufacturers , the biggest environmental impacts from tires occur not while they 're being made , but while they 're being used .
The main culprit is rolling resistance ( friction and other forces that are generated as tires grip the road and dissipate energy as waste heat ) .
Michelin , the world 's largest tire manufacturer , estimates that rolling resistance accounts for 9 percent of global oil consumption ; in contrast , making tires represents less than 1 percent .
Low rolling resistance tires , which are widely available now , can improve drivers ' gas mileage by 3 to 4 percent .
" There are three things we must do to move toward a sustainable technology base , " says Terry Collins , professor of chemistry and director of the Institute for Green Science at Carnegie Mellon University .
" Go solar for energy , move from fossilized to recently dead plant matter for the source materials of our products and reduce and eliminate toxic substances from our technologies . "
Because oil refining generates high levels of air and water pollution and hazardous wastes , reducing the need for petroleum - based inputs would be reason to call BioIsoprene a green product .
The final verdict , says Collins , depends on what kinds of energy , water and other resources are required to manufacture it commercially .
" The devil , and the angels , are in the details , " he says .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Is there any more powerful and feared institution in Europe ( or the world ) than Standard & Poors ?
This firm - whose ostensibly blameless activity is to assess the quality of credit that 's traded on financial markets - has induced high anxiety in European Union governments and citizens by giving lower grades to the public sector debt of Greece , Portugal and Spain .
Loans to the Greek government have been categorised by S&P as junk , or carrying a high risk of default - whereas those who lend to Portugal and Spain have been told that their money is a little less secure than it was , with Spain having a significant quality edge over Portugal .
S&P 's assessment of the growth prospects of these three nations , and their respective prospects for closing the ominous gaps between what their respective governments spend and what they raise in taxes , has induced gyrations in markets : the euro and share prices have fallen ; the price of each of the three nation 's government bonds has dropped , with those of Greece plunging , such that the implied cost of lending to Greece is now higher than that of much poorer , less democratic countries .
And there has been a frenzy of panicky meetings involving the International Monetary Fund , the German government , senior European Union officials and so on , to stitch up some kind of rescue deal for Greece , which may eventually involve eurozone states and the IMF extending more than £ 80bn of emergency credit to Greece .
Crikey .
That S&P certainly knows how to make a noise .
Now , of course , S&P is n't responsible for the widening deficits of Greece , Portugal and Spain that represent the fundamental reason why confidence in those nations ' creditworthiness - and in the value of the euro - has eroded .
S&P would claim to be an articulate messenger , an impartial analyst of the woes they face , not in any sense the creator of all this mayhem .
But it is nonetheless extraordinary that some relatively simple economic research by a private - sector organisation can have quite such an impact .
All the facts underlying that research are well - known and easy to obtain .
All that S&P has done is to say that Greek debt is junk ; but surely Greek debt can't in reality be junkier today than it was last week just because S&P says so ?
You may wonder what on earth is going on .
If S&P does n't create economic reality - which it does n't - how can its assessment of that economic reality wreak such havoc ?
The answer is that S&P - and the two other leading credit- rating agencies , Moody 's and Fitch - have been endowed with enormous authority by governments , central banks and regulators .
They are the gods of the credit markets , and made so by fiat of the Bank of England , the European Central Bank , the US Securities and Exchange Commission and so on .
The rating agencies ' assessment of the quality of bonds or tradeable debt issued by public sector and private sector is , officially , the last word on the subject - and has been since the early 1970s , when the SEC in the US started using their ratings to assess the strength of securities firms ' balance sheets .
So , for example , the Bank of England typically provides credit to commercial banks if those banks provide bonds as collateral to it that are classified as AAA by rating agencies .
The ECB operates a lower quality threshold for the provision of funds or liquidity to banks , but still uses the rating agencies as arbiters of the relevant security or collateral quality .
Which in turn conditions the investment decisions of banks , insurance companies and pension funds : if a bond loses its AAA status , the potential size of the market for that bond shrinks , at a stroke .
By now I would hazard that a few of you will be shouting at the screen that these are surely the same rating agencies which gave AAA ratings to many tens of billions of dollars of tranches of collateralised debt obligations and issues of residential mortgage backed securities that turned out to be a very bad joke .
These AAA CDOs were n't the solid gold that the AAA badge implied : they were manure ( although arguably lacking the functional benefits of good manure ) .
Many would say that S&P and the others played an important dishonourable role in fomenting the worst banking crisis since the 1930s .
So how is it that S&P 's word on the quality of Greek debt , Portuguese debt and Spanish debt carries any credibility at all ?
It 's curious , is n't it ?
What is extraordinary is that almost nothing has been done by governments , or central banks or regulators to break the de facto monopoly of S&P , Moodys and Fitch in the business of rating bonds .
There has been a good deal of talk about reforming the way they are remunerated , to end the apparent conflict of interest arising from the convention that they are paid by borrowers ( who obviously want the highest possible rating for their credit ) .
But is n't the real issue that the ratings troika does n't face any proper competition , thanks to the official endorsement the firms receive from central banks and regulators ?
Would n't it make sense for the Bank of England , the European Central Bank , the FSA , the SEC and so on to find other ways to judge the quality of the bonds that underpin their evaluations of banks ' financial robustness .
Perhaps I am being over - squeamish , but it does n't feel democratic or sustainable that the fiscal fate of nations and currency zones - and indeed the perceived strength of the financial system - rests on the analytical verdict of three private - sector research firms , the financial record of which has in recent years not been unblemished .
Dear Apple : We miss you .
Once upon a time , back before you got real popular , you used to take part in the public square .
You may have been less forthcoming than most , but at least your employees would speak at industry events , have unscripted conversations with journalists , and engage in …
Dear Apple :
We miss you .
Once upon a time , back before you got real popular , you used to take part in the public square .
You may have been less forthcoming than most , but at least your employees would speak at industry events , have unscripted conversations with journalists , and engage in the world a bit here and there .
But over the past few years , things seem to have changed .
You pulled out of MacWorld and began hosting your own strictly scripted events .
You forbid any of your executives from speaking at any public conferences ( save one victory lap with Bill Gates a few years ago ) .
Employees blogging , posting to social networks , or offering academic papers for public comment is actively discouraged .
In the words of an employee of your one of your former partners : Apple essentially bans “ things that we at companies with an open culture take for granted . ”
Your relationship to the press is famously combative , those who do get access start their articles with phrases like “ we fanboys are pathetic , I readily confess . ”
Not exactly the kind of press that pushes boundaries or keeps a company honest .
And that makes us honestly nervous – we ’ve seen what happens when large American corporations create cultures that worship secrecy and refuse to answer to the press .
It ’s not pretty .
( Possibly to your credit , your CEO does seem to randomly respond to emails , but so far no one at Apple will actually verify his responses .
Very clever , that ! )
Despite the gorgeous products and services you ’ve created , we worry that you ’re headed down a road that may lead to your own demise .
Apple is no longer the underdog living in the shadow of a Microsoft monopoly .
Increasingly , Apple is a dominant player in any number of critical network services and points of control – from mobile devices to media access , payment systems to Internet browsing and advertising platforms .
In short , we believe Apple is far too important to continue its role as the Howard Hughes of our industry .
So we ’d like to publicly invite you to step into the light , and join us on stage at this year ’s Web 2.0 Summit .
The theme – “ Points of Control ” - is quite topical , we believe .
Yes , this invitation is certainly self - serving , but let ’s just say we ’re in good company when it comes to that particular instinct , and our primary goal is to serve our industry and our conference attendees .
Over the past seven years , Web 2 has become an important platform where the Internet industry has had critical , open exchanges of conversation that move the economy forward .
It ’s where AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson and Comcast CEO Brian Roberts have faced their critics and countered charges of network discrimination .
It ’s where senior leaders at Google , Microsoft , Facebook and Twitter debated their battle plans around real time and social search .
It ’s where Newscorp CEO Rupert Murdoch defended his acquisition of the Wall Street Journal , and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg explained his approach to user privacy .
In short , Web 2 is a place where the leaders of the most vibrant industry in the world interact with 1,200 or so of their most important partners , critics , and supporters , in a forum that is open to blogging , tweeting , conversation , and debate .
This debate informs and enlightens our industry , moving it forward and keeping all parties honest in the process .
Wo n’t you join us ?
We eagerly await your response .
Sincerely ,
John Battelle and Tim O’Reilly , Program Chairs and founders , Web 2.0 Summit
( CNN ) --
It was just days after the release of the iPad -- Apple 's slate computer heralded as a tool for gaming , book and magazine reading and Web consumption -- when the announcement arrived .
One of the world 's biggest porn companies claimed it had created a way to stream its videos onto the device , skipping the Apple store and its restrictions on salacious content .
The announcement illustrates a widely acknowledged but seldom - spoken truth of the technology world :
Whenever there 's a new content platform , the adult - entertainment industry is one of the first to adopt it -- if they did n't help create it in the first place .
" It 's not necessarily that the porn industry comes up with the ideas , but there 's a huge difference in any technology between the idea and the successful application , " said Jonathan Coopersmith , a professor at Texas A&M University who teaches the history of technology .
" They 're kind of the shock troops , and one of the nice things for them is that they can claim , ' Hey , I 'm advancing technology . ' "
While the shadowy nature of the adult - entertainment industry makes exact figures hard to nail down , it 's generally acknowledged that porn was the first product to make money on the Internet and still rakes in upward of $ 1 billion annually online .
[ Although porn , like many industries , has felt the pinch of the last couple year 's recession , leading Hustler 's Larry Flynt and others to jokingly ask for a federal bailout ] .
From the printing press to instant cameras , from pay - per-view to VCRs , pornographers -- both professional and private -- have been among the quickest to jump on board with newly developed gadgets .
The first public screening of a movie was in 1895 .
Less than two years later , Coopersmith notes , the first " adult " film was released .
" The classic example is the VCR , " said Oliver Marc Hartwich , an economist and senior fellow with Centre for Independent Studies , a conservative Australian think tank .
" When it was introduced , Hollywood was nervous because the big studios feared piracy .
They were even considering suing the VCR producers .
" Not so the adult industry .
They saw it as a big new market and seized the opportunity . "
On the internet , streaming video , credit - card verification sites , Web referral rings and video technology like Flash all can be traced back to innovations designed to share , and sell , adult content .
i Report : Porn and the economy
Experts attribute much of the success of AOL , the social networking forbearer of sites like Facebook and Twitter , to its private chat rooms -- and anyone who remembers scanning the user - created chats remembers the adults - only nature of many of them .
Websites that require memberships , encryption coding , speedier file - sharing technology -- all can trace their roots back to the adult industry .
These days , in addition to the race for the iPad screen , at least a couple of porn flicks are in production using burgeoning 3 - D technology .
While Hollywood has scored with a few blockbusters , 3 - D tech for the television is still in its infancy -- and porn , as always , is right there to capitalize .
" Just imagine that you 'll be watching it as if you were sitting beside the bed , " Hong Kong - based producer Stephen Shiu Jr. said of his movie , " 3D Zen and Sex , " which is set to begin filming this month with a budget of nearly $ 4 million .
" There will be many close - ups .
It will look as if the actresses are only a few centimeters from the audience . "
For adult - entertainment companies , staying on the cutting edge of technology can be necessary to survive .
Ilan Bunimovitz is the CEO of Private Media Group , the company that announced the iPad porn offering , which uses cloud computing to store a customer 's videos .
In effect , he 's saying it 's like an iTunes for porn -- an online service that lets users buy and access a personal collection of adult videos via their iPads .
Of course , the slate computer 's browser can already be used to surf the internet for adult content .
He said his company , with its 25 - member technology department , began working on ways to take advantage of theiPad the day it was announced in January .
By the time Apple released the device in early April , the system was ready , he said .
" Every step of the way , when there 's a new technology , we explore it , " said Bunimovitz .
" In the adult business , many times the traditional venues are not available to us , so we have to be innovative to get our content to the consumer .
" With adult content , you need to create your own solutions . "
Porn companies can capitalize on the latest technological advances because of their deep pockets and the relative certainty that their investments will be returned by customers willing to pony up for their product , experts say .
" People are willing to pay a premium for pornography , " said Coopersmith , the Texas A&M professor .
" You see this with movies , with VCRs -- which is when it first really became noticeable .
DVDs , computer games , cable TV -- if you look at the price of those [ adult ] products , they 're higher profit margins for the vendors . "
That fact creates a conundrum for product developers .
Often , any new product 's pornographic potential remains a dirty little secret -- privately discussed by the manufacturer but left unspoken in public .
One of Coopersmith 's favorite examples is the early days of instant cameras .
Manufacturers were fully aware how many customers would use a camera that did n't require you to go to the local pharmacist to have your film developed , he said .
One of the earliest was Polaroid 's provocatively named camera , " The Swinger " -- ostensibly so - called because of a strap that let it dangle from the user 's wrist .
In a television ad , a young man uses it to photograph a bevy of gyrating , bikini - clad models before eventually picking one to walk off into the sunset -- with only the camera between them .
" One of the silent slogans of the porn - tech world is ' Do n't ask .
Do n't tell .
Do sell , " Coopersmith said .
" You do n't want to be public , but you 've got your own private corporate plans . "
" As for the future , Bunimovitz says he does n't expect his industry to back away from the cutting edge of technology .
He 's currently intrigued with the potential of artificial intelligence , which he said one day might simulate a live porn star who could " interact " with the user .
" There 's always something new , " he said .
" At any point in time , we 'll be working on new initiatives .
Some of them will flop and some of them will be big -- but there 's always something in the works . "
A couple of guys just hangin ’ out .
Two important developments in the World of Men this week :
1 . A group of scholars , led by a man with the almost suspiciously masculine name of Lionel Tiger , established a new discipline of gender studies : Male Studies .
Male Studies differs from the already existing discipline of Men ’s Studies in that it is devoted to studying the “ male as male , ” as opposed to the “ male as Easter Bunny ” or whatever Men ’s Studies is passing off as scholarly research nowadays .
Also , Male Studies really fucking resents Women ’s Studies .
Cage match , anyone ?
2. Sady Doyle of Tiger Beatdown , the preeminent scholar in the field of Lady Business Studies , invited some men to talk about their experiences for once .
Sady ’s Visions of Manliness series ( see A , B , and C ) has addressed stuff like the simultaneous marginalization and privilege of trans men , ironically homophobic sports blogging , and how deeply Valentine ’s Day truly blows .
Strangely , none of the posts are about how feminists have stolen their male identity , trampled upon their masculine phenomenon , and overall been super mean .
In other words , this is total Men ’s Studies shit .
In this edition of Sexist Beatdown , Sady and I YELL ABOUT THESE THINGS AND ALSO bell hooks SO JOIN US !
SADY : hello , Fellow Lady Person !
AMANDA : Why hello !
I am prepared to speak about the experiences of . . .
Men People .
SADY : About which I know , I will tell you , not a whole lot !
Like , I have known Men People throughout my lifetime .
Sometimes in the sense that they are related to me !
Or friends !
Or I have known them BIBLICALLY !
But also , like , pursuant to the Liz Lemonism critique of Times Past , I feel like I am privileged in 99 % of the ways that people can be privileged on this our planet Earth .
And it frustrates me — and has been a schism in The Feminist History — that , as a lady who is so very fucking privileged , I ’m allowed to concentrate so much on my own Oppression By The Man and not notice that some of The Men are going through their own bullshit .
AMANDA : Right .
In the Oppression Olympics , I would not qualify for the finals .
I would be disqualified in the first heat .
I also am really no good with sports metaphors !
SADY : Well , The Man has staked his claim in those .
BASICALLY WE NEED TO TAKE THE QUARTERBACK OF DISCOURSE TO THE GOAL NET OF DISCUSSION TO SCORE A HOME RUN HAT TRICK OF ANTI - OPPRESSION THEORY !
Is my understanding .
AMANDA : I plan on blaming all of my deficiencies in forming metaphors , drawing conclusions , and overall making sense on my Oppression today .
For the record .
SADY : I intuitively understand you , due to my woman ’s intuition .
But , like , this is a long - standing Beef within the feminist community , in fact .
Like , bell hooks covered it along with approximately everybody else .
AMANDA : Yeah , I mean , a distinction must be made between men and The Man .
SADY : Right .
We oversimplify .
And a ton of feminists have needed to clarify that “ when we say ‘ men , ’ we mean the Platonic ideal of ‘ men ! ’
The way ‘ men ’ are encouraged to behave and act and such ! ”
And as a person who types the words ‘ dudes ’ and ‘ men ’ a lot , I am sympathetic .
Because we DO need a word to denote all that junk .
But , to revisit bell hooks for JUST A SECOND , here is how that works out in practice :
Some white feminist ladies walk up to some ladies of color , and are like “ join the cause , sister ! ”
And the ladies of color are like , “ sure , I ’ve experienced sexism , let ’s go .
On the way , can we talk about how you white ladies are enacting some bullshit that hurts me and also the men in my community ? ”
And then the white ladies are like , “ YOU ARE SO MALE - IDENTIFIED .
WHY CAN ’T YOU JOIN OUR GLORIOUS SISTERHOOD AND IDENTIFY AS A WOMAN FIRST . ”
AMANDA : Allow me to flip that dynamic around for a second , as I think the distinction between “ Men ’s Studies ” and the totally brand new discipline of “ Male Studies ” helps to illustrate that point .
So , “ Male Studies ” just had its first conference on Wednesday , to declare “ Male Studies ” a thing , even though “ Men ’s Studies ” already exists and is welcoming of all who study men and masculinity .
And the reason “ Male Studies ” has decided to branch off from “ Men ’s Studies ” is that Men ’s studies thinks too much about Women ’s Studies .
SADY : Oh , dear .
AMANDA : When there is just no reason to segregate these two studies , of course .
SADY : Well , unless you want to teach an entire seminar on barbecue grilling !
AMANDA : And I think feminism suffers from the impulse to segregate the experiences of people and treat our cultural systems ( patriarchy , masculinity , femininity , race , class ) as separate fields , and I think my work often suffers from that distinction , actually .
SADY : Well , I mean , to be honest , mine does , too .
Mostly due to my vast narcissism , and the fact that I write mostly about my own experiences !
AMANDA : Right .
SADY : You could run over my foot with a shopping cart at the Costco , and I ’d write this very ideological post that was like , “ SHOPPING CART PRIVILEGE : Does It Lead You To Run Over My Foot , and Are You A Monster ?
Yes . ”
AMANDA : But it ’s a very tricky thing to attempt to write about the experiences of others , and that ’s why your masculinity series is so great !
TIGER BEATDOWN PLUG !
SADY : Which is why I try to bring other people into the discussion .
AMANDA : But what about , in addition to bringing in these voices , also writing about issues that do n’t directly affect us and which we can’t talk about from personal experience ?
I think it ’s important to do that too , but I think it ’s a lot trickier .
SADY : Right .
And also , you have to be open to getting yelled at !
Is my experience !
AMANDA : Agreed !
SADY : Because there ’s a big difference between “ speaking about these things that do not affect me directly ” and “ speaking FOR these people who are having these experiences because I am A GENIUS and get your experience way better than you do . ”
But , like , it is easy to cross the line ?
AMANDA : Yeah .
It is .
And that ’s where the productive yelling comes in .
SADY : So you have to be a good listener , ESPECIALLY when people are yelling .
AMANDA : But , so , then I also sometimes get yelled at if I write about how something affects men ?
I get the “ O but what about the menz !!!!! ” comments .
I do n’t know why it ’s written like an Internet cat is saying it , but it is .
Even though I write about women a whole lot !
SADY : They are all basically internet cats , those dudes , though .
Like , if you write a post about Vajazzling , to use a totally fictional example , and people are like , “ did you know some dudes get CIRCUMSIZED ???
Monstrous !
Your vagina post has inspired me to talk about the ill fates of penises , instead , and at length ! ’
Like , at a certain point , the “ WHAT ABOUT ME ” posts from dudes are just blatantly obnoxious , and blatantly intended to keep women from writing about their OWN experiences of manliness , ill or well .
AMANDA : Yeah .
I have a good friend who is hurt that I do n’t write on the expectations on men to move furniture for girls .
SADY : OH MY GOD .
OPPRESSION !
I too am disappointed that you have not covered this topic Amanda !
Also : Being asked to open pickle jars .
WORSE THAN DEATH ???
AMANDA : Well I ’m waiting to roll out my big investigative series .
On the possible lingering lower back problems .
SADY : “ Once I Had To Carry Your Books Up Some Stairs : A Post About Traumatic Experiences , By A Dude . ”
AMANDA : But , I write about a lot of really minor shit that women are expected to do and about how these very little things are reminders of society ’s expectations of men and women .
And a lot of times men get really pissed when I do that , too !
For it is annoying to be forced to think about .
SADY : Right .
I mean , here ’s the thing : I ’m a lady who gets called out on my privilege .
A lot .
As I see it , my job description is : Write about lady stuff , try to remember not all ladies have exactly the same life as I do , listen when ladies with different lives are like “ uh , you missed something . ”
So the plague of dudes on the Internet who are like , “ WHAT DO YOU MEAN LADIES EXPERIENCE THINGS DIFFERENTLY THAN I DO , SOMETIMES NOT WELL ?!???! ”
Like : I try to listen to people EVERY SINGLE DAY , dude , and I have n’t actually had an aneurysm and died yet , so maybe it ’s not actually that fucking hard .
You know ?
The Internet is not a thousand little knives stabbing you in the face .
The Internet is some people talking .
In conclusion , calm down .
AMANDA : Yeah .
And that ’s when things get tough , for me , when we start talking about the experiences of men like that .
Because it ’s so obvious how our culture is constructed to make guys like that never have to — - and to actually avoid — - listening to a woman ’s experience , just as it ’s constructed to help white people avoid listening to anyone else , and straight people , and cis people , &c .
SADY : Yeah .
But then you have things like “ Male Studies , ” where “ The male as male will be permitted to appear in all his complexity as new values are being forged and traditional values that have proven the test of time are affirmed . ”
SADY : And I get the feeling those traditional values that have proven the test of time kind of involve OPPRESSING THE VAST MAJORITY OF MALES ???
AMANDA : Yes .
And that traditional man has always been permitted to appear .
It ’s all the other men who have n’t .
But Male Studies cuts them out of the picture when it devotes itself to “ males as males , ” as if we ’re only talking about one very clearly defined and biologically determined type of person .
SADY : Right .
Because “ the male as male ” means cisgendered .
It means straight .
It means white .
It means , like , a lot of shit !
Actually !
As it is commonly employed !
Everybody else , if they can even get recognized as dudes , is treated in the discourse as , “ well , okay , you ’re a dude .
But a SUBSET of dude .
We have trouble imagining you as a character on ‘ Mad Men , ’ so , like , clearly you ’re not a part of the glorious history of The Male As Male to the same extent . ”
But here ’s the thing .
The ominous thing that I always phrase in a manner that brings to mind , like , the James Cameron movie ‘ Aliens . ’
AMANDA : Okay .
SADY : All of those dudes excluded from the discourse of Traditional Old - Fashioned - Swilling Wife - Cheating - On Empowered Non-Chest - Waxing Masculinity ?
And all of the ladies ?
Add it up .
THERE ARE MORE OF US than there are of anyone else .
Which is why we need to start fucking talking to each other more .
AMANDA : This reminds me more of that Beyonce song than Aliens , but I see what you ’re getting at .
SADY : Like , if we start looking at “ masculinity ” as this very exclusive concept that has all of these other concepts and privileges packed into it , then we get to my I Went To Liberal Arts College And Have Simplistic Ideas Place where , like … we can create a discourse without you , substantially , Ultimately Privileged People .
If we can get over our own bullshit and have each others ’ backs , we can do a lot .
And maybe this conversation needs to take place on THOSE terms .
Provided you ’re okay with getting yelled at when you fuck it up .
Also , I have had three beers , because it ’s hot .
THE REVOLUTION WILL NOT BE SOBER !
AMANDA : NO IT WILL NOT .
And I will fight to the death for men to gain the right to drink as much as women do without being labeled irresponsible sluts who deserve whatever is coming to them .
SADY : Yes !
Also , that person who ran over my foot in the Costco : A MONSTER .
I think we need to centralize this issue .
Because that hurt .
AMANDA : Kumbayah !
Photo via George Eastman House
The 2010 Steam client is now live !
The overhaul changes many things about how information is organized on Steam , and makes it easier to do the most important things on the platform , like play games with friends .
We wrote up an overview of what 's new , so definitely check that out so that you do n't miss anything .
As we 've mentioned , the beta testing went well - participants suggested valuable changes and reported lots of bugs for us to squash .
We 're very interested in your thoughts on the new client , so please stop by the forums to tell us what you think .
P.S. This is the first post in the official Steam Blog .
It 's hard for us to believe we 've never had a blog until now .
Anyway , watch this space for thoughts from Steam central .
Coming soon : Mac !
news The Party Do n’t Start Till She Walks In
Avery Timm is famous , and , as it usually goes for internet - forged stardom , the thing that brought that fame about is both altogether banal and totally wonderful .
In December , the twelve - year - old Sarnia girl created her own music video for Ke$ha ’s “ TiK ToK . ”
With glasses that magnified her eyes and wispy brown hair , Avery might in different circumstances — ones where she ’s not lip - syncing in a frenetically edited YouTube video — be mistaken for mousy .
She ’s not entirely sure why that one video of her 242 YouTube uploads got so popular , but it did : it ’s been viewed more than 361,000 times .
“ Probably because it ’s such a popular song , ” she says in an email to Torontoist , “ and I really took my time with this video so it ’s better than some of my older ones . ”
That , she says , and “ it might be because I look different than other people too . ”
Avery was born with a syndrome called CDPX2 ( its full name is chondrodysplasia punctata ) , a very rare form of dwarfism .
Her mom Cassandra lists off what that ’s meant for Avery : “ an extra digit on each hand , poor muscle development and tone , some bone irregularities , skin and hair changes , …cataracts removed at two months old , and a spinal cord compression corrected at nine months of age that was causing even more problems . ”
It also means that Avery often relies on a wheelchair to get around outside of her home .
Predictably , the more visible markers of CDPX2 have led to some mean comments on YouTube .
When she wants to , though , Avery effortlessly dispatches the haters .
Sometimes , she responds directly in the comments to a video ( to a user named “ Sarniagerry IsUgly ” : “ ya know , i honestly do n’t care about your opinion , and , you make an account to troll on me ?
get a life ” ) .
Other times , she responds via videos that we may not be young enough to fully understand .
“ Sometimes it can hurt my feelings , ” she says , “ but only if I ’m feeling really emotional that day .
It does n’t usually bug me though .
It helps that I have so many fans and my family all stick up for me . ”
Right — the fans .
There are lots of them , lots more than there are haters .
Like these guys .
( “ Do n’t stop doing what you ’re doing . ” )
It helps that the “ Tik ToK ” video especially demonstrates more than a little talent on one hand and self - awareness on the other : it ’s good , but it also does n’t seem to take its own goodness too seriously .
Avery started making videos when she was nine , after getting a camera for Christmas .
“ Over time , ” explains Cassandra , “ we found a few free programs that she could use to edit the videos , then came better cameras and better software ” — and Avery found YouTube .
“ I liked watching videos on YouTube and I loved making videos , ” she says , “ so I thought it was a really good chance to do both and maybe get famous and share my videos with the world ! ” “ TiK ToK ” took a couple of days to make in Windows MovieMaker and ManyCam , as Avery worked on continuity .
( “ I had to keep remembering what I was supposed to be wearing and put it back on ! ” )
For Avery , Cassandra says , making videos is “ something creative and fun and an opportunity for her to have an interesting , inexpensive hobby that was not limited by her disability . ”
But , she admits , “ I was a little wary of her wanting to be on YouTube because I know it ’s bigger than big and a lot more people would be likely to see the videos .
I figured she would be trustworthy about following the rules I set out and smart enough to know when to question things that might be concerning . ”
When Avery mentions that she ’s got her family sticking up for her , she means it ; her mom is the one checking the direct messages sent to Avery on YouTube , and mom and kid talk a lot about the internet and Avery ’s place on it .
As Cassandra puts it , they ’re “ making sure [ Avery ] is doing OK with the things people are saying and that nothing is bothering her .
We have regular conversations about what is OK to respond to , what she can and cannot say , and why these rules are important … .
We also have lots of mother - daughter talks about people who say mean things , how they make her feel , and the different ways people can handle those feelings .
I do n’t think those roles will really calm down much since they are just part of being a mom and this is a big part of the social aspect of her life .
It ’s a normal responsibility that I teach her about . ”
In Avery ’s most recent music video , this one for Owl City ’s “ Fireflies , ” she piles tissues onto her bedroom floor .
For most of the song , she ’s wearing a shirt that reads “ I HAVE OED : Obsessive Edward Disorder . ”
Her character ’s enemy : homework .
And there she is , a twelve - year - old girl from one of the quieter cities in southern Ontario who likes making videos , who happens to be pretty good at it , and who is making a lot of people happy because of them , herself included .
Police , Border Guard and IDF troops entered the West Bank settlement of Yitzhar early Thursday and arrested seven residents including three minors .
Police said they had been arrested because they failed to show up for questioning .
Those arrested are suspected , among other things , of disturbing public order .
It is not clear whether the arrests have any connection with recent settlement acts of vengeance against Palestinians , known as " price tag " acts , or with recent settler violence against IDF troops .
West Bank Clashes IDF : Settlers crossed red line , again Hanan Greenberg
Army officials condemn attack on soldier near Yitzhar ; urge settler leaders to contain outlaws IDF : Settlers crossed red line , again
Yitzhar residents claim that the police are extracting a " price tag " policy of their own , and that this week police have been present at the entrance to the settlement distributing fines for petty vehicle - related offences .
Yitzhar spokesman Avraham Binyamin , who was also questioned by police , told Ynet that at about 4:30 am the security forces dragged him out of bed because , they said , he had failed to respond to three orders sent by post that he present himself for questioning .
" It 's just a police plot , " he said .
" There were no such orders .
There are many ways to arrest someone , it does n't have to be done in the dead of night . "
Last week the IDF reported that settlers from Yitzhar beat a soldier , lightly wounding him .
The IDF also said that settlers threw stones at troops and punctured the tires of an army vehicle .
The clashes between the IDF and the settlers broke out after the army issued a closed military zone order to prevent the settlers from having access to the Palestinian town of Madma , south of Nablus .
The IDF said , " Violence against soldiers cannot be tolerated , especially on the day Israel celebrates its independence .
This intolerable and aberrant behavior will be handled according to the law and with the necessary resolve . "
A police spokesman said following the clashes a young man had been arrested after being seen slashing the tires of a military vehicle , and was taken for questioning .
Is there an utility that can test the speed between my pc and the wireless access point i am connected to ?
To clarify why i need to know this .
My isp is providing me with a speed of 20 mbs .
Now if my access point can sustain that speed then it 's all fine .
If not then i have a bottleneck , i need to know
What the Population Strategy should do
I ’m not surprised the Prime Minister has appointed a Minister for Population now that Australia is projected to accommodate 35 million people in 40 years time .
This is turning into a hot political issue .
For example , it seems like every third comment on The Age website related to the Project Melbourne series is about population .
A surprisingly large number of people think Melbourne is already too big and that issues like traffic congestion will be exacerbated by further growth .
The new Minister , Tony Burke , is charged with preparing a Population Strategy .
Let ’s hope it will be much more than just a political response .
Here ’s what I think Mr Burke has to do .
He needs to build a consensus around a desirable level of population growth .
He and the PM must be able to ‘ sell ’ a level that in net terms is good for both us and future generations in economic , social and environmental terms ( and probably foreign policy terms too ) .
That ’s the main mission .
Then the Strategy will need to win support on how to go about delivering this level of population growth .
More particularly , the Minister will need to examine five key areas :
Growth from natural increase
Growth from migration
Geographical distribution of growth
Infrastructure required to support growth ( including financing )
Implications of growth for policy
It ’s hard to see how an effective Strategy could avoid redefining immigration policy in crucial areas such as the appropriate level of migration , the geographical origin of migrants and skill requirements ( although by keeping the Immigration portfolio separate , the PM probably hopes otherwise ) .
It would be desirable however to set this task within the context of policy aimed at increasing the fertility of the existing Australian population .
Given recent discussion of proposals for paid parental leave perhaps there is more scope here than is usually assumed .
The geographical distribution of growth could potentially be a disaster if it is presumed that Government can easily direct growth to preferred locations such as smaller cities and regional areas .
I ’ve previously written about some of the potential pitfalls of attempting to decentralise population growth .
Regional areas have to be underpinned by some organic economic force such as a minerals or tourism industry – a successful regional community ca n’t be built just on the basis of population .
Equally , there are other pitfalls in the idea that our major cities are necessarily too big already .
There are many cities in the world that are larger than Sydney and Melbourne .
Some of them seem to be very desirable places judging by the number of people who want to live in them .
There is also ample evidence that that the productivity of cities increases with size .
And big cities provide economies of scale in reducing the impact of population growth on the environment e.g. public transport .
One of the key things that I ’d like to see come out of the Strategy is a broader understanding that many of the ‘ costs ’ of growth like traffic congestion , overcrowded public transport and water shortages are risks – not inevitabilities .
There will be an enormous challenge in providing and financing the infrastructure required to support growth in our cities , but there ’s no lack of technical solutions to issues like energy , water and transport .
As ever , the main problems will be political .
I have some views on what our priorities should be in equipping Melbourne to accommodate growth and I ’ll post something shortly on that score .
Estimating the infrastructure required to accommodate growth and how to finance it will be hard enough , but identifying the impact of population growth in important areas like social cohesion and housing affordability , and articulating appropriate policy responses , will probably be much more difficult , both technically and politically .
It ’s hard to overstate just how many other policy areas will be affected by how fast and far we grow .
The Prime Minister has made the right call in deciding to develop a national population policy .
This could be the most important and far - reaching initiative his Government takes .
-37.781700 145.039432
JEFFERSON CITY , Mo. — A central Missouri convenience store clerk with $ 28.96 in his bank account and a stack of utility bills to pay came forward Thursday as the winner of a $ 258 million Powerball jackpot .
Chris Shaw , 29 , said he plans to use the winnings to pay off the $ 1,000 he owes a friend for a truck he recently bought , catch up on his utility bills , see a dentist about getting his two missing front teeth replaced , and take his three children and his girlfriend 's two children to Walt Disney World in Florida .
" We did n't come from money .
For us it 's just going to be a huge relief to know I 'm going to be able to pay my electric bill , my gas bill , " Shaw told the Associated Press .
" It 's like a weight lifted .
I had bills at home I did n't know how they were going to be paid . "
Shaw said he bought the $ 5 ticket Wednesday at the Break Time convenience store where he works in Marshall , about 80 miles east of Kansas City .
The tattooed father of three accepted his ceremonial check at the Missouri Lottery headquarters in Jefferson City wearing a tan and red plaid shirt , a red hat and a huge grin .
" That amount of money to me is like a fairy tale , " Shaw said .
" I 'm just a regular guy working paycheck to paycheck ... well not any more . "
Shaw had been working at the convenience store for just three weeks when he decided to buy the Powerball ticket , cigarettes and a soda at the end of his shift Wednesday .
" We had been kidding each other all day about winning it , but no one actually thinks they will win , " Shaw said .
The $ 258.5 million jackpot is the 10th - biggest Powerball jackpot ever .
The winning numbers were 11-34-41-49-55 , Powerball 20 .
The Power Play number was 2 .
Shaw said he will seek advice " from people who know about money " before deciding whether to take the jackpot in 30 payments over 29 years or the lump - sum amount of $ 124,875,122 .
He also said he needed a few days before deciding whether he will continue working his minimum - wage job .
Shaw -- who has a 10 - year - old son , a 7 - year - old girl and a 5 - year - old girl by two different women -- said he had played Missouri Scratchers lottery tickets before , winning at most $ 80 .
He checked his Powerball ticket against the state lottery 's website only after his girlfriend , Tosha Ewry , told him the winning ticket was bought at the store where he works .
Shaw said his children already have been asking for new skateboards , bicycles and " just stuff that 's really hard to do when you make $ 7.25 an hour . "
He said he looks forward to spending more time with his kids , who live with their mothers about 240 miles southeast of him in his hometown of Alton , as well as with his girlfriend 's children -- 13 - year - old and 15 - year - old boys he says he considers his own .
" I can be with them as much as I want now , " Shaw said .
Jackie Maxwell , general manager of the Missouri - based Break Time convenience store chain , was at the store doing a telephone interview with The Associated Press when Shaw walked in and announced he had won .
" This is just absolutely amazing , " Maxwell said as cheering erupted in the background .
" I 'm so excited for him .
I 'm thrilled for him . "
Break
Time will receive $ 50,000 for selling the winning ticket .
If Shaw takes a lump - sum payment , the state income taxes due on the winnings would be about $ 6 million , state budget director Linda Luebbering said .
------
Associated Press Writer Bill Draper in Kansas City contributed to this report .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
( Mental Floss ) --
While reading a story on this site about rare video games , Tanner Sandlin of Austin , Texas , recognized one of the games -- Air Raid for the Atari 2600 .
He found the thirteenth known copy of the game in his garage and put it on eBay .
It sold last Sunday for $ 31,600 , the second - highest price ever paid for a video game .
Sandlin bought the game when he was 11 or 12 years old at a store called Tuesday Morning in Arlington , Texas .
The store bought overstocked or undersold goods from other retailers and sold the items at a discount .
8 very rare and very expensive video games
Sandlin said he paid between $ 5 and $ 10 for Air Raid in the mid-1980s .
This is important because none of the other twelve people who possess Air Raid cartridges were the original owners -- they bought them at auction , secondhand stores , or through private collectors .
Learning a collectible item's " provenance , " or owner history , is key to proving its authenticity .
Since Sandlin was the original owner , his cartridge had more credibility than one found in a box at the local thrift store .
6 more people who accidentally found a fortune
Oddly enough , Sandlin remembered that this much sought after game was n't really all that great .
In fact , the only reason he still had it was because it was so bad .
He and his friends used to borrow games from each other all the time -- sometimes you 'd get your game back , sometimes you would n't , and that was OK .
But no one wanted to keep Air Raid , so it kept coming back to him .
He 's not complaining now .
While it 's impressive that Sandlin had the thirteenth known copy of Air Raid , he also had the original packaging , which changed everything .
Why ?
Because his was the only known Air Raid box in the world , making it the only known complete copy of the game in existence .
But he could n't start counting his fortune just yet .
If you 're willing to pay thousands of dollars for a video game , you 're going to make sure it 's legitimate .
Sandlin knew this , so he went straight to an expert , Albert Yarusso of AtariAge.com , a forum for fans of anything Atari , to get his professional opinion on the authenticity of the find .
The two both live in Austin , so Yarusso met with Sandlin and examined both the game and the box in person .
After some thorough research , Yarusso declared everything was real ( or the most impressive forgery he 'd ever seen ) .
With expert confirmation behind him , Sandlin pulled his stand - alone cartridge auction on eBay and replaced it with the complete game package .
The starting price was $ .50 .
Sandlin's eBay auction ended on April 10 , 2010 at about 10:15 p.m. EST .
With only 5 minutes to go , the highest bid was $ 14,600 .
It sat at this price until the very last few seconds , when it jumped to $ 17,528 , and then made a giant leap to $ 31,500 .
The final bid was $ 31,600 .
This sets a new record price for the game , blowing away the previous record of $ 3,000 .
That also makes it the second - highest price ever paid for a video game cartridge , just behind the $ 43,300 paid for a factory - sealed copy of Stadium Events for the Nintendo back in February .
I asked Sandlin what he intended to do with the money and he was n't quite sure yet .
He did know that he wanted to buy something tangible ; something he could point at it and say , " I bought that with a video game ! "
Now if you 'll excuse me , I have to go look for something in my garage .
Mental Floss :
Lost treasures waiting to be found
For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com
Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC .
All rights reserved .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 April 22
Venus , Mercury , and Moon
Credit & Copyright : Pete Lawrence ( Digital - Astronomy )
Explanation : Earlier this month , Venus and Mercury climbed into the western twilight , entertaining skygazers around planet Earth in a lovely conjunction of evening stars .
Combining 8 images spanning April 4 through April 15 , this composite tracks their progress through skies above Portsmouth , UK .
Each individual image was captured at 19:50 UT .
The sequential path for both bright planets begins low and to the left .
But while Venus continues to swing away from the setting Sun , moving higher above the western horizon , Mercury first rises then falls .
Its highest point is from the image taken on April 11 .
Of course on April 15 , Venus and Mercury were joined by a young crescent Moon .
How to Deal with Complainers — 2 Approaches
People who complain fall into two categories : those who complain because they want help in resolving a problem , and those who complain because they want sympathy .
Often the complainers themselves do n’t understand why they ’re complaining , so it ’s up to you to figure it out for yourself .
The Complainer as Problem Solver
The first category of complainer is easier to deal with .
They have a problem and they sincerely want the problem solved .
The problem may be simple — “ my computer keeps crashing ” — or very complex — “ children are starving in Africa . ”
But this first category of complainer is n’t just looking for sympathy — they honestly want help in solving the problem .
For simple problems you might be able to provide help yourself , or you might know a good resource to provide the assistance the complainer needs .
Once you provide the help or the resource , the complainer stops complaining on that subject , but may move on to complain about something else .
For complex problems it ’s more difficult to provide assistance .
The problem wo n’t be solved with a simple solution , but you might be able to offer some general guidance on first steps toward a solution .
Moving in the right direction often provides relief for the complainer — he or she feels like they ’re on the way toward a solution .
The Complainer as Sympathy Seeker
The second category of complainer is more difficult to deal with .
These people are n’t looking for solutions — they ’re looking for sympathy .
This type of person may feel overwhelmed by certain circumstances and possibly by life in general .
They want to feel that they ’re not alone in their perception of things being the way they are .
They ’re looking for the psychological equivalent of a hug — a sense of sharing that enables them to face the world knowing that no matter how bad the world might be , we ’re all in this together .
Sometimes this second category of complainer can get out of hand .
They complain so much and so loudly that their friends and co-workers begin to tune them out — to ignore their complaints and discount their importance .
The problem is compounded if the complaints are repeated over and over .
The complainer gets a reputation as a negative person , and people begin to avoid the complainer .
If things go this far then intervention may be required .
The complainer must be confronted and told that they need to consciously edit their words or risk losing the respect of their coworkers and friends .
Constant complainers are annoying .
The Non-Complainer
There ’s another type of person who never complains at all .
Some people are naturally optimistic , and they see the good in most situations .
They seldom complain because they see nothing to complain about .
Other non-complainers have learned to work within the system .
They do n’t complain — they act instead .
If they have a problem then they actively try to solve it .
If they want help then they ask for it instead of complaining .
This is usually a more productive route toward problem resolution , and it ’s much less annoying to coworkers and friends .
For this type of person , complaints turn into “ war stories ” — anecdotes shared over dinner or drinks about problems they encountered and how they solved or avoided them .
The war - stories approach gains the same sympathy and comradeship that complainers seek , but without the annoying negative side effects .
The key difference between a complaint and a war story is that a war story has a resolution while a complaint is open - ended and leaves the audience with unresolved tension and stress .
War stories are appreciated when shared among a group , especially if they ’re told in a funny way .
But care must be taken to avoid telling the same war stories over and over ; repetition destroys the value of the story .
A Memorable Complainer
Many years ago I had an employee , Steve , who constantly complained about everything .
Some of the complaints were problems that could be solved .
But most of the complaints were general comments on his work environment that were n’t problems to anyone else .
Steve had an overly sensitive sense of “ the way things ought to be , ” and anything that did n’t live up to his standards resulted in an immediate complaint to me as his boss as well as to his co-workers .
I tolerated Steve because he was good at his work , but he was definitely high maintenance .
I tried to help Steve see that his volume of complaints was inappropriate , and I counseled him on a combination of acceptance and quiet problem - solving .
This seemed to help , but not enough .
Steve eventually got fed up with what he considered an unacceptable work environment , and he left to join another company .
But he soon discovered that the other company was much worse , and his new boss was less tolerant of Steve ’s complaining behavior .
Steve sheepishly returned to me asking for his old job back , and I consented .
If Steve had been less good at his job then I would have never taken him back .
You can only deal with so many high maintenance employees at a time .
Conclusion
Everyone is different .
All of us have good personality traits and bad ones .
Complaining is a behavior that can come across as annoying to most people , so if you ’re a complainer then you should make an effort to change .
Changing does n’t mean that you have any fewer problems — it just means that you try to be more positive , that you try to make requests instead of complaints , and that you ’re selective about the problems you take to other people .
And if you ’re on the receiving end of constant complaints , then try to refocus the complainer on a more appropriate behavior .
Show the complainer this article , and maybe he or she will get the message .
But above all , try to be sympathetic .
Sympathy is what most complainers are really trying to get , so give it to them once in a while .
The controversy over the digital economy bill .
Plus , Bebo on the brink ; Rupert Murdoch goes after Google ( again ) ; and the Sony Awards shortlist
Matt Wells is joined by Maggie Brown and Steve Ackerman from Somethin ' Else for this week 's Media Talk podcast .
We begin in Westminster with the digital economy bill .
Two years in the making , but passed after just two hours of debate in the House of Commons as part of the parliamentary wash - up - we pick apart this scandalous and wide - ranging piece of legislation .
Labour MP
Tom Watson tells us why he voted against the government .
Be advised , though , that his phone died before we could get onto anything too juicy .
That 's showbusiness for you ( and politics ) .
Also in the podcast , Bebo gets the bullet as AOL declares it willl shut down or sell its failing social networking site .
Jemima
Kiss tells us where it all went wrong .
Plus , Rupert Murdoch 's gone ga - ga over Google - again .
We ask whether the News Corp chief has finally lost it after he vented further spleen over the free web , and declared the iPad the saviour of newspapers .
Finally , we give our verdict on Matt Smith as the new Doctor Who , and peer at the nominees for this year 's Sony Awards – including this very podcast ( we 're very flattered ) .
Post your feedback on the blog below , and find us on Facebook , iTunes , and Twitter ( but sadly not Bebo ) .
The White House escalated its response Thursday to the growing oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , and a local official said the massive slick is projected to reach the Louisiana coast late Thursday .
In an afternoon appearance in the Rose Garden , President Barack Obama promised to use " every single available resource " of government to help with the spill , which could be one of the largest in U.S. history .
The U.S. military began mobilizing for what could be a major effort to prevent environmental damage to Louisiana and other ...
This Dove deodorant commercial , sent in by Emma H. , is a nice , simple example of how women are taught that certain feminine performances are required .
In the commercial , the woman wants to wear a sleeveless dress .
Her comment is followed by the following text :
Emphasis on “ has ” and “ of course , ” of course .
Watch it :
This is the same Dove , of course , that markets itself with the “ real beauty ” campaign and is owned by the same company as Axe .
Slave Leia Splashdown ! - Star Wars Charity Car Wash
Now here 's a trend that needs to catch on - and quickly .
For a small price , a harem of Slave Leias acted extra slutty with each other , and may have even washed your car , if the below video is to be believed .
The event benefited the Make - a - Wish Foundation and men throughout the world .
I feel very dirty right now .
Oops , I mean my car is very dirty right now .
Worthington tested for the James Bond role prior to Daniel Craig 's casting Avatar actor Sam Worthington has been tipped to become the next 007 in the wake of news that the 23rd Bond film has been placed on indefinite hold .
Bookmaker William
Hill has made the 33 - year - old 5/ 2 favourite to take over the role should Daniel Craig not return for his third instalment in the series .
British actor Christian Bale is 7/1 to take on the highly coveted role - as is Hollywood star Will Smith .
However Craig , 42 , is expected to return as Bond for another film .
Previous hiatuses in production have led to the role of Ian Fleming 's iconic spy being recast .
A six - year gap between 1989 and 1995 saw the departure of one Bond - Welsh actor Timothy Dalton - and the installation of another - Irish - born Pierce Brosnan .
We are very optimistic Bond will be back and we look forward to that
Mark Batey , Chief Executive
Film Distributors ' Association
A four - year break between 2002 and 2006 , meanwhile , saw Brosnan leave the series and Craig take over .
Continued uncertainty over the future of the MGM studio prompted Bond producers Michael G Wilson and Barbara Broccoli to announce that work on the as - yet - untitled new film would halt .
" Due to the continuing uncertainty surrounding the future of MGM ... we have suspended development on Bond 23 indefinitely , " the pair said on Tuesday .
Craig said he had " every confidence " in the decision and was looking forward to production resuming " as quickly as possible " .
Some are speculating , though , that Craig , Wilson and Broccoli will use the break to collaborate on another project .
Broccoli , daughter of long - time Bond producer Albert ' Cubby ' Broccoli , is known to have purchased the film rights to A Steady Rain , the Broadway play Craig appeared in with X - Men star Hugh Jackman last year .
If made , the film would be the first non-Bond film made by the Eon production company since Bob Hope comedy Call Me Bwana in 1963 .
On Wednesday , an Eon spokeswoman refused to comment on the speculation .
Broccoli ( l ) and Wilson ( r ) are the producers of the James Bond films Born in the UK but raised from an early age in Australia , Worthington can currently be seen in the remake of fantasy epic Clash of the Titans .
The actor did a screen test for Casino Royale , the 21st official Bond movie , but eventually lost out to Craig .
At a launch event on Tuesday for a trailer promoting this summer 's film releases , Mark Batey of the Film Distributors ' Association said the Bond films were " the backbone of British cinema " .
" The prospect of not having a picture in next year 's schedule obviously does raise eyebrows , " he told the BBC News website .
" But we are very optimistic Bond will be back and we look forward to that . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Summary : Complex systems are usually difficult to design and control .
There are several particular methods for coping with complexity , but there is no general approach to build complex systems .
In this book I propose a methodology to aid engineers in the design and control of complex systems .
This is based on the description of systems as self - organizing .
Starting from the agent metaphor , the methodology proposes a conceptual framework and a series of steps to follow to find proper mechanisms that will promote elements to find solutions by actively interacting among themselves .
A general introduction to complex thinking is given , while practical notions of complexity and self - organization are put forward .
To illustrate the methodology , I present three case studies .
Self - organizing traffic light controllers are proposed and studied with multi-agent simulations , outperforming traditional methods .
Methods for improving communication within self - organizing bureaucracies are advanced .
Finally , requirements for self - organizing artifacts in an ambient intelligence scenario are discussed .
Philosophical implications of the conceptual framework are also put forward .
My thesis was just published by LAP .
This might be useful for anybody wanting a hardcopy of it .
If you prefer printing it or reading electronically , it is still available here
All at sea : Family struggle in vain to rescue car they parked on the beach ... forgetting about the tide
This is the moment an embarrassed family struggled in vain to pull their water - logged car from the sea after it was engulfed by the high tide .
The family were on their way to a holiday in Pontins in Brean when they decided to pull over and test out their jet ski at Burnham - on - Sea in Somerset .
But , after parking their Ford Mondeo estate on the sand , they clearly never expected the tide would come in and sweep their vehicle away .
A family from Wolverhampton , who did not want to be identified , struggle to rescue their car as it is swept away into the ocean at Burnham - On - Sea , Somerset
As the family tried their best to rescue the car from the sea , it sank deeper into the soft sand and mud , while the water lapped around it .
Crowds began to gather as the father desperately struggled to retrieve the family 's belongings from inside the car .
But the rescue attempt proved unsuccessful , and the car was swept out to sea yesterday afternoon .
Coastguards and a rescue charity were dispatched at around 6 pm to the coastline , which has the second highest tidal rise and fall in the world .
Rescuers had to wait 90 minutes for the tide to go down before a Burnham Area Rescue Boat ( Barb ) tractor could tow the car to shore .
A tractor from the Burnham Area Rescue Boat pulls the Ford Mondeo out of the sea .
The car was written off
Mark Newman , chairman of Barb , said : ' We were alerted about 5.45 pm that the family had struggled to move the vehicle .
' Unfortunately the call came in too late to pull them out .
We were able to ensure that the family were safe .
' Fortunately the family managed to scramble away from the vehicle .
' There was a very fast incoming tide and there was a bit of a race against time .
They managed to salvage their suitcases and holiday gear but unfortunately the vehicle could n't be saved .
' The family were pretty distressed and shaken .
One of our crew drove them onto Pontins , but the car appeared to have been written off .
' Salt does n't mix well with cars . '
It has happened before : A Land Rover Freelander disappearing into thick mud in Burnham - on - Sea , Somerset , in 2006
Lost out :
The owners watched in horror as their £ 20,000 vehicle began sinking into the notoriously thick mud on Berrow Beach
The family , who did not want to be identified , made a donation to Barb in return for their rescue .
Several West Midland families are involved in dramas every year along the Somerset coast , which also includes Weston - super - Mare .
Mr Newman added : ' The Bristol Channel estuary does come in very quickly and we see this kind of incident frequently .
' This area is notorious for it .
We get about 12 to 15 incidents like this each year .
PICTURE SPECIAL : Wayne Rooney , Steven Gerrard , Cesc Fabregas , Harry Redknapp , Didier Drogba and 40 other Premier League stars draw themselves for charity
Most people thought Wayne Rooney 's artistry was confined to the football pitch .
But now another side to the Manchester United striker 's colourful character has emerged .
Along with more than 40 other Premier League stars , including Didier Drogba , Steven Gerrard and Cesc Fabregas , Rooney has sketched a self - portrait for a book to be auctioned for charity .
Luka Modric Brede Hangeland Tim Cahill Steven Pienaar
Roberto Martinez Jermaine Jenas Robert Green Steven Gerrard
Sylvain Distin Robin van Persie Cesc Fabregas Alex McLeish
And experts believe the striking image suggests a hidden ' sensuality ' in the 24 - year - old .
Professional graphologist Emma Bache , who was asked to interpret the drawings by the Premier League , said : ' His art might not be something he 's well known for but the way he 's done his face is Picasso - esque .
Looking at his picture , it has a very large head and prominent eyes and mouth .
Interestingly , he has used a blue pen for his eyes and a red pen for his mouth , the latter suggesting a sensuality . '
Rooney was one of the few footballers to add colour to his work .
Arsenal 's Theo Walcott opted for a simple stick - man approach , while Liverpool 's Gerrard 's drawing was notable for its ' disproportionately ' long neck .
Paul Robinson Michael Owen Nigel de Jong David James
John Carew Didier Drogba Daniel Gabbidon Rio Ferdinand
Ryan Giggs Nwankwo Kanu Jason Roberts Salomon Kalou
Fabregas , the Arsenal midfielder , produced a spiky - haired character and Portsmouth 's David James - one of the few footballers known for his drawing skills - intriguingly added a question mark above his scrawled self - portrait .
Ms Bache also analysed the work of Gerrard , Ryan Giggs , Walcott and Drogba .
She said of Gerrard 's piece : ' This is quite a big figure with a disproportionately long neck , it 's almost as if he wants to peer over a wall , he wants to see what 's going on all the time and he 's very much an observer and a larger than life character . '
Marcus Hahnemann Rafa Benitez Wayne Rooney Theo Walcott
Carlo Ancelotti Harry Redknapp Ricardo Carvalho Mark Noble
Damien Duff Richard Dunne Deco
Giggs is ' someone who wants to get on with things and is not interested in the past ' , Walcott ' knows where he is going and is determined to get to the top ' and Drogba is ' honest , open and smiling ' with ' nothing to hide .
The leather - bound book will be auctioned on Monday in aid of the charity Nordoff Robbins , which delivers music therapy services .
The book was assembled by Premier League World - a Premier League show broadcast to fans in 211 territories across the globe .
Other football personalities featured include Rio Ferdinand , Michael Owen , Carlo Ancelotti , Robin van Persie , Carlos Tevez and Harry Redknapp .
The invitation - only auction will be held in central London on Monday .
Online bids can be placed at http://www.nordoff-robbins.org.uk
by ·
In Day 2 we learn some of the negative effects of not drinking enough water .
Though we mentioned them a little bit in Day 1 , Day 2 goes into more detail about what actually happens .
Basically , it is explained that when our bodies do n’t get the proper amount of water that they need to function , they go into a “ rationing ” mode .
Our bodies are smartly designed because they then prioritize which organs should be chosen to receive the limited amount of water .
According to Colbert , when the body is low on water it will first supply these 5 vital organs …
Brain Heart Lungs Liver Kidneys
While this is great that our bodies do this for us , the downside is that many of the other non-vital organs are suffering .
Health benefits of drinking enough water each day
According to F. Batmanghelidj MD in Water for Health , for Healing , for Life being properly hydrated has many wonderful benefits …
Since water is the primary lubricant in the joint spaces , it helps prevent arthritis and back pain .
Water increases the efficiency of the immune system .
It prevents the clogging of arteries in the heart and brain , and helps reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke .
Water can prevent ADD and improves our attention span .
It helps prevent memory loss , Alzheimer ’s disease , multiple sclerosis , Parkinson ’s disease , Lou Gehrig ’s disease .
Water reduces the effects of aging , making our skin smoother and a better luster .
Health conditions that are amplified by dehydration
If our bodies are n’t getting the proper amounts of water , they try to warn us with unpleasant symptoms .
These are some clues that you may be dehydrated …
Joint Pain and Arthritis
High Blood Pressure
Digestion Problems
Asthma
Headaches
Dry Skin
Allergies
Heartburn
So how much water should you drink every day to prevent this ?
In Day 1 , it mentions that our bodies lose about 2 quarts of water a day through perspiration , urination , and exhalation .
So if we are n’t drinking at least 2 quarts , we are probably putting our bodies in a dehydrated state .
2 quarts is equivalent to the standard recommendation of drinking 8 , 8 oz glasses of water each day .
Colbert actually recommends drinking 2 - 3 quarts of filtered , preferably alkaline , water each day .
For those of you trying to figure out how much 2 - 3 quarts is …
2 Quarts 3 Quarts Gallon 0.5 0.75 Litre 1.8926 2.8389 Pint 4 6 Cup 8 12 Ounce 64 96
This article is part of the 50 Day Health Challenge from Don Colbert ’s Seven Pillars of Health .
Comments
CARACAS — China has promised to lend $ 20 billion to Venezuela , the country 's President Hugo Chávez said over the weekend , underscoring the Asian giant 's push to deepen ties to oil - rich nations in the developing world .
The credit — which Mr. Chávez said ranks among China 's biggest foreign loans ever — shows the growing importance of oil in China 's energy mix , and the lengths the fast - growing nation is willing to go to secure it .
Once a net oil exporter , China is now the world 's third biggest oil importer .
Mr ....
Profile : India 's Maoist rebels Published duration 4 March 2011
image caption
One of the key demands of the rebels is land redistribution
India 's bloody Maoist insurgency began in the remote forests of the state of West Bengal in the late 1960s .
Several decades later it had become , in the words of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , India 's " greatest internal security challenge " .
Maoists are also known as " Naxalites " because of the violent left - wing uprising in 1967 , which began in the West Bengal village of Naxalbari .
Although this was eventually quashed by police , over the years India 's Maoists have regrouped and asserted control over vast swathes of land in central and eastern India , establishing a so - called " red corridor " .
This spans the states of Jharkand , West Bengal , Orissa , Bihar , Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh and also reaches into Uttar Pradesh , and Karnataka .
The Maoists and affiliated groups are active in more than a third of India 's 600 - odd districts , the authorities say .
And more than 6,000 people have died in the rebels ' long fight for communist rule in these states .
Maoist aims
The Maoists ' military leader is Koteshwar Rao , otherwise known as Kishenji .
He reportedly suffered temporary paralysis in June 2010 when a police bullet hit him in the knee .
Normally a regular communicator with the press , Kishenji was little heard of until January 2011 when he issued a statement saying he expected India to succumb to a Maoist revolution by 2025 .
Latest estimates suggest he commandes at least 20,000 armed fighters .
They are said to get most of their weapons by raiding police bases .
Analysts say the longevity of the Maoist rebellion is partly due to the local support they receive .
The rebels say they are fighting for the rights of indigenous tribespeople and the rural poor who they say have been neglected by governments for decades .
Maoists claim to represent local concerns over land ownership and equitable distribution of resources .
Ultimately they say they want to establish a " communist society " by overthrowing India 's " semi-colonial , semi- feudal " form of rule through armed struggle .
The BBC's Subir Bhaumik in Calcutta says that while there is little prospect of them making any headway in urban areas - or indeed non-jungle rural areas - the rebels remain a force to be reckoned with in remote areas where the security forces are thin on the ground .
Our correspondent says the key question now is whether to deploy the army against the rebels in the same way it has been used in Indian - administered Kashmir and some north - eastern states .
Such a move would be highly controversial , because it would inevitably been seen by some critics as evidence that the rebels are making headway in what is seen by some as " mainland India " .
Major rebel attacks
Over the years the Maoists have managed to launch a series of damaging attacks on Indian security forces .
image caption
The government has launched several major offensives against the rebels
In 2009 , rebels gained virtual control of Lalgarh district in West Bengal barely 250 km ( 155 miles ) from the state capital , Calcutta .
For many months , rebels , supported by local villagers , held hundreds of paramilitary forces at bay .
The Maoists declared it to be India 's first " liberated zone " but Indian security forces finally overwhelmed the rebels .
April 2010 saw rebels ambush paramilitary troops in the dense jungles of central Chhattisgarh state , killing at least 76 soldiers .
Correspondents say it was the worst - ever Maoist attack on Indian security forces .
In 2007 , also in Chhattisgarh , Maoist rebels killed 55 policemen in an attack on a remote police outpost .
Almost every week , Maoist rebels are blamed for minor skirmishes and incidents across India 's north - east - common tactics include blowing up railway tracks and attacking police stations .
In 2010 , the Maoists faced India 's biggest ever anti-Maoist offensive .
Nearly 50,000 federal paramilitary troops and tens of thousands of policemen took part in the operation across several states .
While the rebels were pushed back deep into their jungle strongholds , they have continued to carry out hit - and - run attacks and numerous high - profile kidnappings .
India 's government in turn has pledged to crack down even harder unless rebels renounce violence and enter peace talks .
At the same time there have been differences not just within the central government over how to tackle the rebellion , but also between Delhi and various Indian states affected by the insurgency .
Experts say that disagreements over whether to deploy the army against the rebels is a manifestation of these tensions .
KABUL , Afghanistan — American and NATO troops firing from passing convoys and military checkpoints have killed 30 Afghans and wounded 80 others since last summer , but in no instance did the victims prove to be a danger to troops , according to military officials in Kabul .
“ We have shot an amazing number of people , but to my knowledge , none has ever proven to be a threat , ” said Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , who became the senior American and NATO commander in Afghanistan last year .
His comments came during a recent videoconference to answer questions from troops in the field about civilian casualties .
Though fewer in number than deaths from airstrikes and Special Forces operations , such shootings have not dropped off , despite new rules from General McChrystal seeking to reduce the killing of innocents .
The persistence of deadly convoy and checkpoint shootings has led to growing resentment among Afghans fearful of Western troops and angry at what they see as the impunity with which the troops operate — a friction that has turned villages firmly against the occupation .
Failure to reduce checkpoint and convoy shootings , known in the military as “ escalation of force ” episodes , has emerged as a major frustration for military commanders who believe that civilian casualties deeply undermine the American and NATO campaign in Afghanistan .
( Recent Entries ) ( Archive ) ( Friends ) ( Profile ) ( Crisper Than Thou )
03:57 pm - Stranger at the Gate
Junior come runnin ' in from the yard an ' I knew somethin ' was up .
" Papa ! " he shouted , all outta breath - like .
" There 's a stranger out on th'road .
He sure is dressed funny ! "
I sighed an ' got my gun from offa the mantle an ' headed out to the gate .
Sure enough , there was a tall fella , all neat an ' trimmed an ' dressed all shiny suit - like .
He did n't look no different from you or me , not really , other than the clothes and the dumb - bunny expression on his face as he was lookin ' all around - like .
Like , all a -wonderment .
As I come up , he turned quickly to focus .
" Hello ! " he said , extendin ' a hand t'shake .
I did n't take it , on account of I do n't shake hands with no stranger until I have reason to believe they ain't trouble .
Also on account of I already had my hands fulla gun .
Not brandished or nothin ' , just , y'know , crooked in the arm an ' ready if need be .
After an awkward moment , he pulled his hand back .
" Mornin ' , " I said , for so it was .
" Can I do you fer somethin' ? "
The momentary lag in his smile come back somethin ' fierce .
" How quaint ! " he said excitedly .
" How long have you all been out here ?
We had no idea there was anyone this far beyond the perimeter ! "
I scowled at him .
" Well , now , this particular - here farm was started by my grandpa .
But it ai n't fer sale , if that 's what you 're buildin ' up to . "
The stranger looked confused .
" Sale … ? "
His eyes flicked around for a moment as if he was lookin ' at gnats near his face that only he could see .
Then the confusion were replaced by somethin ' like amusement .
" Oh !
A transactional exchange moderated through the use of currency .
Ha !
What a lovely idea .
No , sir .
My goodness , it 's a good thing we found you all .
It 's amazing that you all have been able to survive so long behind the Interdiction ! "
Junior 's basic curiosity overcome his raisin ' - up an' he spoke without permission .
I 'd have given him a knock to remind but I suspected the larger lesson he was about to learn was more important than a slip - up in manners .
" Interdiction ? " he said .
" What 's that ? "
The stranger hunkered down a bit to be more on Junior 's level .
" Have you ever heard of Earth ? " he asked .
Junior nodded .
" That 's where all good folk go when they pass on , " he said quietly .
" At least , that 's what Mama said . "
The stranger , suddenly a bit more wary , glanced up at me as he continued , indirectly to Junior : " Oh , yeah ?
And what does your Papa say now ? "
I spat on the ground .
" I say , his Ma was a good woman who died too young an ' whatever happens when we pass on is God 's business .
I dunno about all that .
But in this life , Earth is gone an ' best forgotten .
The Bogeys saw to that . "
The stranger nodded slowly as he stood all the way back up .
" Well , actually , you 'll be pleased to know that Earth is alive and well and the Bogeys have finally been defeated .
The war 's been over for years and the Interdiction has been lifted .
Everyone can come home ! "
" What makes you think this ai n't our home ? " I asked him , shiftin ' the weight of the gun a bit .
He looked around at the farm an ' barely suppressed a roll of his eyes .
" I understand that you 've had a few generations invested in this colonial … homestead … but let 's be honest .
It 's unhygienic and unhealthy , difficult and dirty .
You 're scratching in the mud to eke out a few vegetables and …
Back in the Core Worlds , with the Recovery underway , we have everything .
You understand ? "
Junior could n't help himself again .
What can I say , he 's still young .
" What do you mean , you have everythin' ? "
The stranger looked down to him again .
" I mean , nobody wants for anything .
Ever .
Hardly anyone ever gets hurt unless they want to , and when accidents happen , they get fixed up good as new in no time .
I mean , nobody is ever hungry and nobody is ever colder or hotter than they want .
I mean , we have tools to help everyone find the most fulfilling ways to use their time and to connect them with the people they will be most happy around .
I mean , in the Core Worlds there is no crime and no sickness . "
" Well that sounds pretty good ! " Junior said .
He pulled at my sleeve excitedly .
" Pa , is that true ?
Are we goin ' back to Earth an ' havin ' everythin ? "
I shot him a significant glance , where his fingers were yankin ' my arm too near the gun , an' he got the meanin ' .
But he was too excited still .
Turnin ' back to the stranger , he gushed : " Will my Mama be there ? "
The stranger smiled like an angel .
" The Reconstructors are very smart .
I do n't know if your Ma is already there , but once you 're there they can learn from you what she was like and … "
I raised the gun .
" I think it 's time fer you to leave now . "
He put his hands up defensively .
" Whoa , sir !
I do n't mean any harm .
We 're not forcing anyone to relocate .
We 're just trying to find all the lost outposts , all the generations of human beings who got cut off behind enemy lines , and give them a chance to come back to civilization ! "
" You think you 're the first one to show up here with such an offer ? " I threw back at him .
" Nice try , goblin , but we 're wise to this particular trick now .
I dunno how you keep slippin ' through the warpshield all onesy - twosey , but I 'm gonna give you one chance , just this very minute right now , to slip on back out an ' tell your masters to leave us the hell alone . "
" Goblin ? "
Once again his eyes made the flickery twitch .
" Wait … you think I'm a Bogey ? "
" Always have been before , " I shrugged .
" Eventually , after all the sweet talk , it comes around to askin ' us to unfold the warpshield so that , I dunno , the transports can pick us up or some such .
As if we do n't know what would happen if we opened the shield . "
He looked horrified , genuinely shocked , at this .
" Of course the warpshield needs to open .
We can't transport all of you back home through the pinholes that …
Look , you do n't need the shield anymore .
The Bogeys have been eradicated .
We exterminated them with a retrovirus .
Trillions of them , all dead .
Twenty years later , we 're still digging worlds out from under their corpses .
Do n't you understand ? "
He was practically shouting now .
" It was horrible but it was the only way to insure our survival , so we did it !
We went ahead and committed total genocide against the only other sentient species we 've ever encountered in the galaxy !
And you 're going to stand here with that ridiculous shotgun and accuse me of being … "
I pulled the trigger an ' unloaded the left barrel into his body .
Junior shrieked in surprise .
That fancy - schmancy suit of his absorbed a fair amount of shock , I know , so it did n't cut him right in half .
He staggered back , face utterly in shock , mouth openin ' an ' closin ' .
He reached out for me , lookin ' like he wanted to say somethin' .
" Do n't say I did n't give you a chance , " I shrugged , an ' popped the second barrel into his head .
He went down in a crumpled pile .
Junior was shakin ' , lookin ' at the body .
" Was ..
Is …
Was he really a Bogey , Pa ?
Was it that close to us ? "
" Sure was , " I reassured him .
" Thank the good lord the shield keeps them from landing in force , huh ? "
He nodded fervently an ' I made a friendly ruffle of his hair .
" Now go get the wheelbarrow an ' then pile up some wood .
We gotta burn it before it starts to decay on its own . "
He ran off like a good boy while I stepped through the gate to make sure the stranger was dead .
I promised myself , not for the first time , that when he was a little older I 'd explain the truth to him .
Right now , he was still young enough to trust his Pa an ' not question why a supposed Bogey looks so much like us an ' talks just like us an ' bleeds red like us .
He 'll understand when he 's a man , but it 's too much for a boy .
Maybe by the time he 's grown , it wo n't be a problem anymore .
Of course , that 's probably what my own Pa hoped .
Twenty years on , you 'd think the damn Earthmen would learn to leave well enough alone .
------
For consideration : get offa my lawn
The Toronto Sun is the city of Toronto 's most reactionary / hilarious newspaper , with a broad readership that includes everyone from old men who wear track pants and fish in the Don River to young women with Support Our Troops tramp stamps .
Follow me on Twitter !
Leonard Van Vlaenderen charged with embezzling
This Week's Winner
Over the last seven days ...
Maryland : Pastor Jerry Darnell Bartley charged with molesting a 13 year old boy .
Maine : Pastor Colin Haag and his wife arrested for kidnapping his wife 's children from their biological father .
Wisconsin : The Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests ( SNAP ) has filed a 55 - page lawsuit against the Pope for shielding the crimes of pedophile priests .
Tennessee : Father Bill Casey arrested for molesting a 10 year old boy .
Brazil : Monsignor Luiz Marques Barbosa arrested on multiple counts of child molestation .
Wisconsin : Pastorfrom his church .
Indiana : Court rules that Father Francis Markey can be extradited to Ireland to face charges of child molestation .
Alaska : Pastor Shawn Anthony Justice charged with 12 counts of sexual abuse of a female minor .
Wisconsin : Pastor John
West charged with conspiracy to sell heroin .
Texas : Pastor Robert John
Weber charged with ten counts of sexual assault on a 15 year old girl .
Indiana : Pastor Ernest M. Beal
Jr charged with stealing the trust funds of residents of the group home for mentally challenged adults that he manages .
Illinois : Father Alejandro Flores charged with molesting an 8 year old boy .
Flores is already in jail awaiting trial for molesting the boy 's older brother .
Ireland : Father Eugene Lewis charged with 11 counts of sexual assault on three pre-teen sisters .
Belgium : Bishop Roger Vangheluwe has resigned after confessing to child molestation .
Utah : Pastor Kris Lounsbury has been charged with two counts of rape and aggravated sexual abuse of a ten year old girl .
Lounsbury was a GOP candidate for Congress in 2006 , running on a platform of abolishing the income tax , deporting illegal immigrants , abolishing the United Nations , and fighting LGBT rights laws .
In January 2009 he posted a recording of a sermon calling for imprecatory prayer curses against President Obama .
In the linked clip , Lounsbury rails against the repeal of DADT , saying that " you have no idea how vicious these homosexuals can be . "
Labels : religion , This Week In Holy Crimes
Job : Speaker , author , psychic coach
Hometown : Hauppauge , NY
My family of five does n't have health insurance , and we do n't plan to purchase any .
Instead of turning to medical care , we live healthfully .
There is so much evidence that we create our reality with our thoughts , feelings and beliefs .
This new legislation compels people to live in fear of disease or accidents , and to become dependent on outside resources .
My family and I believe that when we have a sickness , it stems from a disharmony between our minds and bodies .
When we work out the problem , the illness dissolves .
No one in my family has has ever had to go the emergency room .
Our belief system is that if you know who you are , you wo n't even need ER visits .
I 'm hoping the outcome of all this debate is that people will realize they have power over their health .
More galleries
Check out the latest additions Select a song Assassins Creed Origins - Winds of Cyrene Halo Reach - 15 - Were Not Going Anywhere Godzilla Unleashed - Varan Godzilla Unleashed - Titanosaurus Godzilla Unleashed - Spacegodzilla Godzilla Unleashed - Rodan Godzilla Unleashed - Orga Godzilla Unleashed - Obsidius Godzilla Unleashed - Mothra Godzilla Unleashed - Moguera Godzilla Unleashed - Megalon Godzilla Unleashed - Megaguirus Godzilla Unleashed - Mechagodzilla Godzilla Unleashed - Mecha King Ghidorah Godzilla Unleashed - Krystalak Godzilla Unleashed - Kiryus and Mechagodzilla 2 Godzilla Unleashed - King Caesar Godzilla Unleashed - Jet Jaguar Godzilla Unleashed - Godzilla Godzilla Unleashed - Godzilla - Revised
Falling
Alternate Formats : HTML | TXT | EPUB | MOBI | PRC | PDF | FB2 | LIT | LRF | PDB | PMLZ | RB
READ BY TUERE T.S. GANGES
ART BY JOHN THORNTON
MUSIC BY GOODMAN CARTER
When I asked him why he was with me ; me being a very average - looking sistah with long hair and split ends , lop - sided breasts , nondescript ass , shapeless and nameless clothing ; he took me to see his mother .
I did n't know it at the time .
He said , " Walk with me . "
A half - hour later , we were in the hood outside of a bodega watching a skinny , white lady .
She walked with bent knees , slightly sloped shoulders , and stiff back ; taking short , quick steps , as if her balance was always in question .
She muttered to herself and lapsed into silence with a sunken mouth that puffed out as she breathed .
He pointed to her and said , " That 's my mother .
" My mouth dropped .
For one , I knew he was light - skinned but did n't think he was mixed .
And two , damn , that lady was a crack - head .
I waited for him to wave to her , walk toward her , whistle for her : he did nothing .
His eyes went cold and distant .
All he did was watch .
The woman looked in our direction .
She tugged on her faded shirt , and spoke with someone who was n't there .
I lifted my hand to find his .
He 'd tucked his hands into his pits , crossing his arms .
I patted his bicep , a symbol of his strength as he held himself over me in my bed .
" Is that why you 're with me ?
Really ?
You can have any girl you want and none of them would mind about your mother . "
" You do n't get it , " he growled quietly .
" You just see what she is today .
You have no idea what it 's been like . "
He sat down on the curb and propped his size 15 Nike ball shoes on the yellow parking block .
I sat next to him and tried to ignore the foaming spot of mucus someone had spat near where my flip - flopped feet rested .
" Then tell me .
" He took a deep breath and closed his eyes .
I did n't know if he was hiding tears or traveling through time .
" When I was about five , she took me to a park , not too far from here .
You probably been past it a bunch of times and did n't know because of the tall , concrete fence hidin ' it and shit .
Well , she picked me up and put me on top of that fence and smiled real big .
She had a pretty smile back then , and she could go days , weeks , without gettin ' high or drunk or disappearin ' .
She put me up on that tall - ass fence and smiled and put her arms out like this , " he put his arms out , palms up , elbows locked , and welcoming .
I could see the pretty blonde smiling , offering herself to him wholly .
" And she said , C'mon , jump , I 'll catch you .
" I closed my eyes and I saw her , too .
So sweet and loving .
I wanted to jump into her arms .
Maybe she 'd toss me up into the air and catch me again .
We 'd laugh and laugh , and run for the swings , or the merry - go - round .
She 'd let me win our little race .
" Come on , baby , she said , I 'll catch you , I 'll catch you .
And she smiled and held her arms out and I stood up even higher , wanting to catch all the air as I flew like a superhero into her waiting arms .
I jumped .
I jumped , reaching for her , giggling and everything , I reached , but she stepped back .
" His voice cracked , startling me out of the wonderful vision I thought we were sharing .
" She , she what ? " " She let me fall .
I landed belly first into a bunch of leaves .
It knocked the air out of me .
I fought to catch my breath , and when I did , I felt pain everywhere .
I was five and I fell from a high wall , dammit .
It hurt .
And I cried . " I put my arms around him , wanting to catch the little boy who'd been falling for fifteen years .
" Why would she do such a thing ?
" He let out a laugh that was nothing but nasty .
" She said , That 'll teach you to trust a woman .
Now , stop crying you little pussy .
She did n't help me up .
Nothing .
She went over to one of those metal horse things on one of those big , muthafuckin ' springs , and she just rocked back and forth with a dead face .
I mean , there was nothing there .
She rocked back and forth on that thing but she might as well have been washing the dishes or taking the bus .
" I did n't know what to say .
What the hell could anybody say to that ?
" So , I 'm with you because I trust you .
Your heart opens up bigger than my mother 's arms ever coulda .
You hard on yourself thinkin ' you ain't pretty and what not , but , I see you .
None of these girls got anything on you .
That 's for real .
" With all that he'd said to me , what I heard was , " I love you . "
Read more stories !
By Lakshmi Sandhana
India
A team of researchers is looking at the next generation of autonomous vehicle .
Cars that can stay in a motorway lane without the help of a human driver are being developed by researchers at North Carolina State University .
Software developed by the researchers helps a computer keep a car within a lane on a highway while staying aware of other lanes and vehicles travelling alongside .
It can even read road signs .
The technology is an improvement on current vision systems which are typically only capable of finding lanes and nothing more .
Many of those basic systems were used on vehicles entered in the DARPA Grand challenge , a competition for driverless vehicles , and which relied on GPS co-ordinates to know where they were going .
Combined with the GPS were other sensing systems such as from roof - mounted light detection and ranging ( LIDAR ) units , video cameras , and inertial guidance systems ( with gyroscopes and accelerometers ) to help vehicles navigate off - road terrain .
The high cost of these sensors mean this approach is not appropriate for privately - owned cars .
The Darpa Challenge was also about driving scenarios far removed from the everyday experience of human drivers .
By contrast , the technology developed by the NC State researchers relies completely on computer vision programming , which allows a computer to understand what a video camera is looking at - whether it is a stop sign or a pedestrian .
The program uses algorithms to sort visual data and make decisions related to finding the lanes of a road , detecting how those lanes change as a car is moving , and controlling the car to stay in the correct lane .
It does this - while avoiding other vehicles and without becoming confused by multiple lanes .
" The algorithm finds lanes reasonably well and it finds all the lanes at once . " said Dr Wesley Snyder , lead researcher on the project .
" As we progress in assisted driving , the public will become more receptive to the idea of conceding control of their vehicles
Professor Azim Eskandarian
" The novelty is primarily in how we accumulate evidence .
Our approach uses evidence from many locations to vote for where the lanes are and which direction they are facing . "
It 's a big step towards a more reliable and accurate vision - based driving system .
Emergency use
The ultimate goal is to develop a fully autonomous driverless vehicle .
The initial aim is more modest - develop a system that could take control of a vehicle should a driver suffer from a sudden complication such as a heart attack , stroke or seizure .
They want the system to be able to signal the fact , slow down and pull off the road , effectively driving autonomously , if only for a limited time .
Observational skills and judgement are difficult to mimic .
However , even that limited autonomy presents stiff challenges .
Present day computers are too slow to carry out the real - time image processing required .
Powerful computers that could do the job are not portable .
A laptop can only analyse two pictures a second - too slow to control a speeding car .
ALso driving requires many different observational skills , which are difficult to recreate computationally .
" Researchers understand that how humans interpret data and recognize patterns is very different from the current mainstream approaches of computer vision used today , " said Professor Dennis Hong , from the department of mechanical engineering at Virginia Tech .
" When driving , a human has general situational knowledge and uses this to infer where they are and what is happening around the car .
" For example , if we see a kid on one side of the street with an excited facial expression , facing the other side of the street where there is a candy store , then we immediately infer with high probability that the kid might run across the street in front of the car , and use this expectation in driving a car .
" This is an example of a situation where a computer system will have a difficult time understanding .
Without this kind of general knowledge for understanding a scene , it is difficult to directly mimic how humans use vision for driving . "
" Until we crack the issue of creating a vision system that can handle situational awareness fully autonomous driving will remain only a possibility .
" We need to be able to understand how humans use their eyes and brains and mimic that with computer vision systems .
We 'll also need more intelligent sensors , radars , smart cameras and efficient computing power . "
" Autonomous driving is a goal , but not something we are going to see in the immediate future , unless you put restrictions on the nature of the road and traffic , " said Dr Snyder .
" For example , driving on a freeway with light or no traffic will be possible in the reasonably near future . "
Taking control Creating such a system is only the first step .
How ready will people be to surrender complete control of their vehicles to a program ?
" We need to continue to make progress to the point of vehicles having complete situational awareness with zero margin for error , " said Professor Azim Eskandarian , from the Center for Intelligent Systems Research at George Washington University .
" We also need to do this in a way that is affordable and commercially viable .
We are moving in the right direction on both of these and making incredible progress ; both will come eventually , but another issue we face is getting acceptance from the driving public of such a system . "
" People are so used to controlling their vehicles and after the science is developed there will be a period of adoption and acceptance .
" As we progress in assisted driving , the public will become more receptive to the idea of conceding control of their vehicles . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BRAIN MUSHROOM
The Gyromitra esculenta , which is also known as a false morel or brain mushroom ( given its convoluted surface ) , can be deadly when consumed raw .
Although some in Spain , Sweden and other countries continue to cook and eat them , G ... TAYLOR LOCKWOOD
We recently saw the movie Julie & Julia .
Being armchair chefs ourselves , it 's surprising it took us so long to see a movie about a book about a normal person finding her way through Julia Child 's classic cookbook in a normal kitchen .
We love food , movies , books and eating -- so what took us so long ?
I was charmed at first .
I mean , here was a devoted , vintage - clothing - wearing , amateur foodie who wore pearls in the kitchen -- one of my own personal dreams , although in my dream , the pearls would be fake just like my meat .
I admit I was intrigued by finding someone who , on the surface , was a little like me .
But as you can imagine , she lost me at the Lobster Killer scene and I never really bounced back .
The Lobster Killer scene planted a little seed in my brain .
I kept waiting for her to have a change of heart and save them .
But she never did -- and that is just not OK .
There needs to be a humane alternative to the Lobster Killer - - and The Betty Crocker Project was born !
Yes , after years of meeting and knowing literally thousands of vegans from all over the world , and working at the largest animal advocacy agencies on the planet , I can say with complete confidence that no one in the world loves food the way vegans do .
We think it about food constantly .
We read labels with a Christmas Morning eagerness , searching for those deal breaker words :
Whey , Egg Whites , Skim Milk Protein , Casein .
We sit around talking about food like the gals in Sex in The City talk about orgasms .
We send emails to all our friends and family telling them about new products with an eagerness that can only be compared to Beatle Mania . . . or these days Bieber Mania .
We love food almost as much as we love saving animals and the planet .
So why not find a way to make everything vegan ?
All those casseroles that feed a family of four for a week , or those childhood favorites you think about from time to time when you think about mom ... we 're making them vegan .
For as long as it takes , we 'll be veganizing every recipe in The Betty Crocker Cookbook and sharing our tips and secrets with you .
We 've always said we can make anything fat and vegan ... now we 're putting this claim to the test !
Thank you , Lobster Killer , for inspiring a project that I suspect you would hate .
. .
On the menu this week : Potato , Bacon & Egg Scramble , Chicken Chow Mein , Coq au Vin , Tuna Casserole , Sun-Dried Tomato Pesto Cream Sauce , Clams in White Sauce
Some Highlights
Thus Far : Garlic Cheesy Biscuits , Osso Bucco , Buffalo Chicken Wings , Turtle Cheesecake , Stuffed Crust Pizza , Cheeseburger Pie
Please know we have kept the orginal names for the recipes so you can follow along in The Betty Crocker Cookbook if you wuld like and that all recipes are 100 % Vegan !
For more recipes and to follow this vegan venture , check out MeetTheShannons.net .
FACEBOOK COMMENTS :
Connie was Italian , heavily tanned and probably in her fifties .
She wore white clothes which all seemed to say " disco " on them .
We wondered what she 'd been doing in Santiago de Cuba for months — til we saw her boyfriend .
Advertisement
Well , that 's what my friend and I decided to call him .
His name was Elvis , and he wore clothes we had n't seen Cubans wear on that trip .
He was lean , dark - skinned , about 30 , confident .
Connie were staying in the same bed and breakfast as we were ; he lived in Santiago .
Elvis sat in the courtyard while my friend and I ate our dinner , while his girlfriend changed with the door open .
I unwisely argued with him about street harassment .
He told us that because of Castro , Cubans could hold their heads high anywhere in the world .
In the meantime , there was Connie in her negligee , blasting reggaeton in the mornings and buying him jeans .
Advertisement
I thought of the two of them when I read Global Post 's series on female - driven sex tourism , which includes stories from Senegal and Jordan .
Jordan is the smaller market , often involving Bedouin guides and confirmations of stereotypes of Western women being loose .
The article quotes a British scholar 's essay , that these women , mostly from Western Europe , " tend to see Bedouins as " real " men who fit neatly into " traditional stereotypes of masculinity . "
The same scholar , Jessica Jacobs , added that for the women she 's studied , it 's about more than sex :
" It 's about the moment , the connection to nature , exhibiting a sense of freedom and experimenting with gender identity , doing things that they 're not particularly judged for because no one from their own particular society is there to see them , " she said .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
A connection to nature : Does that sound colonial to anyone ?
And what 's it about for the men ?
It 's often pretty simple , as one of the Senegalese interview subjects testifies :
" It 's a question of survival .
Life is hard .
If I did n't have these women , I 'd be struggling , " said Moussa , a 31 - year - old dreadlocked drum player who has been " dating " female tourists since 2003 .
Advertisement
The Senegalese story includes an indelible sentence :
They were swaying in unison , pelvises pressed together .
The only thing separating them now was about 25 years .
Advertisement
Twenty - five years — and a world of mobility and economic opportunity .
The Jordanian Desert 's Other Delight : Sex Tourism [ Global Post ]
Female Sex Tourism : For Love Or Money ?
[ Global Post ]
Senegal Draws Tourists With Sun , Sea , And Sex [ Global Post ]
Advertisement
Earlier : Women Are Like Milk : Inside The Head Of A Sex Tourist
Revolution Muslim
For update Islamist Analysis , news , and movement toward reviving the khilafah and restoring Islam to its proper place in the world , revolutionmuslim.com established this blog to serve as yet another media outlet that may counter the mainstream propaganda of the dominant society and inspire Muslims to learn more about current events while they work to improve their understanding of their deen .
Also included are the street dawa activities of the organization and other up to date analysis .
What is Managed Hosting / Servers and What 's Included ?
Managed hosting / dedicated server includes the server , power , rack space and bandwidth as well as server security , patch upgrades , 24/7 monitoring setup and maintenance .
Managed hosting is the correct choice for companies that do not have the in - house staff to maintain a dedicated server .
By using the hosting company to maintain and monitor the dedicated servers through a managed hosting setup , businesses effectively reduce their own burden and save money that would have otherwise been spent on personnel .
The managed hosting definition also includes more complex types of web hosting , such as load balancing , clustering and high availability .
In these cases , the staff that is familiar with and maintaining the servers also structures and maintains more complex setups that allow for maximum uptime , performance and redundancy .
What is Unnamanged Hosting Unmanaged hosting includes the server , power , rack space and bandwidth to support your server , as well as 24/7 support , however does not include the monitoring and maintenance that a managed server does .
Unmanaged hosting is ideal for web hosting resellers and individuals and companies that have the in - house expertise to maintain a secure and updated server .
Unmanaged hosting is less expensive than managed hosting , however one must be careful to understand the true cost ( i.e. in - house labor ) of utilizing unmanaged hosting .
If you 're just starting out with a dedicated server , managed hosting is probably a better option than using an unmanaged server .
Differences Between Managed Servers and Closeout Servers DedicatedNOW offers two lines of servers to choose from : Managed dedicated servers and unmanaged Closeout Servers .
DedicatedNOW 's Dedicated Servers represent some of the newest hardware available , including the Core2Duo , Core2 Quad and Dual Quadcore Xeon CPUs .
Every CPU in DedicatedNOW 's managed line is multi-core .
Some of the servers , like the Dual QuadCore Xeon 5420 have a total of 8 CPUs for processing .
In addition to newer hardware , our managed servers also include more bandwidth and free features like KVM over IP , free off - site backup , full system security lock down and 100 % uptime guarantee .
DedicatedNOW 's Closeout Servers are unmanaged and are typically older technology , such as Pentium4 , Celeron and AMD Athlon CPUs .
While these servers are older , they are still quite useful for limited applications .
DedicatedNOW 's unmanaged servers come with a 99.9 % uptime guarantee .
# fruitcake
Choose politicians .
Choose selve serving arseholes who 've never had a real job .
Choose somebody who replies to your impassioned letter with an automated fucking email .
Choose a bare faced liar who wo n't answer a straight question , and makes you dance with rage when you see their face on the TV .
Choose a fake grinned photo opportunity grabbing hypocrite .
Choose a right wing , left wing , centre wing ( is that a thing ? ) shitbag who is happy to hoot like a gibbon in the mother of all parliaments at something they do n't agree with then vote another way because Mr Whippy told them to .. Choose a bastard who does n't stand up for what you voted for , choose their expenses , multiple houses , foreign fact finding trips , dubious morals , and the never ending feeling that everyone is getting fucked over by them .
Choose pointless petitions and ranting on Facebook or Twitter .
Choose Brexit , Remain , Labour , Tory , choose your future .
Choose your politician .
. . .
But why would I want to do a thing like that ?
I choose not to choose one of the ' real ' politicians .
I choose something else .
And the reason ?
They disgust me .
( Dubai ) - The Yemeni government and Huthi rebels should investigate alleged violations of the laws of war during the recent conflict and hold all those responsible to account , Human Rights Watch said in a report released today .
On February 11 , 2010 , both sides agreed to a truce - the sixth since the war began in 2004 , but the agreement contains no accountability provisions .
The 54 - page report , " All Quiet on the Northern Front ? : Uninvestigated Laws of War Violations in Yemen 's War with Huthi Rebels , " documents how government forces may have indiscriminately bombed and shelled civilian areas , causing civilian casualties , and how Huthi forces may have committed summary executions and unlawfully deployed in populated areas .
Huthi forces also allegedly carried out pillage and looting , used " human shields , " and prevented civilians from fleeing war zones , even to seek medical treatment .
Both sides used children in combat , in violation of international law .
" It is time to end the impunity surrounding the cycle of civilian suffering in northern Yemen , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch .
" The recent truce is an opportunity to strengthen protection for civilians by investigating alleged war crimes and making sure the victims receive justice . "
The report is based on Human Rights Watch interviews in Yemen in October 2009 with civilians who witnessed fighting in seven districts of the northern Sa'da and ‘ Amran governorates and with humanitarian aid workers .
Because the government has restricted access to the conflict area , making it impossible for Human Rights Watch to assess damage at the sites of incidents described by witnesses , further investigations are needed to obtain a clearer picture of alleged abuses , Human Rights Watch said .
Since the beginning of the sixth round of fighting in mid-August 2009 , artillery shelling by both sides and government aerial bombardments have killed hundreds of civilians , injured many more , and in some cases the fighting destroyed entire villages .
In early November , Saudi Arabia entered the war , sending fighter planes into Yemeni airspace to bomb rebel positions .
By mid-February , international aid agencies were struggling to assist even a small fraction of the roughly 265,000 people - most of them women and children - displaced from their homes in this and earlier rounds of fighting .
Before the February 11 truce , the United Nations , the United States , and the European Union called for an end to the fighting , but urged an investigation only into one government airstrike that reportedly killed more than 80 civilians in September 2009 .
The government said within days that it had begun an inquiry into this incident , but it has not announced the outcome .
Huthi rebels are not known to have conducted any investigations into allegations of war crimes .
Human Rights
Watch called on the UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to establish a human rights monitoring and reporting mission in Yemen .
It urged Yemen 's donors and allies to support such a mission , in addition to a human rights advisory position currently under discussion .
Government airstrikes on Huthi forces that did not discriminate between combatants and civilians or caused disproportionate loss of civilian life and property would constitute violations of the laws of war , Human Rights Watch said .
Huthi forces also may have at times placed civilians at unnecessary risk by deploying within densely populated villages .
Displaced people reported two cases of possible summary killings by Huthi forces .
In one case involving possible human shielding , available evidence suggests that Huthi forces unlawfully used captured Yemeni military officers to deter an attack .
On several occasions , the Huthis allegedly prevented injured civilians from leaving their villages to obtain necessary medical care in larger towns .
There were also accounts by witnesses of rebels pillaging private property .
Human Rights
Watch spoke to three youths who described fighting for government or Huthi forces as child soldiers , in violation of international law .
By mid-February 2010 , international aid agencies struggled to assist just over 45,000 displaced persons in seven camps and nine informal settlements .
But this was only about 17 percent of the total number of people displaced by the conflict .
Aid agencies faced even greater obstacles trying to assist another 218,000 displaced people who have taken shelter with host families or in public buildings , or are living in open spaces , because of danger in the conflict zone and government obstruction of aid activity outside formally approved camps .
Saudi Arabia has exacerbated the plight of the displaced by preventing Yemenis from seeking refuge across the border in Saudi Arabia and by forcing refugees back across the border into Yemen , in violation of international law .
" Very few of those displaced by this tragic conflict are getting desperately needed assistance , " Stork said .
" Concerned governments should press Yemen to make sure that aid agencies can reach people displaced throughout rural areas . "
At the next place Mr. MacDuckston took me to , Basanova , in a not very exciting neighborhood a few train stops west of Shibuya , the broth was definitely the star .
That ’s because Basanova specialized in green curry ramen , a clever adaptation of Thai flavors to Japanese tastes .
It was fascinating to slurp , at once vibrant with the heat of chilies and the aromas of lemon grass and kaffir lime , but at heart a classic Japanese ramen .
You wo n’t find this in Bangkok .
LIKE Nagi , Basanova was a nice place to relax .
Sure , there was a ticket vending machine , and you ate at a stainless - steel counter , but the atmosphere invited lingering with a beer or two , and the owner did n’t mind our taking plenty of pictures .
He even came over to chat , explaining that because his parents came from opposite ends of Japan — hence from vastly different ramen traditions — taking the fusion - cuisine route was a natural decision .
As we left , Mr. MacDuckston and I were followed out the door by a young woman who ’d been eyeing us curiously .
In the street , she identified herself as Kana Nagashima , a student just returned from a decade in Singapore who had started a ramen club at her university .
Her giggly enthusiasm was delightful , and she seemed as impressed with us as we were with her .
Before we moved on , she and Mr. MacDuckston exchanged contact information .
Talk about meeting cute .
Another fusion dynamic was at play even farther west , at an unassuming corner shop called Ivan Ramen .
Ivan is the brainchild of Ivan Orkin , a 46 - year - old New York City native and former cook at Lutèce who in 2003 moved to Tokyo with his Japanese wife and son and , well , needed a job .
Since “ ramen ’s fun , ” as he told me one morning before the shop opened , his path was set .
He started Ivan Ramen in 2007 , and despite occasional skepticism from traditionalists it became a hit .
His classics — salt and soy broths of remarkable single - mindedness — and his whimsies , like a “ taco ” ramen or rye - flour tsukemen ( noodles served dry with broth for dipping ) , are so popular that he has a line of dried products in Circle K convenience stores and a line of 20 - odd customers outside his door .
“ One of the reasons it ’s an obsession is it ’s truly an everyperson ’s dish , ” Mr. Orkin said .
“ Pricewise , it ’s affordable for just about anybody .
It comes in a bowl , and a good bowl of ramen is balanced perfectly : the soup , the noodles , the toppings , everything works together .
So when you ’re eating it , even though it ’s all these disparate ingredients together , somehow they feel as if you ’re eating one thing . ”
Nowhere did I have a more balanced bowl than at Ikaruga , where I ate with Meter Chen , a fashionable Hong Kong transplant who works in the entertainment industry and who has written a Chinese - language book about ramen , and his assistant , Naoko Yokoi .
As we stood in a 20 - minute line out front , Mr. Chen was hopeful — he liked Ikaruga ’s logo .
“ You know if the taste is good or not , ” he said later , by the attention the owners pay to design .
Online reports reveal virulently anti-Israel views held by staff at the New Israel Fund and the New York Times .
Activism can help .
The pro-Israel website Jewish Internet Defense Force ( JIDF ) and the Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America ( CAMERA ) are combatting the virulently anti-Israel views that they revealed are held by staff members of the New Israel Fund and the New York Times .
CAMERA drew attention to an interview given by Eitan ( Ethan ) Bronner , the New York Times 's bureau chief in Jerusalem .
In an interview with the American television station MSNBC , Bronner suggested that Israelis dislike United States President Barack Obama because Obama is black .
Bronner told interviewer Chris Matthews that Israelis prefer other senior US officials , such as Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , to Obama .
According to Bronner , one reason for this is that “ there is some level of prejudice about the fact that [ Obama ] had some Islamic background through his father . ”
Obama 's policy of putting distance between the US and Israel in order to draw closer to the Muslim world is another factor in Israelis ' dislike of the president , Bronner said .
A third factor is “ some degree of racism , to be perfectly honest , ” he added .
Matthews seemed to support Bronner 's claim , saying , “ Yes .
They – because they see it as a black man , you know ... ”
Bronner recently aroused anger by comparing the Palestinian Authority 's decision to name streets after terrorists to Israel 's use of the names of past political leaders such as former Prime Minister Menachem Begin on streets .
The PA named streets and public buildings after terrorists such as Yahya Ayash and Dalal Mughrabi , each of whom was responsible for the murder of dozens of civilians ; Bronner implied that the gesture was similar to the use of the name ' Begin ' in Israel .
Begin served as head of the Etzel underground group in pre state Israel that fought to free the country from British rule .
CAMERA asked for protest letters to be sent to the New York Times .
NIF Staffer : Israel Guilty of Terrorism
JIDF revealed that a blogger who accused Israel of state terrorism is apparently a staffer for the New Israel Fund ( NIF ) .
The blogger , who goes by the name “ kung fu jew , ” wrote that Israel is “ just at fault as Hamas ” for the deaths of Gaza civilians used by terrorists as human shields .
" Israel never has the moral high ground when it uses civilian suffering as a tool of statecraft .
It 's stooping to moral terrorism , ” the writer accused .
He also slammed analysts who use the term “ global Jihad , ” saying , “ Spreading belief in a ' global jihad ' is the same as spreading belief in the Elders of Zion . ”
According to JIDF , the writer 's handle is identical to a handle used by NIF staffer Ben Murane .
The sentences were deleted from the blog after the Five Towns Jewish Newspaper in New York publicized the blog 's contents and the name and position of the staffer they claimed is the writer .
The NIF has come under fire recently in Israel for taking money from foreign governments and giving funds to radical anti-Zionist organizations .
Several of the organizations funded by the NIF , among them Adalah and B'Tzelem , gave testimony to the United Nations - backed Goldstone team that led the team to accuse Israel of war crimes .
Caps practice update : power play the focus
A quick update before I start writing my story for the paper :
* Coach Bruce Boudreau sounded hopeful that both Shaone Morrisonn and Joe Corvo will be able to suit up tomorrow after skipping practice today with undisclosed ailments .
* Boudreau also spent the majority of practice working on the power play , which is 0 for 14 in these playoffs and a season - worst 0 for 21 dating back to the regular season .
Today 's units were : Brooks Laich , Alexander Semin , Nicklas Backstrom , Mike Green and Alex Ovechkin ; and Eric Fehr , Mike Knuble , Tomas Fleischmann , Tom Poti and Brendan Morrison .
The practice focused mostly on puck movement and positioning since there were no penalty killers ( Boudreau does n't want anyone to get hurt blocking a shot ) .
But the session was also cut short when Coach Bruce Boudreau noticed one of Montreal 's " head coaches " watching from the stands .
" There were other people watching and I did n't want to see what we were working on , " Boudreau said .
" I saw one of their head coaches on the other side .
I do n't know if he was watching , but you want to [ practice the power play ] when you 're amongst your own guys . "
" He was out there talking to someone else , not paying much attention to us at all , " Boudreau added .
" But it was brought to my attention that he was out there then I stopped ... "
It 's not uncommon for a coach , or an entire staff , to watch the other team 's morning skate from the stands .
It 's more rare for coaches to watch another team 's practice in the NHL , though there are no rules prohibiting it .
" I do n't even know when they practice or where they practice , " Boudreau said when asked if he planned to have any of his staffers at Montreal 's afternoon practice at Centre Bell .
" We wo n't have anybody there . "
* Alex Ovechkin had the line of the day today .
Jose Theodore was speaking to reporters and drinking water from a bottle in the dressing room when the two - time MVP walked past .
Ovechkin smiled and said , " Is your hand shaking ? " .
It was , of course , a reference to his comment earlier this week about Jaroslav Halak and totally appreciated by Theodore , who cracked up .
* Speaking of Theodore , he seemed at ease this morning .
" The last 25 games , I did n't play more than 25 games in a row , " he said .
" He uses both guys and he felt he needed a change .
So far it 's been working .
But I 'm going to be ready because it goes both ways .
It was like that all year and we finished first . "
" Varly stepped in and is doing a great job , " he added .
" And when I 'm ready , I 'm going to do a good job . "
* Varlamov declined to speak to the big media hoard , but he later relented and spoke to me in English in the hallway outside of the room .
His English , by the way , has come along to the point where he 's completely conversational .
" The first period was difficult for me and for the team because Montreal starting power [ ful ] , " he said .
" I had to play well . "
Varlamov also said there was the silver lining to the groin and knee injuries that cost him two months this season was that it allowed him to work hard with the team 's strength and conditioning coach to build up his core and leg strength while increasing his already impressive flexibility .
That , he hopes , will help in guard against future injuries .
A federal judge on Wednesday said the George W. Bush administration illegally eavesdropped on the telephone conversations of two American lawyers who represented a now - defunct Saudi charity .
The lawyers alleged some of their 2004 telephone conversations to Saudi Arabia were siphoned to the National Security Agency without warrants .
The allegations were initially based on a classified document the government accidentally mailed to the former Al - Haramain Islamic Foundation lawyers .
The document was later declared a state secret and removed from the long - running lawsuit weighing whether a sitting U.S. president may create a spying program to eavesdrop on Americans ' electronic communications without warrants
" Plaintiffs must , and have , put forward enough evidence to establish a prima facie case that they were subjected to warrantless electronic surveillance , " U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker ruled , in a landmark decision .
Even without the classified document , the judge said he believed the lawyers " were subjected to unlawful electronic surveillance " ( .pdf ) in violation of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which requires warrants in terror investigations .
It 's the first ruling addressing how Bush 's once - secret spy program was carried out against American citizens .
Other cases considered the program 's overall constitutionality , absent any evidence of specific eavesdropping .
The Obama administration 's Justice Department staunchly defended against the lawsuit , which challenged the so - called Terror Surveillance Program that Bush adopted in the aftermath of the 2001 terror attacks .
The classified document was removed from the case at the behest of both the Bush and Obama administrations , which declared it a state secret .
The Justice Department said it was reviewing the decision .
Judge Walker likened the department 's legal tactics as " argumentative acrobatics . "
He said counsel for attorneys Wendell Belew and Asim Gafoor are free to request monetary damages .
Their lawyer , Jon Eisenberg , said in a telephone interview that " the case is not about recovering money . "
" What this tells the president , or the next president , is , you do n't have the power to disregard an act of Congress in the name of national security , " Eisenberg said .
Because of the evocation of the state secrets privilege , Walker had ruled the lawyers must make their case without the classified document .
So Eisenberg amended the case and cited a bevy of circumstantial evidence ( .pdf ) .
Walker ruled that evidence shows that the government illegally wiretapped the two lawyers as they spoke on U.S. soil to Saudi Arabia .
Walker said the amended lawsuit pieces together snippets of public statements from government investigations into Al - Haramain , the Islamic charity for which the lawyers were working , including a speech about their case by an FBI official .
Under Bush 's so - called Terrorist Surveillance Program , which The New York Times disclosed in December 2005 , the NSA was eavesdropping on Americans ' telephone calls without warrants if the government believed the person on the other line was overseas and associated with terrorism .
Congress , with the vote of Obama – who was an Illinois senator at the time – subsequently authorized such warrantless spying in the summer of 2008 .
The legislation also provided the nation 's telecommunication companies immunity from lawsuits accusing them of being complicit with the Bush administration in illegal wiretapping .
It 's uncertain whether Wednesday 's decision will withstand appeal .
In 2006 , for example , a Detroit federal judge declared Bush 's spy program unconstitutional .
But a federal appeals court quickly reversed , ruling that the plaintiffs did not have legal standing to bring a case , because they had no evidence to show that their telephone calls specifically were intercepted .
The Supreme Court declined to review that ruling .
Photo : Associated Press
See Also :
Last week , the Canadian Recording Industry Association appeared before the Standing Committee on Canadian Heritage with discussion that focused largely on copyright reform ( media coverage of the appearance here ) .
While copyright was the key issue , what was striking was CRIA 's reluctance to actually specify what reforms it supports .
That may sound unusual , but a review of recent public statements suggests that it is actually quite typical .
In recent years , CRIA has become very reluctant to provide specific views on reforms , seemingly relying instead on the sort of backdoor , lobbyist - inspired meetings that are the talk of Ottawa due to the Rahim Jaffer situation .
The transcript has not been posted yet , however , a review of the unofficial transcript shows that CRIA President Graham Henderson provided no legal specifics in his opening statement .
During questioning , he was repeatedly asked what his organization wants .
First Liberal MP Pablo Rodriguez asked , eliciting the following response :
I believe that it starts with a very simple , straight forward baseline .
We have to draw a little box around what 's legal and what 's illegal and send clear messages to the people of Canada about what 's right and what 's wrong ….
I would argue that to simply , as a very baseline , implement the intellectual properties treaties as contemplated by , for example , C - 61 , or before that Bill C - 60 is the first step on that road .
Just about everyone agrees that WIPO implementation should happen and Henderson knows well that the C - 61 and C - 60 implementations are not the same thing .
Rodriguez then asks what comes after WIPO implementation .
Henderson shifts the response to one of the other panelists .
Bloc MP Carole Lavallée then asks for concrete solutions .
Henderson responds :
What are the concrete solutions ?
It 's twofold .
No one ever in our world said that by passing a law we were going to change consumer behaviour overnight and turn people away from taking things .
For people who think of music in Canada who think “ take ” , who do n't necessarily think “ buy ” , we do n't believe there is going to be an overnight conversion .
This could take a long time .
We think it 's a market that 's worth fighting for , but we have to establish those baselines .
As for some of the techniques that are available , as you know , the French are experimenting with a graduated response regime .
That 's being considered in a lot of other jurisdictions .
Practically everything you read about those regimes in the media is incorrect .
There are filled with safeguards .
There is such a thing as notice and notice .
These are technicalities .
Then there is , of course , the question of levies .
The answer does n't satisfy Lavallée , who asks which solutions Henderson prefers .
His response :
We have to be provided with a framework , and that is what the panellists were saying , a rules - based framework that will help us to build a legitimate digital marketplace .
Lavallée is not satisfied , indicating that Henderson has still not answered the question .
Henderson says that perhaps he did not understand the question , so Lavalle repeats it .
His final attempt at an answer :
One solution –the best solution , and perhaps I 'm not expressing myself well enough , is to implement a set of laws or rules which will provide an environment that will encourage creation and investment .
That is what the intellectual property organization treaties were designed to do , and when you see them implemented then you very clearly see a migration from illegal back to legal , and one of the principal reasons that you see that is not only is there someone saying you can't do this , but all of a sudden there is an interest from investors in investing in that marketplace and developing legal alternatives which are attractive to the consumer .
It is like a carrot and a stick .
You have to have great carrots , lots of alternatives .
As the MPs recognized , none of this was a concrete answer despite multiple invitations to provide the committee with specific guidance ( he did , however , claim that CRIA has never sued a fan but " not that we ever got a single iota of credit for that " – news to the 29 defendants in the Sony BMG v. Doe case ) .
This is hardly the first time CRIA has avoided taking a public stand on specific copyright reforms .
During last summer 's copyright consultation , it was one of the only major copyright organizations that did not even bother with an individual submission .
Henderson participated in a roundtable in Gatineau , but again offered mere generalities :
I think that there are four principles that should guide you as you pull together your new Bill , and they are these .
Without question , the rights of those who hold copyright must be fairly balanced with the needs of users to access those copyrighted works .
Two , the Copyright Act must provide clear , predictable and fair rules to allow Canadians to derive benefits from their creations .
Three , the Copyright Act should foster innovation in an effort to attract investment and high - paying jobs to Canada .
And finally , we have to ensure that our framework for the Internet is in line with international standards .
So CRIA wants clear , predictable rules – but what rules ?
Why does CRIA say virtually nothing specific about what it actually seeks ?
Based on lobbying records , perhaps it is because it saves its real comments for what takes place behind closed doors .
There are 19 records of meetings for CRIA representatives with a wide range of government officials including Canadian Heritage Minister James Moore from the period of August 2008 to February 2010 ( or 19 entries over a 19 month period ) .
Even the content of those meetings may be kept secret .
A recent access to information request on a presentation by Barry Sookman on ISP exceptions in Bill C - 61 to government officials in 2009 excluded virtually all substantive materials on the grounds that it " contains commercially valuable information . "
In other words , little is said publicly , more is said privately , and even the private content is kept from public view .
As Moore quietly promotes a C - 61 style approach , it is discouraging that the thousands of public comments on copyright reform may be ignored in favour of the backroom dealing that has generated so much discussion over the past few weeks in Ottawa .
One person ’s broken radio is another ’s groundbreaking invention that enables human contact with aliens , angels , and the dead .
The Ghost in the Machine
Instrumental Transdimensional Communication ( ITC ) refers to the use of electronic devices such as tape recorders , fax machines , television sets , and computers to attempt to contact nonhuman entities .
These are usually standard machines used in nonstandard ways to collect “ paranormal ” images and sounds .
Auditory data are the most common types of ITC , known specifically as Electronic Voice Phenomena ( EVP , also known as Raudive Voices , named after early proponent Konstantin Raudive ) .
This communication is believed by some to be evidence for the existence of an afterlife .
Unlike the machines listed above that are built with more orthodox purposes in mind , the Frank ’s Box is designed specifically to capture EVP .
It was invented by amateur radio enthusiast Frank Sumption , who was inspired by a “ How To ” hobby article about recording EVP that appeared in the now defunct Popular Electronics magazine .
1
Upon receiving design instructions from the spirit world and the article , Sumption built a radio receiver that reputedly facilitates real - time communication between the living and the dead , not to mention extraterrestrials , angels , spirits , and assorted entities from other dimensions .
The Frank ’s Box device is one of several incarnations .
It is also known as the Ghost Box , Joe ’s Box , the Spiricom , the Mini -Box , the Telephone to the Dead , or the Shack Hack , according to the design , the manufacturer , and the faction .
How Frank ’s Box Works ( or Does n’t Work )
The Frank ’s Box is a homemade radio frequency receiver .
However , this radio is n’t designed to find your favorite religious radio station ; it ’s built to be broken .
Frank ’s Box – Rocky Mountain Paranormal Research Society , 2010
The scan - lock mechanism is disabled on this “ radio . ”
Therefore , the machine continuously scans radio frequencies at a predetermined rate .
This is like twisting the knob on a radio backwards and forwards quickly , producing random noise .
This “ sweep method ” creates an untunable radio of erratic white noise .
The rushing sound of unused frequencies is punctuated by mostly unintelligible fragments of speech or music when the scanner momentarily picks up a station .
It is Sumption ’s belief that “ spirits ” and other entities from beyond manifest in an “ echo chamber ” built into the unit and harness the random signals to create messages intended for the mortal listener .
The Association TransCommunication explains that the Frank ’s Box is like a radio for alien DJs .
“ Radio - Sweep ” is a technology that involves rapidly changing the tuning of a radio receiver to produce a sound track composed of bits of sound from whatever radio programming is on the air and from whatever radio station is detected by the radio at the time .
In theory , the communicating entity somehow arranges for the radio programming of local stations to have the needed sounds and that the sweep will detect that sound at the right time to produce the desired message .
2
Inside the Box – Rocky Mountain Paranormal Research Society , 2010
Sumption describes how he believes his device works as a medium .
( Nb : all quotes in this article are unedited . )
[ This is ]
Simply another method of supplying “ raw ” audio that spirits and other entities can use to form voices .
Raw audio is a sound source that contains bits of human speech , music and noise , and a convineint source of raw audio is a radio with it ’s tuning swept across the entire band , AM , FM , or shortwave .
The sweep can be random , linear , or even done by hand .
3
On his discussion group EVP - ITC , Sumption expands on his belief that the Frank ’s Box channels spirits , not channels .
It ’s been my experience that if one supplies something that the spirits / entities can use to make voices out of “ they ” will speak .
That something is called “ raw audio ” , and contains bits of speech , music and noise .
The entities re-modulate this raw audio to form voices .
At least I think that ’s how it works , and who really knows ?
A swept radio is a convenient source of raw audio , and that is all the Ghost Box is , and we are spirit as well - hint hint .. and it alsoseems to be a form of quantum communcation , allowing instantaneous communication over stellar distances . ”
4
Sumption added in personal correspondence :
“ I think it ’s no more unbelievable than the so called thought experiments of quatum physics .
If I had a Ph.d , maybe what I say would be accepted without question as well . ”
EVP -ITC list member “ Tom ” explains his theories of how the Box may be powered by electromagnetic waves , Sumption ’s remodulation hypothesis , or psychic powers .
We Do n’t really KNOW how it works , but only that it DOES seem to work .
In EVP we have at least two major theories .
In the EM ( Electromagnetic ) theory , we assume thatthe spirits are communicating with voice modulated EM waves –either via a kind of “ radio technology ” or the “ fact ” that sound waves from the other side are Electromagnetic relative to our own universe .
This explains why we often need a device like a electric sound recorder to hear the waves .
The other major theory , and the one I subscribe to , is that the voices are made from existing background sounds .
This is sorta like using an electronic larynix or holding an electric razor to one ’s lips and “ mouthing ” words .
The vocal appratus changes shape and resonance characteristics , making a sufficiently randomized sound ( like a buzzing razor ) sound like words .
Spirits may do something similar , near an EVP recording microphone , either “ semi-manefesting ” a vocal apparatus or by utilizing some of their own sound altering technology .
The third theory involves the listener putting the background noise together somewhat selectively –in one ’s own mind , so to speak .
The noise itself which forms which is called a “ random field ” —
One of the “ psychic levers ” which effectively enhances one ’s psychic abilities to useful levels .
Wiring – Rocky Mountain Paranormal Research Society , 2010
Since radio stations provide the fodder for any “ speech ” heard , the broader , unspoken claim is that the “ entities ” are controlling the airways in general , on the off chance that a human is using a Frank ’s Box through which “ they ” can communicate .
The Light Bulb Goes Off
In a contentious claim popular among the paranormal community , prolific inventor Thomas Edison is credited as the father of EVP and real - time spirit communication .
There is an urban legend that while Edison was inventing the phonograph , the motion picture camera , and the electric light bulb , he was also in the process of creating an apparatus enabling communication with spirits .
This belief appears to be traceable to an 1890 interview in which Edison spoke about the fringe idea of communicating with the “ life units ” or atoms of the deceased .
5
In an article published in a 1920 issue of Scientific American Edison speculated about the possibility of building a device that could communicate with the dead , and he was quoted as saying :
“ If we can evolve an instrument so delicate as to be affected by our personality as it survives in the next life , such an instrument , when made available , ought to record something . ”
6
There was also gossip that Edison held séances and endorsed the abilities of several psychics .
Some believe the talk of spirit machines was a marketing prank .
Edison was apparently agnostic , although he lived during the height of the Spiritualism movement , when belief in an afterlife and the ability to communicate with the dead were common .
However , with over one thousand patents , he never registered any machine for contacting spirits , and there is no evidence to suggest that he built or was building such a device .
Most damning to the claims is the refutation on the Edison National Historic Site :
Did Edison make a machine that could talk to the dead ?
This seems to be another tall tale that Edison pulled on a reporter .
In 1920 Edison told the reporter , B.F. Forbes , that he was working on a machine that could make contact with the spirits of the dead .
Newspapers all over the world picked up this story .
After a few years , Edison admitted that he had made the whole thing up .
Today at Edison National Historic Site , we take care of over five million pages of documents .
None of them mention such an experiment .
7
Unfortunately , the rumors have given credence to the concept of electronic spirit communication and to the Frank ’s Box .
Moreover , claims that Edison pioneered spirit communication have further mutated to assert that he dictated the design of the Frank ’s Box to Sumption , and that he actually communicates through the device .
Sumption has made , withdrawn , and denied these claims over the years .
His latest statement on the matter was :
“ I have in fact heard a voice that said ‘ Edison here ’ there was no real information conveyed that I could understand . ”
8
However , Sumption added that these spirits could have been “ mimicking ” Edison ’s voice .
Frank ’s Assumptions
Sumption initially e-mailed me in response to a series of articles I published in which I mention the Frank ’s Box as a tool for collecting EVP .
I make those boxes .
What you say about it / me is highly exagerated .
I do n’t even use it for the usual paranoraml BS , as in Ghost Hunting .
I do n’t buy the usual Hollywood / TAPS paranormal crap that ’s mostly urban legend .
“ skeptic ” usually just means your mind is made up , and no other evidence is required , sought , or wanted .
I do n’t sell this shit , I do n’t do ghost investigations , and do n’t believe in hauntings .
Something talks that is not radio broadcasts , often addresses people present by name , and sometimes cusses and swears .
He extended an invitation to demonstrate his invention should I ever be in the area .
And so , accompanied by Matthew Baxter of the Rocky Mountain Paranormal Research Society , I recently met Sumption in his hometown of Littleton , Colorado .
Sumption told us that he is in frequent communication with a number of “ higher - level spirits ” via his Boxes .
These regular contacts include “ Otto ” and “ about ten women with German names . ”
Because he wears a purple - striped shirt and a purple earring , Sumption explained that “ the guys ” deem him to be royalty and have dubbed him their “ Purple Princess . ”
He refers to himself as Purple , the Purple Space Friend , the Purple Princess , and the Purple Alien Girl .
Sumption ’s original e-mail explains : “ I use the name ‘ purple alien girl ’ cuz ‘ they ’ claim I ’m their long lost Purple Princess from some other planet .
The only actual voice I heard in my head was ‘ Kiera ( key - ra ) , it ’s time to come home , ’ the name of the Princess . ”
Purple ’s Ghost Box – Rocky Mountain Paranormal Research Society , 2010
He has maintained this claim all along , stating on his EVP - ITC list :
“ They ” claim I ’m their long lost Purple Princess , kidnapped from my home planet long ago when Earth had space flight by the ancient Egyptians .
I could n’t be rescued at that time , so I was transported forward in time , to now , at the end of the current Earth cycle when I could go home .
It gets wierd from there .
Other entities that talk though the box claim they see a woman where I should be .
Sumption also claims his Boxes have provided doomsday prophecies and predicted world events and disasters , including the May 12 , 2008 , earthquake in China .
They have told me I go home at the end , and Earth is doomed since day one , but who knows really ?
Besides , the main message of EVP is life is forever .
I get stuff that seems to be talking about 2012 , like they talk about the “ Monster , ” or gioant asteoid of comet thats supposed to hit .
They also say “ Earth goes Boom . ”
When the predictions fail , the spirits are to blame for their dishonesty .
You ca n’t take this shit like it ’s written in stone , or some kind of friggin ’ gospel , as most seem prone to do .
So far , irregardless of how clear the voice is , or what method is used , the only thing that can be said with certainty is that they consistently lie !
You can ask questions of the box , and many get direct , and immediate answers , as well as names and other information .
I do n’t ask questions because “ they ” always seem to turn deceptive and misleading to me .
Sumption ’s followers claim they can assist the deceased victims of catastrophes to “ cross over . ”
A group of users are trying to contact the victims of the Haiti earthquake that struck January 12 , 2010 .
My guide David just came back for a few hours tonight Bruce , then he just now left again , had to go back , seems they have now over 400,000 coming in , either to the light or going to lower plains , he says they are “ not all Christian ” it ’s because they have a bit of the Voodoo religion mixed in with it I guess
He says , “ it ’s a mix of Christianity and Voodoo . ”
9
Sumption ’s cronies also claim that the Frank ’s Box can be used for solving crimes , finding missing persons , medical research , and in the diagnosis and treatment of disease .
One user reports : “ I asked about Autism and I heard : ‘ MAN MADE ’ and when I asked about vaccines ( being a cause ) I heard ‘ YES .
’10
Sumption believes that the Frank ’s Box is not the sole means by which he is contacted by entities .
He believes he has psychic abilities , revealing that he has “ visions ” and also hears “ voices ” through his television , through running water , and that he even hears messages in his head , such as his wife calling him to dinner .
He also invented the Video - Box , a device made from a VCR tuner module , with which he claims to have captured an image of a “ Man In Black . ”
Sumption contends that his devices provide “ proof of an afterlife . ”
However , he insists that the phenomenon is “ not paranormal , ” which to him refers to magic and witchcraft .
To Sumption , Frank ’s Box is technology .
“ It functions on the quantum level , ” he explained .
“ What do you mean by ‘ quantum ’ ? ” I asked .
He shrugged his shoulders and admitted , “ I do n’t know . ”
Sumption ’s beliefs and claims are inconsistent , and once he announced on his site Frank ’S Boxes : “ The box does not work …
But I will leave the site up for people that would like to tinker with it .
” 11
Sumption explained that making the Frank ’s Boxes is a hobby that he does not profit from .
He has made over sixty of these devices , but they have not evolved considerably in design except in size and one recent addition .
The spirits told him to add crystals but did not explain what kind to use or how to attach them ; they are not connected to the wiring in any practical manner , “ But they seem to help clarify the voices for some entities , as do magnets used in the same way . ”
Sumption has posted his schematics online so anyone can build a similar device from scratch .
But apparently , the most “ effective ” boxes are the Sumption originals .
Sumption brought along a Frank ’s Box Number 63 , a compact unit stored in a Rubbermaid container .
We each took turns using the device .
Sumption suggested we select the AM band as these channels feature more speech than music , but none of us could produce more than a string of unintelligible noise .
Sumption suggests users record their sessions and try techniques to elicit messages :
For me , it works better to announce out loud I ’m doing an EVP recording , and just record a few minutes , then I give a five second count down to indicate I ’m stopping –just to be polite , and do n’t forget a “ thank you . ”
I do n’t do any protection BS , and no prayers , that just seems to tell yourself there ’s something to fear .
I prefer to listen off tape–analog tape .
I use tape recorders that have the “ que ” and “ review ” functions .
Digital recorders work ok as well , and have the que and review function , but they tend to lack a large speaker .
Curiously , I have on rare occasion been able to ask a question , or make a comment while listening to a recording and get a meaningful - instant response from tape .
I ca n’t tell if the recording changed , they made it like that ahead of time , or it ’s just perception .
For those wondering about the nature of these miraculous messages , Sumption lists some recent examples on the EVP - ITC list : “ This is from tonight , start out ‘ crystals inside the box ’ — ‘ Frank Sumption is keeping this ’— ‘ C’mon Purple–Keep
This – box ’— ‘ we love you Princess , ’ , and ‘ this is Otto . ’ ”
Sample recordings of messages such as “ Purple – Good Morning ” and “ Purple Bitch – We use the radio ” can be downloaded at Frank ’s Boxes .
Sumption is also a proponent of Reverse Speech and believes some messages are hidden in the data but are revealed when played backwards .
At the end of the meeting Baxter asked , “ Can we take a photo of the Frank ’s Box ? ”
“ You can borrow it , ” Sumption offered .
Testing , Testing , Testing …
Sumption has a history of loaning Frank ’s Boxes to interested parties to “ test . ”
These loans have often resulted in bitter battles about ownership and application .
Despite Sumption ’s generosity in making his devices available for “ research ” purposes , he is resistant to experimental research and the critical evaluation of his claims .
Sumption and his biased believer beta testers are not interested in testing their hypotheses but in collecting data that is confirmation bias for their beliefs .
They also have a suspicion of science and misunderstand the scientific method .
In e-mail correspondence he states :
I opened it up to all experimentors in and attempt to verify my results , which is in fact an application of scientific method , known as peer review .
I am open to honest box discussion , however , believe it or not I am not a true believer .
I do n’t buy anyone ’s dogma- religeous , newage or scientific .
I do n’t sell anything , I share all information freely , I do this work strickly out of curiosity , and I do n’t have an agenda to prove or disprove .
Sumption seems to believe that as the builder of the Boxes only he knows how the devices truly work and how they are to be used : “ What really chaps my hide , as maker of the box , is to have someone who knows nothing of electronics , and technology completely ignore everything I say about the box , and presume to tell me how it really works , how it should be used , and what is acceptable from it .
” 12
Sumption claims that any results are private messages intended for the listener only , and that subjectivity is the strength of his device .
Testing is irrelavent !
It ’s not the device , it ’s the user .
The messages received are for the user , and rarely does anyone hear the same thing as the original listener .
You test it by use , you judge it by what comes through and what it means to you , you ca n’t play the sound snipets to a panel of numbnuts ( objective listeners ) ) and expect to get an unbiased / honest test .
No two people hear the same , so an “ objective listener ” is an insult to most people doing this work .13
In personal correspondence , Sumption denied the existence of objective fact , saying “ There is no objective hard physical truth or universe .
We all create what we want to see , and everyone thinks their truth supersedes everyone else ’s truth . ”
However , some users claim that the occasional recording of a word , identifiable to some listeners , means that the results are objective .
If there is no consensus , the operator is psychic .
“ Tom ” explains :
The fact that the operator CAN and DOES make recordings and files of understandable words and phrases shows that we are dealing with an OBJECTIVE rather than a subjective phenomenon here .
Two things appear to be going on though .
First there is an actual voice modulated signal .
Different people who listen to it often hear the same thing .
The sound is not perfect and is very noisy , so that would explain others who cannot hear the message .
The second thing is that some people can listen to the noise as a “ random field , ” and with a slightly altered state of mind , this field will induce latent “ mediumship ” ability in the operator and he or she will get a lot more information and voice material than another listener .
14
There are no consistent claims about the Box .
Different users have conflicting theories and agendas .
That Which We Call A Frank ’s Box By Any Other Name … Would n’t Work Either
After Sumption , Christopher Moon is the biggest advocate of the Frank ’s Box .
Moon is a “ professional paranormal investigator , ” senior editor of Haunted Times magazine , and founder of Ghost Hunter University .
He was once a “ primary tester ” of the Box , spurring Sumption to remark that Moon was the only person who understood how the device “ should ” be used .
That is , until Moon turned the Box into a business .
He permanently borrowed a few Frank ’s Boxes from Sumption , installed the device in a fancy display case , rebranded it the “ Telephone to the Dead , ” and fashioned himself as a necromancer who “ summons the dead . ”
Haunted Times tells the story as Moon sees it .
Skeptical , Christopher met with Mr. Sumption at his workshop for a demonstration .
Christopher was astounded to find that the device that Frank Sumption had built was actually designed through the EVP of deceased scientists .
It quickly became obvious to Christopher what Frank Sumption had done ; he had completed the infamous Thomas Edison Telephone to the Dead.15
Sumption retorts : “ I did not make a ‘ telephone to dead , ’ I do n’t kow what the f— that is , and I do n’t endorse it !
Nor do I appreciate my name being connected to the so called ‘ Telephone to dead ’ on every friggin ’ ad for Moon ’s public appearances . ” 16
If it was even possible , Moon exaggerates the wild claims .
Further to Sumption ’s belief that he has regular spirit contacts such as Otto , Moon developed the idea that each Box has an operator assigned on the other side , known as a “ Spirit Technician . ”
Contrary to Sumption ’s belief that the message is intended for and meaningful to the user only , Moon claims that he can decipher the “ messages ” like an oracle with the assistance of his Technicians .
Thomas Edison is one of these spirit operators , but the dependable “ Tyler ” is his favorite Technician .
As Engineer Paul Turner explained in personal correspondence : “ Mr. Moon claims to be one of the few who can interpret these random noises and claims to be making direct real - time contact with the dead using Thomas Edison ’s spirit as some type of cosmic switchboard operator . ”
Sumption responds to the Spirit Technician theory but in doing so contradicts his own view that the messages are personal and intended for the listener only .
“ Even if anyone else could hear the voices , why do you need someone to interpret what ’s veing said .
I say if not many can hear it , of something similar , it ai n’t real !
” 17
Confusingly , he told me in person that there “ may be something to the idea of Spirit Technicians . ”
However , Sumption disputes Moon ’s claim that Edison is a contact with the persuasive EVP , “ Grandpa Edison never spoke to Chris , ” as evidence .
Moon further claims there are only thirty chosen people who can correctly hear and “ translate ” the messages received via the Box .
The spirits told him so .
Unsurprisingly , Moon is a chosen one , as is his psychic mother and theatrical medium Chip Coffey .
Foolhardy amateurs who are not chosen run the risk of encountering evil entities and opening portals to demons .
Unfortunately , Moon has a cult - like following .
With his assistants Dina Everling and Michelle “ Babs ” Babiarz in tow , Moon provides a ( dis ) service with the glorified Frank ’s Box .
He conducts private consultations and public readings , charging $ 100 per fifteen minutes .
For an additional fee he offers his spirit translation and third - party expert analysis of the “ messages . ”
Unlike the inane “ phrases ” and “ words ” that Sumption receives , Moon ’s messages include whole sentences — that only Moon can hear .
His machine produces an incomprehensible snippet of sound , but his translations suddenly decode long - winded messages featuring complex concepts and complete sentences .
Like a magic wand , rabbit , and hat , Moon has featured the Telephone to the Dead as his gimmick in productions such as TruTv ’s patently ridiculous Door to the Dead , a television show following a team of credulous ghost hunters in their investigation of a Hollywood hired “ haunted ” house .
Herein lies the most poignant criticism of the Frank ’s Box and all other forms of spirit “ communication . ”
Using these devices to provide a service is a scam ; while using them at all is futile , charging money from vulnerable , grieving victims is unconscionable .
Moon ’s ploy is to carry out personal or public readings and then to leverage this client list by contacting these people and promising , “ The telephone is calling for you . ”
But you ’ll have to pay for a session to receive the message .
18 Turner adds :
Many of Moon ’s customers or victims have spoken out against him saying that they were not happy with the session , then weeks after the session he contacts them again saying he has talked to their loved one and that he has the information they were looking for .
But it will cost an additional fee .
A YouTube video shows
Moon giving a public performance of the device at a college .
It is distressing to watch .
In this cold reading , a young girl asks the tragic question , “ I love you , and I want to know …was it an accident ? ”
We hear nothing but white noise as Moon announces flatly , “ No . ” The girl bursts into tears , and Moon adds , “ But you knew that . ”
He tries to console her with feigned sympathy , “ He said it ’s okay .
He said it ’s okay .
He said it ’s okay .
” 19
Jeannette Osborne , a former client of Moon ’s , is a guest on the Reap Sow Radio episode “ Dark Side of the Moon . ”
Seeking “ something tangible ” to prove there is life after death , Osborne spent thousands of dollars having sessions with Moon .
During these readings she was told her family was plagued by demons , and she underwent two exorcisms via the device , which she calls “ Boxercisms . ”
She received unsubstantiated warnings about her son , a soldier stationed in Iraq , and she even exposed Moon ’s deception by planting bogus information , which he fed back to her as fact .
She also recounts the heartbreaking story of nursing her dying brother , and how she created a code word for him to send from beyond the grave via the Telephone to the Dead.20
Sumption has publicly criticized Moon ’s methods and ludicrous theories , but his complaints often center around the fact that Moon has neglected to return , or pay for , the Boxes Suption has loaned to him , with which Moon turns a considerable profit .
While Sumption ’s assumptions are scientifically ignoble , he believes his “ personal research ” and noncommercial use of the device are somehow noble compared to Moon ’s money - making schemes .
Neither position makes the public use of Frank ’s Box any more ethical or the device any more legitimate .
Both Sumption and Moon exploit the public with their claims and practices .
Opening a Pandora ’s Box
I was very fortunate to be able to enlist the assistance of a number of skeptics with backgrounds in engineering and electronics to assess the Frank ’s Box .
Because I would have had difficulty getting the Frank ’s Box through airport security , the device remains in Colorado .
Project Engineer Paul
Turner examined a series of photographs of the device , and after originally commenting that it was an “ elementary school class project , ” he provided the following technical explanation of the model .
The Frank ’s Box Model 63 that you possess is an alleged Instrumental TransCommunication ( ITC ) device , the term would imply a two - way communication between the spirit world and that of the living .
However , after examining the photographs you provided and the builder ’s own schematics , I fail to see where or how this two - way communication occurs as the device itself is nothing more than an AM / FM receiver with modifications .
Without a personal examination it is of course difficult to unlock any great secrets the box may contain .
The results that the builder claims would be a matter of personal belief in the metaphysical .
The First Circuit in the chain is a salvaged RCA AM / FM tuner card .
It would appear to have come from an older tabletop style radio .
The first thing that struck me as unusual about the card is that the builder placed two quartz crystals on the tuning coil using antenna lead and silicon to secure them between the coil and the housing .
It is not possible for these crystals to interact with the tuner , except for the slight possibility the crystals , acting as spacers for the excess antenna lead , could slightly change the characteristics of the reception of the tuner , perhaps reducing its selectivity .
Or this is an attempt by the builder to make the device seen more magical .
There are two hand wired circuit boards , which again seen to be populated with a combination of new and salvaged parts .
These parts are wired to a proto - board , normally used for prototype circuits .
One containing the modifications necessary to linear scan the tuner , this is accomplished using the XR 2206 function generator integrated circuit .
This IC generates the sawtooth wave which enables the modified tuner to scan frequencies from top to bottom then back again .
This is the same process as spinning a tuner knob on an old - style radio up and down the dial .
The adjustment for the rate of scan is controlled by an attenuator on the front face .
This board also contains the preamps and microphone amplifier for an external echo box which is optional .
The speaker for the echo box is driven by the RAW speaker output on the front panel , the volume being controlled by the RAW drive attenuator on the front panel .
The return microphone from the echo box when the switch is engaged would only feed the line output jack , which then could feed a recording device .
The workmanship of the device is sloppy , it would appear to be an effort of trial and error as opposed to a well - thought out design .
While some of the circuits are clever it is in no way elegant or innovative ; perhaps a better classification would be haphazard .
I speculate that the builder has a rudimentary knowledge of electronics , perhaps at a ham radio level or late 1970 ’s trade school .
So if entities indeed gave him the knowledge to build the device as he states in his schematics apparently they did not keep up with the technical journals .
In conclusion , the Frank ’s Box Model 63 does an adjustable linear sweep of the AM or FM band depending on which is selected .
The result is a random noise generator .
It does not have the capability of receiving any signals except that of the AM or FM broadcast band .
It does not have transmit capability .
Its sole function is to linear sweep the broadcast band producing bits and pieces of audio from those broadcast stations .
Since the claim is that spirits speak through the random noise , I could well see that after a few moments of listening to this random audio , the sensory trait of pareidolia would come into play creating false positives .
This is the only logical explanation to the builder ’s claims .
You Say Potato ; I Say Gobbledygook
The supposed efficacy of the Frank ’s Box hinges on its output .
However , these results are unconvincing .
The communication is incomprehensible , subjective , and incapable of being replicated .
Most of all , it is n’t actually communication .
The recordings made by the Frank ’s Box and similar devices include random words , word fragments , language - like sounds , music , and radio noise .
They do not exhibit the features that characterize natural language .
There is no grammar ; the “ messages ” are pieced together , and they do not produce authentic utterances .
The most important distinction to make is that these collective sounds do not constitute “ speech . ”
The data from the Frank ’s Box may contain bits of speech , but it is n’t speech .
The alleged messages are construed to suit the agenda of the listener .
The claim that “ I love you ” is heard confirms the bias that the believer has contacted Uncle Bruce , while the skeptics laugh when their question , “ Is Chris Moon a fraud ? ” is answered by a car salesperson - like “ Guaranteed !
”
21
This kind of evidence is anecdotal only .
Frank ’s
Box aficionados listen to their devices obsessively to acquire “ Class A ” recordings ( that are still very poor ) .
For them it is addictive like a psychic slot machine , and they are convinced by the pay - offs : the subjectively more intelligible sounds .
But these are merely better quality gibberish .
Moreover , the “ messages ” are nonsensical and do not contain information .
They are meaningless from a pragmatic perspective , but they are infused with meaning by the listener .
This is idiosyncratic meaning based in personal experience ; it is individual but not shared meaning .
However , sometimes this meaning can be shared artificially .
Listeners are suggestible and want to hear something meaningful .
As believers , they are often expecting to hear something .
They are selective listeners who mark the hits and ignore the misses , sometimes even “ recognizing ” the “ voices . ”
In this mindset they have a tendency to be lead and to conform their perception to what others think they hear .
Michael Shermer calls this “ priming ” the brain to see or hear something .
22 Having others hear what you hear seems to legitimize the results .
However , even if more than one person arrives at the same interpretation , it is still subjective .
Indeed , many believe there is a special way to “ hear ” the messages and that this ability requires practice , sensitivity , training , and time .
Tom explains , “ In some cases the ‘ impression ’ is not as ‘ clean ’ and one has to develop ‘ an ear ’ so to speak , to hear them ( like sea legs , but for EVP ) .
” 23
To make the results more persuasive , some users edit the recordings , ostensibly cleaning up the ambient noise , but often affecting the result .
It ’s not that the messages are garbled or inaudible to begin with , it ’s that they are n’t messages at all .
As Baxter put it to me in conversation , “ The longer you listen to it the more it seems to make sense , like looking for patterns in clouds . ”
In personal correspondence , Sumption states :
When I first started making the linear sweep boxes , at first all I could hear was gibberish , then all the sudden I could hear “ the guys ” talking to me .
It seems not everyone can hear it , especially just starting out .
It takes time to tune in the ear , and maybe develop some intuition .
The box is extremely complicated , and talking about it for a mere two hours just is not enough time , two years would be better .
It takes time to develop a feel for the communications .
I get very frustrated when I get voices that seem perfectly clear , and no one else can hear it .
I do n’t know the mental mechanisms involved , maybe a new brain circuit has to be created , or maybe the the possibility of the box function has to be “ allowed . ”
I do n’t think the skeptic allows this possibility , there fore they are stuck on “ it does n’t work . ”
The best explanation for this phenomenon is that listeners are experiencing a form of pattern recognition known as apohenia , a kind of audio pareidolia .
Shermer prefers the more user - friendly term patternicity , which he explains in this instance as “ finding meaningful patterns in meaningless noise . ”
The “ messages ” are perceptual errors .
The Frank ’s Box and similar devices have even been debunked by promoters of EVP .
In a listening test of the Mini - Box made by Paranormal Systems , the author determines that the radio sweep method for collecting EVP only produces pareidolia .
The paper concludes : “ While we have not been able to find reason to think the technology produces EVP , we have found substantial reason to think it does not .
” 24
One theory down , one to go …
The Frank ’s Box is used as a cold reading tool .
The meaning is supplied by the reader , the listener , and the client .
The responses are coincidental , like finding water when dowsing , randomly selecting a “ prophetic ” reading from the Bible , and all other forms of divination .
These devices are tarot cards for the technological age .
The Frank ’s Box is no more “ technology ” than a Parker Brothers Ouija board … but with its underlying malicious intent and mental instability , it ’s no game .
Ironically , the natural explanation for the data acquired from the Frank ’s Box can be found in a quote from Sumption himself : “ It ’s not ‘ picking up ’ the dead , presummably .
As I understand it ’s operation ‘ they ’ use the existing bits of speech , mucis and noise to remodulate inot their own voices .
Of course , that remains a guess as to how it works .
” 25
As he admits , his “ remodulation ” theory is a guess , and the alleged messages are simply composed of ordinary speech , music , and noise .
We ’ll allow Sumption to have the final say about his broken radio : “ EVP is useful only to the experience , I guess .
Yet another reason why I hesitate to build more boxes , there ’s no way to determine if it works , or is it just imagination / perception . ”
26
Acknowledgements
Sincere thanks to Paul Turner , Matthew Baxter , Bryan Bonner , and Stu Hayes for their invaluable assistance in researching , examining , and testing the Frank ’s Box .
Konstantinos .
1995 .
Ghost Voices : Exploring the mysteries of electronic voice phenomena .
Popular Electronics .
October issue , pp.37 –41 . Association Transcommunication .
Available at atransc.org .
Accessed 1/21/10 . Frank ’S Boxes .
Available at purplealiengirl.tripod.com .
Accessed 1/17/10 . EVP -ITC .
Available at tech.groups.yahoo.com .
Accessed 1/19/10 . History Detectives .
PBS .
Season 7 , Episode 1 . Available at pbs.org .
Museum of Hoaxes .
Available online at museumofhoaxes.com .
Accessed 1/19/10 .
Thomas Edison National Historical Park .
Available a www.nps.gov/archive/edis/edifun/edifun_4andup/faqs_fables.htm#talk.
Accessed 1/20/10 .
Bonner , Bryan .
In print .
The History of the Frank ’s Box .
Modern Paranormal Investigator .
Inside the Box / Ghost Box Research .
Available at tech.groups.yahoo.com .
Accessed 1/20/10 .
Speaking to the Dead with Radios .
Available at tech.groups.yahoo.com .
Accessed 1/16/10 . Frank ’S Boxes .
Available at purplealiengirl.tripod.com /.
Accessed 1/18/10 . EVP -ITC Yahoo Group .
Available at tech.groups.yahoo.com .
Accessed 1/20/10 . EVP -ITC Yahoo Group .
Available at tech.groups.yahoo.com .
Accessed 1/19/10 . EVP -ITC Yahoo Group .
Available at tech.groups.yahoo.com .
Accessed 1/18/10 .
What is the Telephone to the Dead ?
Haunted Times .
Volume 4 , Issue 3 , Winter 2010 , p.28 .
Bonner , Bryan .
In print .
The history of the Frank ’s Box .
Modern Paranormal Investigator .
EVP -ITC Yahoo Group .
Available at tech.groups.yahoo.com .
Accessed 1/19/10 . Dark Side of the Moon. Reap Sow Radio .
Available at reapsowradio.podomatic.com .
You Tube .
Available at youtube.com .
Accessed 1/19/10 . Dark Side of the Moon. Reap Sow Radio .
Available at reapsowradio.podomatic.com .
Accessed 1/19/10 . Ibid. Michael Shermer .
Telephoning to the dead .
Scientific American .
January 2009 .
p.46 . EVP-ITC Yahoo Group .
Available at tech.groups.yahoo.com .
Accessed 1/20/10 .
Butler , Tom. Radio Sweep : A Case Study .
Association TransCommunication .
Available at atransc.org .
Accessed 1/20/10 . Skeptic Blog. Box of Fiends .
Available at skepticblog.org .
Accessed 1/19/10 . Ibid .
Accessed 1/19/10 .
The UK ’s controversial Digital Economy Bill has tonight been voted into law by the House of Commons .
Among many other things , the Bill supports compulsory internet disconnection for persistent internet pirates and making owners of publicly accessible wi-fi hotspots liable for piracy committed on their connections .
Powers for copyright holders to force ISPs to block access to websites they say are hosting illegally copied files were toned down in the Bill ’s third reading but if a court suspects piracy on site , it can still be blocked .
These are draconian measures that , with an internet connection becoming almost fundamental to life in the UK , will have a huge social impact .
That the Bill will now become law has caused something of a stir amongst switched - on , net savvy people in the UK .
While many of these people felt democracy failed tonight , social media was a big winner …
Democracy FAIL
Here ’s basically what happened :
A handful of MPs showed up to debate the Bill during its third reading .
Most of them opposed parts of the Bill and thought that it needed more time to be debated after the General Election that takes place next month .
Great points were made , including the fact that Wikileaks would be banned for hosting copyright infringing material , despite the fact that it operates for a wider social good , not for profit .
Then the Bill was voted on .
Lots more MPs who had n’t been in the debate turned up and voted the way they ’d been told to by their party whip .
The Bill passed 189 for to 47 against .
Oh , and 419 MPs did n’t even show up .
For an important bill with a huge impact on Britain ’s future , that ’s a shocking disappointment .
Social Media WIN
While many people will be disappointed with the result tonight , it ’s shown how social media has the potential to improve transparency in government .
Firstly , thousands of people were following tonight ’s events via the BBC ’s live web video feed and discussing it on Twitter using the #debill hashtag .
Several tweets made the point that politics would be very different if the House of Commons had a Twitter backchannel so MPs could see what the public really thought about what was happening .
This would n’t necessarily work all the time ; not all bills attract quite as much interest from smart , tech savvy people .
However , it was quite a spectacle to watch MPs speak on the video feed and then see a swarm of tweets instantly pass judgement on what was said .
If those tweets were fed back somehow to the MPs , it truly would be democracy in action .
In the case of one MP , the tweets probably were getting through .
Labour MP Tom Watson , a heavy Twitter user , was seen checking his iPhone during the debate .
Could he have been following the #debill hashtag ?
On past form , we ’d say it ’s likely the answer is probably yes .
Watson showed himself to be one of the only voices in parliament to truly understand the new digital world , and the support for him in amongst those using the #debill hashtag was immense .
Once the debate was over and the voting was on , Watson started tweeting and he showed that he voted on his principles , not as he had been told to by the party whip …
Breaking whip is a big deal for MPs .
To admit it on Twitter so emotively is a significant move by Watson .
If only more MPs were so candid .
Meanwhile , over 3000 people have so far chosen to “ not recognise ” the Digital Economy Bill using a site called What Digital Economy Bill ?
It ’s a valid form of protest , although we ’re pretty sure the courts wo n’t take that as a defence when they cut off your internet connection !
Read next : Photo Translator
App coming to N900 , OCR becoming a reality
OK , skip this piece if you do n't like expletives .
I am only lukewarm about them myself , but there 's no other way of describing this .
So anyway , I had reservations about even signing into Chatroulette , because apparently one in 10 of your chat partners is wanking .
My boyfriend , C , said : " That 's just the odds of life , though , is n't it ?
One in 10 … "
" WHAT ?
What life ?
Do I even know you ? "
We eyeballed each other .
It was like the Bay of Pigs for a second .
" Oh , wanking , " he said .
" I thought you said wanky . "
The first was this really handsome Argentinian chap .
He looked like Che Guevara .
" You look like Che Guevara , " I offered .
" I am a revolutionary , " he said .
" My revolution is to make the attractive older woman feel young again . "
That really is what he said .
I tried to get a screen grab but I did n't , at that point , know how to do it .
" This is one of the penalties of being the older internet user , " I said .
" It is good , " he returned .
" I can be UR secret . "
Oh man .
This is making me feel so much sicker than some honest masturbation .
The next person skipped me straight away .
And the next one .
I 'm ready to slit my wrists now .
The next one was a foxy young woman , so I skipped her , but as a courtesy I told her first that I could n't think of anything to say that might interest her .
C was hovering behind me , I realised .
As if I 'm not offputting enough on my own !
I shooed him to his own computer .
The next was a screen that said " bra , boobs , arse , cock " ( my punctuation ) .
The next was a woman giving a man a blowjob ( they skipped me ) .
C suddenly says from the other side of the room : " You get lots of cock but no actual erections . "
Coincidentally , I was for that split second able to say : " I 've got an erection . "
If you could hear us without the words , you 'd think we were polyfilla - ing our skirting boards .
A young fat lady in a hat came on , and skipped me .
An American man , a picture of resigned depression , asked me if it was raining in London .
I skipped him .
C said : " Put the dog in front of the webcam , then hide . "
I tried to get the dog into the chair , which has wheels , and he was totally appalled .
Idiot , idiot !
Why did n't I just move the laptop to the sofa ?
I am too old for this game .
Another cock .
And another .
Two women , masturbating , then an incredibly lurid close - up of an anus .
They should call it wank - roulette , although these odds are about one in four .
They should call it wank - worse - odds - than - roulette .
Or - better - depending - on - what - you 're - after .
Several people were injured when a flash mob of at least 100 converged at Broad and South Streets on May 30 .
A 54 - year - old man riding his bicycle home from work was critically injured when he beaten by a group of young men .
A cabdriver was assaulted and robbed at 12th and South .
And two people were pulled from a vehicle on Broad Street and assaulted and robbed .
En Español
In a drama unfolding inside Room 504 of California ’s Northern District Court , former patrol officer Lori Dutra ’s lawyers are making their case against four female officers , who Dutra says harassed and defamed her because of her sexuality .
Dutra , 33 , alleges she suffered reverse discrimination at the Mission District Police Station at the hands of Sergeant Marta McDowell , retired Sergeant Kimberly Reynolds , Sergeant Lynn Reilly , and retired Sergeant Carri Lucas–all but the latter identify as lesbians .
Dutra has also filed suit against the City and County of San Francisco for allowing the discrimination to take place .
“ This is a case about discrimination , ” Phyllis Andelin , Dutra ’s lawyer said in her opening statement on Monday .
“ Dutra is the minority within the majority . ”
By “ majority , ” Andelin referred to the assertion that many gay and lesbian officers ask to be assigned to the Mission Station because it serves the Castro area .
“ There is a family - type feeling there , ” said Dutra in testimony all day Tuesday .
“ The diversity in the district and the type of work that was to be done in the district attracted gay and lesbian officers . ”
Dutra , who worked in the Mission for five years , said “ non-lesbian women were treated differently , ” and tended to leave the station .
Dutra , who dated both men and women , said she became the object of harassment by some of the female officers at the station after she began a committed relationship with a man in March of 2007 .
She is now on maternity leave , but plans to return to work at the Police Academy .
“ I was so excited about [ the relationship ] , I wanted to show my friend Marta McDowell his picture , ” testified Dutra .
“ I did , and she said ‘ he looks like a wetback . ’ ”
During a break in the opening arguments on Monday , Efrian Arellano , Dutra ’s fiancé , said , “ They work in a Latino area and they ’re profiling people .
They represent the city , and this is not a good sign . ”
In the defense ’s opening statement , Attorney Lisa Berkowitz denied that her clients made any such remarks .
Dutra , Andelin argued , befriended many of the lesbian officers during her time at Mission Station and was an active San Francisco Police Officers ’
Pride Alliance member , yet maintained she never considered herself to be a lesbian — although her co-workers may have .
“ She dated men , and she may have dated women .
So what ? ”
Andelin said in an interview outside of the courtroom .
In her opening argument she said , “ Her sexual orientation has nothing to do with her job performance . ”
Dutra received consistently positive performance evaluations by her superiors , including McDowell .
That changed in March of 2008 .
That month , McDowell and two other defendants wrote memos accusing her of being “ too emotional ” to perform her duties as a police officer .
The memos were sent up the chain of command in the SFPD , leading to Dutra ’s removal from her assignment at the Mission Station .
She was temporarily transferred , allegedly without an initial explanation , to the Behavioral Science Unit on Treasure Island .
“ I considered these memos to be an invasion of my privacy , ” Dutra testified Tuesday .
“ It ’s not anybody ’s business in the chain of command — who I did n’t tell myself — to know who I ’m sleeping with . ”
The memos accused Dutra of addiction and gambling problems , as well as having an “ addiction to drama ” that the authors believed influenced her work at the station .
“ They were simply documenting what they saw and sending it up the chain of command , ” argued Berkowitz in her opening statement .
“ They thought the problem was serious enough that they had to act . ”
Dutra said that the memos affected her pending promotion .
The memos , she said , bypassed SFPD ’s standard disciplinary procedures , meant to reprimand officers before a problem becomes acute , because they passed up the chain of command without Dutra ’s knowledge .
“ The sergeants listed facts and objected behavior , ” argued Berkowitz .
“ They did not reveal any info that Dutra did n’t share with them . ”
“ There is no evidence in this case that the memorandum has affected her ability to get promoted , ” added Berkowitz .
Witness accounts and evidence will be presented for the duration of the trial , which is expected to continue for several weeks .
The rear rad looks like it hard up against the expansion slots , how the hell do you plug the in the monitor ?
Click to expand ...
This is a hydra , an ancient sea creature that flourishes today .
Credit : Todd Oakley , UCSB
By studying the hydra , a member of an ancient group of sea creatures that is still flourishing , scientists at UC Santa Barbara have made a discovery in understanding the origins of human vision .
The finding is published in this week 's issue of the Proceedings of the Royal Society B , a British journal of biology .
Hydra are simple animals that , along with jellyfish , belong to the phylum cnidaria .
Cnidarians first emerged 600 million years ago .
" We determined which genetic ' gateway , ' or ion channel , in the hydra is involved in light sensitivity , " said senior author Todd H. Oakley , assistant professor in UCSB 's Department of Ecology , Evolution and Marine Biology .
" This is the same gateway that is used in human vision . "
Oakley explained that there are many genes involved in vision , and that there is an ion channel gene responsible for starting the neural impulse of vision .
This gene controls the entrance and exit of ions ; i.e. , it acts as a gateway .
The gene , called opsin , is present in vision among vertebrate animals , and is responsible for a different way of seeing than that of animals like flies .
The vision of insects emerged later than the visual machinery found in hydra and vertebrate animals .
" This work picks up on earlier studies of the hydra in my lab , and continues to challenge the misunderstanding that evolution represents a ladder - like march of progress , with humans at the pinnacle , " said Oakley .
" Instead , it illustrates how all organisms -- humans included -- are a complex mix of ancient and new characteristics . "
Explore further ' Orphan ' genes play an important role in evolution
Henry Watkins " Hank " Skinner was supposed to be executed tomorrow , but last Tuesday a Gray County , Texas , District Court judge pushed the date back one month , to March 24 .
Skinner has been on Death Row in Texas since 1993 , awaiting execution for the murder of his girlfriend and her two sons .
He has maintained his innocence since his arrest , and investigators from the Northwestern University Journalism School 's Medill Innocence Project have shot numerous holes in the prosecution 's case .
But Texas officials refuse to conduct a simple DNA test that could point to the condemned man 's innocence or cement his guilt .
Skinner 's scheduled lethal injection comes shortly after Texas Gov. Rick Perry has removed sympathetic panelists from the state forensic committee 's investigation into the case of Cameron Todd Willingham and replaced them with panelists critics say are stymieing the investigation .
Willingham was executed in 2003 for murdering his three daughters by setting fire to his house .
Nine arson experts and an investigation published in the New Yorker last year have since made a strong case that Willingham was innocent of the crime .
At the same time , Texas , a notoriously enthusiastic enforcer of the death penalty , continues to lead the nation in DNA exonerations ( one county in Texas has produced more genetic exonerations than all but three states ) .
Which makes it all the more disturbing that biological evidence from Skinner 's crime scene remains untested , at the behest of prosecutors and backed up by the courts .
You 'd think given recent headlines that Texas might be a bit more reluctant to execute a possibly innocent man .
Skinner does n't dispute that he was in the house at the time his girlfriend was bludgeoned to death and her sons were stabbed to death .
But he says he was unconscious at the time , knocked out by a near - lethal mix of alcohol and codeine .
He was convicted because of his presence at the crime scene , because he had small spots of blood from two of the three victims on his shirt , and because of the testimony of a neighbor , Andrea Reed , who happens to be an ex-girlfriend of Skinner's .
Reed says Skinner came to her shortly after the crime and implicated himself to her .
According to court records , Skinner then told Reed a number of other implausible stories about who committed the murders .
Skinner 's case has been championed by the Medill Innocence Project , the team of professors and students that exposed deep flaws in the Illinois death penalty system ( ultimately leading to a moratorium on executions in the state ) , and has freed 11 people from prison , including five who had been condemned to death .
After years of investigation , the project has revealed a number of shortcomings in the state 's case against skinner .
Among them :
· Andrea Reed has since recanted her testimony .
She now says she was pressured by police and prosecutors to falsely incriminate Skinner .
In an interview with Medill students , she added that , " I did not then and do not now feel like he was physically capable of hurting anybody . "
·
The untested DNA included blood taken from the murder weapons , skin taken from under the fingernails of Skinner 's girlfriend , a rape test taken from her that included semen , and other blood and hair found at the scene .
Skinner asked his attorney to request the evidence be tested in a letter written in 1994 .
The attorney never made the request , stating later that he feared doing so would implicate his client .
· Skinner 's girlfriend had been stalked by an allegedly lecherous uncle , Robert Donnell .
Witnesses say Donnell had approached her at a party she attended the night of her death .
She left frightened , and he appeared to have followed her .
A friend says the uncle had raped her in the past .
Days after the murders , a neighbor reportedly saw the uncle thoroughly cleaning and repainting his truck .
· Skinner 's court - appointed attorney was a former prosecutor who had actually prosecuted Skinner on a minor assault and car theft charge years earlier .
Skinner 's two prior crimes — which his own attorney had prosecuted — were used as aggravating factors in the death penalty portion of his trial .
· According to a new report ( PDF ) by toxicology specialist Harold Kalant , a moderate drinker with the levels of codeine and alcohol Skinner had in his blood would have been comatose or dead .
A heavy drinker may have been rousable , but would have been " stuporous , " unlikely to have the coordination necessary to carry out three murders involving multiple stabbings and bludgeonings .
It is n't difficult to see why prosecutors do n't want the DNA tested .
They have an unsympathetic suspect that they can place at the scene of the crime .
If DNA suggests someone else bled or fought in the house that night , it does n't conclusively prove Skinner is innocent , but it does ( or at least ought to ) raise enough reasonable doubt to prevent his execution .
In 2000 DNA tests were conducted on blood taken from a roll of gauze and a cassette tape found in the house ; that blood did n't match Skinner , his girlfriend , or her sons .
The first possible outcome of testing the remaining evidence is that the DNA will match Donnell , the allegedly lecherous , threatening uncle .
Donnell has since died .
If tests show Donnell 's flesh under the victim 's fingernails , or his blood or semen at the scene , the state is left with the strong possibility that they let a murderer go free , brought an innocent man within a week of execution , and no longer have a live body they can try , convict , and execute .
The second possibility — that the untested evidence came from other , unknown parties — would n't necessarily prove Skinner 's innocence , but it would certainly complicate the state 's case against him .
But that 's still no reason to refuse the tests .
If we 're going to execute people for particularly heinous crimes , we have a moral obligation to ensure that every reasonable possibility of the suspect 's innocence has been explored and exhausted .
Ignoring evidence that complicates things falls well short of that obligation .
The third possible outcome from testing the remaining biological evidence is that DNA will come back a match only to Skinner or the victims .
That would go a long way toward affirming Skinner 's guilt .
All the more reason for conducting them .
After a conviction , the criminal justice system tends put a premium on finality , setting a high bar for reopening or retrying old cases .
Given the Willingham case and the spate of exonerations across Texas , perhaps it 's time the state put less emphasis on finality , and more on certainty .
DNA testing in Skinner 's case may not bring us closer to closing those 1993 murders , but it will bring us closer to discovering the truth about them .
In a capital case especially , that alone should be reason enough to to go through with the tests .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
Last time I wrote about the Canucks , I worried I might be going too far with my enthusiasm .
As exciting as the Kings series was , and as scary - good as the team looked towards the end of it , it was after all just one series .
I thought I was overdoing it , until City Hall decided to make me look meek and mild - mannered in comparison .
In a decision made by Gregor Robertson to cash in on the team ’s success while making the rest of us look like douchebags , overeager politicians declared Tuesday , April 23rd to be “ Canucks Day ” in Vancouver .
Robertson reasoned that “ it ’s never too early to have the Canucks flag at City Hall . ”
It ’s also never too late .
Instead of prematurely blowing your wad after one series , would n’t it be better to salute the team after their season is over ?
To thank them for diverting us from our troubles and taking us on a ride this year , however long that ride may last ?
I mean , what now .
Where do you go from here ?
What do you do should they beat Chicago and advance to the Conference Final to face Detroit ?
What if they go all the way ?
It ’s like the anti-limbo : how much higher can you raise the bar ?
The internet had a field day with it , and rightfully so .
It is embarrassing .
Journalists of all stripes took sarcastic shots at the city and its fans , culminating in this ultimate trolling attempt : the proclamation that Vancouver has the worst fans in all of Canada — even including the Jets and Nordiques to make the title sting a bit more .
Yes , because some tween girls held signs to support their dreamboat , we are all in love with Todd Bertuzzi .
Because some guy held a laser pointer , we all …
Oh forget it .
To try and dismantle that article piece by piece would be pointless .
It would imply that it holds up on its own without my deconstruction .
I ’d hope that the sweeping generalities on display are obvious to anyone , but in regards to the “ Luuuu ” thing , I ’ll say this : clearly the author is not a CFL fan .
Luongo is the most hated goalie in the league ?
Yeah , I ’m sure everyone east of the Rockies just ca n’t stand the guy for having the gall to win gold for this country after Brodeur faltered .
Well , maybe one person .
But enough of that .
I will admit , this city has its share of bad fans .
Awful ones , even .
There are those who hold Luongo to such a ridiculously high standard you ’d think this team had a long history of Hall of Fame goaltenders , and not would - be “ Goalies of the Future ! ”
There are others who will never give the Dangerfield twins the respect they deserve , who ca n’t wait to harp on them after so much as one quiet period .
There are others still who are so out of touch with the game they think Peter Forsberg and Paul Kariya are still the best players in it .
I have met and talked with these people , and they have annoyed me .
I have also taken their money in office pools .
Several times
I ’ve considered giving up on talking about hockey with strangers in this city , as it ’s not worth the risk of irritation .
Yet every time I get close to that , I ’ll meet someone who proves me wrong .
Someone who can laugh with me about our inept history .
Someone else who remembers the night Lee Goren scored a game - winning goal and was first star of the game ( when not even NHL.com properly remembers this ! ) , or who can wax nostalgic on the goaltending styles of one Martin Brochu .
Maybe it ’s an old - timer who still wags their head thinking about the time the team drafted J.J. Daigneault in the first round , and he hobbled to the podium on crutches .
These people have been through a lot , and have supported their team through the worst of times .
How else can you explain the sellout streak the club currently enjoys , when for the better part of Alain Vigneault ’s tenure the team employed the most suffocatingly boring brand of hockey this side of New Jersey ?
The truth is , every team has awful fans .
All of them .
And the more fans a team has , the higher number of awful fans there will be .
That ’s just basic probability .
We all know an insufferable Leafs fan , or two , or twenty .
You think the Habs do n’t have terrible fans ?
This is a city that rioted in the streets after a game that they won !
In the first round , no less !
A team that was once my second favourite in the league , only to plummet down the list during the Summer of Sundin .
For months on end we had to endure cries that Sundin would only go “ to a contender ” , a “ sure thing ” .
We were told that the Kostitsyns were better than the Sedins , that Price would soon be better than Luongo , and other such follies .
It made me want to hate the team to spite the fans , and I had to laugh when they were swept in the playoffs at the end of the year .
But this is foolishness .
Les Canadiens are the same team no matter who cheers for them , and these playoffs have reminded me why I love them so much .
Their fans are even more notoriously fickle than us west - coasters , but if they want to boo their own goalie , that ’s their business .
Go right ahead .
The players are still the same players , and not every fan is like that .
Sometimes marketing people come up with terrible ideas .
It happens .
I have n’t met a single person in this city who thought “ The 7th Man ” ceremony was anything short of awful .
I ’d be wrong to assume that the people of Ottawa are n’t utterly ashamed of this , and equally wrong to hold it against them .
My point is that as bad as the fans in Montreal can look from the outside , my experience in that city was completely different .
Slap a Latendresse shirt on my back and they were warm , friendly people who took me in with open arms .
I could say the same for the fans in Ottawa , Toronto , Calgary , Edmonton , and yes , even Vancouver .
There are bad apples everywhere , so why let them spoil the bunch ?
If City Hall wants to jump on the bandwagon while the team is still winning , that ’s their prerogative .
Just do n’t think it reflects on me .
I ’ll be cheering this team just as loudly should they be eliminated as I am now that they ’re in the thick of it , and there are plenty of others just like me .
Knowledgeable , reasonable people who love their team like good Canadians should — for whom fandom is a 12 - months - a - year gig .
Each fanbase has a bit of stupid in it .
We ’ve all got egg on our face .
It ’s time to step off the high horse and realize that .
Nick Clegg will launch a major campaign today to win the youth vote amid signs that young people are backing the Liberal Democrats in increasing numbers following last week 's televised leaders ' debate .
The Liberal Democrat leader , hoping to maintain the sudden surge for his party in the polls , will appeal to those aged 18 to 25 to register to vote before Tuesday 's deadline .
The move is similar to that launched by Barack Obama during his campaign for the White House .
Obama urged young Americans not to waste their vote and to join his campaign .
Clegg told the Observer : " I will be saying to young people that this is their chance to make a difference .
It will be a message of hope , but also one of urgency .
They can really affect this election campaign , but to do so they have to register . "
Clegg , who appealed to the electorate during the debate to " do something different " , saw his party leapfrog Labour into second , and cut the Tory lead to three points , in a You Gov poll yesterday .
A series of new polls out today are also impressive for the party and show a dramatic shrinking of the Tory lead .
A ComRes poll for the Independent on Sunday and Sunday Mirror puts David Cameron 's party on 31 % , the Lib Dems on 29 % and Labour on 27 % .
Two polls even suggest the party is now leading both Conservatives and Labour .
Such an outcome would give Gordon Brown 's party most seats in the Commons – perhaps explaining why Labour aides are more comfortable with the Lib Dem surge .
Campaigning in Bedford , Brown claimed to be the only leader of substance .
" As the dust settles after the first two weeks , people will have all their views about style and about presentation , " he said .
" But an election like this comes down to big choices people have to make about the big issues of the future . "
It comes as Cameron uses an article in today 's Observer to outline his vision for a Big Society .
He reveals a Tory government would make all government data available to the public unless there is good reason for it to remain private .
This plan would include releasing crime data on a street - by - street basis .
The Conservative leader was campaigning in his own constituency of Witney , Oxon , yesterday when he was berated by a former soldier .
The man , accompanied by his young daughter , confronted Cameron as he canvassed voters .
" I met you … years ago , my wife was pregnant with this one , " he said .
" Come back from Germany , nowhere to live , little one , just left the army – got back from Kosovo .
You gave me your card and you said , ' Give me a ring and I 'll help you out ' – 30 - odd phone calls and you did n't ring me back once . "
Cameron said he was " very sorry about that , because I try to answer all the emails , all the messages " , and asked if there was " anything I can do to help you now " , but was told the situation had been resolved .
Cameron aides said the local party chairman had spoken to the man and was following up the case .
The party will spend this week hitting back at the Liberal Democrats .
Poll data suggests the boost for Clegg 's party is coming largely from the under - 45s .
One poll gave Clegg 's party a huge lead – 44 points – among those aged 18 - 34 compared with 28 for the Conservatives and 24 for Labour .
Clegg knows that he will need to push for young people to register if he is to translate the support into votes on 6 May .
Figures issued last month by the Electoral Commission suggested that 56 % of those under 25 and eligible to vote were not on the electoral roll .
A surge in the past couple of weeks , however , saw 250,000 people register online , of whom 40 % were under 25 .
At the 2005 election , only 37 % of young people voted .
All three parties spent the weekend reassessing strategy following the first of the three television debates .
While Labour has seen its support fall after Brown came third in voters ' polls following the debate , the party accused Cameron of running scared of a television interview with the BBC 's most forceful interviewer , Jeremy Paxman .
Clegg appeared on the Paxman slot last Monday and Brown has also agreed to appear .
But Cameron aides said late yesterday that the Tory leader would take part in an interview .
This week Labour will try to turn the focus back on to the economy – the area judged most successful for Brown in Thursday 's debate – before the release of official figures on unemployment and economic growth .
Robin Hindery , Associated Press writer
SACRAMENTO , Calif . --
California lawmakers have a history of trying to keep the state 's air and waters clean .
Now they 're tackling language .
The state Assembly is scheduled to vote on a resolution Thursday calling for a statewide " Cuss Free Week , " to occur annually during the first week of March .
If approved , it would go to the state Senate for a final vote on Monday .
The rest of next week will be officially swear - word free if both houses approve the resolution .
The resolution by Assemblyman Anthony Portantino , D - La Canada Flintridge , was inspired by a South Pasadena teenager , McKay Hatch , who founded a No Cussing Club at his junior high school in 2007 .
His efforts to stamp out profanity have generated international attention , with 35,000 members joining the No Cussing Club 's Web site .
Portantino said the California Legislature -- known for imposing strict clean air and clean water laws -- is the first state legislative body in the nation to consider a statewide profanity - free week .
Hatch , now 16 , said he sees a link between cussing and drug use , bullying and other harmful behavior .
A cuss - free world would be a more harmonious one , he said .
" I want to bring as much awareness as I can to people about their language and how they 're speaking to each other , " Hatch said in a telephone interview Wednesday as he was headed to Sacramento .
" We need to stop tearing people down and uplift them instead . "
Portantino said his resolution is simply a guideline , a reminder to " act like you 're at your grandma 's house . "
There would be no enforcement mechanism included .
" We 're having fun with it , " the lawmaker said , adding that he expected the measure to receive bipartisan support in both houses .
Profanity is rare on the floor of the Assembly or Senate , where lawmakers of both parties try to maintain a sense of decorum even as they engage in heated arguments over legislation .
After one former lawmaker used the word " hell " in the Senate chambers in 2007 , senators took time out from a busy day of voting to debate whether it was appropriate to use the word on the floor .
Lawmakers eventually agreed to disagree .
If the Assembly approves the resolution , Portantino said he and his staff plan to deliver a " cuss jar " to the office of every state lawmaker and the governor .
Those who let a foul word slip would be encouraged to deposit money into the jar as penance , Portantino explained .
Chimpanzees may gather in hushed quiet to watch a fellow ape in her dying moments , and chimp mothers in the wild may carry their infants ' mummified remains for weeks , according to new research on how humanity 's closest living relatives deal with the deaths of those closest to them .
Insights into how chimpanzees respond to the death of one of their own are rare .
One such instance came with the final hours of Pansy , a chimp more than 50 years old who lived in a Scottish safari park .
In the days leading up to the elderly chimp 's peaceful demise in 2008 , her group was very quiet and moved to sleep near her , the researchers found .
Immediately before Pansy died , others groomed and caressed her often .
One male chimpanzee , Chippie , apparently tested her for signs of life as she died by closely inspecting her mouth and moving her limbs .
" When the adult male behaved as though he was testing Pansy for signs of life , it struck home that the chimpanzees might indeed have greater awareness of the difference between life and absence of life than we previously thought , " said researcher James Anderson , a primatologist at the University of Stirling in Scotland .
Soon after Pansy died , most of the chimpanzees left , but her daughter Rosie returned and remained by her mother all night .
" Several phenomena have at one time or another been considered as setting humans apart from other species — reasoning ability , language ability , tool use , cultural variation , and self - awareness , for example , but science has provided strong evidence that the boundaries between us and other species are nowhere near to being as clearly defined as many people used to think , " Anderson said .
" The awareness of death is another such psychological phenomenon . "
In the past , when researchers saw adult chimpanzees lost to some kind of sudden trauma such as a fall from a tree or a leopard attack , other apes often responded with a great deal of commotion .
" In contrast to the frenzied , noisy responses to traumatic adult deaths , the chimpanzees witnessing the female ’s death in our case were mostly calm , " Anderson said .
Frustration and consolation
Still , after Pansy died , Chippie did briefly attack the corpse three times , jumping or pounding on the body .
These might have been attempts to resuscitate her , the researchers speculated , or perhaps expression of anger or frustration over her death .
Afterward , his mother , Blossom , groomed him for an extraordinary amount of time , perhaps a sign of consolation and support .
" We know that feelings of denial and anger toward the deceased are quite common elements in our own response to bereavement , " Anderson said .
" It may be possible that Chippie was expressing something similar , in male chimpanzee fashion , with regard to Pansy . "
The chimpanzees cleaned Pansy by removing straw from her body the next day , and watched silently when keepers then removed her remains .
For several days they avoided sleeping on the platform where she died , even though it was normally a favored sleeping spot , and remained quiet and subdued for weeks after the death , eating less .
" In general , we found several similarities between the chimpanzees ' behavior toward the dying female , and their behavior after her death , and some reactions of humans when faced with the demise of an elderly group member or relative , even though chimpanzees do not have religious beliefs or rituals surrounding death , " Anderson said .
" The findings we 've described , along with other observations of how chimpanzees respond to dead and dying companions , indicate that their awareness of death is probably more highly developed than is often suggested , " he added .
" It may be related to their sense of self - awareness , shown through phenomena such as self - recognition and empathy towards others . "
Altogether , these findings " raise questions about the origins of some of our own ways of dealing with dying individuals , " Anderson told LiveScience .
Mummified infants
Feelings that chimps have for the dead are seen in the wild as well .
Scientists have followed a community of chimpanzees in the forests surrounding Bossou , Guinea , for more than three decades .
A flu - like respiratory ailment in 2003 claimed the lives of five of the apes , including two young infants — Jimato , a 1.2 - year - old male , and Veve , a 2.6 - year - old female .
The chimpanzee mothers showed a remarkable response to the death of their offspring , zoologist Dora Biro at the University of Oxford in England recalled .
" They continued to carry the corpses for weeks , even months , following death , " she said .
During that time , the corpses mummified completely , with the bodies drying out and losing all their hair .
Still , the mothers still cared for the bodies in ways reminiscent of how they were treated in life , even as the remains broke down .
They carried them everywhere during their daily activities , groomed them , took them into their day and night nests when they rested , and chased away flies that circled the cadavers .
" Of course there was an element of the macabre , but at the same time we were also very sad — this is a community we had studied for years , we knew each individual very well , we had watched the infants grow , and we had watched them succumb to the disease over a period of weeks , " Biro said .
" Their death and the mothers ' persistence in carrying the corpses were indeed tragic events for us . "
Over time , the mothers gradually left the infants behind , Biro and her colleagues found .
They allowed other chimpanzees within the group to handle them more and more often and tolerated longer periods of separation from them , including times when other infants and juveniles were allowed to carry off and play with the corpses .
Vuavua , the mother of Veve , eventually let go after 19 days , while Jire , Jimato 's mother , did so after 68 days .
" I suspect that at the very least with time the mothers did gradually come to appreciate the finality of the situation more and more , particularly as the infants came to look less and less like real infants , " Biro told LiveScience .
" Their persistence in holding on could have been a byproduct of the extremely strong bond that exists between chimpanzee mothers and their infants , a bond which , under normal circumstances , makes sure that the mother of a live infant never abandons it before it is ready to be independent .
Or it could have been their way of dealing with the death .
The latter is somehow similar to one of the reactions we have to the loss of our loved ones — feelings of a refusal to let go even if we do n't act on it in the same way as these chimp mothers did . "
Almost without exception , the other chimps showed no aversion toward the corpses , despite the intense smell of decay and their decomposed appearance .
Elsewhere , chimpanzees have been known to assault and even cannibalize dead infants , but no such violence was seen here , perhaps because of the largely vegetarian nature of this group of chimps at Bossou .
" They do n't hunt monkeys like chimps at many other sites do because there are n't any in their habitat , and only very occasionally do they capture other small mammals as prey , " Biro explained .
" So Bossou group members could have been less likely to perceive the bodies as potential food . "
Biro noted that a member of her team saw a very similar episode of dead infant carrying back in 1992 after the first time Jire lost an infant , a 2.5 - year - old female named Jokro , also to a respiratory ailment .
Jokro's loss might have played a part in why Jire carried her second dead infant Jimato for so long , Biro said , " but there are two other possibilities , " she added .
One has to do with Jire 's experience raising seven other infants , six of whom survived , one of which disappeared , fate unknown .
" In each case , this would have involved extended periods — years — of full - time care , of not abandoning the infant until it was ready to leave , " Biro said .
" She could have thus grown accustomed to the fact that carrying and protecting offspring was tantamount to infant survival .
This is why we think she may have carried her infant 's remains for considerably longer than the other , first - time mother , Vuavua . "
Another possible factor behind why Jire hung onto Jimato longer than Vuavua carried Veve was because Jimato was younger than Veve when he died , when Jimato was still very reliant on his mother .
" Jire may have been responding in an age - appropriate manner , much less willing to leave the infant behind , " Biro said .
Perception of death fascination
Future research should aim to shed light on the extent to which chimpanzees understand and are affected by the death of a close relative or cohort , Biro said .
" How they perceive death is a fascinating question , and little data exist so far concerning chimpanzees ' responses to the passing of familiar or related individuals either in captivity or in the wild , " Biro said .
" This would both have implications for our understanding of the evolutionary origins of human perceptions of death and provide insights into the way chimpanzees interpret the world around them . "
Other primates have been known to carry infant corpses as well , including ring - tailed lemurs and mountain gorillas , albeit only for a few days .
A strong mother - infant bond is actually a feature of primates in general — " primate infants are born completely helpless and undergo a slow process of maturation during which time they are completely reliant on the mother , " Biro said .
" So the fact that dead - infant - carrying is seen in other species of primates is not so surprising . "
Chimpanzees are humans ' closest living evolutionary relatives , " and they have already been shown to resemble us in many of their cognitive functions — they empathize with others , have a sense of fairness , and can cooperate to achieve goals , " Biro said .
" Our observations confirm the existence of an extremely powerful bond between mothers and their offspring which can persist , remarkably , even after the death of the infant . "
Both teams of scientists detailed their findings in the April 27 issue of the journal Current Biology .
Fuel cell technology is the perpetual underdog to electric vehicle tech–almost every major automaker has an EV planned for the next few years , but fuel cell vehicles are largely being kept on the back burner just in case public interest suddenly heats up .
SunHydro is betting that it will .
The gutsy startup is building the first privately funded network of hydrogen fueling stations , starting with a nearly $ 2 million station in Wallingford , Connecticut this summer .
SunHydro plans to capture excess hydrogen for use at the station from nearby Proton Energy Systems .
The station will largely be used by the city of Hartford , which runs a few fuel cell - powered buses .
“ Initially there wo n’t be a line down the street , ” explained Tom Sullivan , CEO of SunHydro .
“ The point is to get more exposure for hydrogen , and say that it ’s practical . ”
But is it practical ?
Both EVs and fuel cell vehicles can be powered by dirty and clean sources of power , depending on what method is used to produce electricity and hydrogen .
But carmakers wo n’t have fuel cell vehicles on the road until 2015 , while plug - in hybrids and electric cars have already been released .
Much - heralded companies like Coulomb Technologies and Better Place are hard at work on building out an EV charging infrastructure , and Volkswagen recently went so far as to hire a Chief Officer for Electric Traction just to make sure the transition to hybrids and EVs is going smoothly .
Nevertheless , Sullivan is confident that hydrogen power will win out .
“ Hydrogen gives you more performance , and you can pull up [ to a hydrogen fueling station ] and be gone in 3 minutes , ” Sullivan said .
It ’s true that hydrogen fueling stations offer an experience comparable to regular gas stations , but there have to be enough hydrogen stations to make an infrastructure .
Not a problem , says Michael Grey , the president of SunHydro .
“ Most of the development for hydrogen is happening in California , but SunHydro has
taken the initiative to start development on the East Coast .
[ Automakers ] have so many
of these vehicles in production now but have no place to put them here , ” he said .
Eventually , SunHydro envisions a network of fueling stations where customers can swipe a credit card , pay $ 3.50 to $ 4.00 per kilogram , load up with hydrogen on the quick , and speed away .
It ’s an ambitious goal .
SunHydro has nine stations planned for the next two years , and the company hopes to have many more built soon after that .
“ People in the EV world want to demonize this , ” Sullivan said .
“ But it ’s not as complicated as they say . ”
The Dove real beauty campaign really got to me when I first saw it .
I thought to myself , “ Wow , finally the impact that media has on young girls is being recognized . ”
Yes , the campaign is awesome and the message is great .
BUT before you jump to similar thoughts , check out the rest of this post …
*** The company that owns Dove also owns Axe …***
In conclusion : it ’s all about $ $ $… Why did I even expect more than that ?
So I believe the videos speak for themselves .
by Fareed Khan
Kiran George had burns on 80 % of her body and died after two days of slow agony .
The girl was raped by the son of her Muslim master .
When she threatened a lawsuit , the young man killed her .
In a second incident a Muslim mob burnt a Christian home and copies of the Bible .
Lahore ( AsiaNews ) - A Christian girl was raped and burnt alive by the son of a Muslim master , for whom she worked as a maid .
The girl died in hospital yesterday after two days of agony , for the burns on 80 % of her body .
The incident occurred in a small town in Punjab and has similar details to the sad story of Shazia Bashir , the 12 year old Christian raped and murdered by a powerful lawyer in Lahore , a crime still for which he is still unpunished .
Kiran George worked for a Muslim family in Sheikhupura , a Punjab town .
The girl died yesterday at the Mayo Hospital in Lahore , where she was hospitalized on 9 March in critical condition .
To unleash the murderous madness of the son of the employer the threat of a complaint of sexual assault .
Peter Jacob , executive secretary of the Justice and Peace of the Catholic Church of Pakistan ( NCJP ) , told AsiaNews that " the house of a Christian family was set on fire " as revenge because " a young man is accused of killing a Muslim . "
The Catholic activist explains that the suspect , Yasir Abid , is " subject to pre-trial detention .
The victim is the son of a Muslim landowner in the village of Kirtu Pandora , in the Narang Mandi ” .
Mohammad Raza Ahmda raped the Christian girl who , at first , confided only with her friends for fear of losing her jobs .
Her family ’s conditions of extreme poverty had led the young girl to remain silent .
When Kiran George threatened her tormentor of telling her story to the police , the young man blocked her escape and closing the door , he poured gasoline all over her with the help of his sister , setting her on fire .
The Muslim master , instead of bringing the girl to the hospital , called her parents telling them that her clothes caught fire while cleaning the kitchen .
Kiran George was subjected to two days of slow agony , however , before dying , she told the whole story to the police who opened an investigation file on the young man .
Also in Punjab a crowd of Muslims robbed and burned the house of a Christian family .
The assault happened on 10 March in Narang Mandi , a town in the district of Sheikhupura .
The extremist ’s anger was triggered by the alleged involvement of a Christian in the killing of the son of a local landowner .
The mob also burnt some copies of the Bible .
Christian families denounced the " deliberate burning " of some copies of the Bible kept inside the home .
Police started to investigate and evaluate whether to open a file of investigation for the crime of blasphemy .
In this case , says Peter Jacob , the judiciary " will not act under section 295 - B of the Pakistan Penal Code , which provides for punishment up to life imprisonment for those who desecrate the Koran , but does not provide for the holy books of other religions ” .
" We are against the blasphemy laws - concludes activist NCJP - and this applies regardless of the sacred text or who is guilty of the crime . "
However , he hopes for " thorough investigations " and the punishment of those who " burned the house of the Christian family . "
Adobe has today announced the fifth major release of its Creative Suite product family .
Creative Suite 5 ( CS5 ) , announced today and expected to ship to consumers within 30 days , includes upgrades to five suites comprising of a selection of up to 15 point products - including popular applications such as Photoshop , Illustrator , Dreamweaver , Premiere Pro and After Effects .
Photoshop , arguably Adobe 's most popular Creative Suite application , is once again at the forefront of the upgrades with new features including Content Aware Fill - a tool designed to remove areas of an image and dynamically fill the void to create a seamless effect .
In addition to its independent application upgrades , Creative Suite 5 is also introducing support for integrated online analytics via Omniture , a web analytics firm acquired by Adobe in 2009 .
Meanwhile Adobe Flash , a technology seemingly surrounded by controversy in recent weeks , looks set to be given a major overhaul with Creative Suite 5 allowing developers to export Flash animations into HTML5 Canvas .
The added functionality could prove to be a new lease of life for the ubiquitous format , with Adobe looking to ensure Flash development remains strong despite the expected growth of the HTML5 standard .
Adobe Photoshop CS5 is available to pre-order at a cost of £ 643.90 , whilst Adobe 's comprehensive software suites range from £ 1,773.08 for Creative Suite 5 Design Premium to £ 2,706.02 for the top - of - the - range Creative Suite 5 Master Collection .
Press release : Adobe Helps Prepare the 21st Century Workforce with Creative Suite 5
Product page : Adobe.com
Freddie Peacock of Rochester , New York , was convicted of rape in 1976 .
This year he became the 250th person to be exonerated by DNA testing since the technique was first used in 1989 .
According to a new report by the Innocence Project , those 250 prisoners served a total of 3,160 years ; 17 spent time on death row .
Remarkably , 67 percent of them were convicted after 2000 , a decade after the onset of modern DNA testing .
The glaring question : How many more are there ?
Calculating the percentage of innocents now in prison is a tricky and controversial thing to do .
The certainty of DNA testing means we can be positive the 250 defendants listed in the Innocence Project report did n't commit the crimes for which they were convicted .
But there are hundreds of other cases in which convictions have been overturned due to a lack of evidence , recantation of eyewitness testimony , or police or prosecutorial misconduct , and where no DNA evidence exists to definitively establish guilt or innocence .
Those were wrongful convictions because there was n't sufficient evidence to overcome reasonable doubt , but we can't be sure all of the accused were actually innocent .
Most prosecutors fight requests for post–conviction DNA testing .
That means the discovery of wrongful convictions is limited by the time and resources available to the Innocence Project and similar legal aid organizations who fight for tests in court .
It 's notable that in one of the few jurisdictions where the district attorney is actively seeking out wrongful convictions —
Dallas County , Texas — the county by itself has seen more exonerations than all but a handful of individual states .
If prosecutors in other jurisdictions were to follow Dallas County District Attorney Craig Watkins ' lead , that 250 number would be significantly higher .
Still , some officials are n't impressed .
One of the more farcical attempts to underplay the growing number of DNA exonerations came in a concurring opinion that Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia wrote in the 2005 case Kansas v. Marsh .
Scalia began by dismissing the idea that an innocent person may have ever been executed in America , explaining that if such a tragedy had occurred , " we would not have to hunt for it ; the innocent 's name would be shouted from the rooftops by the abolition lobby . "
Since then the abolition lobby has been shouting about Cameron Todd Willingham , the probably innocent man who was executed in Texas in 2004 .
But Scalia 's argument also betrays a lack of familiarity with how anti–death penalty groups work .
While the justice is right that proof of an executed innocent would be good rhetorical fodder for the abolitionists , legal aid groups are n't about to waste their limited resources hunting down mistaken executions when there are living , breathing innocents still to be discovered .
Moreover , in many jurisdictions , prosecutors destroy case files after an execution , making any post - execution investigation rather difficult .
Scalia also cited some math from Josh Marquis , an Oregon prosecutor who has held various executive positions at the National District Attorneys Association .
Marquis crunched his numbers at a time when there had been about 200 DNA exonerations .
He arbitrarily multiplied that number by 10 to come up with 2,000 wrongful convictions .
Marquis then took every single felony conviction over the previous 15 years as his denominator and came up with a meager .027 percent wrongful conviction rate .
Move along , America .
Nothing to see here .
Your criminal justice system is performing just fine .
But that figure is ridiculous .
First , the subset of cases in which DNA testing can prove ( or disprove ) guilt is exceedingly small .
It is generally limited to most rape and some murder cases .
You can throw out the entire body of drug charges and nearly all burglaries , robberies , assaults , and other felonies .
As University of Michigan law professor Samuel L. Gross wrote in the Annual Review of Law and Science , " By this logic , we could estimate the proportion of baseball players who 've used steroids by dividing the number of major league players who 've been caught by the total of all baseball players at all levels : major league , minor league , semipro , college and Little League — and maybe throwing in football and basketball players as well . "
If the aim is to calculate the percentage of people who claim they 're innocent and who actually are , you might throw out all cases decided by a guilty plea too .
But this can get tricky .
According to the Innocence Project , more than a quarter of DNA exonerations included a false confession or guilty plea .
The plea bargaining process also induces innocent people to plead guilty to lesser crimes to avoid charges that carry longer prison terms .
The Innocence Project cites a study by the Seton Hall law professor D. Michael Risinger that puts the share of innocents in prison at 3 percent to 5 percent .
But that study looked only at capital crimes , and it's a much - debated question whether you can extrapolate data from death penalty cases and make assumptions about conviction rates in lesser crime categories .
( Those who argue that non -death penalty conviction rates would be higher note that there 's more pressure on prosecutors and jurors to hold someone accountable in murder cases .
Then again , defendants tend to have better representation in capital cases . )
But even dropping below the study 's floor , using the 2008 prison population , a 2 percent wrongful conviction rate would mean about 46,000 people are incarcerated for crimes they did n't commit .
Whatever the percentage , DNA testing has exposed some glaring flaws in the system , calling into question traditional assumptions about the value of eyewitness testimony , forensic evidence , confessions , and the appeals process .
( In several cases where a defendant was later exonerated by DNA testing , appeals courts not only upheld convictions but noted " overwhelming evidence " of the defendants ' guilt . )
Since we now know because of DNA testing that misconduct by police and prosecutors produced wrongful convictions in many high - profile murder cases , it is probably safe to assume that similar problems have led to the wrongful conviction of routine drug defendants .
The difference is that there is no test to clear those people 's names .
Scalia wrote that an exoneration " demonstrates not the failure of the system but its success . "
But these 250 DNA tests are n't proof that the system is working .
They 're a wake - up call telling us that it is n't .
Instead of falling back on groups like the Innocence Project to serve as unofficial checks against wrongful convictions , cops , prosecutors , judges , and lawmakers should be thinking about why there 's so much work for these organizations to do .
Radley Balko ( rbalko@reason.com ) is a senior editor at reason .
In their first research collaboration , they sought to measure the effect of psychological stress on the immune system .
Although earlier studies had established that trauma and other major stress — like the death of a loved one or prolonged sleep deprivation — weakened the immune system , the Glasers wanted to know if lesser forms of stress , like those associated with the workplace or graduate school , had a similar effect .
The Glasers , who worked at Ohio ’s State ’s medical school , had ready access to an ample supply of stressed - out students , and so they decided to study the toll exacted by school pressure .
They took blood samples from a set of students early in the semester and then did so again in the middle of final exams .
The Glasers discovered that the stress of examination time seemed to cause a significant weakening of the students ’ immune response : by examination time , the medical students showed a significant drop in so - called natural killer cells , a type of white blood cell that battles viruses and helps prevent cancer .
For their second collaboration , the Glasers turned their attention to domestic strife .
They wondered about the role that relationships play in health and about the effects of marital stress , which , like school pressure , can be a source of nontraumatic but chronic strain .
In what was to be the first of their many studies on marriage and health , the Glasers recruited 76 women , half of whom were married ; the other half were separated or had divorced .
The Glasers wanted to identify which married women were in troubled relationships as well as which of the women who were separated or divorced from their husbands were emotionally struggling the most .
They did this by using marital - quality scales , types of questionnaires that ask couples to indicate agreement or disagreement with statements like “ If I had to do it over again , I would marry the same person ” or “ We often do things together . ”
Next , using blood tests , the Glasers measured the women ’s immune - system responses , tracking their levels of antibody production and other indicators of immunity strength .
The results showed that the women in unhappy relationships and the women who remained emotionally hung up on their ex-husbands had decidedly weaker immune responses than the women who were in happier relationships ( or were happily out of them ) .
Though pleased with this study , the Glasers knew that they had succeeded in taking the measure of marital happiness and health only at a single moment .
The couple were also curious to study the effect of marital stress as it unfolded in real time .
What happens to the body minute by minute , hour by hour , when couples engage in hostile marital disputes ?
To find this out , they recruited a study group of 90 seemingly happy newlywed couples .
Each couple was hooked up to tubes so that blood samples could be drawn from the pair at regular intervals , and the husband and wife were seated face to face .
Obscured by a curtain , the researchers watched the couples on video monitors ; nurses took the blood samples .
The participants , as they had been prompted to do , discussed their most volatile topics of marital conflict , like housework , sex or interference from a mother - in - law .
“ You would n’t think in a study situation that they would tear into each other , ” Glaser , who is now the director of the Institute for Behavioral Medicine Research , told me .
“ But they get into it . ”
As expected , the couples who exhibited the most negative and hostile behavior during the conflict discussion showed the largest declines in immune - system function during the 24 - hour study period .
These data strongly suggested that marital stress could affect the body in striking ways , but the Glaser team had yet to prove that marital conflict had any truly meaningful or lasting effect on health .
Kiecolt - Glaser had an idea for another study that would meet this higher standard .
She had read about a strange tool used by her dermatology colleagues : a small plastic suction device designed to leave eight tiny blisters on the arm and allow monitoring of the immune - system response at the wound sites .
Kiecolt - Glaser ’s proposal was to use this blistering device to measure how quickly or slowly physical wounds healed among married couples who had undergone different levels of marital stress .
The experiment had two phases .
Each married couple , after their forearms were subjected to the blistering procedure , were asked to talk together for a half - hour : on one occasion they discussed topics chosen to elicit the couples ’ supportive behaviors ; on another day , after undergoing the blistering procedures again , they discussed topics selected to evoke conflict and tension and tried to resolve them .
Before subjecting others to the blistering regimen , each of the Glasers had the device secured to his or her respective forearm to have his or her skin blistered .
The sensation is comparable to “ someone gently pinching your arm , ” Kiecolt - Glaser told me .
Nonetheless , the Glasers knew it would be a tough sell to convince others couples to undergo the blistering procedure as well as two weeks of subsequent monitoring of the wounds as they healed .
A study grant allowed them to offer $ 2,000 in total compensation to any couple willing to take part in the experiment .
They managed to recruit 42 married couples for the study .
The results were remarkable .
After the blistering sessions in which couples argued , their wounds took , on average , a full day longer to heal than after the sessions in which the couples discussed something pleasant .
Among couples who exhibited especially high levels of hostility while bickering , the wounds took a full two days longer to heal than those of couples who had showed less animosity while fighting .
Future Fuels will ship the equipment to Pennsylvania and have Chinese engineers teach American workers how to assemble and operate it .
Small clean - energy companies are headed to China , too .
NatCore Technology of Red Bank , N.J. , recently discovered a way to make solar panels much thinner , reducing the energy and toxic materials required to manufacture them .
American companies did not even come look at the technology , so NatCore reached a deal with a consortium of Chinese companies to finish developing its invention and mass - produce it in Changsha , China .
“ These other countries — China , Taiwan , Brazil — were all over us , ” said Chuck Provini , the company ’s chief executive .
President Obama has often spoken about creating clean - energy jobs in the United States .
But China has shown the political will to do so , said Mr. Pinto , 49 , who is also Applied Materials ’ executive vice president for solar systems and flat - panel displays .
Locally , the Xi’an city government sold a 75 - year land lease to Applied Materials at a deep discount and is reimbursing the company for roughly a quarter of the lab complex ’s operating costs for five years , said Gang Zou , the site ’s general manager .
The two labs , the first of their kind anywhere in the world , are each bigger than two American football fields .
Applied Materials continues to develop the electronic guts of its complex machines at laboratories in the United States and Europe .
But putting all the machines together and figuring out processes to make them work in unison will be done in Xi’an .
The two labs , one on top of the other , will become operational once they are fully outfitted late this year .
Applied Materials has built a 360 - employee operation here in Xi’an after announcing an 18 - month program last year to reduce employment by 10 to 12 percent , or 1,300 to 1,500 jobs , including layoffs in the United States and Europe .
Mr. Pinto said that the company was readjusting its work force as manufacturing shifted to Asia , but that the Xi’an facility involved a new approach to researching the design of an entire assembly line and was not replacing laboratories elsewhere .
The Bronzed Chorus " I'm the Spring " available on 12 " Vinyl / CD @ www.hellosirrecords.com.
" I'm the Spring " and debut " thurtythurty " also available on iTunes .
A duo of friends since their teens , guitarist Adam JOYCE and drummer / keyboardist Brennan O'BRIEN are The BRONZED CHORUS .
The two have been playing music together in Greensboro , North Carolina for years but only formed a band in 2006 .
They played many local / regional shows .
Hunter Allen joined the band as the touring drummer in 2009 and now is the full - time drummer for The Bronzed … read more
Sixty years ago , the California legislature passed a law tasking the state ’s Department of Mental Hygiene to “ conduct and cause to be conducted scientific research into the causes and cures of sexual deviation , including deviations conducive to sex crimes against children , and the causes and cures of homosexuality , and methods of identifying potential sex offenders . ”
Now , one state legislator has vowed to get the law repealed because the section on homosexuality was obviously “ shoe horned ” into a law that had its origins in a sexual assault case that had nothing to do with homosexuality .
In an op -ed in the Los Angeles Times , state legislator Bonnie Lowenthal said the law was based on the case of six - year - old Linda Joyce Glucoft , who was raped and murdered in 1949 by the grandfather of a friend .
Even though the admitted killer was not a homosexual , Lowenthal writes that homosexuality got swept up in the law :
In 1950 , homosexuality remained , officially , a mental disorder .
So when the Legislature promised funding for a study into the causes and cures of sexual deviance , it was , tragically , natural to add homosexuality to the list .
Lowenthal ’s bill has made it out of committee , but , according to the San Francisco Chronicle , several assemblymen abstained , “ including Danny Gilmore , R- Hanford ( Kings County ) and Anthony Portantino , D - La Canada Flintridge ( Los Angeles County ) .
Portantino expressed concern that the parts dealing with sex offenders would be stricken by the proposed law . ”
There have been no reports that the anyone opposed repeal of the law on religious grounds , but such objections are always just below the surface , since many of the organizations that advocate finding a “ cause ” and a subsequent “ cure ” are overtly religious in their approaches — seeking to help people “ pray away the gay . ”
Such religious - based programs have , over the years , proven to harm people who seek their help .
Even more damning is that the top defenders of such programs are “ professional ex- gays ” whose livelihoods depend on them sticking to the program at all costs .
One of those “ professional ex-gays , ” Richard Cohen , was inexplicably called on to be the “ other side ” of this issue on CNN in the past few days .
The segment begins with anchor Kyra Phillips posing the question of whether homosexuality is “ problem in need of a cure ” and moves into the interview with Cohen and Lowenthal .
In the interview , Cohen argues for keeping the law .
He conflates molestation and homosexuality and touts how he has helped those with “ unwanted homosexuality ” to go straight .
Cohen also talks about a new “ fact sheet for youth ” from the American College of Pediatricians that shows homosexuality to be caused only by environmental factors and no biological factors which means , according to Cohen , that homosexuality is “ definitely reversible and changeable . ”
The American College of Pediatricians , unfortunately , has little credibility here since it was founded in 2002 by a group of ideological doctors who were concerned that the American Association of Pediatricians “ promoted social policy based on political correctness and the wants of adults rather than the needs of children . ”
Again , religion is not pushed openly as an argument for keeping this law , but the reason there are so many people with “ unwanted homosexuality ” is because churches and religious leaders keep calling it a sin and condemning gay and lesbian people to an eternity in hell .
If the core of your very being has been demonized as an offense to God and society , well , it ’s easy to see how some people would not want it .
It would probably be beneficial to continue to seek the “ cause ” of homosexuality — just as it would be beneficial to seek what “ causes ” others to be heterosexual , or left - handed , or more prone to diabetes — but such research should be left to real scientists , not a state health department , and definitely not to the agenda driven pseudo - scientists that Cohen relies upon .
In the end , the arguments over “ causes ” and “ cures ” of homosexuality are ridiculous .
Having Cohen up against Lowenthal in this interview was equally ridiculous .
Perhaps for their next trick , CNN can get a Flat Earth Society member to debate Al Gore on global warming .
It would have just as much credibility , because there is no “ other side ” to the gay issue — there is only a continuing need to educate people on the reality of gays and lesbians and stamp out homophobia in all its forms , both scientific and religious .
New retail sales data shows Apple has continued to have strong Mac and iPod sales at the start of 2010 , with February 's numbers showing significant year - over - year growth .
Analyst Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray issued a note to investors Monday afternoon detailing the latest retail sales data from the NPD Group .
Mac sales in the month of February were up 43 percent for the month , which followed a similarly strong January increase of 36 percent .
In all , Mac sales for the first two months of 2010 are up 39 percent year over year .
The latest retail data suggests that Apple will sell between 2.8 million and 2.9 million Macs in the March quarter , which is above Wall Street 's consensus of 2.7 million Macs .
Strong Mac sales were accompanied by better - than - expected iPod sales as well , influencing Munster to call February an " impressive " month for Apple .
iPod sales in the first two months of 2010 were up 7 percent , an increase in sales for the first time in over a year .
The numbers are particularly favorable for Apple because 2009 got off to a slow start , putting the Cupertino , Calif. , company in a position to exceed when compared to the soft numbers from a year ago .
In February 2009 , Mac sales dipped 16 percent year - over - year .
The data also shows that the average selling price of Macs is down 10 percent year - over - year , while iPod prices were up 3 percent from the same frame in 2009 .
The latest NPD numbers have provided even more confidence to Munster and Piper Jaffray , who have called 2010 the " Year of the Mac . "
He said Monday that the easing comparisons from 2009 represent a buying opportunity for investors .
Apple of late has consistently delivered blowout quarterly results .
During the three - month holiday frame , the company sold a record 3.36 million Macs , helping it to achieve a 50 percent spike in profits .
Another 2.9 million Macs for the first quarter of calendar 2010 would be a very strong start for Apple .
With the recent release of Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid Lynx , repository mirrors have been slowly chugging through the onslaught of requests .
Here are two images I captured from the Argonne National Laboratory ’s mirror just a few moments ago ( 20:50 local time , or 01:50 UTC ) .
The top image plots IP v4 traffic while the bottom image shows IP v6 traffic .
You can clearly see the massive spike in traffic as the Ubuntu release went public .
In this kind of bum - rush , trying to update , upgrade , or otherwise work from these servers takes a painfully ridiculous amount of time .
One way to alleviate this pain is to encourage downloaders to use torrent files .
While an options for users who do n’t need to download an entire distro release is to let Ubuntu select the best server for you .
This is extremely easy for anyone to do , requiring no command line work , yet sadly , few people are aware of how to do this .
Begin by going into System → Administration → Software Sources .
Now select the menu beside Download from : and choose Other… .
A new window will pop-up and from here , press the Select Best Server button .
It will then take a few minutes to go about pinging various download servers until finally one server will be selected for you and you can press Choose Server and you ’re done .
Your mileage may vary , but every little bit helps .
Archaeologists are trying to link the find to historical events Fifty - one decapitated skeletons found in a burial pit in Dorset were those of Scandinavian Vikings , scientists say .
Mystery has surrounded the identity of the group since they were discovered at Ridgeway Hill , near Weymouth , in June .
Analysis of teeth from 10 of the men revealed they had grown up in countries with a colder climate than Britain's .
Archaeologists from Oxford believe the men were probably executed by local Anglo Saxons in front of an audience sometime between AD 910 and AD 1030 .
The Anglo Saxons were increasingly falling victim to Viking raids and eventually the country was ruled by a Danish king .
The mass grave is one of the largest examples of executed foreigners buried in one spot .
Any mass grave is a relatively rare find , but to find one on this scale , from this period of history , is extremely unusual
David Score , Oxford Archaeology
In pictures : Burial pit
It was discovered during investigative excavation work before construction started on a controversial £ 87 m relief road through the ridgeway .
Samples of 10 remains were identified as Scandinavian by Dr Jane Evans and Carolyn Chenery , of NERC Isotope Geosciences Laboratory , part of the British Geological Survey , based in Nottingham .
Their work has revealed that the men had scattered Scandinavian origins , with one even thought to be from north of the Arctic Circle .
Isotopes in the men's teeth also show they had eaten a high protein diet , comparable with known sites in Sweden .
Initially , it was thought the burial site dated from the Iron Age ( from 800 BC ) to early Roman times ( from AD 43 ) after examining pottery in the pit , later identified as a Roman quarry .
Isotope testing was carried out on the men's teeth Radiocarbon dating later revealed they were from the Saxon period .
Oxford Archaeology removed the 51 skulls from the ground and are continuing to examine the remains to try to link the find to historical events .
Project manager David Score said : " To find out that the young men executed were Vikings is a thrilling development .
" Any mass grave is a relatively rare find , but to find one on this scale , from this period of history , is extremely unusual . "
He added that without analysing all the bodies it was impossible to know for certain that all the skeletons were those of Vikings , but it was possible to make a " strong inference " .
The archaeologists believe the men were stripped naked either before being killed , or before being buried , because there was no evidence of clothing , such as pins or toggles .
Most of them were in their late teens to early 20s , with a handful in their 30s .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON — The World Bank and four regional development banks , aiming to crack down on corrupt practices in developing countries , plan to jointly blacklist any company that one of the banks finds guilty of graft or collusion , said officials involved with the deal .
The agreement — to be signed in Luxembourg on Friday by heads of the World Bank , Inter - American Development Bank , European Bank for Reconstruction and Development Bank , Asian Development Bank and African Development Bank — could affect the business practices of tens ...
In the aftermath of fighting or repression , people are often told to forget things .
But in free societies , selective memory cannot be imposed for ever
THE 15 boxes of bones were wrapped in the red , yellow and purple flag of the Second Republic .
Each held the remains of a man whose support for a brief political experiment in the 1930s had proved fatal .
At a ceremony in Madrid on March 6th the bones were given to descendants : mostly middle - aged grandchildren , but sometimes already aged sons or daughters .
They wept for men they had mostly never known .
The victims had died of hunger and disease in one of the makeshift prison camps set up by General Francisco Franco in the early days of his 36 - year dictatorship , established after the republic 's defeat in a bloody , three - year civil war .
It is only now , 34 years after Franco 's own death brought a rapid transition to democracy , that the bodies have been exhumed from a piece of wasteland near Burgos .
“ It was very , very moving , ” said José María González , who led the group that campaigned to have the bodies dug up .
“ I recovered my grandfather 's remains .
It was something that , before he died , I had promised my own father I would do . ”
This story is just one of hundreds of tales of Francoist repression that have emerged as the result of a citizens ' movement to disinter and identify victims .
It started when a journalist , Emilio Silva , penned an article about his grandfather 's death at the hands of a Francoist death squad .
He went to his grandfather 's home region of El Bierzo , in north - western Spain , in 2000 .
People pointed him to the spot where the body was buried .
Mr Silva dug up a mass grave containing not just his grandfather but a dozen other victims .
News of the exhumations spread and imitators appeared .
Suddenly Spaniards found that thousands , or tens of thousands , of Francoist victims lay in unmarked graves scattered around the countryside .
Years of official silence , in Franco 's time , were followed by an unofficial pact of forgetting as Spain 's young democracy agreed to look forward , not back .
The grave - diggers broke the silence .
Their effort to find the truth has snowballed ; now Mr Silva heads a group called the Association for the Recovery of Historical Memory , with branches all over Spain .
Some 5,000 sets of remains have been recovered so far from 170 grave sites .
The association has a list of 12,000 families who are now searching for the remains of lost relatives .
In places across the world whose recent past has been scarred by repression , war or both , attempts have been made by the authorities ( from governments to warlords ) to lay down rules about what must be remembered and what must be forgotten .
Often , it seems too risky to give free rein to the investigation and commemoration of the past .
But people 's patience has limits ; sooner or later ordinary citizens will challenge the prevailing wisdom and demand a fuller account .
And unearthing the past often means literally that : digging graves and studying the evidence .
The trouble with truth
In Northern Ireland more than a decade after the “ Troubles ” largely ended , peace activists say there are still huge obstacles to a search for the full facts .
This may reflect the ambivalent nature of a “ settlement ” , based on a blanket amnesty and with the territory 's future wide - open .
Given that hardliners have gained influence since the killing stopped , the constituency for real truth - telling ( probing all dirty secrets ) is weak .
But Marie Breen - Smyth , co-founder of a truth recovery group called “ Healing Through Remembering ” , says the wish for full disclosure is strong among many of those worst affected by war .
Nor does the overthrow of a tyrannical order instantly make it easy to examine the past .
Sometimes elements of the old regime remain influential , and threaten to make a comeback .
That was the case in Argentina in the 1980s , recalls Mimi Doretti , a veteran of that country 's human - rights movement , who pioneered the use of forensic science to reveal the fate of Argentina 's 10,000 or more “ disappeared ” .
Only in recent times , a quarter - century after the junta 's fall , have enough facts been gathered to enable hundreds of prosecutions .
A similar pattern of gradual truth recovery has occurred in many Latin American countries that underwent tyranny .
In other cases the removal of one set of despots paves the way for another “ received ” truth which people question at their peril .
In Rwanda the perpetrators of the 1994 genocide were replaced by the Rwandan Popular Front ( RPF ) , whose own record is not spotless .
But any Rwandan citizen who doubted the RPF 's version of the genocide could face jail .
Zimbabwe , Uganda and Ethiopia are other examples of African states where ex-rebels have imposed new versions of history .
But Kenya stands out as a country where the grass - roots demand for truth - telling ( for example after the bloodshed of 2008 ) is strong .
Sometimes quite a lot of time has to pass before real truth - telling starts .
But even in the most entrenched of conflicts , the passage of years emboldens people to question official stories .
Take Cyprus , an island whose de facto partition in 1974 enabled the Greek - and Turkish - Cypriot authorities to impose their respective versions of that year 's fighting and previous rounds of mayhem .
For at least two decades after 1974 a key role in the Greek - Cypriot story was played by the 1,619 people said to be missing after the Turkish invasion of July 1974 .
The Turkish - Cypriots countered that 809 of their people were missing , mainly after the bloodshed of the 1960s .
Each side played down killings that occurred in its own ranks , and blamed the “ enemy ” for its lost sons and daughters .
Neither tale was wholly false .
But a subtler truth began emerging around 1998 , when two Greek - Cypriot women went to a cemetery with pickaxes and hacked away at the marble slabs where they said their husbands were buried .
When police stopped them , they summoned cameras : they had exposed the fact that the government knew the locations of some of the “ missing ” ; indeed , they were on Greek - controlled land , so perfectly accessible .
Investigative journalism by a Greek - Cypriot , Andreas Paraschos , and a Turkish - Cypriot , Sevgul Uludag , helped establish that the sites of many mass or individual graves were in fact known to the authorities .
Mrs Uludag got death threats from within her community , and was once assaulted by hard - line Greek - Cypriots , as she helped expose how some of the killings had been by extremists acting against their own respective sides .
Partly thanks to a change of line by Greek - Cypriot diplomats , a bicommunal effort to recover and identify remains started in 2004 ; so far over 800 have been examined .
The parallels between Cyprus and Spain have been explored by two Belfast - based scholars , Iosif Kovras and Neophytos Loizides * , who say both cases highlight the same paradox .
On one hand , there is an ( often reasonable ) sense in countries recovering from conflict ( especially an internecine one where communities or even families were split ) that opening tender wounds could reignite war .
But “ selective oblivion ” and the peace it buys can't last for ever .
One day people start remembering and they demand the truth .
See “ Delaying truth recovery for missing persons ” , a paper by Iosif Kovras and Neophytos Loizides
prob·lem b l m ) ( prm ) n. 1 . A question to be considered , solved , or answered .
2 . A situation , matter , or person that presents perplexity or difficulty .
3 . A misgiving , objection , or complaint .
1 . difficulty , trouble , dispute , plight , obstacle , dilemma , headache ( informal ) , disagreement , complication , predicament , quandary , turf war adj .
1 . Difficult to deal with or control .
2 . Dealing with a moral or social problem .
difficult , disturbed , troublesome , unruly , delinquent , uncontrollable , intractable , recalcitrant , intransigent , unmanageable , disobedient , ungovernable , refractory , maladjusted
The Nature Of Cause
We think we 've defined a problem when we have described it 's cause .
When a problem is defined by causes , the conception is that every problem has a deep or primary cause .
Cause is used to assign responsibility for problems .
We understand occurrences in the natural world as a realm of fate and accident , it is impossible to anticipate all possible events and effects , so failure or accident is inevitable .
Natural causation also enables us to describe a sequence of events by which one thing leads to another .
To identify a cause , in view of the public , is to place burdens on one group of people instead of another .
We try to prevent people from causing problems and those that do are made to compensate others for having to bear those consequences .
In the social world events are understood to be the result of will , society is a realm of control and intent .
By social causation we can identify the purposes or motives of a person or a group and link those purposes to their actions .
The consequences of purposeful actions depend on the nature of the intent .
When the intent has a bad outcome , it casts someone as willfully or knowingly causing harm .
Problems are perceived as the consequences of willful human action .
When intent ends with a good result , it is deemed a rational action .
Inadvertent cause is the unintended consequence of willed human action such as poverty , malnutrition , and disease .
Other types of inadvertence could be attributed to carelessness or recklessness .
Mechanical causes include people who have no will of their own and are trained or programmed to produce specific consequences .
For example , a person acts purposefully but their will is carried out through other people , machines , or automatic social procedures and routines .
The very nature of human guidance or control becomes the issue because the argument , over the cause of a problem , is usually a debate about whether or not people are acting on their own free will or mechanically carrying out the will of others .
Blog Archive
Easy To Say , Not Easy To Assimilate
When things go wrong in our lives and we encounter difficult situations , we tend to regard the situation itself as our problem .
In reality , whatever problems we are experiencing are usually just a case of the mind overthinking or developing a negativity torwards the dilemma .
If we responded to difficult situations with a positive or peaceful mind then they would n't be problems .
Eventually we might even regard them as challenges or opportunities for growth and development .
You can not continue to grow if you do not try to achieve more than what you have already mastered .
If everyone truly cherished and embraced this idea , people in general , governments , and nations would not have the overall problems that exsist at this point .
Wake up call ............. This is just a daydream people .
There are too few in the world who possess this virtue to make that dream a reality , most significantly , people who are voted into power .
I have been privileged enough to have spent brief periods of time around a handful of these special people and witnessed how they can live life on life 's terms and be relatively problem free .
People who do not have this behavioral gift design , create , and compound all of their own problems and like a ripple traveling across a large body of water that never reaches an end , their problems inevitably become someone elses .
Hey , I 'm not one of the above mentioned few .
I have , seemingly effortlessly , created just about every serious problem I 've ever had .
I 've realized and felt the ripples I 've sent out and know that the incoming ones , from those I would choose to be around , only exaggerated my problems because my own mind permitted them to .
Man ....
What 's the problem ?
Exploration / Resolve ?
Exploring problems can be uncomfortable for some people because dwelling on a problem may feel negative .
There is a general expectation these days that we should always have a positive attitude in our approach to work and life .
Also , when a problem is being investigated some people may take this as criticism of their performance , so it is no wonder that people want to get out of the problem phase and onto solutions as soon as they can .
If we are not clear what the problem is , and more importantly , whose problem it is , we may end up confusing the cause of the problem with the ownership of it .
To illustrate this , think about a baby throwing its food .
The cause of the problem is the baby but it is n't actually the baby , the problem belongs to the person cleaning up the mess .
Once the problem has been clarified solutions can be considered .
Just as having a problem can make anyone feel uncomfortable , action is what 's going to make them feel effective .
If only action could get underway at the first hint of a possible solution , it would be all hands to the pump to get rid of the problem .
But if it 's not a good solution , to the problem , then the action is wasted .
Robust problem solving is time - consuming , but leaping into action too soon is not going to help , despite anyones eagerness to get to work fixing things .
It is important to take time to gather information , ask questions and consult with others , so that we really can answer the question :
What 's the problem ?
Unbalanced Equation Problem solving capabilities , I feel , are a gift .
It ’s no mystery that the majority of the general population , in this world , grossly lacks the necessary combination of character principals to face problems head on and solve them quickly , thoughtfully , and efficiently .
The people in the world who have the attitude , wisdom , and common sense to qualify as problem solvers are obscenely outnumbered by those of us who do not exercise those traits in our lives .
Good problem solvers have a systematic approach to solving a problem .
They understand that quick solutions or hastily conceived plans rarely work and yield results that are short - term , at best .
They spend time analyzing the problem from all possible angles and come up with a backup plan , in case the original idea fails .
Politicians absolutely not included .
Poor problem ( handlers ) tend to focus more on determining a cause , clogging lines of communication , and resorting to personal attacks or finger pointing in order to pass the problem along to others .
People who ca n’t solve their own problems will often look to someone else for the relief that they cannot provide for themselves .
If you think about that for a minute , would n’t that explain a lot about the world ?
When exactly is this is going to change ?
Followers
Adaptation
Since we are seemingly always in a hurry , we do n't have the patience to wait for delayed gratification .
We want to stay accustomed to having every dilemma , every problem solved in the least amount of time .
Something a lot of people fail to consider is that personal changes made can accelerate the problem solving process .
There are many roadblocks that can prevent success with solving problems .
Some changes we could make about ourselves might include being aware of old habits , reevaluating how we perceive things , facing and overcoming fears , being mindful about making assumptions , looking at problems with detachment instead of feeling tied too them , not procrastinating , and avoiding emotional responses by practicing rationality .
Always be aware that the nature of a problem can change .
These types of changes can be good but not always , sometimes it is more wise to wait and let nature take its course , some problems just naturally need to solve themselves .
Sometimes drastic and quick action is necessary but most significant change takes time .
There 's often a very fine line between realizing the need to change one 's attributes to solve problems versus recognizing that it 's something only solvable in the hands of nature .
I believe that intuition is the closest one can come to knowing the difference .
Even though intuition is fundamentally based on hunches , it 's not as irrational as some people think it is .
Intuition or hunches are built on a strong foundation of facts and experiences that are ingrained in the subconscious .
All the things you know and have experienced can lead you to believe that something might be true even if you 've never actually experienced that reality .
Intuition should be used as much as possible as long as we check it against the reality of the situation .
Design problem is any situation where you have an opportunity to make a difference , to make things better .
Whenever you are thinking creatively and critically about ways to increase the quality of life ( or to avoid a decrease in quality ) , you are actively involved in problem solving .
{
Instead of defining a problem in a negative way , only as something that is bad and needs to be fixed , this definition is positive and proactive .
}
In every area of life , creativity and critical thinking are essential .
These mutually supportive skills are intimately integrated in the problem - solving methods used in a wide range of " design " fields — such as engineering , architecture , medicine , mathematics , music , art , literature , philosophy , history , business , athletics , law , and science — where the goal is to design a product , strategy , or theory .
Broadly defined , this includes almost everything in life .
Decision making skills are among the most significant means of taking problems , head on , and coming out on top .
When you make personal decisions , you are designing a strategy for living for the actions that are necessary to achieve goals in life .
In the context of design , ais any situation where you have an opportunity to make a difference , to make things better .
Whenever you are thinking creatively and critically about ways to increase the quality of life ( or to avoid a decrease in quality ) , you are actively involved in problem solving .
{
Instead of defining a problem in a negative way , only as something that is bad and needs to be fixed , this definition is positive and proactive .
} In every area of life , creativity and critical thinking are essential .
These mutually supportive skills are intimately integrated in the problem - solving methods used in a wide range of " design " fields — such as engineering , architecture , medicine , mathematics , music , art , literature , philosophy , history , business , athletics , law , and science — where .
Broadly defined , .
Decision making skills are among the most significant means of taking problems , head on , and coming out on top .
When you make personal decisions , you are designing a strategy for living for the actions that are necessary to achieve goals in life .
Procrastination I ’ve often thought about why we procrastinate .
If one was logical , one would assume if there ’s something that needed to be done and was urgent / important or rewarding enough , we ’d get on to it right away .
The reality however is people are seldom logical .
As humans are governed partly by our intelligent mind and partly by our feelings and desires .
Maybe we ’re avoiding a task because we have a low sense of worth or a self - defeating mentality .
Maybe we ’re avoiding a task because it ’s small , petty and annoying ( not worth doing ) .
Maybe we ’re avoiding a task because it ’s too big and we do n’t know where to begin ( too hard ) .
Whatever the actual reasons are , generally when the pain associated with doing a particular task increases , so too does the level of procrastination .
That ’s just human nature – we run away from things which cause us pain .
This in turn , prevents a lot of us from being effective problem solvers .
Overcoming procrastination can take some discipline , a word that strikes fear in the hearts of many folks , including me .
But I can generally get the fear to subside , when I work at it , by focusing on the simple concept of discipline : " Discipline is Not what you Do TO yourself -- it is what you Do FOR yourself . "
I am intelligent and capable
I am balancing my needs to work and to have fun
I can be successful without being perfect
Very few decisions are wrong .
Whatever I decide will be ok
Every day I am developing my abilities through experimenting and risk taking
I can finish , let go and move on
I am creative , competent and productive .
It ’s ok for me to be successful
I am using all my resources to meet my goals
Change a habit - do it now !
Focus on the present not the future
One step at a time - keep moving forward
“ Whatever you can do or dream , you can , begin it .
Boldness has genius , power and magic in it .
Begin it now ” ( Goethe )
“ Ships in harbour are safe , but that ’s not what ships are built for ” .
( John Shedd )
Dennis Bournique of WAP
Review has me pegged as a social media whore gadfly and he ’s right — I habitually sign up for new networks and services just so I can secure my preferred user name on them .
I ’ve learned some hard lessons from Gmail and Yahoo… never again !
So it should come as no surprise that I ’ve had an account on Identi.ca for quite some time , without really knowing what to do with it .
That is , until this week and my new Linux rig .
Thanks to it and Gwibber , my new favourite social network aggregator , I can finally see what all the fuss is about .
Where the l33ts are .
No offence to Twitter , but Identi.ca seems to be the de facto social network for the Linux community .
Among the notable users there is rms — yup , none other than Richard Matthew Stallman , founder of the GNU project and The Free Software Foundation .
I ca n’t say he ’s particularly social on identi.ca ; his activity there seems limited to promoting links to his own blog .
But that he ’s even on it gives a lot of street cred to the service , considering the stringent requirements that his own computer has to meet .
So what makes Identi.ca so different than other social networks ?
Host your own party .
In addition to being covered by an AGPL for the software and Creative Commons for the content , Identi.ca is powered by StatusNet — microblogging software that you can install on your own server ( like WordPress ) or have hosted for you ( like WordPress.com )
I ’ll freely admit that I ’ve accounts for both me and this blog on StatusNet , in addition to a pair of Identi.ca accounts .
Why ?
Re-read the first paragragh of this post .
A benefit of StatusNet over Identi.ca is that anyone from any social network can join and follow your posts — though I ’m not sure if posting replies works for users from other networks .
My StatusNet accounts are currently inactive for this reason .
If that changes I ’ll be sure to let you know .
Other features .
Like the dearly - departed Jaiku that Nokians so often wax poetic about ( it has n’t actually gone anywhere ) , Identi.ca has the ability to present a conversations as inline threads , as in this exchange I had with a StatusNet user yesterday .
Note that each response can also be viewed as a individual tweet — er , dent .
I think that ’s what they call it …
Also , where Twitter has lists Identi.ca has groups , which you can join like ( ugh ) Facebook and post to by adding an exclamation mark onto the beginning of the group name like ! lo , which would post to the Linux Outlaws group .
And finally Identi.ca does at least recognize the elephant in the room with built - in functionality for auto - posting to Twitter .
Note though , that you ’ll want to let your followers know who you ’re retweeting and specifically which network they ’re on .
This dude on Twitter , for example , has the same handle but is n’t quite as prolific as his Identi.ca counterpart .
So what took me so long ?
That Identi.ca is both unabashedly Canadian and open - source you ’d think I would have jumped on it from the get go .
My reason for not doing so has to do with HootSuite — another Canadian product that currently does n’t support it .
For shame .
As of right now you ’re not missing anything on this blog ’s Twitter account ; the Identi.ca version has been set up to auto - post to Twitter .
And I certainly do n’t have any plans to give up my personal Twitter account anytime soon , but if you find at some point that you ’re not hearing much from me there it may well be because the party ’s happening on Identi.ca — that is , after all , where the l33ts are . 😎
I can’t really claim to be a massive fan of Kate Nash but this really seems to be a massive departure from her previous work ?
It ’s like she ’s having an argument with another person who only speaks using sign language .
Take a listen :
Kate Nash – I Just Love You More
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Saturday 's
Chile earthquake was so powerful that it likely shifted an Earth axis and shortened the length of a day , NASA announced Monday .
By speeding up Earth 's rotation , the magnitude 8.8 earthquake — the fifth strongest ever recorded , according to the USGS — should have shortened an Earth day by 1.26 millionths of a second , according to new computer - model calculations by geophysicist Richard Gross of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California .
For comparison , the same model estimated that the magnitude 9 Sumatra earthquake in December 2004 shortened the length of a day by 6.8 millionths of a second .
Gross also estimates that the Chile earthquake shifted Earth 's figure axis by about three inches ( eight centimeters ) .
Deviating roughly 33 feet ( 10 meters ) from the north - south axis around which Earth revolves , the figure axis is the imaginary line around which the world 's unevenly distributed mass is balanced .
To explain the difference , Keith Sverdrup , a seismologist at the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee , likened Earth to a spinning figure skater holding a rock in one hand .
The rotational axis of the skater is still down the middle of the body , he said , but the skater 's figure axis is shifted slightly in the direction of the hand holding the rock .
How Chile Earthquake Shortened Day
Just how did the Chile earthquake give Earth a bit of a turbo boost ?
To explain , Sverdrup , who was n't involved in the NASA calculation , turned again to the image of a spinning figure skater .
" As she pulls her arms in , she starts rotating faster . "
Likewise , as a portion of Earth 's mass drew in ever so slightly and quickly during the Chile earthquake , the planet began spinning a bit quicker .
The Chilean quake was a so - called thrust earthquake , which occurs when a large section of the Earth 's surface — in this case , the Nasca tectonic plate — dives beneath an adjacent plate .
This process , called subduction , can cause earthquakes and volcanic eruptions ( learn about plate tectonics ) .
" The layer of rock on the [ Nasca plate ] dove down into the Earth 's interior , and that 's like the skater pulling her arms in toward her body , " Sverdrup said .
Only thrust earthquakes , with their inward motion , can shorten Earth days .
Other types of earthquakes , such as horizontal strike - slip quakes , in which two plates slide horizontally past one another , do n't affect Earth 's rotation .
Currently , scientists can measure the length of an Earth day with an accuracy of only about 20 millionths of a second , so the shortened day caused by the Chile earthquake can be estimated but not measured .
But " that does n't mean that the effect is n't real , " Sverdrup said — though it is ephemeral .
The shortening of Earth 's day caused by the Chilean earthquake wo n't be permanent , although exact duration of the effect can't be measured .
Thrust earthquakes are n't the only phenomena that can shorten , or lengthen , Earth days .
Volcanic eruptions or tidal effects from the moon can also cause such effects .
2010 Chile Earthquake Born in 1960 ?
The recent Earth - axis jolt may have been the result of stress buildup from a magnitude 9.5 quake that struck Chile in 1960 , scientists announced in a separate study yesterday .
" The story is quite similar to the December 26 , 2004 , magnitude 9.0 Sumatra earthquake , which was followed by a magnitude 8.7 quake on [ the Sumatra fault 's ] southern end on the 28th of March 2005 , " geologist Jian Lin of Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts said in a statement .
" The only difference is that it took 50 years for the northern neighboring section of the 1960 [ Chile ] earthquake to rupture , while it took only three months for the southern adjacent segment to rupture in Sumatra . "
It 's unclear why the Chile fault took so much longer than the Sumatra fault to " follow up , " Lin added .
A lot .
For over one year I have been researching , reading , and writing about the multitude of things that have led me to believe that Sarah Palin is unfit to serve in any capacity , at any level of government .
The list of her failings is long and impressive .
When someone asks me why I dislike Palin I have to pause and catch my breath .
It is hard to know where to begin .
Her attitude regarding homosexuality , banning books , reproductive freedom , race , equal pay for women , unethical behavior , charges to her PAC , attitudes toward people who work for her , the number of days Piper misses school , her use of Trig as a prop , the hypocrisy inherent in virtually everything she says compared to what she does , resignation from her position as Governor , personal charges for travel expenses of her children passed on to the people of Alaska , shooting animals , endangering the environment , her lack of understanding of countries around the world and basic geography , lack of education , blatant disregard for scientific evidence for evolution , lecturing at right to life rallies while hiring Lynn Vincent to be the ghost writer of her book knowing that Lynn admitted to having had an abortion , indicating that Bristol and Levi were going to marry and that would solve the problem of an unwed teenage pregnancy , mocking our President for having an understanding of the US Constitution , writing letters to herself in God ’s voice and her attitudes regarding responsibility as a mother are just a few of the many things with which I take issue .
However people might try to explain away my total lack of respect for Palin , suggesting that we simply have different world views .
People might suggest that just because I disagree with her politics , that they still do n’t understand my ongoing efforts to discredit her .
On most of the issues mentioned , I recognize that there are a multitude of politicians who hold beliefs similar to Palin ’s , so why would I object to Sarah Palin to the point of writing an entire book , writing daily entries on this blog , and submitting articles to Huffington Post for the entire nation to read ?
Palin has done so many objectionable things over the last year - and - a - half that we tend to forget the egregious things she did before the day she was introduced at the Republican Convention .
In case anyone has forgotten , let me remind you of the two things that got me started : the hockey center and the Road to Nowhere .
While mayor of Wasilla , Palin authorized the construction of a hockey center on property she KNEW was not owned by the town of Wasilla ( Litman 23 ) .
We might speculate about the house she was building at the same time , and whether the same contractor who was building the hockey center , and her home , might be giving her some personal reward for awarding the multi-million dollar contract on the hockey center to his company .
I do n’t know why Palin wanted to build the center on that particular property owned by someone else , and I do n’t care .
However , it matters to me that she instituted an adverse possession lawsuit against the land owner in an attempt to take his property .
It does matter to me that she proceeded with construction of the hockey center before the city obtained title to the land .
It does matter to me that because she proceeded to initiate construction before the town had title to the land , the town incurred over $ 1,000,000 in unnecessary expenses ( 23 ) .
It matters to me that the judge in the case found that Sarah had no right to begin construction of a building on property that she knew was not owned by the town .
Her judgment , or lack thereof , in this example demonstrates a total lack of responsibility to the people of the town , and a total disregard to the rights of the property owner .
This is not about politics .
It ’s about judgment and about respecting the rights of an individual citizen .
There is surely nothing more objectionable than a politician attempting to confiscate that which you own , without any legal basis for doing so , but only because that politician wants something you have .
This is not an example of something Palin did due to ignorance or lack of education .
This was a fundamental error in judgment , or worse , an attitude that she could do whatever she wanted regardless of the rights of another person .
The second example is the Road to Nowhere .
Palin made the Bridge to Nowhere a household word as a result of her speech at the Republican Convention .
Many of us would tell you the bridge represented a waste of tax payer dollars .
There was a lot of controversy about whether Palin changed her position regarding the bridge , when it was convenient for her politically ( she announced that she said “ Thanks , but no thanks ” , when she had originally been an advocate for the bridge , and has even been seen showing off her t- shirt supporting the bridge ) .
However there is no dispute that the Road to Nowhere had absolutely no purpose , other than to waste taxpayer dollars .
When Congress originally approved the funding for the construction of the bridge , there was also an allocation of $ 25,000,000 for the construction of the road leading from the airport to the bridge .
When Congress withdrew the funding for the bridge , the funding for the road was overlooked .
Sarah Palin indicated that “ yes ” she was still in favor of the construction of the road which she knew would now lead to the edge of a cliff .
According to the Alaska Transportation Priorities Project , a group promoting “ sensible transportation systems in the state ” , the Road to Nowhere was an “ irresponsible waste ” .
Thus regardless of any philosophical differences you might have with a person on the right , or the left , we all agree that Palin knowingly wasted our money .
She knowingly wasted millions of dollars !
The only explanation for this waste is a “ we versus them ” mentality .
If the people of Alaska would benefit from the jobs created by the construction of the road , then it did n’t seem to matter to Governor Palin that the use of millions of federal tax dollars was an indisputable waste .
These two examples highlight an attitude of Sarah Palin that is deplorable .
These do not represent a political philosophy unless it is a philosophy of , “ … if it is good for me , it does n’t matter if it is a total waste of tax payer dollars , and it does n’t matter if it interferes with the constitutional rights of another citizen . ”
We may suspect that many politicians have a similar attitude , but it is difficult to prove it .
In the case of Sarah Palin , the facts are clear .
Her attitude seems to be that she will do what is good for her , and “ to hell with the rest of us ” .
There are some things about state Sen.
Russell Pearce , the author of Arizona 's new police - state immigration law , that Greta Van Susteren and all the other Fox anchors who 've had him on this past week are n't telling you .
Indeed , they let him just come on and spew misleading nonsense , as he did last night on On the Record , telling Van Susteren that the law only " takes the handcuffs off " for law enforcement officers and " allows " them to arrest suspected illegal immigrants .
Actually , it requires them to .
Well , we mentioned previously that Pearce has a colorful background involving the white - supremacist far right , including dalliances -- like his close pal Sheriff Joe Arpaio -- with neo -Nazis .
Rachel Maddow discussed some of this in her segment last night , but it 's worth discussing some more so that people can fully appreciate the nature of the police state just signed into law in Arizona .
Byron
York has proclaimed it " a very carefully crafted law " -- and he is quite correct about that .
Crafted to what end , however , is quite another story .
Y'see , back in 2006 , Pearce caught a lot of people 's attention by forwarding to a bunch of his friends and associates an article on immigration from a neo -Nazi news source -- namely , the National Alliance , the folks who brought you The Turner Diaries .
The article was about Jewish control of the media and how it supposedly creates a bias against whites and favors minorities and Israel .
Pearce apologized , but never could explain why he was reading material from the National Alliance in the first place .
But then he was seen working arm in arm with this fellow :
That 's a guy named J.T. Ready , who also happens to be one of Arizona 's leading neo -Nazis .
Here 's J.T. at a neo -Nazi rally in Nebraska :
Stephen Lemons at the Phoenix New Times reported :
Ready 's tight with state Representative Russell Pearce , who 's bashed Mexicans ever since a Latino teen shot off his finger when he was a county sheriff 's deputy .
Pearce is a racist law machine , pumping out statute after statute targeting the brown segment of AZ 's population .
At a June anti-illegal demonstration at the state Capitol , Ready and Pearce worked the crowd arm - in- arm .
Remember when Pearce forwarded a neo -Nazi e-mail to supporters in '06 ?
Pearce claimed a " friend " sent him the e-mail .
Could that " friend " have a last name that rhymes with " Freddy " ?
The blanket is n't big enough these days for all the bigoted bedfellows who want in on the nativist lovefest .
In any other state , Pearce 's ties to a white nationalist like Ready would make him a pariah , especially after the outrage over that neo - Nazi e-mail .
Instead , both Sheriff Joe Arpaio and County Attorney Candy Thomas recently honored Pearce at a " gala reception " and dinner to raise moolah for Pearce 's committee exploring a primary challenge to Congressman Jeff Flake , a moderate Republican who 's championed comprehensive immigration reform .
It was $ 100 a plate for the dinner , $ 200 if you wanted a pic of yourself with Thomas , Arpaio , or radio wingnut Bruce Jacobs .
Minuteman leader Chris Simcox was on the fundraiser 's planning committee .
Pearce 's political career has been built on an obsessive effort to demonize , scapegoat , and attack Latino immigrants .
One of his more noteworthy previous efforts was an effort to eliminate Hispanic outreach programs in Arizona schools , predicated on the phony " MEChA is racist " meme .
He 's also proclaimed that illegal immigrants have no rights under the Constitution .
Just as noteworthy , perhaps , is this bit from his Wikipedia bio :
In 1995 , Pearce became the Director of the Arizona Motor Vehicle Division .
Pearce was fired from that position in 1999 by then Arizona Department of Transportation Director Mary Peters after an investigation revealed that Pearce and two underlings had tampered with a Tucson woman 's driving record .
This is someone who obviously has no problem with handing police officers totalitarian powers -- and no problem with a little procedural abuse along the way .
And now his vision of law enforcement is Arizona law .
Lovely .
Mozilla has released a beta version of Firefox 3.6.4 , as the company looks to fend off growing competition from the likes of Google 's Chrome browser and Apple Safari and continue its battle with Internet Explorer .
With a ballot screen now in place , the playing field is significantly more level than it has been previously and Mozilla is hoping that the latest version of Firefox can lure people over .
Firefox 3.6.4 offers greater stability in dealing with plugins like Flash , Quicktime and Silverlight , and Mozilla is urging people to try the browser and report back .
Uninterrupted
" This version of Firefox will offer uninterrupted browsing for Windows and Linux users when there is a crash in the Adobe Flash , Apple Quicktime , or Microsoft Silverlight plugins , " explained Mike Beltzner 's post on Mozilla Developer News .
" If a crash in one of these plugins happens , Firefox will continue to run and users will be able to submit a crash report before reloading the page to try again . "
Users who had installed the Firefox " Lorentz " beta release will be automatically updated to this beta release of Firefox 3.6.4 , or can manually " Check for Updates " in the Help menu .
Interesting times
The browser arrives at an interesting time , and not only because of Microsoft 's EU ballot page instigation .
Firefox has long been a plucky second place to the behemothic Internet Explorer , but the might of Google is beginning to hand Chrome a significant share of the market .
Although it is IE that is currently dropping in overall usage , Mozilla must now be more conscious that the competition is coming not just the dominant Microsoft browsers , but also from Chrome .
It is the cutting edge of literary studies , a rapidly expanding field that is blending scientific processes with the study of literature and other forms of fiction .
Some have dubbed it " the science of reading " and it is shaking up one of the most esoteric and sometimes impenetrable corners of academia .
Forget structuralism or even post - structuralist deconstructionism .
" Neuro lit crit " is where it 's at .
Later this year a group of 12 students in New England will be given a series of specially designed texts to read .
Then they will be loaded into a hospital MRI machine and their brains scanned to map their neurological responses .
The scans produced will measure blood flow to the firing synapses of their brain cells , allowing a united team of scientists and literature professors to study how and why human beings respond to complex fiction such as the works of Marcel Proust , Henry James or Virginia Woolf .
The students are part of a group called the Yale - Haskins Teagle Collegium , which is headed by Yale literature professor Michael Holquist .
" We are a group made up of honest - to - God scientists who spend all day in the lab and a group of literary humanists who are deeply devoted to the cause of literature , " Holquist said .
His groups have spent months designing their texts , or " vignettes " , and they have been specifically created to different levels of complexity based on the assumption that the brain reacts differently to great literature than to a newspaper or a Harry Potter book .
The aim , Holquist says , is to provide a scientific basis for schemes to improve the reading skills of college - age students .
Holquist 's group , however , is just one area of neuro lit crit .
Academics from the arts and science are getting together in cross-disciplinary ways in order to explore the biological processes behind reading , creating and processing fiction .
" Reading is a very hard - wired thing in our brains .
There are brain cells that respond to reading and we can study them , " said Professor Richard Wise , a neuroscientist at Imperial College London .
That might seem a counter - intuitive way to treat the arts .
Great literature – and , indeed , not - so - great literature – has long been examined and studied in terms of other fields of the humanities .
People have identified philosophical theories in Shakespeare and analysed his differing moral ways of seeing the world .
Famous works of literature have long been interpreted according to Marxist theories or by looking at gender .
Or they have been seen as the product of exact historical , social , economic or environmental contexts .
Now , adding to those age - old debates , groups of scientists and literature experts are saying that the biology and chemistry of the brain are equally worthy of study and could provide as much insight .
Literature , they say , has its roots in what it does to our brains or even what genes might be involved .
Lighting up the right neurones is every bit as important as a keen moral insight or a societal context .
Some see that as revolutionary .
" It is one of the most exciting developments in intellectual life , " said Blakey Vermeule , an English professor at Stanford University .
Vermeule is examining the role of evolution in fiction : some call it " Darwinian literary studies " .
It looks at how human genetics and evolutionary theory shape and influence literature , or at how literature itself may be an expression of evolution .
For instance , the fact that much of human fiction is about the search for a suitable mate should suggest that evolutionary forces are at play .
Others agree that fiction can be seen as promoting social cohesion or even giving lessons in sexual selection .
" It is hard to interpret fiction without an evolutionary view , " said Professor Jonathan Gottschall at Washington and Jefferson College , Pennsylvania .
However , there has also been a backlash against the idea of using scientific methodology as a way of analysing fiction .
Some say that the very experience of literature is too individual for scientific study .
Or that science might do down the artistic and poetic notions of the humanities .
Others protest that the science is simply not advanced enough .
" It strikes me as just plain silly .
The mind and the brain are two quite separate things , and nobody knows what the relation is between them , " said Dr Ian Patterson , a fellow at Queens ' College , Cambridge .
Dr Nikolaj Zeuthen , of Aarhus University in Denmark , agreed .
" The experience of reading something is subjective , something that we have only private access to .
And surely there is nothing electrical , chemical about my experience of reading Woolf .
So how can you say anything about my experience by looking at brain imaging ? " he said .
But the proponents of neuro lit crit say that the critics are missing the point : discovering the scientific rules behind humankind 's passion for story - telling does not take anything away from aesthetics .
" Knowing the science behind the movement of a comet through space does not degrade the beauty of the night - time sky , " said Gottschall .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Williams technical director Sam Michael says his team is now in favour of Kinetic Energy Recovery Systems returning to Formula 1 as early as 2011 having been convinced that the devices are now cost - effective .
Amid continuing discussions on the future of KERS - which remains available in the regulations , but which the teams have agreed not to use in 2010 on cost grounds - Michael admitted that Williams had previously preferred to wait until the major rules overall due in 2013 .
But he said Ferrari and Renault had made a presentation to the rest of the teams that had convinced Williams that an early reintroduction of KERS would be financially viable .
" [ Waiting until 2013 ] was our position up to when Ferrari and Renault submitted a proposal to FOTA that they could do it for less than a million euros , " Michael said .
" So our position now is we 're doing KERS for 2011 , and so is theirs . "
Michael is confident that the Ferrari / Renault proposal makes KERS much more realistic than it was last season , when all the major teams spent large sums on developing the technology , but few actually raced it .
" I would n't say that 's incompatible with cost saving , because it 's got to be less than a million euros , so that 's quite different to spending money on a new engine development programme , for example , " said Michael
" It 's not like the KERS of old , when you were spending 10 to 20 million , or even more .
It 's [ now ] a million euros for the running costs . "
He said Williams had always been in favour of the KERS concept , and was only concerned about the financial implications .
" We 're supportive of KERS at Williams , but our [ original ] position was that we would rather it was integrated properly in the 2013 engine , " said Michael .
" It 's something F1 can contribute to .
A lot of road cars are going with KERS now , so it makes sense for F1 to have it .
We thought ' 13 was a better introduction point , but we 've got to go with the agreement that everyone signed , and that was if someone proved by the end of March that they could do it for a million euros , then they can .
" The attraction from my point of view is it makes the car go faster .
If someone 's got KERS then you can't afford not to have it .
You 're talking three or four tenths [ per lap ] .
" It was quicker [ to have KERS ] by the end of last year .
If you look at McLaren , in Ahu Dhabi they were very competitive until they had the brake failure , and that was with the old front tyre as well .
Now with the narrow front tyre it will be even easier to make KERS work . "
Michael is happy that the rules are sufficiently restrictive to prevent KERS turning into a costly development race .
" If you did n't have power and energy limits it would be a different question , but you do , " he said .
So global warming is dead , nailed into its coffin one devastating disclosure , defection and re-evaluation at a time .
Which means that pretty soon we 're going to need another apocalyptic scare to take its place .
As recently as October , the Guardian reported that scientists at Cambridge had " concluded that the Arctic is now melting at such a rate that it will be largely ice free within ten years . "
This was supposedly due to global warming .
It brought with it the usual lamentations for the grandchildren .
But ...
Kate Beaton
I saw a collection of Edward Gorey book covers online and thought I 'd give a go at drawing them up , now you do n't have to read them !
Maybe I will do more , they are pretty fun times .
I am going to do a little art piece for the yearly auction
Oh also , speakin ' of which , if you are a student at Mount A. , or live close by in New Brunswick or Nova Scotia , I am giving a talk here at Struts Gallery ( Sackville NB ) on Tuesday , February 2nd , at 7:30 pm as part of the residency I am doing .
The details are
A residency looks like this , it 's a big mess on a desk .
See you on Groundhog Day !
( Twitter ?
Twitter ! )
A Book By its Gorey CoverI saw a collection of Edward Gorey book covers online and thought I 'd give a go at drawing them up , now you do n't have to read them !
Maybe I will do more , they are pretty fun times .
I am going to do a little art piece for the yearly auction The Sweetest Little Thing , but what ?
Hmm , hmm .
Oh also , speakin ' of which , if you are a student at Mount A. , or live close by in New Brunswick or Nova Scotia , I am giving a talk here at Struts Gallery ( Sackville NB ) on Tuesday , February 2nd , at 7:30 pm as part of the residency I am doing .
The details are here !
A residency looks like this , it 's a big mess on a desk .
See you on Groundhog Day !
Store !
Some Neanderthals may have had pale skin and red hair similar to that of some modern humans .
Humans today could be part Neanderthal , according to a new study that found our ancestors interbred with an extinct hominid species some millennia ago .
Neanderthals walked the Earth between about 130,000 and 30,000 years ago .
While they co-existed with modern humans for a while , eventually they went extinct and we did n't .
There has been intense scientific debate over how similar the two species were , and whether they might have mated with each other .
" The issue has been highly contentious for some time , " said University of New Mexico genetic anthropologist Keith Hunley .
Last week at the annual meeting of the American Association of Physical Anthropologists in Albuquerque , N.M. , Hunley and colleagues presented the results of a new study that found evidence for interbreeding between modern humans and some other extinct ancient human species – either Neanderthals ( Homo neanderthalensis ) or another group such as Homo heidelbergensis .
The research was first reported by NatureNews .
The researchers looked at DNA samples from humans living today , and found signs of leftover Neanderthal genes introduced from this interbreeding .
They looked at genetic data from almost 2,000 people around the world , and calculated how much genetic variation existed between samples .
The results indicate that some extinct group of hominids mixed their genes with ours at two points in history , Hunley said .
One period of interbreeding probably occurred shortly after Homo sapiens migrated out of Africa around 60,000 years ago .
The researchers found an excess of genetic diversity in all modern people except Africans , suggesting that the influx of Neanderthal - like DNA came after the exodus from Africa .
A second period of interbreeding is suggested by the fact that the researchers measured even more genetic diversity among people of Oceanic descent – people from Australia , New Zealand , New Guinea and other Pacific islands .
" I think we show there 's clear evidence in the genome of living people of this mixture , " Hunley told LiveScience .
" The fact that there 's a clear signal implies that there was some significant amount " of interbreeding , he said .
This work is the first time scientists have used DNA from living people to look at this question , Hunley said .
In an earlier study , Erik Trinkaus of Washington University in St. Louis found suggestions of Neanderthal and modern human interbreeding by comparing ancient bone fossils from the two species .
Trinkaus said the new work fits into his findings , though he has n't reviewed the details yet since Hunley 's paper has not yet been published in a peer - reviewed journal .
" The conclusion makes sense and fits with the majority of the data available , " Trinkaus said .
Another anthropologist who has studied Neanderthal anatomy agreed .
" I have been arguing for this position throughout my career , ever since I began to study Neandertals and other populations , " said Milford Wolpoff of the University of Michigan .
" It has always seemed clear that some Neandertal anatomy appears in living populations . "
Not everyone , though , will be easily convinced yet , Hunley said .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In an attempt to preserve all that they believe is great about a free and just America , Arizona has opened US culture to two words that previously were the exclusive province of Nazi Germany and the communist bloc : “ Papers , please . ”
You may have heard last week about Arizona ’s latest bout of nostalgia for a never - was White America , in the form of a draconian “ illegal immigration ” law that effectively lets police stop anyone and haul them in if they ca n’t prove their Americanness on the spot .
( Just a few months ago , MoJo exposed how Texas peace officers were using petty drinking misdemeanors to round up undesirables ; Lone Star State cops must be jealous of Arizona now .
No more red tape to cover your penchant for profiling ! )
But guess what ?
Arizona ’s got other new crazy laws !
Just a week before criminalizing trips to the supermarket sans birth certificates , Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed a decree that empowers state residents to carry a concealed weapon with no license , no registration , and no questions asked .
Exciting , right ?
But wait — there ’s more !
If your gun was made in Arizona , you do n’t even need to submit to a federal background check to buy it .
The nice thing about concealed - carry permits — which most states have — is that they require the applicant to go through some sort of weapons training proving that they can , you know , not kill the wrong people with their lethal firearm .
That had been the case in Arizona .
But now , for citizens who opt to get the state ’s now - pointless permit , “ classes are no longer required to be a set number of hours or include any hands - on use of the weapon , ” according to the Arizona Republic .
What ’s more : “ Those who do n’t get a permit would not be required to get any training or education . ”
That ’s so crazy , even gun enthusiasts are aghast .
Ex-cop and firearms - safety instructor Dan Furbee says the law wo n’t just kill off his business — and that of every other weapons instructor in Arizona — but it could literally kill off Arizonans :
“ I fully agree that we have a right to keep and bear arms , ” Furbee said .
“ But if you are not responsible enough to take a class and learn the laws , you are worse than part of the problem . ”
He said it ’s not uncommon for students to walk into his classroom and pull a new gun out of a box with no idea how to hold it and no understanding of the laws surrounding it .
“ If you are going to carry a concealed weapon , you should have some kind of training and show that you are at least competent to know how the gun works and be able to hit a target , ” he said .
“ You owe the people around you a measure of responsibility . ”
Furbee ’s not alone .
Another local sheriff told the AP he was concerned about twentysomethings who ca n’t legally rent a car , but can now stuff a Desert Eagle .50 - cal down their cargo shorts .
“ I know a lot of 21 - year - olds ; the maturity level is gravely concerning sometimes , ” he said , with a flair for understatement rarely evidenced among Arizona lawmen .
One wonders , too , what might happen when Arizona ’s two new laws intersect : Somewhere , right now , a legal Arizonan with Latino features — maybe 10 , maybe 10,000 — is legally stuffing a pistol into his waistband .
Perhaps that prospect will make police a little more circumspect about who they round up on the streets ?
We doubt it .
Anyway , as far as the Great Immigrant Roundup of ’ 10 goes , the Arizona law - enforcement establishment is already warming up : A Phoenix TV station last week told the story of a trucker — born in Fresno , California — who was detained at a weigh station under suspicion of being an illegal .
Yes , he ’s Latino , and as the video shows , he speaks heavily accented English .
So the authorities apparently were unimpressed when he showed his driver ’s license and recited his social security number .
He was hauled in to the hoosegow , where his wife had to leave work and produce his California birth certificate to secure his release .
We shudder to think what will happen to Barack Obama if ever decides to take the family on a road trip through the Painted Desert .
Yosuke Moriya
Last night brought sad news for the underground hip hop community ; it 's been confirmed that Nujabes ( née Jun Seba ) died last month in a car accident in Tokyo .
The Japanese hip hop DJ and producer was a mere 36 years old , and passed the same day the 7.3 earthquake hit the coast of Japan on February 26th .
News of his death was not made public until yesterday when his label Hydeout Productions issued a statement online .
Nujabes ' family held a private burial in Japan .
Nujabes was known around the world for his jazz - infused , sophisticated take on hip hop beats , and a melancholy , nostalgic undertone to his music that has made for some of the most beautiful tracks to emerge from the underground .
In addition to making music and founding a record label , he also owned influential record stores in Tokyo ( Guiness Records , T Records ) and worked on the soundtrack of Samurai Champloo , a famous anime about samurai and hip hop culture .
A few of the innovative beatmaker 's most beloved tracks , below :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
T. McAlee 's theological " proof " of the Riemann Hypothesis " Riemanns ' Hypothesis states , all the non-trivial 0's of the Riemann Zeta Function , lie on the .5 line , with 1/2 part Real , This famous function related to Prime frequencies , has never been proved , for over 150 yrs . ( until now ) !
A unit circle = 1 The Origin = 0 The Radius = .5 Now imagine The Big Bang , when GOD said , Let There Be Light !
From a dense mass of FAITH , no larger than a mustard seed , The Universe Exploded from that tiny creation , and is still expanding in a circular expansion .
( PROOF OF RIEMANN'S HYPOTHESIS ! ) .
GOD is # 1 The Universe is # 0 ( an expanding zero ) .
The Radius of this expanding Unit Circle ( God 's creation ) , is at all times , points , instantces , moments , potentials , etc. ( from the origin to inifinity ) , and ( no matter what level ) , the radius is NEVER <> 1/2 , than that , of the Diameter .
Were a casual observer , sitting on the edge of this circumference , to look via a telescope , at you standing on the Origin , he would see you as being the 1/2 line also .
Therefore , the Origin and the 1/2 line are inseperable , and symetrical representations , of the same thing , depend - ing on the perspective , as each are situated on two 1 /2 lines , really .
The Origin , ( itself a 1/2 line ) , divides TWO and the 1/2 line divides , still TWO other perspectives , to become its own origin , in respect to its two perspectives .
How could it ever be otherwise ?
Dealing with 0 , 1/2 and 1 , ( in that mathematical universe ) , then : How could the Riemann Hypothesis not be TRUE !
Q.E.D. T. McAlee , Sr. "
curiosities ' proofs ' of RH inexplicable secrets of creation home contact
Nice paper : “ Side - Channel Leaks in Web Applications : a Reality Today , a Challenge Tomorrow , ” by Shuo Chen , Rui Wang , XiaoFeng Wang , and Kehuan Zhang .
Abstract .
With software - as - a - service becoming mainstream , more and more applications are delivered to the client through the Web .
Unlike a desktop application , a web application is split into browser - side and server - side components .
A subset of the application ’s internal information flows are inevitably exposed on the network .
We show that despite encryption , such a side - channel information leak is a realistic and serious threat to user privacy .
Specifically , we found that surprisingly detailed sensitive information is being leaked out from a number of high - profile , top - of - the - line web applications in healthcare , taxation , investment and web search : an eavesdropper can infer the illnesses / medications / surgeries of the user , her family income and investment secrets , despite HTTPS protection ; a stranger on the street can glean enterprise employees ’ web search queries , despite WPA / WPA2 Wi-Fi encryption .
More importantly , the root causes of the problem are some fundamental characteristics of web applications : stateful communication , low entropy input for better interaction , and significant traffic distinctions .
As a result , the scope of the problem seems industry - wide .
We further present a concrete analysis to demonstrate the challenges of mitigating such a threat , which points to the necessity of a disciplined engineering practice for side - channel mitigations in future web application developments .
We already know that eavesdropping on an SSL - encrypted web session can leak a lot of information about the person ’s browsing habits .
Since the size of both the page requests and the page downloads are different , an eavesdropper can sometimes infer which links the person clicked on and what pages he ’s viewing .
This paper extends that work .
Ed Felten explains :
The new paper shows that this inference - from - size problem gets much , much worse when pages are using the now - standard AJAX programming methods , in which a web “ page ” is really a computer program that makes frequent requests to the server for information .
With more requests to the server , there are many more opportunities for an eavesdropper to make inferences about what you ’re doing — to the point that common applications leak a great deal of private information .
Consider a search engine that autocompletes search queries : when you start to type a query , the search engine gives you a list of suggested queries that start with whatever characters you have typed so far .
When you type the first letter of your search query , the search engine page will send that character to the server , and the server will send back a list of suggested completions .
Unfortunately , the size of that suggested completion list will depend on which character you typed , so an eavesdropper can use the size of the encrypted response to deduce which letter you typed .
When you type the second letter of your query , another request will go to the server , and another encrypted reply will come back , which will again have a distinctive size , allowing the eavesdropper ( who already knows the first character you typed ) to deduce the second character ; and so on .
In the end the eavesdropper will know exactly which search query you typed .
This attack worked against the Google , Yahoo , and Microsoft Bing search engines .
Many web apps that handle sensitive information seem to be susceptible to similar attacks .
The researchers studied a major online tax preparation site ( which they do n’t name ) and found that it leaks a fairly accurate estimate of your Adjusted Gross Income ( AGI ) .
This happens because the exact set of questions you have to answer , and the exact data tables used in tax preparation , will vary based on your AGI .
To give one example , there is a particular interaction relating to a possible student loan interest calculation , that only happens if your AGI is between $ 115,000 and $ 145,000 — so that the presence or absence of the distinctively - sized message exchange relating to that calculation tells an eavesdropper whether your AGI is between $ 115,000 and $ 145,000 .
By assembling a set of clues like this , an eavesdropper can get a good fix on your AGI , plus information about your family status , and so on .
For similar reasons , a major online health site leaks information about which medications you are taking , and a major investment site leaks information about your investments .
Jobless claims fall for 2nd straight week
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The number of Americans filing initial claims for unemployment insurance fell for the second straight week , according to weekly government data released Thursday .
There were 448,000 initial jobless claims filed in the week ended April 24 , down 11,000 from an upwardly revised 459,000 the previous week , according to the Labor Department 's weekly report .
Economists surveyed by Briefing.com had expected new claims to fall to 445,000 in the latest week .
The number of new claims was the lowest since the 442,000 reported in the week ended March 27 .
The Labor Department also tracks the four - week moving average of initial claims , which smoothes out volatility in the measure .
That number reached 462,500 for the week , up 1,500 from the previous week 's revised average of 461,000 .
" The claims numbers are moving in right direction , " said John Canally , an economist for LPL Financial .
" We 'd like to see claims stay below 400,000 to get more confidence about robust jobs growth , " he added .
The number of people filing continuing claims totaled 4,645,000 in the week ended April 17 , the most recent data available .
That figure was down 18,000 from the preceding week 's revised 4,663,000 claims , and slightly above the 4,625,000 economists expected , according to Briefing.com .
Continuing claims were down for the fourth straight week .
The four - week moving average for continuing claims totaled 4,639,000 , down 9,000 from the preceding week 's revised average of 4,648,000 .
Continuing claims data exclude people whose benefits expired or those who have moved to state or federal extensions .
It reflects those filing each week after their initial claim until the end of their standard benefits , which usually last 26 weeks .
Lawmakers in the House and Senate on April 15 approved an extension of unemployment insurance until June 2 .
In March , the government instituted a number of tax breaks for businesses and other measures spark job growth and nudge the stubborn 9.7 % unemployment rate down .
Many economists expect the jobless rate to tick down slightly when the number is announced on May 7 .
Although Canally expects to see some distortion in the May jobs data , largely because of the temporary Census workers , he forecast an umemployment rate of 9.6 % .
He says that number could fall to 9.25 % by year - end .
Jobless claims fell the most in New York , with a dip of 21,010 in the week ended April 17 , primarily due to fewer layoffs in the service and transportation industries .
California and Pennsylvania rounded out the top three states with the largest declines in new claims .
Puerto Rico , Iowa , and Georgia did n't fare as well , topping the list of areas with the largest increases in initial claims .
The report follows a spate of promising economic data including strong retail sales , and better - than - expected corporate earnings and housing data .
But that upbeat news has been overshadowed by troubles on the international stage , which peaked this week with the downgrade of Greek , Portuguese and Spanish sovereign debt ratings .
Many economists expect gradual improvement to continue on the jobs front , but the process of getting back to normal unemployment levels is likely to take years .
" Even though the economy is in recovery , it is n't going to feel like a real recovery to the average person until they see their jobs back , " said Canally .
A man has died after an eel that was inserted into his rectum gnawed away at his bowels , causing agonising injuries which were eventually fatal .
The 59 - year - old man , a chef , was reportedly taken to a Sichuan hospital complaining of abdominal pain , dehydration and a great deal of anal bleeding .
He was soon diagnosed as being in a severe state of shock .
Doctors were mystified as to the cause , and obtained permission from his family to undertake an exploratory laparotomy .
Cutting open his innards , they discovered a 50 cm long Asian swamp eel lodged in his rectum .
Though dead , the eel had apparently already wrought havoc on his innards , biting its way through his intestines prior to dying .
Internal bleeding and infection rapidly set in .
He was reported to have eaten a lot of eel the previous day , but otherwise doctors had no idea how the creature had got there .
His condition quickly worsened .
He lingered for 10 days in intensive care but eventually succumbed to the injuries and sepsis .
The likely cause was eventually established – he had apparently been drinking with friends , and had passed out .
His friends had decided it would be amusing to insert a live eel into his anus whilst he was comatose .
Police have reportedly begun an investigation .
“ If the president ’s parents had lived in Virginia , their marriage would have been unlawful .
Does n’t that indicate there ’s been quite a change in our understanding of what people are entitled to marry ?
Could n’t an argument be made that there ’s been a similar evolution with respect to same - sex marriage ? ”
— U.S. District Court Judge Vaughn Walker , referring to the fact that President Barack Obama ’s mother was white and his father was African American , when Charles Cooper , the lead attorney for the Yes on 8 team , noted that Obama has also expressed opposition to same - sex marriages .
A victim of a Catholic priest accused of molesting as many as 200 deaf boys in Wisconsin filed a federal lawsuit in Milwaukee on Thursday against Pope Benedict XVI and other top Vatican officials - the latest effort by victims to hold the Holy See responsible for the handling of clergy sex abuse cases around the world .
The lawsuit alleges that Benedict , then - Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , and others knew of the complaints about Father Lawrence Murphy as early as 1995 ; that its culture of secrecy helped to perpetuate clergy abuse ; and that the Holy See , as the supreme authority over the church , was responsible for decisions local bishops made about Murphy going back to the 1950s .
Filed in the Eastern District of Wisconsin , it is the third lawsuit now pending in U.S. federal courts , and the first to seek - in addition to monetary damages - the release of files the Vatican maintains on thousands of allegedly abusive priests worldwide , said attorneys for the plaintiff , an Illinois man identified in court records as John Doe 16 .
" It demands that they disclose the files to the court , so they can be turned over to law enforcement officials around the globe , . . . investigated and prosecuted , " said Jeff Anderson , whose St. Paul , Minn. , law firm he said has represented victims in 2,000 lawsuits involving clergy sex abuse over the last 25 years .
The Vatican 's California - based attorney , Jeffrey Lena , in a statement Thursday called the lawsuit a publicity stunt with no merit that " rehashes old theories already rejected by U.S. courts . "
Also named as defendants are the Vatican city - state known as the Holy See ; Secretary of State Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , who served as Ratzinger 's deputy at the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith beginning in 1995 ; and Cardinal Angelo Sodano , former secretary of state and now dean of the College of Cardinals - who referred to the scandal as " petty gossip " during Benedict 's Easter Mass in April .
Documents made public as part of the lawsuit include letters the victim sent to Sodano via registered mail in March 1995 , pleading with him to read them to Pope John Paul II in the hopes that he would excommunicate Murphy .
The letters , originally written to Murphy and then - Milwaukee Archbishop Rembert Weakland , lay out in excruciating detail the allegations against Murphy and the devastating effects of his abuse on victims , from mental health problems to suicide and the loss of their faith in the church .
" Everytime I see other priests I wonder , ' Are they molestors , too ? '
They always remind me of you ; a clever wolf , a mortal sinner , a heavy luster who walked among us every night in the Catholic dorm , " the victim wrote in the seven - page letter to Murphy , dated Feb. 12 , 1995 , and copied to Weakland and Pope John Paul II .
" How could you hurt me the way you did , " it goes on to say .
" I was just a little kid . "
The victim , who was in his 40s when he wrote the letters , was molested at St. John School for the Deaf in St. Francis , where Murphy worked from 1950 to 1974 , according to the lawsuit .
The victim was 12 years old when the abuse began , Anderson said .
A second letter from the victim to Sodano in May 1995 indicates he had not responded to the victim 's pleas .
Focus shifted to Vatican
Focus on the clergy sex abuse scandal has shifted in recent weeks from local bishops to the Vatican as victims and news accounts raised questions about how both John Paul II and Ratzinger handled allegations involving pedophile priests in Europe and the United States , including those against Murphy .
The Vatican has long worried about the possibility of legal liability in U.S. courts , according to a 2006 story in the National Catholic Reporter .
The story cites a 2005 meeting between Sodano and then - Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in which he asked the State Department to assert the Holy See 's immunity from liability as a sovereign state in a pending lawsuit .
In that case , the court upheld the Vatican 's sovereign status , it said .
Federal appeals courts in recent months have allowed cases in Oregon and Kentucky to proceed , although the Vatican has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to hear an appeal in the Oregon case .
The Vatican has argued that the pope is protected by sovereign immunity in the more than 170 nations that have diplomatic relations with the Holy See .
But attorneys for victims cite the 1976 Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act , which allows foreign governments and representatives to be sued in some cases involving commercial or private activity .
Some legal experts questioned the Wisconsin lawsuit 's prospects .
Nicholas Cafardi , a canon lawyer and former dean at the Duquesne University School of Law , said he does n't believe Anderson can overcome sovereign immunity hurdles .
He said the lawsuit describes the Roman Catholic Church as if it were an international commercial business , and it 's not .
" He 's alleging an employment relationship between individual priests and the Holy See , " Cafardi said .
" I 'm sorry , but diocesan priests in the United States are not employees of the Holy See. . . .
If a court were to accept that , they would be creating a new Catholic Church , not the one that exists now . "
But Washington , D.C. , attorney Jonathan Levy , a specialist in international law who has tried suing the Vatican Bank over Holocaust claims , said Anderson could succeed in taking advantage of exceptions to sovereign immunity .
" I 'd say he 's got some new and exciting theories in there why the Vatican should be held responsible for its bad acts , " Levy said .
Allegations known since ' 70s
The Archdiocese of Milwaukee is not named in the lawsuit , and spokesman Jerry Topczewski declined to comment directly on the suit .
But he added , " By the time the Vatican was notified in the mid-1990s , we know of no abuse by Lawrence Murphy that could have been prevented . "
A woman who answered the phone at the Papal Nunciature , or embassy , in New York , said all questions must be put in writing and faxed to the Nuncio , Archbishop Pietro Sambi .
She could not guarantee he would respond .
The Milwaukee archdiocese , and local police and prosecutors , have known of the allegations against Murphy since at least the 1970s , though victims allege the archdiocese knew as early as the 1950s .
Victims met separately with then - Archbishop William Cousins and the Milwaukee County district attorney 's office in the early to mid-1970s , seeking Murphy 's removal from the school and criminal charges .
The church initially said Murphy was too valuable to St. John 's but later allowed him to resign and move to the Superior Diocese where his family had a home , and he continued to help out in parishes and schools .
Retired District Attorney E. Michael McCann and his then - deputy , William Gardner , have maintained that the cases brought to their office were beyond the statute of limitations and not prosecutable .
Victims allege prosecutors knew that at least one case could have been charged .
Archbishop Rembert Weakland wrote to Ratzinger , then head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , in 1996 in an effort to have Murphy laicized , or removed from the priesthood .
Documents show Ratzinger 's deputy at first endorsed a canon trial and then discouraged it , citing Murphy 's age and ill health .
Murphy died in 1998 , just days after Weakland and the judge in the canon trial drafted letters suggesting they had , or had intended to , halt the case .
However , it was not officially dismissed until after Murphy 's death .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Heinrich Himmler 's Wewelsburg Castle becomes museum dedicated to history of Nazi Germany 's SS
A museum given the dubious name of ' Naziland ' by critics has been opened in the former castle home of SS leader Heinrich Himmler .
The 17th century Wewelsburg Castle , near Paderborn in Germany , charts the history of the country 's murderous elite .
The display claims to be the largest in the world devoted to the history of the SS - and a poignant warning never to allow it to happen again .
A Nazi SS helmet which is part of the display at Wewelsburg Castle in western Germany
Eerie :
The so - called ' Crypt ' opened during the opening of the exhibition ' Ideology and Terror of the SS ' at Wewelsburg Castle
Himmler - who was obsessed with the occult - used concentration camp labour to build a giant swastika in the basement where SS heroes were to be cremated .
Elsewhere he constructed a chamber with an eternal flame overlooked by 12 pillars for SS ' knights ' as his version of King Arthur 's round table .
Nazi memorabilia : SS uniforms and insignia are among the items on display at the castle designed by SS leader Heinrich Himmler
Evil : Nazi and SS paraphernalia and propaganda .
The exhibition contains 1,000 pieces charting the history of the SS as it developed from Hitler 's elite guard to a band of more than a million that committed unspeakable crimes across Europe
But critics have warned that the new £ 7 million museum will become a shrine to far right neo -nazis who will make pilgrimages to the castle .
Deputy museum director Kirsten John - Stucke said : ' Unwanted right wing visitors who want to make the castle a pilgrimage site will be kicked out . '
Despite the criticism , German authorities now intend to open more exhibitions about the Nazi regime - including a museum in Berlin dedicated to the dreaded Gestapo secret police on the site of its former HQ .
A Swastika adorns the ceiling of the ' Crypt ' .
The circular crypt had a gas pipe in the floor for an eternal flame , and 12 pedestals at even intervals around the walls
Wewelsburg castle , a renaissance castle which was used by the SS during Nazi rule
Left :
An SS manual on display at the spiritual home of SS leader Heinrich Himmler , right
Sony has on multiple occasions refined the functionality from the PlayStation 3 , adding in features such as on - demand , streaming video through Netflix and cutting out the likes of PlayStation 2 backward operability ( the latter of which came through a hardware revision ) .
In that vein , the publisher began the month by axing gamers ' ability to install the Linux operating system through the " Other OS " functionality as part of PS3 firmware update v3.21 , a move that brought older iterations of the hardware in line with the new Slim models .
Linux was one of the reasons some users preferred the old PS3 models .
At least one gamer is n't taking the reduced functionality lying down .
This week , Anthony Ventura of Santa Clara , California , filed suit in the US District Court of Northern California , claiming that Sony breached its sales contract , as well as " the covenant of good faith and fair dealing , " by removing the Other OS feature from the system .
Ventura is asking that the suit be made a class - action complaint on behalf of PS3 owners who purchased the console between November 17 , 2006 , and March 27 , 2010 .
Ventura alleges that the removal of the Other OS feature was unlawful due to four primary reasons .
First , the suit claims that Sony marketed the Other OS functionality , and many owners purchased the system over competing products because of the removed functionality .
" Indeed , Sony stated on its Web site playstation .com that when it designed the PS3 , 'it was fully intended that you , a PS3 owner , could play games , watch movies , view photos , listen to music , and run a full - featured Linux operating system that transforms your PS3 into a home computer , ' " the suit reads .
Second , the suit notes that the Other OS feature is valuable , in that it " saves consumers money from having to …buy many additional electronic devices or applications . "
Third , the suit claims that Sony reneged on its promise to support the functionality , and it did so by surreptitiously announcing the removal of Other OS only as an update on playstation.com .
The suit claims that the disablement came not as a way to enhance security but as a method to curtail the use of the feature to illegally pirate software .
Lastly , the suit addresses the fact that the v3.21 update is optional , noting that those who wish to continue using the Other OS feature must give up other valuable functionality .
" PS3 owner are not technically required to install Update 3.21 , " the complaint reads .
" However , Sony has built a vast and sticky web of restrictions that will prevent users from accessing many of the PS3's Other Advertised Features for anyone who declines the ' upgrade . ' "
These features include PlayStation Network access , accessing online play , using new games , and watching Blu-ray videos .
The suit seeks compensatory damages , restitution , injunctive relief , attorneys ' fees , and other costs associated with filing .
Sony declined to comment on the suit .
Factory refurbished Glassman - 10,000 volt 2 milli-amp power supply .
This power supply is in perfect working condition and is suitable for use in a Fusor .
Must be 18 or older for this item .
Less
A new species of moth which has markings that make it look like a bird dropping , protecting it from predators , has been discovered in Devon .
The insect was declared to be new to science after its caterpillars were found by an amateur naturalist among oak leaves in the National Trust 's Hembury Woods .
The strange white caps covering its eyes make it look like a bird dropping .
Bob Heckford had stopped off briefly in the woods to see what moth species he could spot when he found a bright green , leaf - mining caterpillar he had not encountered before .
He contacted Dr Erik van Nieukerken , an international authority on moths , who , after raising some of the caterpillars until they turned into adult moths , declared them to be a species never before recorded .
The tiny moth , which has a striking orange head , was officially described by Dr Van Nieukerken , of the National Museum of Natural History in the Netherlands , who named it Ectoedemia heckfordi in honour of the man who found it .
Mr Heckford , a solicitor , said he was quietly pleased at being able to claim a world first , especially as finding a new species is such a rarity in Britain .
He said : " I knew when I found it that it was new to Britain but it was Erik who told me it was n't found anywhere else in the world .
" It 's nice for something like that to happen .
I 'm very pleased .
It 's very nice to think there 's something that has n't been found before and it's in Devon – you usually have to go to the tropical rainforests to find something new . "
The micro-moth has a wingspan of 6 mm and its body is 3 mm long ; it has a creamy band around its middle and white hoods protecting the eyes .
Leaf - mining caterpillars eat the leaves from the inside and leave empty tracks – mines – as they gouge their way along , without breaking through the skin of the leaf .
Since finding the first caterpillar , the species has been found at three other places in Devon , each time on oak trees .
Matthew Oates , a Nature Conservation Adviser and a moth expert at the National Trust , said : " This is new to science .
That 's very significant and shows you do n't have to go to the Amazon to find new species . "
He said it was unclear what role the eye caps play but it is suspected they evolved to avoid the attention of birds .
" It 's possibly for camouflage , " he said .
" Birds tend to aim for the eyes , even a species as small as this .
The eye caps may be an attempt to make the moth look like a bird dropping .
This tactic is used by quite a few insects . "
Paying tribute to the long tradition of amateur naturalists in Britain , Mr Oates said : " We hear so much about the losses to the natural world , and less about the gains ; which makes this find , however small , so important .
Amateur naturalists have a wonderful window on the wildlife world and nature continues to amaze us . "
The moth was discovered in the autumn of 2004 but was described only this year , in the scientific journal ZooKeys .
It 's not the first time Mr Heckford has found micro moths that were previously unknown in Britain .
Everyone was looking at the Coyotes as buyers of a guy or two at the deadline .
We needed another solid defenseman and maybe a forward that could help on the power play a little bit .
I do n't think there was anyone outside the Coyotes front office that thought the Coyotes would make a total of seven deals getting five NHL level players and a few AHL ones .
With the moves they did make though , the Coyotes are certainly even more dangerous than they were earlier this morning .
Let 's run through them one more time and I 'll add in all the little deals too .
Derek Morris from Boston for a Conditional 2010 draft pick .
The pick , it looks like is a 4th if we are n't able to re-sign DMo and a 3rd if we do .
This move was a solid win as we needed to add someone on the defensive end for the playoff run and Morris does that with as little disruption as possible .
While the team certainly looks different than it did in the past when he was here , he 's also on a competent team here with a solid system .
Wojtek Wolski for Peter Mueller and Kevin Porter . - I think we still win this one .
If Avs fans thought Wolski was underachieving and playing poorly with 17 - 30 - 47 , then they should REALLY think Mueller is with 4 -13 - 17 .
I do n't like giving up on Peter Mueller , but he had plenty of chances to improve and could n't come through .
Don Maloney said on local radio that earlier this year Mueller actually requested to be traded .
Well he got his wish .
The part I really do n't like is that we also had to give up Kevin Porter in the deal too .
Porter had n't been able stick on the big team , but showed a lot of promise and was a Hobey Baker winner in College .
But Wolski in return was too good to pass up .
He 's only 23 , has consistently put up over 40 points a year and has the potential to do more .
The other trades after the jump ...
We picked up veteran defenseman Mathieu Schnieder from the Vancouver Canucks for Sean Zimmerman and a conditional 6th round pick .
The Pick is conditional on Schneider clearing re-entry waivers .
Zimmerman was a decent player in San Antonio , but had never done well enough to warrant a look in the NHL .
He came close in camp a couple of times but he 's a player with a level of talent that can be fairly easily replaced .
Schneider is a veteran presence that has been to the playoffs plenty of times .
He 's also big on the power play which is something the Coyotes could desperately use .
Move FOUR of the day saw us get Lee Stempniak from the Toronto Maple Leafs for defenseman Matt Jones and this year 's 4th and 7th round picks .
Julian from Pension Plan Puppets says that he 's Hard working , hits , hustles and puts in a good all around effort , but also said not to expect goals .
Jones is a good , but again , replaceble prospect that had a few games to try and break into the NHL , but never quite could .
As with many of the moves today it gives more prospects more playing time to develop in the AHL .
Though really Jones had n't played all year and this is just us dumping contracts on Brian Burke .
Thanks again Brian !
Move five got us Winger Alex Picard from the Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for former Michigan Wolverine Chad Kolarik .
Note , this is NOT the same Alex Picard that now plays for Carolina .
Kolarik had n't really made any moves that made it seem like he was going to be a big time NHLer any time soon .
While he 's another prospect that was highly touted , it 's mostly a lateral move .
Picard is ... I dunno what the hell he is .
He 's no Jean - Luc though .
He 's got 0 goals , 0 assists and is a minus 3 in 9 games with Columbus this year .
Hockey 's Future gives him a D , which means ... whatever .
Though they say he has good hands and is a physical player .
Six .
Dumping Anders Eriksson on the Rangers for a prospect Goalie named Miika Wiikman .
Also in that deal we get some extra consonants to insert in his name and a 2011 7th round pick .
Eriksson was n't going to be playing anymore and we got actually some good stuff .
A pick would have been fine , but we get an AHL goaltender which the system needed when the Ducks dumped Justin Pogge .
Finally !
The Seventh move of the day .
Petteri Nokelainen from the Ducks for a 6th round pick in this year 's draft .
Well , at least we only have to go to the first day and a half of the draft since our late round picks are gone .
Nokelainen is 4-7- 11 in 50 games with the Ducks this year , so I 'm not really sure what we 're doing there .
Maybe more AHL players ?
Color me confused .
In Summary :
We get : Derek Morris , Mathieu Schneider , Wojtek Wolski , Lee Stempniak , Alexandre Picard , Miika Wiikman and Petteri Nokelainen
We gave up : Peter Mueller , Kevin Porter , Chad Kolarik , Anders Eriksson , Matt Jones , Sean Zimmerman a 2011 3rd or 4th and 2010 4th , two 6ths and a 7th .
Gotta say , that 's looking like a big win for us on the day .
GM Don Maloney took all that buyer talk as serious business .
I like it .
Buying is fun !
The Original Macintosh : 6 of 27 Bicycle Author : Andy Hertzfeld Date : April 1981 Characters : Rod Holt , Steve Jobs , Jef Raskin Topics : Management , Apple Spirit Summary : Rod wants to change the name of the project Logo for Mac University Consortium Jef Raskin chose the name " Macintosh " , after his favorite kind of apple , so when Jef was forced to go on an extended leave of absence in February 1981 , Steve Jobs and Rod Holt decided to change the name of the project , partially to distance it from Jef .
They considered " Macintosh " to be a code name anyway , and did n't want us to get too attached to it .
Apple had recently taken out a two page ad in Scientific American , featuring quotes from Steve Jobs about the wonders of personal computers .
The ad explained how humans were not as fast runners as many other species , but a human on a bicycle beat them all .
Personal computers were " bicycles for the mind . "
A month or so after Jef 's departure , Rod Holt announced to the small design team that the new code name for the project was " Bicycle " , and that we should change all references to " Macintosh " to " Bicycle " .
When we objected , thinking " Bicycle " was a silly name , Rod thought that it should n't matter , " since it was only a code name " .
Rod 's edict was never obeyed .
Somehow , Macintosh just seemed right .
It was already ingrained with the team , and the " Bicycle " name seemed forced and inappropriate , so no one but Rod ever called it " Bicycle " .
For a few weeks , Rod would reprimand anyone who called it " Macintosh " in his presence , but the new name never acquired any momentum .
Finally , around a month after his original order , after someone called it " Macintosh " again , he threw up his hands in exasperation and told us , " I give up !
You can call it Macintosh if you want .
It 's only a code name , anyway . "
But it was a code name that proved to be sturdy and resilient .
In the Fall of 1982 , Apple paid tens of thousands of dollars to a marketing consulting firm to come up with a themed set of names for Lisa and Macintosh .
They came up with lots of ideas , including calling the Mac the " Apple 40 " or the " Apple Allegro " .
After hearing all the suggestions , Steve and the marketing team decided to go with Lisa and Macintosh as the official names .
They did manage to reverse engineer an acronym for Lisa , " Local Integrated Systems Architecture " , but internally we preferred the recursive " Lisa : Invented Stupid Acronym " , or something like that .
Macintosh seemed to be acroynm proof .
But there was still a final hurdle to clear - the name was too close to a trademark from the McIntosh stereo company .
I 'm not sure how the situation was resolved ( I suspect that Apple paid them a modest amount ) , but toward the end of the retreat in January 1983 , Steve announced to the team that we had gotten rights to use the name .
He dashed a champagne bottle against one of the prototypes , and declared , " I christen thee Macintosh ! "
Apple had recently taken out a two page ad in Scientific American , featuring quotes from Steve Jobs about the wonders of personal computers .
The ad explained how humans were not as fast runners as many other species , but a human on a bicycle beat them all .
Personal computers were " bicycles for the mind .
" A month or so after Jef 's departure , Rod Holt announced to the small design team that the new code name for the project was " Bicycle " , and that we should change all references to " Macintosh " to " Bicycle " .
When we objected , thinking " Bicycle " was a silly name , Rod thought that it should n't matter , " since it was only a code name " .
Rod 's edict was never obeyed .
Somehow , Macintosh just seemed right .
It was already ingrained with the team , and the " Bicycle " name seemed forced and inappropriate , so no one but Rod ever called it " Bicycle " .
For a few weeks , Rod would reprimand anyone who called it " Macintosh " in his presence , but the new name never acquired any momentum .
Finally , around a month after his original order , after someone called it " Macintosh " again , he threw up his hands in exasperation and told us , " I give up !
You can call it Macintosh if you want .
It 's only a code name , anyway .
" But it was a code name that proved to be sturdy and resilient .
In the Fall of 1982 , Apple paid tens of thousands of dollars to a marketing consulting firm to come up with a themed set of names for Lisa and Macintosh .
They came up with lots of ideas , including calling the Mac the " Apple 40 " or the " Apple Allegro " .
After hearing all the suggestions , Steve and the marketing team decided to go with Lisa and Macintosh as the official names .
They did manage to reverse engineer an acronym for Lisa , " Local Integrated Systems Architecture " , but internally we preferred the recursive " Lisa : Invented Stupid Acronym " , or something like that .
Macintosh seemed to be acroynm proof .
But there was still a final hurdle to clear - the name was too close to a trademark from the McIntosh stereo company .
I 'm not sure how the situation was resolved ( I suspect that Apple paid them a modest amount ) , but toward the end of the retreat in January 1983 , Steve announced to the team that we had gotten rights to use the name .
He dashed a champagne bottle against one of the prototypes , and declared , " I christen thee Macintosh ! "
Login Account Name :
Password :
Create new account Rating Overall Rating : 3.47
( average ) Login to add your own ratings
Your rating :
1
2
3
4
5
Vice President Joe Biden , winding up a disconcerting trip to the Middle East , struggled Thursday to keep hopes alive for new peace talks amid Palestinian anger over Israeli plans for new housing construction in a disputed Jerusalem neighborhood .
Despite earlier pledges to take part in talks scheduled to begin next week , Palestinian officials threatened to stay away unless Israel abandons announced plans for a 1,600 - unit project in East Jerusalem .
Palestinians pressed for the United States to persuade Israel to change its stance on the project .
Although the Americans voiced unhappiness with Israel , they also praised an Israeli government apology that voiced regret over the timing of the announcement but did not cancel the plan .
Saeb Erekat , the chief Palestinian negotiator , said on Voice of Palestine radio that Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas would not take part in upcoming talks unless Israel drops the construction project .
However , Erekat was quoted by other news organizations later Thursday as saying that Abbas was not setting conditions for Palestinian participation , although he hoped the United States would persuade the Israelis to halt the building project .
The statements came as Biden lobbied leaders of both sides in a bid to rescue the talks .
He had a midday phone call with Abbas and also spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
In Washington , other U.S. officials contacted leaders throughout the Middle East in a tandem effort to salvage the talks .
American officials said they still expect the Palestinians to take part in the negotiations .
Nonetheless , the uncertainty suggests just how much the peace effort lost ground this week during Biden ’s visit to Israel and the West Bank to mobilize both sides to begin indirect talks after a yearlong interruption .
The flap began Tuesday when Israeli officials said they intended to build the housing for religious Israelis in a subdivision called Ramat Shlomo .
Biden , embarrassed and angered , criticized Israel in unusually strong language for two straight days , as he met with Israeli officials and then top Palestinian leaders .
The incident seemed to further shake already weak Palestinian support for the new talks .
Israelis have shown little enthusiasm for the planned indirect talks , which would be mediated by the United States .
They would prefer face - to - face negotiations .
Palestinians broke off direct talks in December 2008 at the time of Israel ’s offensive against the Gaza Strip .
Abbas recently gained support from other Arab countries for a return to negotiations , even though Israel has not fully halted controversial construction .
Erekat said in his radio interview that he expects U.S. envoy George J. Mitchell to say when he returns to the region next week whether U.S. officials have succeeded in persuading Israel to abandon plans for the new construction .
The Palestinian spokesman said Abbas told Biden that “ the U.S. administration should work to cancel the Israeli decision on settlements ” and that “ it will be difficult for him to return to the negotiations before canceling that decision . ”
“ If Israel insists on these settlement activities , then it alone will be responsible for sabotaging efforts by the international community to achieve peace , ” Erekat said .
In a speech at Tel Aviv University , Biden called on both sides to undertake further peace efforts , saying the current situation can only become more difficult .
“ The status quo is unsustainable , ” Biden said .
Biden hailed a statement by Netanyahu suggesting that the Ramat Shlomo project would take so long to build that the issue might be mooted by the completion of negotiations over control of Jerusalem .
Netanyahu said remaining approvals for the project “ will in all likelihood take more than a year and the beginning of actual construction would likely take several years . ”
But Israel ’s position is that construction in East Jerusalem is legal and proper , and Netanyahu did n’t imply that he disapproved of the construction .
The Israeli leader instructed other government officials to avoid disruptive announcements of construction projects such as the one unveiled Tuesday .
He said he had personally “ expressed his displeasure ” to the Israeli interior minister .
Biden flew to Amman , the Jordanian capital , Thursday afternoon to consult with King Abdullah II on peace talks and other issues before returning to Washington on Friday .
paul.richter@latimes.com
Special correspondent Maher Abukhater in Ramallah , West Bank , contributed to this report .
To find out , Sunset sent a batch of Starbucks ’ used coffee grounds ―the company gives them away for free ―to a soil lab for analysis .
Turns out the grounds provide generous amounts of phosphorus , potassium , magnesium , and copper .
They also release nitrogen into the soil as they degrade .
And they ’re slightly acidic―a boon in the Western climate .
Dig or till them into the soil to a depth of 6 to 8 inches .
FULL REPORT
The following information was developed for Sunset by Soil and Plant Laboratory Inc. , Bellevue , WA .
Summary : Use of Starbucks coffee grounds in amending mineral soils up to 35 percent by volume coffee grounds will improve soil structure over the short - term and over the long - term .
Use of the coffee grounds at the specified incorporation rates ( rototilled into a 6 - to 8 - inch depth ) will substantially improve availabilities of phosphorus , potassium , magnesium , and copper and will probably negate the need for chemical sources of these plant essential elements .
The nitrogen , phosphorus , potassium “ guaranteed analyses ” would be as follows for the coffee grounds :
Nitrogen : 2.28 percent
Phosphorus : 0.06 percent
Potassium : 0.6 percent
Available nutrient levels :
The pH or reaction of the coffee grounds is considered slightly acidic and in a favorable range at 6.2 on the pH scale .
Salinity ( ECe ) is a measurement of total soluble salts and is considered slightly elevated at 3.7 dS / m .
The primary water - soluble salts in this product are potassium , magnesium , sodium , and chloride .
The potentially problematic ions in sodium and chloride are each sufficiently low as to be inconsequential in terms of creating problems for plants .
The availabilities of nitrogen , calcium , zinc , manganese , and iron are quite low and in some cases deficient .
Thus , the coffee grounds will not supply appreciable amounts of these essential plant elements when used as a mineral soil amendment .
However , the availabilities of phosphorus , potassium , magnesium , and copper are each sufficiently high that there will be a very positive impact on improving availabilities of these elements where the coffee grounds are used as a mineral soil amendment .
The coffee grounds will negate the need for additional sources of phosphorus , potassium , magnesium , and copper when blended with mineral soils .
In summary , the available plant essential elements which will be substantially improved where the coffee grounds are used as a soil amendment , include phosphorus , potassium , magnesium , and copper .
Total nutrient levels : Each cubic yard of these coffee grounds contains a total of 10.31 lbs. nitrogen , of which 0.01 lb. ( 0.09 % ) are available .
Thus , even though available nitrogen is considered deficient in this product , there still remains over 10 lbs. of total nitrogen per cubic yard of coffee grounds .
Thus , nitrogen is primarily bound in the organic fraction and is unavailable to plants until soil microorganisms degrade the organic fraction .
Through this process , the nitrogen is converted to plant available forms .
Over the long term the coffee grounds will act like a slow release fertilizer providing long - term nitrogen input which can then be utilized by plants .
Nearly all potassium and all magnesium are in the available forms .
This means that immediate availability improvements for these two elements will take place when the coffee grounds are blended with mineral soils .
About half of the copper and calcium are in their immediately available forms .
All other plant essential elements are primarily bound in the organic fraction and will thus be subject to slow release over time as soil microbes continue to degrade the organic fraction .
Physical properties : Virtually all particles passed the 1 millimeter ( mm ) screen resulting in a product which is very fine textured .
Each cubic yard of the coffee grounds will supply an excellent amount of organic matter , measured at 442 lbs. organic matter per cubic yard .
At the use rates indicated in this report , the input of organic matter will be substantial and will result in considerable short - term and long - term improvement of mineral soil structure .
Carbon / nitrogen ratio :
On the basis of dry matter bulk density ( 452 lbs. per cubic yard ) , organic matter content ( 97.7 % ) and total nitrogen ( 2.28 % ) , the estimated carbon / nitrogen ratio is about 24:1 .
This means that there is more than sufficient nitrogen present in the coffee grounds to provide for the nitrogen demand of the soil microorganisms as they degrade the organic fraction .
Use rate : Based on the overall chemistry and physical properties of the coffee grounds , they can be utilized at rates similar to other organic amendments when used in amending mineral soils .
These data indicate that 25 - 35 percent by volume coffee grounds can be blended with mineral soils of any type to improve structure of those soils .
Seaweed fibre is being added to bread Seaweed could hold the answer to tackling obesity , according to Newcastle University researchers .
The team found alginate - a fibre found in sea kelp - reduces the body 's fat uptake by more than 75 % .
That is better than most anti-obesity treatments .
Now the fibre is being added to bread in an effort to develop foods that help lose weight .
Clinical trials are now intended to find out how effective it would be in a normal diet .
Dr Iain Brownlee , who co-led the Tyneside team , said : " This research suggests that if we can add the natural fibre to products commonly eaten daily , such as bread , biscuits and yoghurts , up to three quarters of the fat contained in that meal could simply pass through the body .
' Real solution ' " We have already added the alginate to bread and initial taste tests have been extremely encouraging . "
The scientists used an " artificial gut " to test the effectiveness of 60 different natural fibres by measuring the extent to which they affected the digestion of fat .
This looks interesting , but we could only start recommending it if the scientists were able to provide good evidence based on rigorous trials
David Haslam of the National Obesity Forum
The findings have been presented at the American Chemical Society 's spring meeting in San Francisco .
" There are countless claims about miracle cures for weight loss but only a few cases offer any sound scientific evidence to back up these claims , " said Dr Brownlee .
" Obesity is an ever - growing problem and many people find it difficult to stick to diet and exercise plans in order to lose weight .
" These initial findings suggest alginates could offer a very real solution in the battle against obesity , " Alginates are already used in small amounts in food as thickeners and stabilisers .
Dr David Haslam , chair of the National Obesity Forum , said : " Some products are sold as medical devices at vast expense which simply do n't work .
" This looks interesting , but we could only start recommending it if the scientists were able to provide good evidence based on rigorous trials . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , San Francisco
Around 13 big game publishers have signed up to the service A gaming service that aims to kill off the traditional gaming console will begin streaming popular games over the internet in June this year .
OnLive , which launched to much fanfare in 2009 , announced details of its service at the GamesBeat conference .
Instead of games taking hours to download or buying them off the shelf , OnLive promises games on - demand .
" OnLive breaks the console cycle .
We do n't need new hardware devices , " said company founder Steve Perlman .
That sentiment was echoed by his chief operating officer Mike McGarvey .
" We want to take your dollars from hardware and let you spend it on software .
We are a new platform and we 're building a network and infrastructure to last for the next 30 years of gaming , not the next five years , " Mr McGarvey told reporters .
' Disruptive ' OnLive has been in development for eight years and will officially become available on June 17 .
The company said it will deliver on - demand video games via the cloud to the PC , Mac or TV and that it could provide high quality gaming on low - end machines .
OnLive says they are offering a new way to play games OnLive relies on video compression technology , which instantly streams video via the internet so if feels like the game is playing locally .
The reality is that all the heavy lifting is done by remote data centres that can be no more than a thousand miles away .
Players use a PC or TV hooked up to a broadband connection to connect to the system .
" It could be very disruptive to the console vendors , " Billy Pidgeon , an independent game analyst told Bloomberg News .
" This also would n't be good for retailers or anybody selling physical software formats . "
Research group NPD reported that last year , US video - game sales fell 8 % to $ 19.6 bn ( £ 13 bn ) .
Instant gratification OnLive said that it was reacting to a change in gamers ' habits , as they increasingly migrate online .
Popular titles like Mass Effect 2 will be available through the service " There is this huge shift from download and use later to use it right now .
The bytes coming in are not being stored .
They are being consumed the moment they arrive , " said Mr Perlman .
Dean Takahashi of website GamesBeat believes instant success is not guaranteed .
" It is going to be small at first .
At the beginning it becomes one more great channel for the game companies to pursue .
But at some point , yeah there is going to be a transition , " he said .
OnLive will be available for a monthly rental fee of $ 14.95 ( £ 9.99 ) for subscribers to then buy or rent games over the internet .
It will have titles such as Assassin 's Creed , Prince of Persia and Borderlands .
No date was given for when OnLive will be available in the UK , Europe and the rest of the world .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After Valeriy Lobanovskyi's Dynamo Kyiv had beaten Zenit Leningrad 3 - 0 in October 1981 to seal their 10th Soviet title , the report in Sportyvna Hazeta lamented that Viktor Maslov was not alive to see his conception of the game taken to such heights .
It 's a shame both were n't still with us to have seen those ideas taken to another level again by Barcelona against Arsenal last Wednesday .
As many have noted over the past week , Barcelona 's rapid interchange of passes , the relentless attacking and the marauding full - backs perhaps recall one of the great Brazil sides , but the underlying process by which they play comes through the line of Maslov , Rinus Michels and Lobanovskyi .
" Without the ball , " Pep Guardiola said after last season 's Champions League final , " we are a disastrous team , a horrible team , so we need the ball . "
It is a sentence that could equally be used of Arsenal : of course they are much better in possession than out of it .
The difference is that Barcelona are much better at regaining possession than Arsenal .
After 20 minutes last Wednesday , Barcelona had had 72 % of the possession , a barely fathomable figure against anybody , never mind against a side so noted for their passing ability as Arsenal .
Their domination in that area came not so much because they are better technically – although they probably are – but because they are better at pressing .
In that opening spell , Barça snapped into tackles , swirled around Arsenal , pressured them even deep in their own half .
It was a remorseless , bewildering assault ; there was no respite anywhere on the pitch , not even when the ball was rolled by the goalkeeper to a full - back just outside the box .
Arsenal buckled .
Again and again , even players for whom composure in possession is usually a default gave the ball away .
It 's hard to believe Cesc Fábregas , who was admittedly possibly hampered by injury , has ever passed the ball as poorly as he did in the first half .
Andrey Arshavin was so discombobulated he did a mini-Gazza and crocked his knee lunging at Sergio Busquets .
The psychological factor
This is the unspoken strength of Barcelona : they are n't just majestic in possession themselves ; they also make other sides tentative in possession .
Think not just of Arsenal , but of Michael Carrick and Anderson haplessly misplacing passes in Rome last May .
Partly that is because Barça are so quick to close space ; but it is also psychological .
Barça are so good in possession , so unlikely to give the ball back , that every moment when their opponents have the ball becomes unbearably precious ; even simple passes become loaded with pressure because the consequences of misplacing them are so great .
Although less spectacular in possession , Dunga 's Brazil do something similar , aided , as Rob Smyth noted , by having conned the world into believing they still play in a way that they have n't since 1982 .
That 's why so many pundits seem baffled by Brazil 's recent successes in the Confederations Cup and the Copa America .
John
Terry , having watched from the stands as they beat England 1 - 0 in Doha last year , was still talking about them having " individuals who can frighten anyone one - on - on " while insisting " I do n't think Brazil are anything really to worry about " .
Their individuals probably are n't , but individuality is no longer their strength ; their strength is their cohesion , and the discipline of their pressing which , allied to their technique when in possession , means their opponents almost never have the ball , something Wayne Rooney pointed out in a post - match interview in which his bright red face paid eloquent testament to just how much fruitless chasing he had done .
Notably , Brazil 's worst recent performance came in their 1 - 1 draw in World Cup qualifying away to Ecuador , when only a string of saves from Julio Cesar preserved them from heavy defeat ; in Quito , of course , the altitude makes the physical effort required for hard pressing far more difficult .
Shock and awe
Even in the context of their own excellence , though , Barça were exceptional in that opening 20 minutes .
Which raises the question of why then , why not every game , and why not in the final 70 minutes .
Perhaps an element of complacency crept in , perhaps Arsenal slowly shook themselves out of their daze and began to play , perhaps the replacement of Arshavin with Emmanuel Eboué gave them a greater defensive presence on the right ; certainly those seemed to be the commonest explanations .
It is , anyway , a historical truth that when sides strike a period when everything clicks perfectly as it did for Barça in that early period , it rarely lasts more than a few minutes , even in performances held up as the greatest of all time .
West Germany , for instance , only really played brilliantly for the first 35 minutes of their 3 - 1 win over England at Wembley in 1972 .
Even Hungary , in their 6 - 3 demolition of England in 1953 , were done after 65 minutes , and had dipped towards the end of the first half .
Transcendence is , by definition , very difficult to achieve and even harder to maintain .
But it may also be that Barcelona 's early surge was part of a calculated plan , and that is why the comparison with Lobanovskyi seems apt , even though the more direct line of influence is through Michels and Johan Cruyff .
Pressing with the intensity Barcelona achieved on Wednesday is exhausting , and can not be kept up for long periods .
In The Methodological Basis of the Development of Training Models , the book he co-wrote with Anatoliy Zelentsov , Lobanovskyi lays out three different kinds of pressing .
There is full - pressing , when opponents are hounded deep in their own half ; half - pressing , when opponents are closed down only as they cross halfway ; and there is false pressing , when a team pretends to press , but does n't – that is , one player would close down the man in possession , while the others would sit off .
Particularly against technically gifted opponents , Lobanovskyi would have his sides perform the full - press early to rattle them , after which false pressing would often be enough to induce a mistake – and often , of course , his side would be comfortably ahead after the period of full - pressing .
Whether Guardiola has quite such a structured theory is unlikely , but it does seem probable that there was a conscious effort from Barcelona to impose themselves early .
The only problem was that , mainly through excellent goalkeeping , and partly through ill luck and poor finishing , Barça were not ahead after 20 minutes , and Arsenal , this season , as their catalogue of decisive late goals suggests , are rather more resilient than they used to be .
Pressing back
Arsenal 's attempts to respond with pressing of their own were , frankly , dismal .
Allowance should be made for how shaken they were in the early minutes , but the gulf between the sides was still obvious .
For pressing to be effective the team must remain compact , which is why Rafael Benítez is so often to be seen on the touchline pushing his hands towards each other as though he were playing an invisible accordion .
Arrigo Sacchi said the preferred distance from centre - forward to centre - back when out of possession was 25 m , but the liberalisation of the offside trap ( of which more next week ) has made the calculation rather more complicated .
Again and again , Arsenal 's forwards would press , and a huge gap would open up between that line and the line of the midfield .
Or the midfield would press , and a gap would open in front of the back four .
What that means is that the player in possession can simply step round the challenger into space , or play a simple pass to a player moving into the space ; the purpose of the pressing is negated .
Or , if you prefer , it was as though Arsenal were false - pressing , without having achieved the first stage of the hustle which is to persuade the opposition you are good at pressing .
Even worse followed after Arsène Wenger apparently attempted to address the issue at half - time , and encouraged his back four to push up .
The problem , though , is that if the timing and organisation of the step - up are amiss , a side becomes vulnerable to simple balls over the top such as led to the first goal , or through - balls such as led to the second .
This has been a recurring problem for Arsenal over the past couple of years , Gabriel Agbonlahor 's goal for Aston Villa at the Emirates last season being a classic example .
The Walcott protocol
What turned the game towards Arsenal – although even in the final 25 minutes when they scored twice , it would be a stretch to say they took control – was the introduction of Theo Walcott .
When England beat Croatia 4 - 1 in Zagreb 18 months ago , he was a key player not just because he scored a hat - trick , but because his pace hit at Croatia 's attacking system on their left .
At Euro 2008 , they had got used to Ivan Rakitic cutting in on to his right foot , with the full - back Danijel Pranjic overlapping , but Pranjic , aware of the danger of allowing Walcott to get behind him , became inhibited .
He was neutralised as an attacking threat , while Rakitic became predictable , always turning infield without anybody outside him to draw the full - back – which is the downside of the inside - out winger .
By the nature of how they play , Barcelona , similarly , are vulnerable in the full - back areas .
Dani Alves , in particular , is a sham of a defender – which is why Dunga prefers Maicon – but so long as Barcelona control possession it does n't matter because his job is to be an extra man in midfield and to overlap for Messi ( it may have been fear he would not be able to get forward as usual that led Guardiola to use Messi not on the right but as a false nine ) .
That is one of the reasons Barça 's pressing is so awesome ; with the full - backs pushed on , their system often appears as , effectively , a 2 - 5 - 3 .
To press with so many so high is a gamble , but one that has tended to be effective .
Florent Malouda 's performance against Alves in the second leg of the semi-final last year is an indication of what happens when the gamble fails and Barça do not control possession .
The arrival of Walcott disrupted Barça 's pressing because Maxwell , like Pranjic , suddenly began looking over his shoulder ( in a similar way , Charlie Davies 's diagonal runs behind the full - back were a key to USA 's victory over Spain at the Confederations Cup because they prevented Sergio Ramos pushing forward and so made Spain very narrow in midfield ) .
Samir Nasri had earlier had some success against Alves – almost all Arsenal 's attacks in the first hour came through him , or through space he had created – and once Arsenal had weathered Barça 's initial surge and begun to have some possession , it may be that Arshavin could have done something similar against Maxwell .
Real pace , though , adds another dimension , because it means the full - back knows that as soon as the wide - man has got behind him , he has no chance of catching up .
Perhaps that is an argument for Walcott starting , but then again , without Eboué last week , maybe they would n't have got any grip on possession .
And that , really , is the dilemma for Arsenal : attack Barcelona where they are vulnerable , by playing two out and out attacking wide - men , and the danger is you never have enough possession to make the most of that potential advantage .
Concentrate on winning possession by playing more cautiously , and you may have no damaging way in which to use it .
The bigger problem , though , is the issue of pressing .
Even if all else is equal , the fact remains that Barça are far , far more adept at winning the ball back than Arsenal , and that makes it all but certain they will dominate possession , and thus the game .
Maslov and Lobanovskyi would have approved .
AUSTIN , Texas - A
Texas lawmaker says she plans to push for a law similar to Arizona 's get - tough immigration measure .
San Antonio Express - News and Houston Chronicle report Wednesday that Republican Rep. Debbie Riddle of Tomball says she will introduce the measure in the January legislative session .
The new Arizona law would require local and state law enforcement to question people about their immigration status - and make it a crime for immigrants to lack registration documents .
Riddle says if the federal government did its job " Arizona would n't have to take this action , and neither would Texas . "
Democrats say such legislation is misguided and predict it will hurt the GOP politically .
OCZ Technology Launches Next Generation Z- Drive PCI - Express Solid State Drive ( SSD )
Delivers Superior Performance , Reliability and Greater Flexibility for Enterprise Application Storage
SAN JOSE , CA — April 6 , 2010 — OCZ Technology Group , Inc. ( OTCBB : OCZT ) , a worldwide leader in innovative , ultra - high performance and high reliability memory and flash - based storage as an alternative to hard disk drives ( HDDs ) , announces the Company ’s plan to enter mass production of the Z - Drive R2 Solid State Drive ( SSD ) Series , the second rendition of the original Z - Drive family .
The Z - Drive R2 builds on the existing solution but provides greater performance and design flexibility due to the implementation of a series of optimized NAND modules .
“ Our 4th generation PCIe SSD , the Z - Drive R2 , tackles the performance challenges facing enterprise IT professionals head - on ” said Ryan Petersen , CEO of the OCZ Technology Group .
“ The Z - Drive R2 is a total solution that delivers exceptional performance over a wide of range of applications due to its superior sequential performance , making it a winner in both high IOP and high - throughput environments .
In addition , it is the only bootable and field serviceable PCIe SSD option on the market today , and due to an innovative interchangeable module design , it enables low cost field upgradability and capacity increases giving storage architects unprecedented flexibility . ”
The innovative Z - Drive R2 SSD maximizes bandwidth by taking the SATA bottleneck out of the equation and utilizes the speed advantages of the PCI - Express interface .
Unlike competing solutions , the Z - Drive family is bootable and with 8 PCI - E lanes and an eight - way [ 1 ] RAID 0 configuration , the R2 delivers performance ideal for enterprise applications that are limited by HDD technology .
What also makes the R2 especially exceptional is the use of interchangeable modules in the place of permanent , surface - mounted NAND ; this unique feature - set is designed to make the Z - Drive field - serviceable and field - upgradeable .
Addressing the emerging performance demands of storage area networks ( SANs ) , workstations , and servers , the Z - Drive R2 creates new possibilities in enterprise data management .
The R2 delivers extremely fast transfer rates up to 1.4 GB/s , while offering enhanced reliability and durability compared to mechanical hard drives .
Promoting greater productivity for a broad range of applications spanning across virtualization , caching , and high - end storage , the Z - Drive R2 can also provide cost savings when considering the total cost of ownership ( TCO ) versus complex and hard to maintain HDD infrastructures .
With capacities ranging from 256GB to 2TB , the R2 makes SSDs a viable alternative to large , power - consuming hard drive arrays .
Furthermore , OCZ offers customization options for OEM clients that may require tailored hardware or firmware solutions for their business .
OCZ Technology 's Z - Drive was obviously a pretty big hit for the company , and understandably so .
It was one of the first major PCI - Express Solid State Drive options on the market , and it broke all sorts of speed records as well .
Today , the California - based company announced that they would begin mass production of the Z - Drive R2 Solid State Drive ( SSD ) Series , the second rendition of the original Z - Drive family .
The new R2 builds on the existing solution but provides greater performance and design flexibility due to the implementation of a series of optimized NAND modules .
Ryan Petersen , CEO of the OCZ Technology Group , explained the announcement : " Our 4th generation PCIe SSD , the Z - Drive R2 , tackles the performance challenges facing enterprise IT professionals head - on .
The Z - Drive R2 is a total solution that delivers exceptional performance over a wide of range of applications due to its superior sequential performance , making it a winner in both high IOP and high - throughput environments .
In addition , it is the only bootable and field serviceable PCIe SSD option on the market today , and due to an innovative interchangeable module design , it enables low cost field upgradability and capacity increases giving storage architects unprecedented flexibility .
" According to a company press release , the new R2 SSD " maximizes bandwidth by taking the SATA bottleneck out of the equation and utilizes the speed advantages of the PCI - Express interface , " and unlike other solutions , this one is fully bootable and has eight PCI - E lanes along with support for an eight - way RAID 0 configuration .
Due to the interchangeable modules used in the place of permanent , surface - mounted NAND , the whole drive is field - serviceable and field - upgradeable .
Speeds can hit up to 1.4GB/s , and capacities will be available from 256GB to 2TB , but official pricing remains an unknown .
After combining the scores of a qualification round and then an all - around final , Sun Wei and Liu Tingting captured the men and women ’s all - around titles at the 2020 Chinese nationals , which were held September 23 - 28 in Zhaoqing , China .
Horse milk could soon be coming to a doorstep near you after demand for the nutritionally rich product has surged across mainland Europe .
Although almost unknown in parts of the world , the milk used to be so popular in Germany that during the First World War it was delivered door to door .
It is now back in favour with health - conscious consumers because it is rich in vitamins and minerals , is easily digested and has just 1.5 per cent fat , compared with 3.7 per cent for cow 's milk .
It is also priced as a delicacy , with a litre costing as much as $ A16.60 .
War is not an option in resolving Argentina 's dispute with Britain over the potentially oil - rich Falkland Islands , a senior Argentinian minister said yesterday .
" War is excluded from our horizon , " the Deputy Foreign Minister , Victorio Taccetti , said .
But he insisted Buenos Aires would not give up its claims to the islands it calls Las Malvinas .
He denied that Argentina was escalating a row triggered by a British oil drilling project in the Falklands .
The dispute followed the arrival of the Ocean Guardian off the Falkland Islands .
Drilling could begin as early as today or tomorrow .
Britain insists the exploration conforms to international law , but Buenos Aires argues that London is violating UN resolutions requiring a negotiated solution .
The dispute pushed tensions between the two countries to their highest level since the 1982 conflict which followed Argentina 's invasion of the islands .
" We are trying to convince the British that it is in their interest to negotiate with Argentina .
This is not an escalation ; this is just something that we have to do in order to protect our rights , because we consider that this exploration and eventual exploitation of our natural resources is illegal , " Mr Taccetti said yesterday .
Speaking during a radio interview , Mr Taccetti said Argentina could do little beyond the new measure imposed by President Cristina Fernandez last week , which requires permits for any ships going through Argentine waters to the Falklands .
The move was condemned by Falkland Islanders who said it intended to disrupt the drilling .
Buenos Aires is also hoping its neighbouring countries will co-operate to impose South America - wide restrictions .
Mr Taccetti said Argentina would use " all legal means to restrict access to the islands from the continent " , but added : " I do n't think we can go much further . "
Despite Mr Taccetti's public comments , Buenos Aires continued to step up the pressure over the drilling dispute yesterday , flatly denying Gordon Brown 's claims that the British government was " talking to the Argentines " in an effort to resolve tensions .
Argentinian sources countered by claiming that there was " diplomatic silence " over the dispute – and reiterated their long - held position that meaningful negotiations could take place only when the UK agrees to discuss the sovereignty of the islands .
Argentina 's Foreign Minister , Jorge Taiana , will meet and ask his counterparts at the Rio Group summit in Cancun , Mexico , next week to condemn what he called Britain 's " unilateral and illegal " exploration in the islands .
The left - wing Venezuelan president , Hugo Chavez , pledged his support for Argentina , saying Britain was " violating international law " .
" Get out of there ; give the Malvinas back to the Argentine people .
Enough already with the empire , " he said .
Mr Taiana will meet the UN Secretary - General , Ban Ki-moon , in New York on Wednesday .
According to a report in La Nacion newspaper , a source close to Mr Taiana said : " Argentina will speak diplomatically and peacefully .
But Britain should talk about sovereignty . "
Experts believe there could be rich energy reserves in the ocean bed surrounding the British Overseas Territory of the Falklands .
The islands ' legislative assembly yesterday cleared the Ocean Guardian rig to begin exploration work .
It has spent the past month journeying from Scotland to the South Atlantic .
It will be anchored about 60 miles off the islands over the weekend before drilling begins today , weather permitting .
The company Desire Petroleum says it expects first results in 30 days .
It has said it plans up to eight wells in a campaign lasting six to eight months .
Royal Dutch Shell
Plc struck oil in 1998 , but decided against exploiting it as the then oil price of $ 10 a barrel made it unviable .
With oil now at more than $ 75 a barrel , the economics of the Falklands ' oilfields have become more attractive .
Last year , Argentina submitted a claim to the UN for a vast expanse of ocean , based on research into the extent of the continental shelf , stretching to the Antarctic and including the Falklands , South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands – all UK territories .
The drilling dispute has undone diplomatic work to repair relations .
While sovereignty remains contentious , other tensions had been eased .
Fishing agreements in the waters around the Falklands , which are rich in squid , have been established ; and Britain has relaxed its insistence that no Argentina warship come within 75 miles of the islands to a mere 15 .
John Hughes , a former British ambassador to Argentina , said yesterday : " It is unfortunate that oil exploration could not have been developed in a context where mutual collaboration already existed and was strengthened thereby , not further weakened .
For collaboration and mutual confidence - building would surely be in both sides ' interests in the South Atlantic . "
The Falklands Legislative Assembly said that Argentina 's attempt to disrupt oil exploration was " no surprise " but " nonetheless disappointing " .
The statement added that " all the supplies the industry needs are located here in the islands " and drilling would begin as planned next week .
Mr Brown has said the Government has " made all the preparations that are necessary to make sure the Falkland islanders are properly protected " .
There 's information about my Facebook data set scattered around multiple news articles , as well as posts in this blog , but here 's the full story of how it all came down .
I 'm a software engineer , my last job was at Apple but for the last two years I 've been working on my own startup called Mailana .
The name comes from ' Mail Analysis ' , and my goal has been to use the data sitting around in all our inboxes to help us in our day - to - day lives .
I spent the first year trying ( and failing ) to get a toe - hold in the enterprise market .
Last year I moved to Boulder to go through the Techstars startup program , where I met Antony Brydon , the former CEO of Visible Path .
He described the immense difficulties they 'd faced with the enterprise market , which persuaded me to re-focus on the consumer side .
I 'd already applied the same technology to Twitter to produce graphs showing who people talked to , and how their friends were clustered into groups .
I set out to build that into a fully - fledged service , analyzing people 's Twitter , Facebook and webmail communications to understand and help maintain their social networks .
It offered features like identifying your inner circle so you could read a stream of just their updates , reminding you when you were falling out of touch with people you 'd previously talked to a lot , and giving you information about people you 'd just met .
It was the last feature that led me to crawl Facebook .
When I meet someone for the first time , I 'll often Google their name to find their Twitter and Linked In accounts , and maybe Facebook too if it's a social contact rather than business .
I wanted to automate that Googling process , so for every new person I started communicating with , I could easily follow or friend them on Linked In , Twitter and Facebook .
My first thought was to use one of the search engine APIs , but I quickly discovered that they only offer very limited results compared to their web interfaces .
I scratched my head a bit and thought " well , how hard can it be to build my own search engine ? " .
As it turned out , it was very easy .
Checking Facebook 's robot.txt , they welcome the web crawlers that search engines use to gather their data , so I wrote my own in PHP ( very similar to this Google Profile crawler I open - sourced ) and left it running for about 6 months .
Initially all I wanted to gather was people 's names and locations so I could search on those to find public profiles .
Talking to a few other startups they also needed the same sort of service so I started looking into either exposing a search API or sharing that sort of ' phone book for the internet ' information with them .
I noticed Facebook were offering some other interesting information too , like which pages people were fans of and links to a few of their friends .
I was curious what sort of patterns would emerge if I analyzed these relationships , so as a side project I set up fanpageanalytics.com to allow people to explore the data .
I was getting more people asking about the data I was using , so before that went live I emailed Dave Morin at Facebook to give him a heads - up and check it was all kosher .
We 'd chatted a little previously , but I did n't get a reply , and he left the company a month later so my email probably got lost in the chaos .
I had commercial hopes for fanpageanalytics , I felt like there was demand for a compete.com for Facebook pages , but I was also just fascinated by how much the data could tell us about ourselves .
Out of pure curiosity I created an interactive map showing how different countries , US states and cities were connected to each other and released it .
Crickets chirped , tumbleweed blew past and nobody even replied to or retweeted my announcement .
Only 5 or 6 people a day were visiting the site .
That weekend I was avoiding my real work but stuck for ideas on a blog post , and I 'd been meaning to check out how good the online Photoshop competitors were .
I 'd also been chatting to Eric Kirby , a local marketing wizard , who had been explaining how effective catchy labels were for communicating complex polling data , eg ' soccer moms ' .
With that in mind , I took a screenshot of my city analysis , grabbed SumoPaint and started sketching in the patterns I 'd noticed .
After drawing those in , I spent a few more minutes coming up with silly names for the different areas and wrote up some commentary on them .
I was a bit embarassed by the shallowness of my analysis , and I was keen to see what professional researchers could do with the same information , so I added a postscript offering them an anonymized version of my source data .
Once the post was done , I submitted it to news.ycombinator.com as I often do , then went back to coding and forgot about it .
On Sunday around 25,000 people read the article , via YCombinator and Reddit .
After that a whole bunch of mainstream news sites picked it up , and over 150,000 people visited it on Monday .
On Tuesday I was hanging out with my friends at Gnip trying to make sense of it all when my cell phone rang .
It was Facebook 's attorney .
He was with the head of their security team , who I knew slightly because I 'd reported several security holes to Facebook over the years .
The attorney said that they were just about to sue me into oblivion , but in light of my previous good relationship with their security team , they 'd give me one chance to stop the process .
They asked and received a verbal assurance from me that I would n't publish the data , and sent me on a letter to sign confirming that .
Their contention was robots .
txt had no legal force and they could sue anyone for accessing their site even if they scrupulously obeyed the instructions it contained .
The only legal way to access any web site with a crawler was to obtain prior written permission .
Obviously this is n't the way the web has worked for the last 16 years since robots .
txt was introduced , but my lawyer advised me that it had never been tested in court , and the legal costs alone of being a test case would bankrupt me .
With that in mind , I spent the next few weeks negotiating a final agreement with their attorney .
They were quite accommodating on the details , such as allowing my blog post to remain up , and initially I was hopeful that they were interested in a supervised release of the data set with privacy safeguards .
Unfortunately it became clear towards the end that they wanted the whole set destroyed .
That meant I had to persuade the other startups I 'd shared samples with to remove their copies , but finally in mid-March I was able to sign the final agreement .
I 'm just glad that the whole process is over .
I 'm bummed that Facebook are taking a legal position that would cripple the web if it was adopted ( how many people would Google need to hire to write letters to every single website they crawled ? ) , and a bit frustrated that people do n't understand that the data I was planning to release is already in the hands of lots of commercial marketing firms , but mostly I 'm just looking forward to leaving the massive distraction of a legal threat behind and getting on with building my startup .
I really appreciate everyone 's support , stay tuned for my next project !
‘ This Planet Tastes Funny , ’ According to Spitzer Telescope
NASA ’s Spitzer Space Telescope has discovered something odd about a distant planet — it lacks methane , an ingredient common to many of the planets in our solar system .
“ It ’s a big puzzle , ” said Kevin Stevenson , a planetary sciences graduate student at the University of Central Florida in Orlando , lead author of a study in the journal Nature .
“ Models tell us that the carbon in this planet should be in the form of methane .
Theorists are going to be quite busy trying to figure this one out . ”
The discovery brings astronomers one step closer to probing the atmospheres of distant planets the size of Earth .
The methane - free planet , called GJ 436b , is about the size of Neptune , making it the smallest distant planet that any telescope has successfully “ tasted , ” or analyzed .
Eventually , a larger space telescope could use the same kind of technique to search smaller , Earth - like worlds for methane and other chemical signs of life , such as water , oxygen and carbon dioxide .
“ Ultimately , we want to find biosignatures on a small , rocky world .
Oxygen , especially with even a little methane , would tell us that we humans might not be alone , ” said Stevenson .
“ In this case , we expected to find methane not because of the presence of life , but because of the planet ’s chemistry .
This type of planet should have cooked up methane .
It ’s like dipping bread into beaten eggs , frying it , and getting oatmeal in the end , ” said Joseph Harrington of the University of Central Florida , the principal investigator of the research .
Methane is present on our life - bearing planet , manufactured primarily by microbes living in cows and soaking in waterlogged rice fields .
All of the giant planets in our solar system have methane too , despite their lack of cows .
Neptune is blue because of this chemical , which absorbs red light .
Methane is a common ingredient of relatively cool bodies , including “ failed ” stars , which are called brown dwarfs .
In fact , any world with the common atmospheric mix of hydrogen , carbon and oxygen , and a temperature up to 1,000 Kelvin ( 1,340 degrees Fahrenheit ) is expected to have a large amount of methane and a small amount of carbon monoxide .
The carbon should “ prefer ” to be in the form of methane at these temperatures .
At 800 Kelvin ( or 980 degrees Fahrenheit ) , GJ 436b is supposed to have abundant methane and little carbon monoxide .
Spitzer observations have shown the opposite .
The space telescope has captured the planet ’s light in six infrared wavelengths , showing evidence for carbon monoxide but not methane .
“ We ’re scratching our heads , ” said Harrington .
“ But what this does tell us is that there is room for improvement in our models .
Now we have actual data on faraway planets that will teach us what ’s really going on in their atmospheres . ”
GJ 436b is located 33 light - years away in the constellation Leo , the Lion .
It rides in a tight , 2.64 - day orbit around its small star , an “ M - dwarf ” much cooler than our Sun .
The planet transits , or crosses in front of , its star as viewed from Earth .
Spitzer was able to detect the faint glow of GJ 436 b by watching it slip behind its star , an event called a secondary eclipse .
As the planet disappears , the total light observed from the star system drops — this drop is then measured to find the brightness of the planet at various wavelengths .
The technique , first pioneered by Spitzer in 2005 , has since been used to measure atmospheric components of several Jupiter - sized exoplanets , the so - called “ hot Jupiters , ” and now the Neptune - sized GJ 436b .
“ The Spitzer technique is being pushed to smaller , cooler planets more like our Earth than the previously studied hot Jupiters , ” said Charles Beichman , director of NASA ’s Exoplanet Science Institute at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the California Institute of Technology , both in Pasadena , Calif .
“ In coming years , we can expect that a space telescope could characterize the atmosphere of a rocky planet a few times the size of the Earth .
Such a planet might show signposts of life . ”
A defendant with the last name Twist will have to write a report on Charles Dickens ' classic novel " Oliver Twist " as a part of his sentence .
Northampton County President Judge F. P. Kimberly McFadden compared Robert Twist 's thefts to the character Fagin .
Twist , 33 , of Upper Nazareth Township , served as a subcontractor for a flooring company , took nine client payments but did n't give the company its share of the payments , prosecutors said .
McFadden ordered Twist to write a character description of Fagin , due by March 15 .
Twist , who smiled after he was assigned the report , said he ’s read the book five times and even had an uncle with the main character ’s name .
McFadden also warned Twist not to use the Internet for his work .
In addition to some reading and writing , Twist was sentenced to four to 23 months in Northampton County Prison , with credit for the four months he ’s already served .
McFadden ordered
Twist to pay a $ 300 fine and about $ 3,700 in restitution .
In junior high I took one of those future career tests .
I was really hoping the result would be cartoonist , but instead it was screenwriter or artist .
I later found out that cartoonist was n’t in the database , so that must have been the closest it could find since cartooning is a little of both .
Anyone else take one of those tests ?
Learn how to recycle almost everything , from batteries to yogurt cups , with this A to Z guide .
You Probably Did n’t Know You Could Recycle These Things — But Here ’s How to Do It
Recycling may not be a cure - all to pollution and landfill issues — following a zero waste lifestyle to limit use of landfill - clogging items may be the more environmentally friendly route — but for recyclable items already out there , recycling is the best way to do whatever possible to keep those items from damaging natural resources .
Maintaining a recycling system , learning how to recycle difficult items , and becoming familiar with recycling symbols can do a lot to help the planet , as can figuring out how to recycle everything possible ( even those things you did n’t know you could recycle ) .
This A to Z guide explains how to recycle batteries , light bulbs , and more items .
Some basics , like paper , can typically just go in the recycling bin , while others may require a little extra recycling effort .
If it can be recycled ( or otherwise gotten rid of using a zero waste disposal method ) , you can learn how to do it here .
A
Aerosol cans :
These can usually be recycled with other cans , as long as you pull off the plastic cap and empty the canister completely .
Antiperspirant and deodorant sticks :
Many brands have a dial on the bottom that is made of a plastic polymer that ’s different from the plastic used for the container , so your center might not be able to recycle the whole thing ( look on the bottom to find out ) .
Tom ’s of Maine makes a deodorant stick composed solely of plastic No. 5 .
B
Backpacks : The American Birding Association ’s Birders ’
Exchange accepts donated backpacks , which its scientists use while tracking neotropical birds .
Batteries : Recycling batteries keeps hazardous metals out of landfills .
Many stores , like RadioShack and Office Depot , accept reusable ones .
Car batteries contain lead and ca n’t go in landfills , because toxic metals can leach into groundwater , but almost any retailer selling them will also collect and recycle them .
Beach balls :
They may be made of plastic , but there are n’t enough beach balls being thrown away to make them a profitable item to recycle .
If a beach ball is still usable , donate it to a thrift store or a children ’s hospital .
Books : “ Hard covers are too rigid to recycle , so we ask people to remove them and recycle just the pages , ” says Sarah Kite , recycling manager of the Rhode Island Resource Recovery Corporation , in Johnston .
In many areas , paperbacks can be tossed in with other paper .
C
Carpeting ( nylon fiber ) :
Go to the Carpet America Recovery Effort to find a carpet - reclamation facility near you , or check with your carpet ’s manufacturer .
Some carpet makers , like Milliken , Shaw , and Flor , have recycling programs .
Cars , Jet Skis , boats , trailers , RVs , and motorcycles :
Even if these are unusable ―totaled , rusted ―they still have metal and other components that can be recycled .
Call junkyards in your area , or go to Junk my Car , which will pick up and remove cars , trailers , motorcycles , and other heavy equipment for free .
Cell phones : According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , fewer than 20 percent of cell phones are recycled each year , and most people do n’t know where to recycle them .
Many cell phone companies and office supply stores offer phone recycling services ; research one near you to find out if they can accept your phone .
Compact fluorescent lightbulbs : CFLs contain mercury and should n’t be thrown in the trash .
IKEA and the Home Depot operate CFL recycling programs ; you can also check with your local hardware store or recycling center to see if it offers recycling services .
Computers :
You can return used computers to their manufacturers for recycling ( check the EPA ’s site for a list of vendors ) or donate them to a charitable organization ( like the National Cristina Foundation ) .
NextStep Recycling repairs your broken computers and gives them to underfunded schools , needy families , and nonprofits .
Crayons : Send them to The National Crayon Recycling Program , which melts down crayons and reforms them into new ones .
Leave the wrappers on : “ When you have black , blue , and purple crayons together without wrappers , it ’s hard to tell them apart , ” says the program ’s founder , LuAnn Foty , a.k.a. the Crazy Crayon Lady .
Crocs :
The manufacturer partners with Soles2 Souls to donate lightly used crocs to underprivileged families .
D
DVDs , CDs , and jewel cases : Check the CD Recycling Center of America for local centers or stores that can recycle these items .
E
Empty metal cans ( cleaning products ) :
Cut off the metal ends of cans containing powdered cleansers , such as Ajax and Bon Ami , and put them in with other household metals .
( Use care when cutting them . )
Recycle the tubes as you would any other cardboard .
Empty metal cans ( food products ) :
Many towns recycle food cans .
Rinse out cans , but do n’t worry about removing the labels .
“ Leaving them on does n’t do any harm , ” says Marti Matsch , the communications director of Eco - Cycle , one of the nation ’s oldest and largest recyclers , in Boulder , Colorado .
“ When the metal is melted , ” she says , “ the paper burns up .
If you want to recycle the label with other paper , that ’s great , but it ’s not necessary . ”
Eyeglasses : Plastic frames can’t be recycled , but metal ones can .
Just drop them into the scrap - metal bin .
However , given the millions of people who need glasses but ca n’t afford them , your frames , broken or not , will go to better use if you donate them to New Eyes ( sunglasses and plastic frames in good condition can also be donated ) .
F
Fake plastic credit cards :
They ’re not recyclable , so you ca n’t just toss them along with their paper junk - mail solicitations .
Remove them first and throw them in the trash .
Fire extinguishers :
There are two types of extinguishers .
For a dry - chemical extinguisher , safely relieve the remaining pressure , remove the head from the container , and place it with your bulk - metal items ( check with your local recycler first ) .
Alternatively , call fire - equipment companies and request that they dispose of your extinguisher .
Carbon dioxide extinguishers are refillable after each use .
Food processors .
Some communities accept small household appliances for recycling ―if not in curbside collection , then in drop - off locations .
( New York City will even pick up appliances left on the sidewalk . )
“ If an appliance is more than 50 percent metal , it is recyclable , ” says Kathy Dawkins , director of public information for New York City ’s Department of Sanitation .
Most appliances are about 75 percent steel , according to the Steel Recycling Institute .
So unless you know something is mostly plastic , it will probably qualify .
Formal wear :
Finally , a use for that mauve prom or bridesmaid dress :
Give it to a girl who ca n’t afford one through Cinderella ’s Closet .
G
Glue strips and inserts in magazines : Lotion samples and nonpaper promotional items affixed to glue strips in magazines should be removed because they can jam up recycling equipment ( scented perfume strips , on the other hand , are fine ) .
“ One of the biggest challenges we get is pages of promotional stickers and stamps , ” says Matsch , “ which can adhere to the machinery and tear yards of new paper fiber . ”
H
Hangers ( plastic ) :
These are not widely accepted at recycling centers , because there are n’t enough of them coming through to make it worthwhile .
However , some cities , such as Los Angeles , are equipped to recycle them .
You might consider donating them to a thrift store .
Hangers ( wire ) : Some dry cleaners and Laundromats will reuse them .
Otherwise , they can be recycled with other household metals , but be sure to remove any attached paper or cardboard first .
Holiday cards :
After they ’ve lined your mantel for two months , you could throw them into the recycling bin , or you could give them a whole new life .
St. Jude ’s Ranch for Children , a nonprofit home for abused and neglected youths , runs a holiday - card recycling program .
Note that they cannot accept cards from Hallmark , American Greetings , or Disney .
I
i Pods , iPhones , and other Apple devices : Eligible devices can be traded in for in - store credit to put toward a new Apple device or an Apple gift card to be used at any time .
If the device is n't eligible for credit , Apple will recycle it for free .
J
Jam jars :
Wherever there is container - glass recycling ( meaning glass jars and bottles ) , jam jars are eligible .
It helps if you remove any remaining jam , but no need to get obsessive ―they do n’t have to be squeaky clean .
Before putting them in the bin , remove their metal lids and recycle those with other metals .
K
Keys and nail clippers :
For many recycling centers , any metal that is n’t a can is considered scrap metal and can be recycled .
“ There ’s not a whole lot of scrap metal we would n’t take , ” says Kite .
“ It ’s a huge market now . ”
L
Leather accessories :
If your leather goods are more than gently worn , take them to be fixed .
If they ’re beyond repair , they have to be thrown in the trash ―there ’s no recycling option .
( A product labeled “ recycled leather ” is often made from scraps left over from the manufacturing process , which is technically considered recycling . )
Donate shoes in decent condition to Soles4Souls , a nonprofit that collects used footwear and distributes it to needy communities .
M
Makeup : Makeup can expire and is none too pretty for the earth when you throw it in the trash ( chemicals abound in most makeup ) .
Some manufacturers are making progress on this front ; check with the company behind your go - to products to see what recycling or trade - in options they offer .
Mattresses and box springs : Mattresses are made of recyclable materials , such as wire , paper , and cloth , but not all cities accept them for recycling .
( Go to Earth911 to find out if yours does . )
Metal flatware :
If it ’s time to retire your old forks , knives , and spoons , you can usually recycle them with other scrap metal .
Milk cartons with plastic spouts and caps :
Take off and throw away the cap ( do n’t worry about the spout ―it will be filtered out during the recycling process ) .
As for the carton , check your local recycling rules to see whether you should toss it with plastics and metals or with paper .
Mirrors :
These are n’t recyclable through most municipal recyclers , because the chemicals on the glass ca n’t be mixed with glass bottles and jars .
You can donate them to secondhand stores , of course .
Or if the mirror is broken , put it in a paper bag for the safety of your trash collectors .
To find out what your municipality recycles , visit Recycling Centers .
N
Nikes and other sneakers : Nike ’s Reuse - a- Shoe program accepts old sneakers and athletic shoes ( of any brand ) and recycles them .
You can drop them off at most Nike stores ( just call first to confirm ) .
If your sneakers are still in reasonable shape , donate them to needy athletes in the United States and around the world through One World Running .
Mail them to : One World Running , c/o Boulder Storage , 6439 Arapahoe Rd. Boulder , CO 80303
Notebooks ( spiral ) :
It may seem weird to toss a metal - bound notebook into the paper recycling , but worry not ―the machinery will pull out smaller nonpaper items .
One caveat :
If the cover is plastic , rip that off , says Matsch .
“ It ’s a larger contaminant . ”
O
Office envelopes
Envelopes with plastic windows : Recycle them with regular office paper .
The filters will sieve out the plastic , and they ’ll even take out the glue strip on the envelope flaps .
Recycle them with regular office paper .
The filters will sieve out the plastic , and they ’ll even take out the glue strip on the envelope flaps .
FedEx : Paper FedEx envelopes can be recycled , and there ’s no need to pull off the plastic sleeve .
Paper FedEx envelopes can be recycled , and there ’s no need to pull off the plastic sleeve .
Goldenrod :
Those ubiquitous mustard - colored envelopes are not recyclable , because goldenrod paper ( as well as dark or fluorescent paper ) is saturated with hard - to - remove dyes .
“ It ’s what we call ‘ designing for the dump , ’ not the environment , ” says Matsch .
Those ubiquitous mustard - colored envelopes are not recyclable , because goldenrod paper ( as well as dark or fluorescent paper ) is saturated with hard - to - remove dyes .
“ It ’s what we call ‘ designing for the dump , ’ not the environment , ” says Matsch .
Jiffy Paks : Many Jiffy envelopes―even the paper - padded ones filled with that material resembling dryer lint―are recyclable with other mixed papers , like cereal boxes .
The exception : Goldenrod - colored envelopes must be tossed .
Many Jiffy envelopes―even the paper - padded ones filled with that material resembling dryer lint―are recyclable with other mixed papers , like cereal boxes .
The exception : Goldenrod - colored envelopes must be tossed .
Padded envelopes with Bubble Wrap :
These ca n’t be recycled .
The best thing you can do is reuse them .
P
Packing materials : Styrofoam peanuts cannot be recycled in most areas , but many packaging stores ( like UPS ) accept them .
Some towns recycle Styrofoam packing blocks ; if yours does n’t , visit epspackaging .org to find a drop - off location .
Paint : Some cities have paint - recycling programs , in which your old paint is taken to a company that turns it into new paint .
Go to Earth911 to see if a program exists in your area .
Pendaflex folders :
Place these filing - cabinet workhorses in the paper bin , but first cut off the metal rods and recycle them as scrap metal .
Pizza boxes :
If cheese and grease are stuck to the box , rip out the affected areas and recycle the rest as corrugated cardboard .
Food residue can ruin a whole batch of paper if it is left to sit in the recycling facility and begins to decompose .
Plastic bottle caps :
Some recycling centers accept them with other plastics .
Contact yours to find out if caps can stay on the bottle , if they need to be recycled separately , or if they can be tossed .
Plastic wrap ( used ) : Most communities do n’t accept this for recycling because the cost of decontaminating it is n’t worth the effort .
Post -its :
The sticky stuff gets filtered out , so these office standbys can usually be recycled with paper .
Printer - ink cartridges : Seventy percent are thrown into landfills , where it will take 450 years for them to decompose .
“ Cartridges are like gas tanks , ” says Jim Cannan , cartridge - collection manager at Recycleplace.com .
“ They do n’t break .
They just run out of ink .
Making new ones is like changing motors every time you run out of gas . ”
Take them to your local office supply store , which likely accepts empty or used ones for recycling or reuse .
Q
Quiche pans and other cookware :
These can be put with scrap metal , and “ a plastic handle is n’t a problem , ” says Tom Outerbridge , manager of municipal recycling at Sims Metal Management , in New York City .
R
Recreational equipment : Do n’t send tennis rackets to your local recycling center .
“ People may think we ’re going to give them to Goodwill , ” says Sadonna Cody , director of government affairs for the Northbay Corporation and Redwood Empire Disposal , in Santa Rosa , California , “ but they ’ll just be trashed . ”
Trade sports gear in at Play It Again Sports .
Rugs ( cotton or wool ) :
If your town ’s recycling center accepts rugs , great .
If not , you ’re out of luck , because you ca n’t ship rugs directly to a fabric recycler ; they need to be sent in bulk .
Your best bet is to donate them to the thrift store of a charity , like the Salvation Army .
S
Shopping bags ( paper ) : Even those with metal grommets and ribbon handles can usually be recycled with other paper .
Shopping bags ( plastic ) :
If your town does n’t recycle plastic , you may be able to drop them off at your local grocery store .
Safeway , for example , accepts grocery and dry-cleaning bags .
Shower curtains and liners :
Most facilities do not recycle these because they ’re made of PVC .
( If PVC gets in with other plastics , it can compromise the chemical makeup of the recycled material . )
Smoke detectors :
Some towns accept those that have beeped their last beep .
If yours does n’t , try the manufacturer .
Soap dispensers ( pump ) : Most plastic ones are recyclable ; toss them in with the other plastics .
Stereos , VCRs , TVs , and other electronics : Visit Earth911 for a list of recyclers , retail stores , and manufacturers near you that accept electronics .
T
Takeout - food containers :
Most are not recyclable .
Paper ones ( like Chinese - food containers ) are n’t accepted because remnants can contaminate the paper bale at the mill .
Plastic versions ( like those at the salad bar ) are a no - go too .
Tinfoil :
It ’s aluminum , not tin .
So rinse it off , wad it up , and toss it in with the beer and soda cans .
Tires :
You can often leave old tires with the dealer when you buy new ones ( just check that they ’ll be recycled ) .
Worn - out tires can be reused as highway paving , doormats , hoses , shoe soles , and more .
Tissue boxes with plastic dispensers :
The plastic portion will be filtered out during the recycling process , so you can usually recycle tissue boxes with cardboard .
Toothbrushes :
They ’re not recyclable ; toss them , and consider electric alternatives with replaceable heads , so the brush will last longer .
Toothpaste tubes :
Even with all that sticky paste inside , you can recycle aluminum tubes ( put them with the aluminum cans ) , but not plastic ones .
U
Umbrellas :
If it ’s a broken metal one , drop the metal skeleton in with scrap metal ( remove the fabric and the handle first ) .
Plastic ones are n’t accepted .
Used clothing :
Some towns recycle clothing into seat stuffing , upholstery , or insulation .
Also consider donating clothing to animal boarders and shelters , where it can be turned into pet bedding .
Utensils ( plastic ) : Local recycling programs will determine if plastic utensils are recyclable .
Contact yours to see if you can toss them in the recycling bin ; if not , they ’ll have to be tossed .
W
Wine corks :
Put standard corks in a compost bin .
“ They ’re natural , ” says Matsch , “ so they ’re biodegradable . ”
Plastic corks ca n’t be composted or recycled .
Wipes and sponges :
These ca n’t be recycled , but sea sponges and natural sponges made from vegetable cellulose are biodegradable and can be tossed into a compost heap .
Writing implements :
You ca n’t recycle pens , pencils , and markers , but you can donate usable ones to schools that are short on these supplies .
Y
Yogurt cups :
Many towns do n’t recycle these because they ’re made of a plastic that ca n’t be processed with other plastics .
Check with yours to see if yogurt cups are accepted .
Z
MOSCOW — A top Russian official demanded that all child adoptions by U.S. families be frozen Friday after a woman from Tennessee shipped her 7 - year - old adopted Russian grandson on a one - way flight back to Moscow all alone .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov called the actions by the grandmother , Nancy Hansen of Shelbyville , " the last straw " in a string of U.S. adoptions gone wrong , including three in which Russian children had died in the United States .
The cases have prompted outrage in Russia , where foreign adoption failures are reported with gusto .
The Russian education ministry immediately suspended the license of the group involved in the adoption — the World Association for Children and Parents , a Renton , Washington - based agency — for the duration of an investigation .
In Tennessee , authorities were investigating the adoptive mother , Torry Hansen .
Any possible freeze could affect hundreds of American families .
Last year , nearly 1,600 Russian children were adopted in the United States .
The boy , Artyom Savelyev , arrived unaccompanied in Moscow on a United Airlines flight on Thursday from Washington .
Social workers sent him to a Moscow hospital on Friday for a health checkup and criticized his adoptive mother for abandoning him .
The Kremlin children 's rights office said the boy was carrying a letter from his adoptive mother saying she was returning him due to severe psychological problems .
" This child is mentally unstable .
He is violent and has severe psychopathic issues , " the letter said .
" I was lied to and misled by the Russian Orphanage workers and director regarding his mental stability and other issues .
...
" After giving my best to this child , I am sorry to say that for the safety of my family , friends , and myself , I no longer wish to parent this child . "
The boy was adopted last September from the town of Partizansk in Russia 's Far East .
Nancy Hansen , the grandmother , told The Associated Press that she and the boy flew to Washington and she put the child on the plane with the note from her daughter .
She vehemently rejected assertions of child abandonment by Russian authorities , saying he was watched over by a United Airlines stewardess and the family paid a man $ 200 to pick the boy up at the Moscow airport and take him to the Russian Education and Science Ministry .
Speaking from the home in Shelbyville that she shares with her daughter , Nancy Hansen said a social worker checked on the boy in January and reported to Russian authorities that there were no problems .
But after that , the grandmother said incidents of hitting , kicking , spitting began to escalate , along with threats .
" He drew a picture of our house burning down and he 'll tell anybody that he 's going to burn our house down with us in it , " she told The Associated Press in a phone interview .
" It got to be where you feared for your safety .
It was terrible . "
Nancy Hansen said she and her daughter , a single mother , went to Russia together to adopt the boy , and she believes information about his behavioural problems was withheld from her daughter .
" The Russian orphanage officials completed lied to her because they wanted to get rid of him , " Nancy Hansen said .
She also said the boy was very skinny when they picked him up , and he told them he had been beaten with a broom handle at the orphanage .
Russian state television on Friday showed the child in a yellow jacket holding the hands of two chaperones as he left a police precinct and entered a van bound for a Moscow medical clinic .
The U.S. ambassador to Russia , John Beyrle , said he was " deeply shocked by the news " and " very angry that any family would act so callously toward a child that they had legally adopted . "
Anna Orlova , a spokeswoman for Kremlin's Children Rights Commissioner , told The Associated Press that she visited the boy on Friday and he told her that his mother was " bad , " '' did not love him , " and used to pull his hair .
Russian officials said he turned up at the door of the Russian Education and Science Ministry on Thursday afternoon accompanied by a Russian man who handed over the boy and his documents , then left , officials said .
The child holds a Russian passport with a U.S. visa that expired April 4 , Russian officials said .
Rob Johnson , a spokesman for the Tennessee Department of Children 's Services , said the agency is looking into Friday 's allegations , although it does not handle international adoptions .
Bedford County Sheriff Randall Boyce also said Torry Hansen is under investigation although no charges have been filed .
Officers were expected to interview her Friday afternoon .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Lavrov said his ministry would recommend that the U.S. and Russia hammer out an agreement before any new adoptions are allowed .
" We have taken the decision ... to suggest a freeze on any adoptions to American families until Russia and the USA sign an international agreement " on the conditions for adoptions and the obligations of host families , Lavrov was quoted as saying .
He said the U.S. had refused to negotiate such an accord in the past but " the recent event was the last straw . "
Pavel Astakhov , the children rights commissioner , said in a televised interview Friday that a treaty is vital to protect Russian citizens in other countries .
" How can we prosecute a person who abused the rights of a Russian child abroad ?
If there was an adoption treaty in place , we would have legal means to protect Russian children abroad , " he said .
A spokeswoman for the U.S. adoption agency involved , the World Association for Children and Parents , did not immediately return telephone calls from The Associated Press .
Despite the uproar over adoptions , placing children inside Russia remains difficult .
There are more than 740,000 children without parental custody in Russia , according to UNICEF , the United Nations Children 's Fund .
United Airlines disavowed any responsibility for the international incident .
The airline said it requires a parent or guardian dropping off a child for a flight to show an ID and to list who is picking the child up at the destination .
The airline allows unaccompanied children as young as 5 years old on direct flights .
United spokeswoman Robin Urbanski said all unaccompanied minors on the flight that arrived Thursday in Moscow were picked up by the person listed on the form .
Previous adoption failures have increased Russian officials ' wariness of adoptions to the U.S .
In 2006 , Peggy Sue Hilt of Manassas , Virginia , was sentenced to 25 years in prison after being convicted of fatally beating a 2 - year - old girl adopted from Siberia months earlier .
In 2008 , Kimberly Emelyantsev of Tooele , Utah , was sentenced to 15 years after pleading guilty to killing a Russian infant in her care .
And in March of this year , prosecutors in Pennsylvania met with a Russian diplomats to discuss how to handle the case of a couple accused of killing their 7 - year - old adopted Russian son at their home near the town of Dillsburg .
Read more about :
Mentat Profile Joined April 2010 Canada 74 Posts Last Edited : 2010-04-11 12:36:22 #
1
Marines -
These bad asses will fight anything .
Land , sea , air , bring it the fuck on because if they are in range marines will shoot at it .
Not to mention the fact that they are such hard bastards they still use shields in an era where intergalactic space travel is possible .
Marauders -
Some marine was sitting around one day chomping down on an MRE when his buddy was like , " Hey Magnus ( damn straight he has a manly name like Magnus ) I think we need a better way to kill things " , so Magnus was like " I agree , strap on some rocket fucking launchers to my arms and I 'll start blowing shit up " .
And he did , and it was good .
Did I mention the fact that marines and marauders are willing to inject themselves with who knows what in order to shoot things faster , at the cost of their own health !
Real men willing to sacrifice
Reapers -
These crazy bastards are willing to have giant jets strapped on to their backs so they can jump up and down cliffs .
Massive exhaust flames centimeters away from their asses , all while going to fight with nothing more than two hand held pistols and some grenades .
JET PACK ON THEIR BACK , WHILE CARRYING GRENADES .
When asked about logic reapers were quoted as saying “ logic is for casuals ” .
Ghosts –
If smoking is cool , ghosts go through 4 packs while laying down some love on the Marlboro man ’s wife , and mom , at the same time .
Remember when EMPs were only available on massive floating science research facilities ?
Ghosts were all like “ fuck that shit , I ’ll carry them ” .
Nuclear Launch Detected : Nothing is manlier than radioactive devastation .
Hellions –
One day a couple of Terrans were driving around the desert in dune buggies , and they decided it would be an awesome idea to attach massive flamethrowers to them so they could burn shit to the ground while hitting some massive jumps .
Oh are you trying to mine some minerals ?
* FWOOOOOM * not anymore .
Medivacs – SUCK ON MY GREEN LASER BITCHES WHILE I FLY AROUND CARRYING SOME TANKS DICKFACE !
Siege Tank – Siege tanks are as manly as it gets .
Brace for fucking impact while they blast away at your measly army ; and you might think they brace for impact because of the shells they fire off .
Little did you know the real reason is to counteract the sheer orgasmic force released when the tank drivers fire off onto the approaching force .
Their hardness of their balls is comparable to the surface of a neutron star .
Oh yeah …..
Thor –
Were you seriously going to question the manliness of a Thor ?
What is your major malfunction ?
Battlecruisers - Your dad can beat up my dad ?
Well Battlecruisers can beat up all dads , everywhere , at the same damn time .
They do n't need to move fast because they are so damn important people will wait .
Sure fire away at me while I charge up my Yamato cannon and BLOW YOU TO SMITHEREENS .
Terrans : Race of the year -
All years .
Terran are the most volatile romp n' stomp habanero chili boomshakalaka slam dunk descendants from Spartan warriors while drinking blood of roman gladiators bad ass race out there .
If you do n't play Terran you can never call yourself a real man .
Marines -
These bad asses will fight anything .
Land , sea , air , bring it the fuck on because if they are in range marines will shoot at it .
Not to mention the fact that they are such hard bastards they still use shields in an era where intergalactic space travel is possible .
Marauders -
Some marine was sitting around one day chomping down on an MRE when his buddy was like , " Hey Magnus ( damn straight he has a manly name like Magnus ) I think we need a better way to kill things " , so Magnus was like " I agree , strap on some rocket fucking launchers to my arms and I 'll start blowing shit up " .
And he did , and it was good .
Did I mention the fact that marines and marauders are willing to inject themselves with who knows what in order to shoot things faster , at the cost of their own health !
Real men willing to sacrificeReapers -
These crazy bastards are willing to have giant jets strapped on to their backs so they can jump up and down cliffs .
Massive exhaust flames centimeters away from their asses , all while going to fight with nothing more than two hand held pistols and some grenades .
JET PACK ON THEIR BACK , WHILE CARRYING GRENADES .
When asked about logic reapers were quoted as saying “ logic is for casuals ” .
Ghosts –
If smoking is cool , ghosts go through 4 packs while laying down some love on the Marlboro man ’s wife , and mom , at the same time .
Remember when EMPs were only available on massive floating science research facilities ?
Ghosts were all like “ fuck that shit , I ’ll carry them ” .
Nuclear Launch Detected : Nothing is manlier than radioactive devastation .
Hellions –
One day a couple of Terrans were driving around the desert in dune buggies , and they decided it would be an awesome idea to attach massive flamethrowers to them so they could burn shit to the ground while hitting some massive jumps .
Oh are you trying to mine some minerals ?
* FWOOOOOM * not anymore .
Medivacs – SUCK ON MY GREEN LASER BITCHES WHILE I FLY AROUND CARRYING SOME TANKS DICKFACE !
Siege Tank – Siege tanks are as manly as it gets .
Brace for fucking impact while they blast away at your measly army ; and you might think they brace for impact because of the shells they fire off .
Little did you know the real reason is to counteract the sheer orgasmic force released when the tank drivers fire off onto the approaching force .
Their hardness of their balls is comparable to the surface of a neutron star .
Oh yeah ….. Thor – Were you seriously going to question the manliness of a Thor ?
What is your major malfunction ?
Battlecruisers - Your dad can beat up my dad ?
Well Battlecruisers can beat up all dads , everywhere , at the same damn time .
They do n't need to move fast because they are so damn important people will wait .
Sure fire away at me while I charge up my Yamato cannon and BLOW YOU TO SMITHEREENS .
Terrans : Race of the year -
All years .
MacKeown is expected to give evidence in the Goan death trial
The mother of Devon teenager Scarlett Keeling , who was killed on a beach in India , has been given an eight - month suspended jail term for benefit fraud .
At Exeter Crown Court , Fiona MacKeown , 44 , of Meddon , Devon , was also ordered to do 150 hours of community work .
She admitted falsely claiming £ 19,000 of income support between February 2005 and March 2008 .
The period included the time when 15 - year - old Scarlett was raped and killed on a family holiday to Goa .
The jail term was suspended for two years .
Speaking outside the court after sentencing , MacKeown told BBC News : " I did n't think it was such a big deal - obviously it is .
" Maybe other people will learn from this to be a bit more careful . "
Two men are currently on trial in India accused of killing and assaulting Scarlett .
Two men are currently on trial for killing 15 - year - old Scarlett
The teenager 's body was found on Anjuna beach in February 2008 .
Samson D'Souza , 28 , and 36 - year - old Placido Carvalho , are accused of culpable homicide , grievous sexual assault and destroying evidence .
They are also charged with assault with criminal force with intent to outrage a woman 's modesty and administering drugs with intent to harm .
On the day the trial started at the Children 's Court in Goa last month , MacKeown admitted benefit fraud at Exeter Crown Court .
The trial of Mr D'Souza and Mr Carvalho is expected to last for up to a year , but MacKeown is due to give evidence at some point .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
April 24th , 2010
There has been a lot of coverage of the launch of the X - 37 b , but as the right hand was waving at us , did you notice what the left hand was up to ?
The same day , the U.S. launched a Minotaur rocket that reportedly carried a Hypersonic Test Vehicle , which is a test platform for the Prompt Global Strike program .
This is from DARPA :
Falcon HTV - 2
The Falcon program objectives are to develop and demonstrate hypersonic technologies that will enable prompt global reach missions .
The technologies include high lift - to - drag techniques , high temperature materials , precision navigation , guidance , and control , communications through plasma , and an autonomous flight safety system .
Leveraging technology developed under the Hypersonic Flight ( HyFly ) program , Falcon will address the implications of hypersonic flight and reusability using a series of hypersonic technology vehicles ( HTVs ) to incrementally demonstrate these required technologies in flight .
The HTV - 2 program will demonstrate enabling hypersonic technologies for future operational systems through rocket - boosted hypersonic flights with sufficient cross-range and down - range performance to evaluate thermal protection systems , aerodynamic shapes , maneuverability , and long - range communication for hypersonic cruise and re-entry vehicle applications .
Technologies developed under Falcon would also allow for a low cost , responsive Small Launch Vehicle ( SLV ) capable of launching small satellites into low earth and sun synchronous orbits and will provide the nation a new , small payload access to space capability .
The Falcon program addresses many high priority mission areas and applications such as global presence and space lift .
I took a look around to see if there were any new ( public ) developments with regard to Prompt Global Strike .
This recent piece from the New York Times states that an early version of the system would n’t be deployed until 2014 or 2015 , but that the full package would n’t be ready until 2017 to 2020 :
The Pentagon hopes to deploy an early version of the system by 2014 or 2015 .
But even under optimistic timetables , a complete array of missiles , warheads , sensors and control systems is not expected to enter the arsenal until 2017 to 2020 , long after Mr. Obama will have left office , even if he is elected to a second term .
But look back on the statement from U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates on 11 April 2010 on Meet the Press :
We have , in addition to the nuclear deterrent today , a couple of things we did n’t have in the Soviet days .
We have missile defense now , and that ’s growing by leaps and bounds every year ; significant budget increase for that this year , both regional and the ground - based interceptors .
And we have prompt global strike affording us some conventional alternatives on long - range missiles that we did n’t have before .
We have Prompt Global Strike ?
That ’s interesting .
So , which is it ?
Is a Prompt Global Strike capability as far away as 2020 , as we read in the New York Times , and other mainstream publications that mention the program , or is it , “ We have prompt global strike ” ?
Now , DARPA claims to have lost contact with the Hypersonic Test Vehicle …
* wink *
So , what did it go on to do after DARPA claims to have lost contact with it ?
Via : Space Flight Now :
A new Minotaur launch vehicle derived from retired missile parts successfully blasted off from the California coast Thursday , but officials lost contact with a hypersonic glider testbed for a U.S. military quick - response global strike system .
…
A small winged glider designed by Pentagon researchers was the payload for Thursday ’s launch .
The craft , called the Hypersonic Test Vehicle 2a , apparently did not complete all of its planned maneuvers to demonstrate new hypersonic flight systems .
“ Preliminary review of technical data indicates the Minotaur Lite launch system successfully delivered the Falcon HTV 2 glide vehicle to the desired separation conditions , ” the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency said in a statement .
“ The launch vehicle executed first of its kind energy management maneuvers , clamshell payload fairing release and HTV 2 deployment . ”
…
The HTV 2a payload launched Thursday separated from the Minotaur high in the upper atmosphere at a velocity more than 20 times the speed of sound .
But tracking assets lost contact with the triangle - shaped craft 9 minutes after liftoff .
“ An engineering team is reviewing available data to understand this event , ” DARPA said in a written statement .
After its release from the Minotaur third stage , the craft was designed to try out its aerodynamic control system and conduct sweeping turns to bleed off excess energy and demonstrate its cross -range capabilities .
The DARPA press release did not specify whether any of the test maneuvers were completed before controllers lost communications with the craft .
The HTV 2a was supposed to glide over the Pacific Ocean at more than 13,000 mph and splash down in the sea near the U.S. Army ’s Reagan Test Site at Kwajalein Atoll .
The HTV program is managed by DARPA , a Pentagon research and development division focusing on high - tech demonstrations .
Officials say the HTV demonstrations were supposed to test enabling technologies that could eventually be employed by an operational system capable of prompt global response missions .
DARPA says the HTV craft features a high lift - to - drag aerodynamic shape , lightweight thermal protection structures and autonomous guidance , control and flight safety systems .
The HTV was built by Lockheed Martin Corp .
More : Pentagon Looks to Revive Nazi Space - Bomber Plan
Via Eurekalert – New study debunks myths about Amazon rain forests –
They may be more tolerant of droughts than previously thought
( Boston ) — A new NASA - funded study has concluded that Amazon rain forests were remarkably unaffected in the face of once - in - a- century drought in 2005 , neither dying nor thriving , contrary to a previously published report and claims by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
“ We found no big differences in the greenness level of these forests between drought and non-drought years , which suggests that these forests may be more tolerant of droughts than we previously thought , ” said Arindam Samanta , the study ’s lead author from Boston University .
The comprehensive study published in the current issue of the scientific journal Geophysical Research Letters used the latest version of the NASA MODIS satellite data to measure the greenness of these vast pristine forests over the past decade .
A study published in the journal Science in 2007 claimed that these forests actually thrive from drought because of more sunshine under cloud - less skies typical of drought conditions .
The new study found that those results were flawed and not reproducible .
“ This new study brings some clarity to our muddled understanding of how these forests , with their rich source of biodiversity , would fare in the future in the face of twin pressures from logging and changing climate , ” said Boston University Prof.
Ranga Myneni , senior author of the new study .
The IPCC is under scrutiny for various data inaccuracies , including its claim – based on a flawed World Wildlife Fund study — that up to 40 % of the Amazonian forests could react drastically and be replaced by savannas from even a slight reduction in rainfall .
“ Our results certainly do not indicate such extreme sensitivity to reductions in rainfall , ” said Sangram Ganguly , an author on the new study , from the Bay Area Environmental Research Institute affiliated with NASA Ames Research Center in California .
“ The way that the WWF report calculated this 40 % was totally wrong , while [ the new ] calculations are by far more reliable and correct , ” said Dr. Jose Marengo , a Brazilian National Institute for Space Research climate scientist and member of the IPCC .
###
Founded in 1839 , Boston University is an internationally recognized private research university with more than 30,000 students participating in undergraduate , graduate , and professional programs .
BU consists of 17 colleges and schools along with a number of multi-disciplinary centers and institutes which are central to the school ’s research and teaching mission .
Geophysical Research Letters article citation : Samanta , A. , S. Ganguly , H. Hashimoto , S. Devadiga , E. Vermote , Y. Knyazikhin , R. R. Nemani , and R. B. Myneni ( 2010 ) , Amazon forests did not green‐up during the 2005 drought , Geophys .
Res. Lett. , 37 , L05401 , doi:10.1029/2009GL042154 .
ABSTRACT : Amazon forests did not green - up during the 2005 drought
Paper available here ( PDF )
The sensitivity of Amazon rainforests to dry - season droughts is still poorly understood , with reports of enhanced tree mortality and forest fires on one hand , and excessive forest greening on the other .
Here , we report that the previous results of large - scale greening of the Amazon , obtained from an earlier version of satellite - derived vegetation greenness data – Collection 4 ( C4 ) Enhanced Vegetation Index ( EVI ) , are irreproducible , with both this earlier version as well as the improved , current version ( C5 ) , owing to inclusion of atmosphere - corrupted data in those results .
We find no evidence of large - scale greening of intact Amazon forests during the 2005 drought – approximately 11 % – 12 % of these drought - stricken forests display greening , while , 28 % –29 % show browning or no-change , and for the rest , the data are not of sufficient quality to characterize any changes .
These changes are also not unique – approximately similar changes are observed in non-drought years as well .
Changes in surface solar irradiance are contrary to the speculation in the previously published report of enhanced sunlight availability during the 2005 drought .
There was no co-relation between drought severity and greenness changes , which is contrary to the idea of drought - induced greening .
Thus , we conclude that Amazon forests did not green - up during the 2005 drought .
h/t to Dr. Leif Svalgaard
Sponsored IT training links :
Join pass4sure for absolute JN0 - 342 exam solution and get guaranteed success using F50 - 531 dumps and 642-359 study guide .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The mine , affiliated to the state - owned Huajin Coking Coal Co. Ltd. , is expected to produce 6 million tonnes of coal annually once put into operation , according to the Xinhua news agency .
It is a key project approved by the provincial government .
Woman arrested in Naperville calls 911 to complain she 's trapped in jail
" You 're trapped where ? " the Naperville police dispatcher asks , perhaps somewhat incredulously .
She was responding to a 911 call from Carly A. Houston , 29 , of Chicago , who had been arrested and booked at the Naperville police station at about 2 a.m.
Sunday after she refused to pay a cabdriver a $ 6.60 fare , Naperville Police Cmdr .
Mike Anders said .
Naperville police Wednesday released Houston 's call from the Naperville lockup , where she complains in the 21 - second call of being held against her will .
" I 'm trapped in , like , the Naper hotline 911 . "
" You 're trapped where ? " the dispatcher asks .
" In the Naperville 911 , so ... "
Houston says as the line goes dead .
She was charged with making a false 911 report , as well as theft of services and criminal trespass for stiffing the cabdriver , Anders said .
All of the charges are misdemeanors .
Police said they were initially called to a BP service station at 901 N. Washington St. after Houston reportedly became irate inside the cab .
The driver , fearing for his safety , pulled over and called police .
Upon arrival , police officers tried to intervene and get Houston to pay her bill .
She refused to pay and continued being disruptive , Anders said , which forced police to arrest her and charge her with disorderly conduct .
She was taken to the police station for processing where she was told she could use the phone to find someone to post her bail and pick her up , according to Anders .
After being given the phone at 3:10 a.m. , Houston dialed 911 and reported " she 's trapped inside the Naperville police detention facility , " Anders said .
The 911 operator phoned the arresting officers about the phone call .
Houston was later released on bail , Anders said , and has an April 20 arraignment date scheduled in DuPage County Circuit Court in Wheaton .
Antony Flew , an English philosopher and outspoken atheist who stunned and dismayed the unbelieving faithful when he announced in 2004 that God probably did exist , died April 8 in Reading , England .
He was 87 and lived in Reading .
His death was confirmed by Roy Abraham Varghese , with whom he wrote “ There Is a God : How the World ’s Most Notorious Atheist Changed His Mind , ” published in 2007 .
Mr. Flew , the son of a Methodist minister , embraced atheism as a teenager .
“ It just seemed flatly inconsistent to say that the universe was created by an omnipotent and perfectly good being , ” he told The Sunday Times of London in 2004 .
“ Yet there were evils in abundance which could not be put down to a consequence of human sin . ”
The rejection of religious faith , he said , was the start of his career as a philosopher .
His philosophical interests were wide .
He was an expert on the Scottish philosopher David Hume , about whom he wrote the indispensable “ Hume ’s Philosophy of Belief ” ( 1961 ) .
But in more than 30 books he also explored topics as varied as evolutionary ethics , psychic phenomena , logic , education , crime and egalitarianism .
Sass is an extension of CSS3 which adds nested rules , variables , mixins , selector inheritance , and more .
Sass generates well formatted CSS and makes your stylesheets easier to organize and maintain .
Save 37 % on the Book : ( Currently In Beta )
The more we hear about the next generation of rechargeable batteries , the more nanotechnology seems integral to the case , as scientists work to improve the capacity of electrodes in the popular Lithium-ion chemical battery structure .
Silicon nanowires are an exciting future possibility , and one current solution uses nano - structures made of iron phosphate .
But the firm we 're highlighting today , EcoloCap , has decided to revisit our versatile friend : the carbon nanotube .
The company has just spread the word that its Nano Lithium X battery can generate a minimum of 200 amp - hours with a single cell ( a Tesla requires 6,831 cells ) at half the cost of a traditional Li-ion and with greater than 99 percent efficiency .
Truth be told , we do n't know if the tech actually exists , and we'd never even heard of the company before today -- but if this solution does materialize with the voltage to match its longevity , it 'll bring a badly needed eco -boost of competition to a market with far too few players .
Alamy
The Faith Instinct : How Religion Evolved and Why it Endures .
By Nicholas Wade .
Penguin Press ; 310 pages ; $ 25.95 .
Buy from Amazon.com
WHEREVER their investigations lead , all analysts of religion begin somewhere .
And in the final lines of his densely but skilfully packed account of faith from the viewpoint of evolutionary biology , Nicholas Wade recalls the place where he first felt sanctity : Eton College chapel .
The “ beauty of holiness ” in a British private school is a far cry from the sort of religion that later came to interest him as a science journalist at Nature magazine and then the New York Times .
To examine the roots of religion , he says , it is important to look at human beginnings .
The customs of hunter - gatherer peoples who survived into modern times give an idea of religion 's first forms : the ecstasy of dusk - to - dawn tribal dances , for example .
Charles Darwin , whose idea of the sacred also came from an English private school , witnessed religion at its most primordial when he went to Australia in 1836 .
He found it horrifying : “ nearly naked figures , viewed by the light of blazing fires , all moving in hideous harmony … ”
Whatever Darwin 's personal sensibilities , Mr Wade is convinced that a Darwinian approach offers the key to understanding religion .
In other words , he sides with those who think man 's propensity for religion has some adaptive function .
According to this view , faith would not have persisted over thousands of generations if it had not helped the human race to survive .
Among evolutionary biologists , this idea is contested .
Critics of religion , like Richard Dawkins and Steven Pinker , suggest that faith is a useless ( or worse ) by - product of other human characteristics .
And that controversy leads to another one .
Does Darwinian selection take place at the level only of individuals , or of groups as well ?
As Mr Wade makes clear , the notion of religion as an “ adaptive ” phenomenon makes better sense if one accepts the idea of group selection .
Groups which practised religion effectively and enjoyed its benefits were likely to prevail over those which lacked these advantages .
Of course , the picture is muddied by the vast changes that religion went through in the journey from tribal dancing to Anglican hymns .
The advent of settled , agricultural societies , at least 10,000 years ago , led to a new division of labour , in which priestly castes tried to monopolise access to the divine , and the authorities sought to control sacred ecstasy .
Still , the modifications that religion has undergone should not , in Mr Wade 's view , distract from the study of faith 's basic functions .
In what way , then , does religion enhance a group 's survival ?
Above all , by promoting moral rules and cementing cohesion , in a way that makes people ready to sacrifice themselves for the group and to deal ruthlessly with outsiders .
These arguments are well made .
Mr Wade has a clear mind and limpid prose style which guides the reader almost effortlessly through 200 years of intellectual history .
Perhaps , though , he oversimplifies the link between morality , in the sense of obedience to rules , and group solidarity based on common participation in ecstatic rites .
All religion is concerned in varying degrees with metaphysical ideas , moral norms and mystical experience .
But in the great religions , the moral and the mystical have often been in tension .
The more a religion stresses ecstasy , the less it seems hidebound by rules — especially rules of public behaviour , as opposed to purely religious norms .
And religious movements ( from the “ Deuteronomists ” of ancient Israel to the English Puritans ) that emphasise moral norms tend to eschew the ecstatic .
Max Weber , one of the fathers of religious sociology , contrasted the transcendental feelings enjoyed by Catholic mass - goers with the Protestant obsession with behaviour .
In Imperial Russia , Peter the Great tried to pull the Russian Orthodox church from the former extreme to the latter : to curb its love of rite and mystery and make it more of a moral agency like the Lutheran churches of northern Europe .
He failed .
Russians liked things mystical , and they did n't like being told what to do .
As well as giving an elegant summary of modern thinking about religion , Mr Wade also offers a brief , provocative history of monotheism .
He endorses the radical view that the story of the Jews ' flight from Egypt is myth , rather than history .
He sympathises with daring ideas about Islam 's beginnings : so daring that many of its proponents work under false names .
In their view , Islam is more likely to have emerged from dissident Christian sects in the Levant than to have “ burst out of Arabia ” , as the Muslim version of sacred history teaches .
At times , the book stumbles .
In describing the interplay between Hellenic and Hebrew culture at the dawning of Christianity , Mr Wade makes exaggerated claims .
He says there is no basis for a mother - and - child cult in the religion of Israel .
In fact there are many references in the Hebrew scriptures to the Messiah and his mother ; the Dead Sea Scrolls have made this even clearer .
And his micro-history of Christian theology is inaccurate in places .
These objections aside , this is a masterly book .
It lays the basis for a rich dialogue between biology , social science and religious history .
It also helps explain a quest for collective ecstasy that can take myriad forms .
Perhaps his brief autobiographical reference to Eton should have noted the bonding effect not only of chapel , but also of songs like “ Jolly Boating Weather ” .
Here 's a re-posting of a story I ran in February of last year , when Congressional Republicans were freaking out about the stimulus bill .
You know , the last time they told America that we were all going to be enslaved by Teh Socializmz .
The lesson is as true today as it was during the stimulus debate , and in turn as true as it was during the 1993 stimulus debate ( which is exactly the point ) :
Republicans have nothing else in their bag of tricks except to swear to you that whatever Democrats do is going to be a disaster .
You will find the quotes eerily familiar if you watch today 's floor debate on the health insurance reform bill .
Why ?
Because this is the only thing Republicans know how to do .
Remember , these are the people who told you " We know where the WMD are , " and were willing to put 4,000 +
American soldiers and untold thousands of Iraqis in the ground based on their insane idiocy .
Today they tell you to fear finally being able to afford to take your kids to the damn doctor , and not only are there actually people willing to believe them , and your TeeVee news will insist they must be listened to .
I HAVE WITH ME a hard copy of a collection of Republican quotes predicting doom and disaster in the wake of the 1993 Clinton economic stimulus plan , and much of the rhetoric is eerily similar to today's .
Of course , that should come as no surprise , since the point of the compilation was in fact to point out that the 1993 rhetoric -- particularly on health care , which was still a live proposition at that time -- was itself eerily similar to Republican doom and disaster rhetoric during the debate on the original Social Security and Medicare legislation .
I figure this is what I 've been saving this crazy thing for , after all these years .
So I 'm just going to type them all up here for your enjoyment .
And I sincerely hope that they retain their entertainment value forever , and in particular that we all get to laugh -- not nervous tittering , but really have a carefree laugh -- at this exercise very , very soon .
Some of these quotes are better ammunition than others .
I think the blunt predictions of utter disaster from the Republicans in 1993 are pretty damning for the most part .
Others , I 'm not so sure have n't still got a grain of truth to them , somewhere , particularly with respect to Medicare .
I think many of the concerns were more than overstated , but they 're not all quite as crazy - sounding as , say , some of the quotes on Social Security , insisting that it would be the end of a free America .
Except Reagan 's of course .
He went there .
One other thing you 'll notice about the 1993 quotes is how many of the Republicans responsible for them are no longer in power , most of them long , long gone .
The prosperity created by the Clinton program far outlasted them , which is as it should be .
Finally , I can't vouch directly for the sourcing , formatting or editing .
I 'm reproducing these quotes as near to the format in which I got them as I can , with the exception of having put the name of the speaker above the blockquotes , in the current blogging style , as opposed to beneath them as was done in the document .
On the 1993 deficit reduction package :
Rep. Robert Michel ( R - IL ) , Los Angeles Times ,
5/28/93 :
They will remember who let loose this deadly virus into our economic bloodstream .
Rep. Newt Gingrich ( R - GA ) , GOP Press Conference , House TV Gallery , 8/5/93 :
I believe this will lead to a recession next year .
This is the Democrat machine 's recession , and each one of them will be held personally accountable .
Rep. John Kasich ( R - OH ) , 8/5/93 :
Do you know what ?
This is your package .
We will come back here next year and try to help you when this puts the economy in the gutter ...
Rep. John Kasich ( R - OH ) , CNN , 7/28/93 :
This plan will not work .
If it was to work , then I 'd have to become a Democrat ...
Rep. Robert Dornan ( R - CA ) , 8/5/93 :
The problem with our economy is that there is too little employment and too little growth .
This plan will do nothing to improve that condition and will actually make it worse .
Rep. Christopher Cox ( R - CA ) , 5/27/93 :
This is really the Dr. Kevorkian plan for our economy .
Rep. Thomas Ewing ( R - IL ) , 8/5/93 :
... This bill is a disaster waiting to happen .
Rep. Jim Ramstad ( R - MN ) , 3/17/93 :
... will stifle economic growth , destroy jobs , reduce revenues , and increase the deficit .
Rep. Phil Crane ( R - IL ) , 3/18/93 :
... a recipe for economic and fiscal disaster .
On jobs :
Rep. John Kasich ( R - OH ) , CNN , 7/28/93 :
... We have a stagnant economy and there is nothing down the road that makes it look like we 're going to have the kind of economic growth that puts people to work .
Rep. Dick Armey ( R - TX ) , CNN , 8/2/93 :
The impact on job creation is going to be devastating , and the American young people in particular will suffer a fairly substantial deferment of their lives because there simply wo n't be jobs for the next two to three years to go around to our young graduates across the country .
Rep. John Kasich ( R - OH ) , 5/27/93 :
... your economic program is a job killer .
On interest rates :
Rep. Dick Armey ( R - TX ) , 8/5/93 :
The economy will sputter along .
Dreams will be put off and all this for the hollow promise of deficit reduction and magical theories of lower interest rates .
Like so many of the President 's past promises , deficit reduction will be another cruel hoax .
Rep. Wally Herger ( R - CA ) , 8/4/93 :
The simple fact is that the Clinton plan will not lower interest rates .
It will not lower inflation .
It will not create jobs .
And it will no lower the deficit .
The Clinton tax plan will spur inflation , lose jobs , increase the deficit , and hurt our economic growth .
On inflation :
Rep. Deborah Pryce ( R - OH ) , 5/27/93 :
The votes we will take today will not be soon forgotten by the American voter .
[ They ] will lead to more taxes , higher inflation , and slower economic growth .
On the deficit :
Rep. John Kasich ( R - OH ) , GOP News Conference , Senate Gallery , 8/3/93 :
Come next year ... we 're going to find out whether we have higher deficits , we 're going to find out whether we have a slower economy , we 're going to find out what 's going to happen to interest rates , and it 's our bet that this is a job killer .
Rep. Dick Armey ( R - TX ) , CNN , 8/2/93 :
Clearly this is a job killer in the short run .
The revenues forecast for this budget will not materialize ; the costs of this budget will be greater than what is forecast .
The deficit will be worse , and it is not a good omen for the American economy .
Rep. Jim Bunning ( R - KY ) , 8/5/93 :
It will not cut the deficit .
It will not create jobs .
And it will not cut spending .
Rep. Dick Armey , CNN , 2/18/93 :
I will tell you , this program will not give you deficit reduction .
It will be a disaster for the performance of the economy .
Rep. Clifford Stearns ( R-FL ) , 3/17/93 :
... It will be the kind of impact that this country can't absorb .
It will slow economic growth , contribute to the massive federal deficit ....
Rep. Joel Hefley ( R-CO ) , 8/4/93 :
... It will raise your taxes , increase the deficit , and kill over one million jobs .
The 1965 Medicare and 1935 Social Security fearmongering is below the fold .
The public outcry against the bank bailouts was driven in part by suspicions that a heads - we - win , tails - you - lose ethos pervades the financial industry .
To many , that Goldman and others are once again minting money — and paying big bonuses to their employees — is evidence that Wall Street got a sweet deal at taxpayers ’ expense .
The accusations against Goldman may only further those suspicions .
Image
The main office of Goldman Sachs in Lower Manhattan .
The company could face a drawn - out , messy and public legal battle .
Credit ... Brendan McDermid / Reuters
“ The S.E.C. suit against Goldman , if proven true , will confirm to people their suspicions about the total selfishness of these financial institutions , ” said Steve Fraser , a Wall Street historian and author of “ Wall Street : America ’s Dream Palace . ”
“ There ’s nothing more damaging than that .
This is way beyond recklessness .
This is way beyond incompetence .
This is cynical , selfish exploiting . ”
On Friday , Goldman ’s stock took a beating , falling 13 percent and wiping out more than $ 10 billion of the company ’s market value .
It was a possible sign that investors fear that the S.E.C. complaint will damage Goldman ’s reputation and its ability to keep its hands on so many sides of a trade — a practice that is immensely profitable for the firm .
It is unclear whether the S.E.C. can prevail against Goldman .
The bank has long maintained that it puts its clients first and , in a letter in its latest annual report , it reiterated that position .
Goldman said it never “ bet against our clients ” in its trades but rather was trying to hedge against other trading positions .
The transaction cited in the S.E.C. complaint cost investors just over $ 1 billion , relatively small by Wall Street standards .
Still , Wall Street analysts said Goldman and other banks , having navigated the financial crisis , might now face a new kind of risk : angry investors .
Most major Wall Street banks also created collateralized debt obligations , which are at the heart of the Goldman case .
C.D.O. ’s , which are essentially bundles of securities backed by mortgages or other debt securities , turned out to be among the most toxic investments ever devised .
“ Any investor who bought these C.D.O. ’s and lost a significant amount of money is probably looking at their investment and wanting to know : what were the details behind the sale ? ” said William Tanona , an analyst at Collins Stewart .
“ Will they contact the S.E.C. and say , ‘ Here ’s the transaction we participated in , and we ’d love to know who is on the other side of it ? ’ ”
Still , apart from its front - runner status , Google is also remarkable for its pace of innovation and for how broadly it seems to interpret its mission to " organize the world 's information and make it universally accessible and useful . "
The company 's current lineup of offerings includes : software for searching personal computer files ; an e-mail service ; maps ; satellite images ; instant messaging ; blogging tools ; a service for posting and sharing digital photos ; and specialized searches for news , video , shopping and local information .
Google 's most controversial venture , Google Print , is a project to copy and catalog millions of books ; it faces lawsuits by some publishers and authors who say it violates copyright law .
Google , which tends to keep its plans secret , certainly has the wealth to fund ambitious ventures .
Its revenues are growing by nearly 100 percent a year , and its profits are rising even faster .
Its executives speak of the company 's outlook only in broad strokes , but they suggest all but unlimited horizons .
" We believe that search networks as industries remain in their nascent stages of growth with great forward potential , " Eric Schmidt , Google 's chief executive , told analysts last month .
Among the many projects being developed and debated inside Google is a real estate service , according to a person who has attended meetings on the proposal .
The concept , the person said , would be to improve the capabilities of its satellite imaging , maps and local search and combine them with property listings .
The service , this person said , could make house hunting far more efficient , requiring potential buyers to visit fewer real estate agents and houses .
If successful , it would be another magnet for the text ads that appear next to search results , the source of most of Google 's revenue .
In telecommunications , the company has made a number of moves that have grabbed the attention of industry executives .
It has been buying fiber - optic cable capacity in the United States and has invested in a company delivering high - speed Internet access over power lines .
And it is participating in an experiment to provide free wireless Internet access in San Francisco .
That has led to speculation that the company wants to build a national free GoogleNet , paid for mostly by advertising .
And Google executives seem to delight in dropping tantalizing , if vague , hints .
" We focus on access to the information as much as the search itself because you need both , " Mr. Schmidt said in an analysts ' conference call last month .
